The Russian Automobile Federation (RAF) have accused Motorsport UK of 'discrimination' over their decision to prevent Nikita Mazepin from competing at the 2022 British Grand Prix. In response to the ongoing invasion of Ukraine, the FIA held an emergency meeting on Monday to discuss Mazepin's future, and ruled the Haas driver could continue to compete in F1 - albeit under a neutral banner. The restriction will apply to any other Russian or Belarusian driver who comes into F1. However, UK Motorsport then announced on Wednesday they would be defying the new regulation, confirming that no driver from either nation, including Haas man Mazepin, could participate in the race weekend at Silverstone on July 1-3. Explaining the decision, chairman Davids Richards stated: "The entire Motorsport UK community condemns the acts of war by Russia and Belarus in Ukraine and expresses its solidarity and support towards all those affected by the ongoing conflict.  However, Viktor Nikolayevich Kiriyanov, president of the Russian Automobile Federation [RAF], has hit out at that decision. According to formula1news.co.uk, Kriyanov vowed to “protect the interests of Russian athletes and Russian motorsport,” by continuing to fight for their right to compete. The Russian motorsport's governing body then issued a statement labelling the decision as contravening the FIA's code against 'discrimination'. However, it now appears inconceivable that Mazepin will be lining up for Haas at the opening race in Bahrain on March 20. The team already took the decision to cut ties with Russian Sponsor Uralkali on the final day of pre-season testing, a company that the 22-year-old's father helps run. They also opted to remove the colour red from their car livery. DON'T MISS:Red Bull confirm new Max Verstappen contract as champ joins Lewis Hamilton on £40m a yearMax Verstappen's new Red Bull contract a reminder to Mercedes about Lewis Hamilton problemRed Bull's Michael Schumacher plan as Christian Horner makes Max Verstappen commitment And now, the German team are reportedly lining up Pietro Fittipaldi to replace Mazepin on a full-time basis before the opening race of the campaign in Bahrain. It's not just driver-related sanctions that have been imposed on Russia and Belarus since Vladimir Putin declared war on the Ukraine on February 24. The Sochi Grand Prix, scheduled for September, was initially axed from the 2022 calendar, before F1 confirmed no race would be held in Russia for the foreseeable future. The event, having returned to the country in 2014 after a 100-year absence, had been due to switch from Sochi to St Petersburg in 2023. Mazepin, who failed to register a point in 2021, has only once spoken publicly about the conflict, posting on Twitter: "To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done. "I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my Haas team." His statement was criticised for his perceived failure to oppose the Russian invasion.