Royal Mail has been experiencing a series of delays since the beginning of the year due to pandemic-related issues, such as staff shortages. Some postcodes are affected more than others. On its website, Royal Mail explained that it operates an air, rail, and road network to move letters and parcels between its distribution hubs, mail processing centres, and delivery offices around the UK. Today, it has updated customers on how well these networks are operating. Fortunately, its air and rail networks have been operating to schedule over the last 24 hours. However, its road network is experiencing issues. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms Centre in Daventry to the Home Counties North Mail Centre in Hemel Hempstead departed late. “This was due to the vehicle arriving late into NDC initially following a breakdown en-route. “As a result, some mail due for delivery today in the AL, EN, HP, LU, SG and WD postcode areas, may arrive later than planned.” It added: “Mail travelling from London's Princess Royal Distribution Centre to Cardiff Mail Centre was late departing last night following technical issues with the vehicle trailer. DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] “As a result, a small amount of mail due for delivery today in the CF, LD and NP postcode areas may arrive later than anticipated.” As for mail centres, three throughout the country have not been dispatching to schedule ove the last 24 hours, and as a result some mail may be delivered slightly later than expected. Royal Mail listed the mail centres, saying: “Cardiff Mail Centre: Some mail posted yesterday in other parts of the UK for delivery today in the CF, LD and NP postcode areas. “Northern Ireland Mail Centre: Some mail posted yesterday in other parts of the UK for delivery today in the BT postcode area. “Preston Mail Centre: Some mail posted yesterday in the BB, FY, LA and PR postcode areas for delivery today in other parts of the UK.” Regarding deliveries, Royal Mail has warned customers of some delays across the country. The company said: “In a small number of local offices this may temporarily not be possible due to local issues such as Covid-related self-isolation, high levels of sick absence, resourcing, or other local factors. “In those cases we will rotate deliveries to minimise the delay to individual customers. “We also provide targeted support to those offices to address their challenges and restore our service to the high standard our customers would normally receive. “We’re sorry for any inconvenience and thank you for your understanding.” Britons have taken to Twitter in recent days to express their frustration with the Royal Mail delays. Twitter user @LycanEclipse wrote: “Is there some kind of delay happening around the Hillingdon area? Our post has been ridiculous lately, with us sometimes not getting any deliveries for a week at a time.” Tarah Keatings said: “I’m still waiting for a parcel to arrive that was posted on the Thursday March 3. Do you know how long roughly delays in postage are?” Darren tweeted: “Hello, I’m still waiting on a package that was sent tracked on February 28 within the UK. Are there major postage delays at the moment? Thank you.” List of postcodes affected by delays Caldicot DO (NP26) Glastonbury DO (BA6 and BA16) Kittybrewster DO (AB24 and AB25) Newbury DO (RG14 and RG20) Wantage DO (OX12)