Armed Forces Minister James Heappey was left feeling "very embarrassed" after the Ministry of Defence's fire alarm sounded during a BBC Breakfast interview on Friday morning. As the alarm blared, the minister suggested to return the conversation "in a few minutes", but presenter Charlie Stayt was determined to "carry on" to probe him over P&O Ferries' mass sacking of 800 staff without giving them notice. As the pair were discussing the latest on the ongoing Ukraine conflict and how the UK government has assisted the war torn country, the Ministry of Defence's fire alarm sounded. "I'm really embarrassed," Heappey told Stay as the alarm blared live on air. "Do you want me to come back to you in a few minutes when they have stopped testing the fire alarms in our building?" However, Stayt wanted to press the minister about the Government's stance on the backlash growing against P&O Ferries, and replied: "Well it's really for you to answer Mr Heappey, is it for your safety? Do you know it's a test for sure?" READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything'  The minister exclaimed: "I do know it's a test, I can persevere but this is going to go on for about 30 seconds or more I'm afraid." However, Stayt replied: "I think we are going to miss our opportunity to speak to you so I am going to carry on and we will let the noise carry on. "We can still hear you so as long as we are all good [we can carry on]." The BBC presenter said he wanted to draw the minister's attention to P&O Ferries as he was aware they only had "limited time" to speak on air.  "I have heard various comments from government ministers saying how outraged they are and that they are very angry, but that doesn't mean anything to someone who found out they were sacked immediately and escorted off a ship and they don't have a job," Stayt fumed. "Frankly the Government look hopeless in this situation as much as there is nothing really you can do, is that a reality?" Heappey replied: "Charlie, I think that is the reality and I think you are perfectly right to say that the Government's anger will mean very little to those who have been sacked in such an appalling way. "It doesn't mean it is not right for me to sit here and to look down the camera and say I do feel very sorry for those people and I do think P&O Ferries have behaved disgracefully." DON'T MISS...Putin warned of direct NATO action if Russia uses Chemical Weapons [LATEST]Charlie Stayt erupts at Heappey over supply of weapons to Ukraine  [VIDEO]Ferrari loses it with Heappey as Putin ‘can do whatever he likes’ [UPDATE] The minister stressed he "wished" the company would have given the unions and the Government more opportunity to engage with them to try to save the jobs. "Ultimately it is not something the Government could have stopped P&O Ferries from doing and now we must support those who have lost their jobs," he added. Almost a quarter of staff were told via video message on Thursday it was their "final day of employment". P&O Ferries said it was a "tough" decision but it would "not be a viable business" without the changes.  A statement from P&O added: "We have made a £100m loss year-on-year, which has been covered by our parent DP World. "This is not sustainable. Without these changes, there is no future for P&O Ferries." The company is responsible for carrying 15 percent of all freight cargo in and out of the UK and more than 10 million passengers a year before the pandemic. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One. 