The air quality in our homes isn’t as good as you’d think, thanks to toxins like formaldehyde and benzene brought in by paint, insulation and furniture. Specific plants absorb these gases and filter the air that we breathe. A small fraction (five to 10 percent) of plants follow a different photosynthesis process called Crassulacean Acid Metabolism (CAM) and these plants emit oxygen at night, boosting sleep quality. Express.co.uk chatted to the founder of indoor plant company, The Stem www.thestem.co.uk James Folger to find out the nine best houseplants to help you drift off. Aloe Vera is the best plant to keep in your bedroom by far. James said: “This amazing plant is something of a wonder as it photosynthesizes and produces oxygen at night, purifies the air by breaking down harmful volatile organic compounds (VOC), it is particularly good at purifying benzene and formaldehyde.” Aloe Vera is a medicinal wonder too, because the gel stored in its leaves can help to treat skin conditions. The expert added: “This plant is known as a ‘succulent,’ which means it needs very little watering as it maintains moisture within its leaves. “Aloe Vera is a sun lover - succulents tend to come from the desert - so keep the plant in a sunny place to ensure it stays healthy.” Succulents are synonymous with CAM, and the Agave 'Blue Glow' is a great choice for the bedroom. James explained: “The Agave Blue Glow not only has those photosynthesis benefits but looks so incredible. “It is compact, striking, a dense rosette of blue-green fleshy leaves with gold and red teeth running along each edge.” READ MORE- Visceral fat: The fruit you can shown to reduce belly fat The Snake Plant (also known as 'mother-in-law's tongue') is another succulent that is a natural air purifier and emits oxygen at night to help you sleep better. James said: “It is an air-purifying superstar too - removing harmful chemicals such as xylene, trichloroethylene, toluene, benzene and formaldehyde. “The piercing sword-shaped leaves, with cream variegated pattern, is striking and we love to bunch different variations of Snake Plant together for aesthetic - as well as maximum air-purifying - effect. “The Snake Plant is a little better at tolerating lower light conditions, so if your bedroom is a shadier one, the Snake Plant is for you.” The Areca Palm has elegant arching, glossy and green fronds that bow upwards to create a beautiful butterfly effect. James said: “This beautiful indoor plant will provide instant tropical impact anywhere in your home: as we know if a plant is tropical, there’s a very strong chance it releases oxygen at night. “Like the Snake Plant, it removes toxins from the air and is a natural air humidifier - so if you suffer from sinus problems, the Areca could be a great option for you!” The Moth Orchid is a stunning flowering orchid with bright, long-lasting blooms that sit on top of its long elegant stem. The expert said: “Moth Orchids are relatively easy to look after, they crave high humidity and bright indirect light, so east or west-facing bedroom is perfect. “Orchids make fantastic gifts or a planet-friendly alternative to cut flowers as the blooms can last for up to a year. Moth orchids are also pet friendly. “Rest assured, the Moth Orchid also releases oxygen at night and is a simply stunning addition to the bedroom.” Another sleep-inducing succulent to buy is the beautiful Jade Plant. The expert said: “The Jade plant or Crassula ovata is very easy to care for succulent with fleshy, oval-shaped leaves that grow from its thick stems. “Native to South Africa, the Jade plant is a popular indoor plant that will thrive in a sunny spot of your home or office. “They are said to bring good luck to their owners, making them a great housewarming gift.” DON'T MISS...Paracetamol side effects: The warning toilet signs [INFORMER]Dementia: The smelly sign that may 'precede' memory loss by 10 years [INSIGHT]Houseplants: How to keep plant leaves ‘healthy’ and thriving [EXPLAINER] The ZZ Plant is an eye-catching architectural plant with waxy, dark green, oval-shaped leaves attached to its elegant, arching stems. James said: “It is an easy-care plant, as it is drought tolerant and can cope well in a range of light conditions, including the light shade. “One of our most popular plants, it can also be quick growing, so a great low-stress way to have a high impact plant in your bedroom. “Studies suggest it is a great way to help remove Xylene from the air, used in things such as cleaning agents, paint thinner, varnish, even Shellac!” The Peace Lily is an extremely popular plant with glossy deep green leaves and piercing white flowers that rise above the foliage. James said: “Peace lilies are relatively easy to look after and will make a calming impact in your home. “Native to the steamy jungles of Bolivia, peace lilies will thrive in bright indirect light or light shade and high humidity. “Studies have shown that the Peace Lily can increase room humidity by up to five percent which is great for breathing while asleep.”