Mohamed Salah's precarious-looking Liverpool future has seen him linked with clubs across the continent for the past year with his contract running out in 18 months. It has been claimed Salah would be happy to stay in England with Premier League rivals Manchester City and Chelsea two of the very few clubs capable of attracting the Egyptian but their chances of signing the player this summer have been shot down because Liverpool would 'never sell' to a Premier League rival, per new reports. Salah signed a new contract in July 2018 to take him through to the summer of 2023. This saw him become one of the club's top earners after his superb debut year at Anfield resulted in a Champions League final and a top-four finish. But after years of individual success - including being the Premier League's top scorer for two of his five seasons, with a third likely by the end of the current campaign - a deal has yet to be agreed for the 29-year-old. Salah had been linked with Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid in the past due to the financial power of the elite duo. And the The Guardian have said he would be happy to stay in England if he is to leave Liverpool. City and Chelsea are the only other English teams alongside the Reds currently capable of challenging for the biggest prizes. However, their chances of signing the Egyptian - at least this summer - have taken a hit after reports stated that Liverpool would never sell to a Premier League rival. That's according to The Athletic who also state that Salah feels he does not have a contract reflecting his status as one of the world's best players. The former Chelsea forward is currently not keen on moving elsewhere but Liverpool may look to sell him this summer if he refuses to sign a new deal, to avoid losing him for free in 2023. But if that happens, he will not be joining one of their direct Premier League rivals it appears. Salah, who is on around £200,000-per-week at Anfield, is said to be asking for a contract increase given that stars such as City's Jack Grealish are on £300,000-per-week. Salah is by far and away the top scorer in the Premier League but is not paid in the same region of the league's highest earners. Liverpool are prepared to make him the highest-paid player in the club's history in a bid to keep him at the club in front of the adoring Anfield faithful. And it remains to be seen if an agreement will be struck for him to stay, though he will not be joining another English club this summer. Klopp gave an update on the injury Salah suffered in the 2-0 win over Brighton on Saturday. “We will see,” the Reds boss said. "He thinks it’s not serious but you can see when Mo Salah is sitting down then something is not 100 per cent right. "I think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and got blocked – he wanted to shoot and got blocked and I think the foot got slightly overstretched. We have to see.” 