ITV viewers were left disappointed following the season four finale of Unforgotten, which aired in February last year as they watched as DCI Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker) was taken into hospital after she was involved in a car crash. Despite doctors explaining she would make a full recovery, it was later revealed that she had a serious brain injury which meant she wouldn’t wake up and her life support was turned off. The season ended with Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) laying flowers by Cassie's grave which read: "Mother, daughter, copper." Fans were left gutted by the actress’ departure, although, ITV bosses have now revealed who will replace Cassie in the hit drama. In the upcoming series, Sinéad Keenan will work alongside Sunny Khan and will play DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James. Speaking about taking on the new role, Sinéad said: “I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team." READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera She continued: “I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!” Executive producer, Chris Lang went on to discuss how the fifth series will begin a new journey for Sunny and the team. He admitted the change of cast is a “scary” prospect for both the actors and crew. “And so it begins, a new Unforgotten journey, and it’s scary, for Sunny and the Bishop Street team, for the audience, for all of us,” Chris explained. The executive producer added: “But it’s also very, very, exciting, and I cannot wait for you to meet DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James, played by the always brilliant, Sinéad Keenan.” The release date of season five hasn't been confirmed just yet, but bosses have revealed what viewers can expect from DCI James' arrival. The new series opens with the clock ticking down to Jess' first day in her new job with an unforeseen and devastating introduction to her family life. Determined to make a good first impression with her new colleagues, will Jess be in the right frame of mind to deliver and inspire the team? DONT MISS...Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dads health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [CAST]Linda Robson brands Loose Women co-star 'miserable cow' [VIDEO] It quickly becomes clear to the detective that she has big shoes to fill as Cassie's replacement, the question is, has she got what it takes to succeed? And more importantly, will the ghost of the much-loved former colleague haunt her? Jess' first case is the discovery of human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith, London. But how long have they been there and is this a murder dating back to the 1930s or has the body been disposed of in more recent times? As the murder mystery unfolds, Jess and Sunny will explore the lives of characters Jay (Rhys Yates), Bele (Martina Laird), Tony (Ian McElhinney) and Karol (Max Rinehart). The ITV drama will also see the return of DS Murray Boulting (Jordan Long) and DC Fran Lingley (Carolina Main). Georgia Mackenzie will also be reprising her role as pathologist Dr Leanne Balcombe, Michelle Bonnard as Sunny’s partner, Sal and Pippa Nixon as DC Kaz Willets. Speaking on behalf of Mainstreet Pictures, Laura Mackie and Sally Haynes said: "It’s a new era for Unforgotten and we’re delighted that the brilliant Sinéad Keenan is joining Sanjeev Bhaskar to head up another gripping and emotional investigation.” Season 1-4 of Unforgotten is available to watch on Britbox.