In June, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry welcomed their second child, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. Nicknamed ‘Lili’, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex named their daughter after the Queen’s own childhood nickname, Lilibet, which stemmed from her not being able to pronounce her own name when she was very young. Despite being named after Her Majesty, Lilibet is yet to meet her great-grandmother. The Sussexes live in Montecito, California — over 5,000 miles away from Windsor Castle, where the monarch now resides. Meghan and Harry have not been in the UK together since their exit from the Royal Family two years ago. While Archie, two, has not returned since the move, Lilibet has never visited her father’s home country. Princess Eugenie is the only member of the Royal Family who has been to see the Sussexes in the US. JUST IN: Prince Charles gets political as he meets Ukrainians after extraordinary Putin attack It is believed that other members of the family have met Lilibet via video call, including the Queen. However, there is no certainty over whether Harry and Meghan will return to the UK with their children. Dylan Howard, author of Royals At War, told Channel 5 documentary ‘Harry & Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, released last week, that Lilibet is unlikely to visit the UK and meet the Queen in person in the near future. He said: “The chances of the newborn reaching England in the foreseeable future is next to zero. “And one must sympathise with the Queen. That’s disheartening and heartbreaking.” Richard Kay, royal expert and columnist, questioned how close Harry and Meghan are to the Royal Family. He told the documentary: “Increasingly, one wonders how much influence the Royal Family will even have. “The royals are going to become distant relatives, I suspect.” Harry has returned to the UK once since Lilibet was born ‒ to unveil a statue of his mother Princess Diana in the gardens of Kensington Palace. DON’T MISS'Royal-trashing whine-a-thon' Piers Morgan reiterates Meghan Markle rant a year to the day [LATEST]Prince Harry warned over Platinum Jubilee celebration decision with Queen: ‘May regret it’ [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] It is understood that the Duke would like to bring his wife and children to his home country, but does not currently “feel safe” to do so. Harry filed a claim for a judicial review against a Home Office decision not to allow him to personally pay for police protection for himself and his family while in the UK. Regarding their security provisions, a statement from the legal representative for the Duke read: “The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. “With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk. “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed while in the UK. “In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home.” Royal author Brian Hoey told the Express.co.uk that the Queen is “desperate” to meet Lilibet in person. He said: "I have heard from people I know within the royal household, she really would desperately like to see the baby in this way. "I think she would love to, I wonder whether it is going to happen, I would love to think it could.” Later this month, the Queen and other members of the Royal Family will attend a service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. The Daily Mirror’s royal photographer, Ian Vogler, told last week's episode of the Pod Save The Queen podcast that the Duke of Sussex is “sure” to return for his grandfather’s memorial service. However, it remains unclear whether Harry will return and whether his wife and children will be joining him. Later in the year, the Queen will be celebrating her Platinum Jubilee with huge celebrations between June 2 and June 5. Prince Harry was expected to return for this milestone also, but unless his row with the Home Office has been resolved, it is possible he may not.