Moon Knight is just around the corner and Disney Plus viewers are excited to see the Marvel character brought to life on the small screen. The TV miniseries will run for six episodes until May 4, and it is the fourth phase of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Also known as Marc Spector, Moon Knight has dissociative identity disorder or multiple personality disorder. He becomes the conduit for the Egyptian moon god Khonshu. Oscar Isaac plays the character and he was keen for his multiple characters to have different accents. The star said he enjoyed exploring Spector's complex mind. Isaac is a 43-year-old American actor and father-of-two, who has previously starred in Sucker Punch, Big Gold Brick and Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Speaking about his new role he told NME: “This is a first for the MCU, where the story itself is about a person and their DID." READ MORE: Moon Knight release date and time just around the corner for Disney+ Arthur is Moon Knight's enemy in the series and he is a cult leader associated with a different god, Ammit. He taunts Spector to embrace his inner dark side and acts as the devil on his shoulder. The character is played by Ethan Hawke, a 51-year-old American actor best known for his roles in the Before trilogy. His recent credits include The Good Lord Bird and Batwheels. The star said he was apprehensive about doing a superhero project because he wasn't sure he was the kind of actor who excels in the superhero world. Layla is an archaeologist and adventurer from Spector's past, and they do not always see eye to eye. However, they are forced to work together to save the world from danger. Layla is played by May Calamawy, an Egyptian actress known for playing Dena Hassan in the Hulu series Ramy. She has also starred in episodes of The Brave and FBI.  Khonshu is the Egyptian moon god who is seen as an outcast and wants revenge. He is voiced by F. Murray Abraham, an American actor who played Antonio Salieri in the drama film Amadeus. DON'T MISS... What comics do you need to read ahead of the new Moon Knight TV show [INSIGHT] Moon Knight’s Oscar Isaac slaps down accent backlash [DISCUSSION] Moon Knight has a subtle connection to a new Marvel hero [INSIGHT]   Also known as Anton Mogart, Midnight Man is a costumed criminal who steals manuscripts and sacred artworks. He is one of Moon Knight's enemies in the series and is played by Gaspard Ulliel. The 37-year-old actor is known for playing fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent in the biopic Saint Laurent.  Donna is a co-worker of Steven Grant, one of Moon Knight's many identities. She is played by Lucy Thackeray, an actress and writer who has previously starred in Hatton Garden and The Dumping Ground.  Taweret is an Egyptian goddess in the series and she is played by Antonia Salib. Antonia has starred in The Play That Goes Wrong on the West End. Elias Spector is Marc's father and he is played by Rey Lucas. Rey is known for his roles in The First, Luke Cage and Orange is the New Black. Wendy is Marc's mother and she is played by Fernanda Andrade. The Brazilian actress and producer is known for The Devil Inside and Sons of Anarchy. Moon Knight airs on Disney Plus from March 30. 