John Ciorciari, associate professor of public policy and director of the Weiser Diplomacy Centre, told Express.co.uk Putin has managed to “shatter the myth” around him, losing his infallibility as a “grand chess master”. He added Putin “appears quite isolated from his senior advisors and military leaders”, which is “a dangerous place to be” when waging a slow and torturous war effort. Pictures have emerged of the Russian leader holding meetings in Moscow on one end of what body language expert Allan Pease called an "absurdly long table" for a "paranoid" Putin. He added: "He's a guy who is keeping everyone at a distance." But the sluggish progress of the Russian invasion of Ukraine has bred discontent within the state security service, the FSB, a source inside the agency has claimed this week. They said the mounting pressure within the FSB threatened Putin’s decades-long leadership of the Kremlin. Professor Ciorciari contended that the way Putin has handled the invasion, “whether he is motivated by paranoia, illness, or simply a thirst for conquest, he has invited catastrophe for his people and possibly also for himself”. Vladimir Osechkin, who is at the top of Russia’s most wanted list for his work on prison abuse scandals, said his source within the security service indicated resentment could reach boiling point any day now. Reports have suggested Putin laid the blame for the incredibly slow pace of the invasion at the FSB’s door. Mr Osechkin said: “For 20 years Putin created stability in Russia. READ MORE: 'Butcher of Mariupol' demands own soldiers' EARS cut off “FSB officers, policemen, state prosecutors — those people inside the system — were able to live good lives.” This has changed with the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Mr Osechkin said. He added: “For every week and every month that this war continues, the possibility of a rebellion by those in the security services increases.” Mr Osechkin described how the lifestyle of FSB officers - historically more moneyed than the average Russian citizen’s - has suffered as the invasion drags on. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Uncomfortable truth' EU shackles laid bare [LIVE] EU Summit: Bloc on brink of huge row over energy prices [REPORT]NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [MAP] A number of FSB agents have been unable to travel to other homes or “take their kids to Disneyland Paris”, he added. In conjunction with crippling Western sanctions on Russia, the value of the rouble has plunged and FSB agents don’t want to “go back to the Soviet Union”. Mr Osechkin said the whistleblower went by the handle “wearenotallsadists” and first reached out in October 2021. This follows reports that FSB chief and Putin confidant Alexander Bortnikov is being prepared to succeed Putin in an FSB-backed coup. In a social media post, the Ukrainian Ministry of Defence claimed “Russia’s elite is considering removing Putin”, adding the provocative tagline of “poisoning, sudden illness, accident”. The post claimed that a circle of “influential people” sought to “restore economic ties with the West” by removing Putin “from power as soon as possible”. It added the war in Ukraine had “destroyed” these economic bonds crucial for Russia’s prosperity. They alleged Alexander Vasilyevich Bortnikov, who runs the Federal Security Service, would be the one who took the reins from Putin. Putin himself is a former intelligence officer for the KGB, and rose to the head of the FSB, which was formed from the KGB. The Ukrainian Chief Directorate of Intelligence added the president had blamed Bortnikov for “fatal miscalculations”. They said: “Bortnikov and his department were responsible for analysing the mood of the population of Ukraine and the capacity of the Ukrainian army.” Dr Adam Casey, of the Weiser Center for Emerging Democracies at the University of Michigan, has said the chances of a coup taking down Vladimir Putin are much more likely than they were even a month ago. However, he said it would be a tall order to topple Putin, as a coup is something he has spent years building a defence for. He said: "The Russian military is not performing in the war in the way that most people expected, and it's doing quite poorly overall.” Dr Casey told Insider: “He's spent a lot of time and effort designing the Russian security apparatus in a way that sort of makes him relatively invulnerable to coups." But, he added: "Things that have motivated coups in other places are present.”