Roman Abramovich has revealed he’s put Chelsea up for sale after a 19-year spell in charge of the Premier League side. The Russian was ambitious upon taking over back in 2003. And he’s certainly made a big impact on English football in the years since. On Wednesday, Abramovich released a statement confirming his time at Chelsea would soon be over. “I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interests at heart,” he said. “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club,  fans, employees, as well as  sponsors and partners.” It is the end of an era over in west London, with Abramovich transforming the Blues into an English and European superpower. They’ve won five Premier League titles over the last two decades under the likes of Jose Mourinho, Carlo Ancelotti and Antonio Conte. And they’ve also gone on to claim the Champions League twice, in 2012 and 2021 respectively. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz One thing Abramovich has become famous for throughout his time in charge is sacking managers. Whether it’s A-listers such as Mourinho or Ancelotti, or the likes of Roberto Di Matteo and Luiz Felipe Scolari, the Russian has never shied away from making a big decision. And Didier Drogba previously revealed a conversation where he confronted Abramovich over his trigger-happy nature. Speaking in 2017, the Ivory Coast international said: “Everyone says Chelsea isn’t very stable. “But in modern-day football, there is no coach who lasts more than three or four years at a club. “I asked him [Abramovich]: ‘We have had how many managers in how many seasons?’ DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “He replied: ‘But Didier, each time I have done it, we have got results’.” Savage. Abramovich never felt a need to justify his decisions because, in all fairness, Chelsea normally improved after each managerial sacking. Nobody has ever been truly safe at Stamford Bridge, however, with many bosses coming and going over the years. Claudio Ranieri was the man in charge when Abramovich first took over in 2003. However, the Italian was axed 12 months later after four years in the position having failed to stop Arsenal from winning the Premier League title. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Mourinho won two league crowns during his first spell in charge before he was replaced with Avram Grant in September 2007. Grant steered the Blues to the Champions League final in 2008, where they’d lose to Manchester United, with Scolari then named as his replacement. Scolari couldn’t get good results, however, was Guus Hiddink then came in as interim boss for the end of the 2008/2009 season. Ancelotti won the double in his first year in west London but was axed in 2011 after missing out on the league title. Chelsea took a punt with Andre Villas-Boas but he was never good enough, with Di Matteo winning the Champions League prior to his own dismissal in November 2012. After a turbulent spell under Rafa Benitez, Abramovich brought Mourinho back in 2013. He won the league title in 2015 yet lost his job that same year after falling out with many key figures behind the scenes. Conte claimed the crown in 2016, as well as the FA Cup the following year, before he was axed. Maurizio Sarri and Frank Lampard then followed, with neither able to transform the Blues into genuine title contenders. And Chelsea are currently managed by Thomas Tuchel, who has been in charge since arriving from Paris Saint-Germain in January last year.