Liverpool are interested in emulating their January transfer coup by signing FC Porto winger Luis Diaz this summer, according to Portuguese reports. Jurgen Klopp is eyeing another of the Primeira Liga's biggest prospects, Benfica sensation Darwin Nunez. Liverpool hijacked Tottenham Hotspur's pursuit of Diaz in the winter transfer window, securing his services in a £37million deal. And the 25-year-old winger has made a dazzling start to life on Merseyside, starting four of Liverpool's seven games since his arrival. He already has silverware to his name, too, impressing viewers with a lively performance in Sunday's Carabao Cup final triumph over Chelsea. Diaz has caught the eye with his impact so much that Klopp could return to the Portuguese top-flight to bolster his attack further this summer. JUST IN: When is the FA Cup quarter-final draw? Liverpool, Chelsea ball numbers Wednesday's O Jogo claimed Liverpool are interested in Benfica's star striker, Nunez, ahead of the summer transfer window. But it's reported that the Reds would have to cough up more than what they paid for Porto's Colombian star man at the start of the year. Benfica's valuation of Nunez is 'not low', with the Primeira Liga giants likely to demand at least £54million (€65m) for his services. In his current contract, the 22-year-old has a £125m (€150m) release clause, meaning the ball is firmly in Benfica's court in negotiations. READ MORE: Chelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale Liverpool could potentially face heavyweight competition for Nunez's signature, too, with the Uruguayan also linked with bitter rivals Manchester United. Interim manager Ralf Rangnick has stated it's 'obvious' United need a new striker ahead of the 2022/23 season, with Edinson Cavani out of contract in June. And, according to the Independent, the Red Devils hold a 'tentative interest' in the potential heir to Cavani's throne in his homeland Uruguay. It's no surprise Nunez is attracting serious interest given his prolific antics in front of goal this term. The young frontman has netted 20 goals in as many league appearances and scored three times in Benfica's Champions League campaign so far. Such antics have proven he's got what it takes at the top level, with two of them coming in a 3-0 win against Barcelona and the other against Bayern Munich. And with murmurs growing regarding interest from these shores, he could very well be plying his trade in the Premier League next season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.