Maria Zakharova launched into a huge rant against Dominic Waghorn after he asked if Russia is lying about what they are targetting following airstrikes on residential buildings. He asked: "We've seen one civilian building hit, residential blocks, Freedom Square in Kharkiv and local government buildings and we've seen mounting numbers of civilian casualties. Are you soldiers just bad at targetting or are you actually lying about this?" She replied: "If you're going to ask a question in the same tone, I'm not going to speak to you. "You can ask these questions to your British politicians but here you should behave properly. "If you can't do that, you shouldn't be a journalist. "Do you understand me? I also studied in the faculty of information and I know how you should pose questions when you want to put your position into that. READ MORE: Nuclear war fears as Putin's 'doomsday plane' scrambled above Moscow "I would like to point your question to the fact that from the very beginning the ministry of defence is targetting the military infrastructure as minister Lavrov stated today. "It's true that there are victims among armed forces and civilians but it is surprising that you are asking this question. "You are a representative of a country that so many years for decades has been waging a bloodshed war in countries that don't have a common border with you." Russian forces appear to have become more aggressive in their targeting of infrastructure inside Kyiv, which has seen an increase of missile and artillery strikes, as well as throughout the country, a senior US official said on Wednesday. After nearly a week, Russia has yet to achieve its aim of overthrowing Ukraine's government and its claims to have taken a first city were disputed by Ukraine and Washington. But the war's toll is increasingly dealing a heavy blow to civilians, with Ukrainian authorities estimating more than 2,000 civilians killed so far as Russian strikes destroy hospitals, schools and homes. "We've observed, certainly as you have all observed, an increase in missiles and artillery that (is) targeting the city and this (increasing) aggressiveness in terms of just the iron that they're lobbing into the city," the official said. After failing to swiftly take major cities and to subdue Ukraine's military, US officials have said for days that they believe that Russia will move toward shifting its strategy to encircling cities, cutting off supply and escape routes, then attacking with a combined force of armor, ground troops and engineers. DON'T MISS 'Vast majority' of Putin's troops still poised [INSIGHT]Boris begged to lift fracking ban as UK to hand Putin £2bn [ANALYSIS]Nuclear war fears as Putin's 'doomsday plane' scrambled above Moscow [VIDEO] The most intensive bombardment has struck Kharkiv, a city of 1.5 million people in the east, whose center has been turned into a bombed-out wasteland of ruined buildings and debris. The official stopped short of directly accusing Russian troops of specifically targeting civilians. "The worry is that as they become more aggressive, they will become less precise and less discriminant," the official said. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Wednesday that he believed the actions of Russian President Vladimir Putin toward Ukraine already qualified as a war crime.