The highly anticipated fantasy prequel will explore the legacy of House Targaryen from George RR Martin’s hugely successful A Song Of Ice and Fire series. Set centuries before the events of Game of Thrones, House of the Dragon will introduce a brand new cast of heroes and villains and reveal more about the immersive world of Westeros when it drops on HBO and Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK later this year. Game of Thrones’ first spin-off will premiere on August 21, 2022, HBO has confirmed. Set 300 years before the original fantasy drama, House of the Dragon will trace the lineage of the Targaryens, led by Paddy Considine’s King Viserys. The British star will be joined by a cast of other major names, including Matt Smith, Olivia Cooke, Rhys Ifans and Emma D’Arcy. After production began in April last year, Game of Thrones fans have just a few short months before the saga continues this summer. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Fans have also been given another closer look at the cast as HBO has released a new set of high-definition stills to tease the series. Luckily, UK fans won’t have long to wait as Sky Atlantic and NOW have both confirmed the series will premiere the next day, on Monday, August 22. As House of the Dragon is an HBO series, new episodes will most likely roll out weekly rather than dropping to streamers all at once. The series will be available in other Sky markets on the same day, including Ireland, Italy, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. To mark the release date finally being revealed, HBO released a new poster for the series showcasing a dragon’s egg about to hatch. Game of Thrones fans were thrilled by the news and hoped the latest update means another trailer could also be released over the next few days. On Reddit, LoretiTV said: “Can't wait to see more of the Targaryens and this world. “I don't care what anyone says, I'm hyped for this and have no doubt this will shatter premiere ratings for HBO.” DON'T MISS:Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo [VIDEO]NCIS fans rejoice as series confirms Kasie Hines romance [REACTION]The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star pays tribute to crew member [INSIGHT] The world of Westeros has had a mixed reception as of late, largely thanks to the highly divisive eighth and final season of the original Game of Thrones series. Hopefully, House of the Dragon will put the franchise back on track, and fans think the release date is a good sign HBO believes they have another hit on their hands. Redditor magikarpcatcher said: “Two weeks before Amazon's Lord of the Rings TV series. Smart move from HBO.” To which Stonewalled89 replied: “HBO must be really confident in the show if that's the case, a good sign hopefully.” “They were always going to be compared to each other anyway but by releasing them so close to each other it's inevitable that there will be constant comparisons.” Amazon Prime Video has confirmed Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will debut this September 2. With two huge fantasy projects battling it out for viewers’ attention later this year, will House of the Dragon prove another smash hit for HBO? House of the Dragon premieres Sunday, August 21 on HBO in the USA and Monday, August 22 on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.