According to the US Geological Survey, the magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurred at a depth of around 6 miles as the result of seismic movement along a low-angle thrust fault either on or near the boundary between the Australian and Pacific tectonic plates. They said: “Focal mechanism solutions indicate the earthquake occurred on either a shallow dipping fault striking to the northwest or on a steeply dipping fault striking to the southeast.” At the focus of the seismic activity, the Australian plate is converging with its Pacific counterpart at a rate of around 2.87 inches each year, with the former sinking under the latter to form the so-called New Hebrides/Vanuatu subduction zone. The USGS added: “While commonly plotted as points on maps, earthquakes of this size are more appropriately described as ‘slip over a larger fault area’. Earthquake [ruptures] of this size are typically about 40x20 kilometres [24 miles long by 12 miles wide].”   Experts at the US Geological Survey explained that the Loyalty Islands region is very active seismically. They added: “The region within 250 km of [today’s] earthquake has hosted 19 other M 7+ earthquakes over the preceding century. “The largest prior events were an M7.7 on February 10, 2021, and an M 7.7 earthquake on May 16, 1995. “Because of their remote locations, earthquakes in this region are less likely to create strong shaking in populated areas.” READ MORE: ‘Apocalyptic’ blaze on island once home to WW2 germ warfare test A tsunami — the name comes from the Japanese for “harbour wave” — is a series of waves in a water body caused by the displacement of a large volume of water. They typically originate from submarine landslides triggered by seismic activity, however they can also result from underwater volcanic eruptions, explosions, glacier calvings or meteorite impacts. Initially, tsunamis often appear to resemble more a rapidly rising tide than a breaking wave — leading to their other common name of ‘tidal waves’. In larger tsunami events, waves can reach dozens of feet high, and while their impact is confined to coastal areas, they can still have enormous destructive power. DON'T MISS:Price of goods set to soar up to 75% as EU unleashes new green tax [ANALYSIS]Russia issues threat as NASA astronaut to leave ISS: ‘We can fight' [REPORT]Putin panics as Nigeria offers to plug EU’s Russian supply gap [INSIGHT] The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, for example, is estimated to have killed more than 230,000 people across 14 separate countries. Given the destructive power of tsunamis, there have been many military-minded studies into the potential to trigger tidal waves on demand as a form of tectonic weapon. During World War 2, for example, the New Zealand Military Forces initiated their “Project Seal” — as part of which, they endeavoured to generate small-scale tsunamis off of the coast of the Whangaparaoa Peninsula, north of Auckland City. Following 3,700 test explosions over the course of seven months of experimentation, scientists concluded that a line of 4,400,000 lbs of explosives placed some 5 miles off an enemy coastline would be able to generate a destructive wave. However, Project Seal, which was declassified in 1999, was never realised in practice. 