Nick Kyrgios has issued an apologetic statement on social media after almost hitting a ball kid with his racket after suffering defeat against Rafael Nadal on Friday. The combustible Aussie showcased his fiery persona through their quarter-final clash at Indian Wells, but his hot temper almost led to disaster. Kyrgios hadn't dropped a set on his way to the last eight but fell to a 6-7 7-5 4-6 loss against the 21-time Grand Slam champion. During the match, he unleashed his anger on his racket, the umpire and hecklers in the crowd, at one stage using Hollywood actor Ben Stiller, present in the crowd, to prove a point. But after shaking the umpire's hand following the tense battle, Kyrgios laid waste to another racket, aggressively hurling it towards the ground. But instead of clattering, it bounced up and rocketed towards a ball boy, who had to dodge to prevent getting hit instinctively. His dangerous actions prompted mass criticism, but afterwards, Kyrgios showed little sympathy for the ball boy. He told reporters: "What would you like me to say about it? Obviously, was that my intention? No. Because I threw the racket. Did I throw the racket anywhere near him originally? It landed a meter from my foot and skidded, and nearly hit him. JUST IN: Nadal demands ATP response as Kyrgios nearly hits ball kid with racket "I'm human. Things happen like that. Obviously, it was a very misfortunate bounce. I think if I did that a million times over, it wouldn't have gone that way. And what do you want me to say? It was three meters away from the kid. That's a question you're going to say after a three-hour battle against Nadal? That's what you come here with?" After his confrontational response in the press conference, Kyrgios took to his Instagram to make it clear he was sorry about the incident. And the Australian asked for help finding the ball boy so he could apologise appropriately in person. He wrote: "Hey guys. I just want to apologise to that ball kid at the end of the match! It was a complete accident, and I was frustrated at the end of the match. My racket took a crazy bounce, and it was never my intention. If anyone knows who that ball kid is, send me a message, and I will send a racket to him. I'm glad he is ok!" READ MORE: Nick Kyrgios smashes racket and punches board in anger in Nadal clash Kyrgios successfully tracked the ball boy down and managed to have a conversation with him on Instagram. He screenshotted his chat with Tei Park and captioned a post on his story, "Got a new friend in the process", to clarify there was no trouble between the two. "Hi! Thanks for reaching out; I'm completely fine," Park responded. "I would love to get a racket! Of course, I accept the apology. I'll be back at the courts tomorrow." And after Kyrgios explained himself further and told him he'd see him tomorrow, Park replied: "Perfect. Thank you so much!" Despite Kygrios' peace offering with the ball boy, his opponent, Nadal, called for the ATP to act before 'something major happens'. After progressing to the semi-finals, he said: "These situations are happening more and more often. The ATP should put a stop to this. Otherwise sooner or later something major will happen."