People are starting to gather at Westminster Abbey for the memorial service of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. As well as several members of the Royal Family, the memorial service is also being attended by several members of Prince Philip's extended family. The BBC counted 51 members of the Duke's family are visiting for the Service of Thanksgiving today.  Philip was born a Prince of Greece and Denmark, and his extended family spans across Europe. Several attendees represent the Greek, Danish and German branches of Philip's extended family. The Hereditary Prince and Princess of Baden are attending the service today, with the Prince being Philip's great-nephew. His grandmother, Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark, was Philip's second eldest sister.  READ MORE: Queen gave Camilla Queen title to stop Harry from 'harming' her The Prince of Baden was invited to Prince Philip's funeral last year, and he is now seated in the front row for Philip's memorial. Donatus, Prince and Landgrave of Hesse is also in attendance, and he is a distance cousin of the late Duke of Edinburgh. Donatus was also invited to the Duke's funeral last year, and he represents the families of Philip's two sisters Sophie and Cecilie, who married into the Hesse family. Philipp, Prince and Princess of Hohenlohe-Langenburg are also seated in Westminster Abbey for the poignant service.   Prince Philipp is one of the Duke of Edinburgh's great-nephews from Germany, as he is the grandson of Philip's sister Margarita. Philipp was invited to Philip's funeral last year, stating: "It really is an incredible honour and we are all extremely touched and privileged to be included on behalf of the wider family" Countess Mountbatten of Burma, Penelope Knatchbull, was seen in the front row for the service as well. The Countess was a close friend of the Duke, and she participated in carriage driving competitions with him.  Many of the Queen's cousins, the Kents, are in attendance at the Abbey service today. The Duke of Kent has arrived, as has Prince and Princess Michael of Kent. The Duke of Kent, Duke of Gloucester and Princess Alexandra attended Prince Philip's funeral last year. 