The group is reportedly made up of mostly former soldiers, with one members insisting stopping "war crimes" was the main motivation for their decision to head to Ukraine. Russia has been repeatedly accused of bombing civilian targets and violating a ceasefire by shooting at civilians seeking to escape their country via humanitarian routes. The former soldiers won over the praise of social media, with former footballer Gary Lineker writing on Twitter: "Good luck to these brave British lads." Speaking to Radio Free Europe, one of the soldiers said: "My name is Jack, I'm from England. We're here to help stop the invasion of Ukraine. Hopefully, we'll win. "Most of us are ex-military so we're all very-well trained. "The motivation is obviously the war crimes being committed shouldn't be committed. "Bombing civilian targets, executing civilians, raping females, it shouldn't happen and it needs to be stopped." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she "absolutely" supported individuals planning to volunteer for Ukraine's defence league against Russia. But Number 10 distanced itself from Ms Truss as they urged Britons not to head to Ukraine to fight, warning it would contravene standing travel advice. And the Chief of Defence Staff Admiral Sir Tony Radakin delivered a clear rebut to the Foreign Secretary on Sunday. Admiral Sir Tony said: "We’ve been very clear that it’s unlawful as well as unhelpful for UK military and for the UK population to start going towards Ukraine in that sense. READ MORE: Praying for peace in the middle of a savage, brutal war - JOHN MARONE “Support from the UK, support in whatever way you can. But this isn’t really something that you want to rush to in terms of the sound of gunfire. "This is about sensible support based in the UK.” Asked specifically about Ms Truss' comments, the defence chief said: "I think she was reflecting (that) she could and that we can all understand that sentiment, and that sentiment needs to be channelled into support for Ukraine. “But we’re saying as professional military people that actually that is not necessarily the sensible thing to be doing.” DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [BLOG] Several Britons were last week spotted outside the Ukrainian Embassy in Notting Hill to share their details and confirm their availability to fight. However, political analysts have claimed intervention by foreign soldiers, whether still serving or retired, could be interpreted as an act of war by Moscow. Russia has maintained they are not conducting a war against Ukraine but a "special operation" to "denazify" its neighbour. President Volodymyr Zelensky has welcomed the support of Western allies to Ukraine but has repeatedly urged for the implementation of a no-fly zone to prevent Russian planes bombing civilians. A no-fly zone would see Russia Air Force jets shot down in what many warned would be a dangerous escalation.