Kate Middleton and Prince William arrived in Belize just yesterday to kick off their Caribbean tour, before travelling to Jamaica and the Bahamas. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Judi James about the couple's power dynamic and how Kate serves as an anchor for her husband as he navigates increased royal responsibilities. Judi began: “This is such an important tour for the Cambridges and the weight of that responsibility appears to rest heavily on William’s shoulders, with his intensified checking and self-comfort rituals suggesting high levels of inner anxiety.” With his grandmother turning 96-years-old in one month, commemorating her Platinum Jubilee must conjure up feelings and possibly worries about his own future and increased responsibility. As second in line to the UK throne, it is unsurprising that the future King was seen “touching and unnecessarily adjusting his jacket and his tie” as he came off the plane. “Walking towards the hosts he kept his hand in place over his stomach area in what is a barrier signal that suggests a desire to feel safe, and when he stood alongside those hosts that waist-covering gesture converted to a fig-leaf hand pose that would also hint at feelings of low self-confidence and wariness.” READ MORE: 'Rather un-royal': Princess Eugenie's body language is 'carefree'  And this was not the first time Prince William exhibited such a gesture. At Prince Charles’ wedding to Camilla Parker-Bowles in 2005, the Prince was seen using the same subconscious hand gesture in an official photograph. The need to “self-defend” as he navigates new territory is just as evident in Belize, suggested Judi. She continued: “William’s rituals suggest a very laudable, deep desire to get things right on this tour. He will be aware the eyes of the world are on him, including certain pairs of eyes in the US. DON'T MISS “It will be impossible to avoid seeing him in a dress rehearsal for his future role as King and for comparisons to be made between himself and the Queen, who has taken these tours before.” An important stop on the Commonwealth tour, Queen Elizabeth II has visited the Caribbean several times; her first visit was in 1953, her Coronation year, and she returned in 1966, 1975, 1977, twice in the 1980s, once in the 1990s, often visiting different countries each time. Her Majesty’s final visit to the Caribbean was to Trinidad and Tobago and Bermuda, in 2009, at 83-years-old. But while Prince William’s body language is suggestive of trepidation and even mild discomfort at the thought of making some sort of faux pas, his wife had quite the opposite demeanour. In fact, she not only appeared confident within herself, she was a vessel for William to develop his own confidence and access emotional support. Judi stated: “It is fascinating to see how Kate’s assertive and confidence levels have grown to the point where we see this very elegant and quite commanding woman, not just standing alongside her husband but also appearing to be on hand to offer subtle signals of support and reassurance to boost him during any less confident moments. “With her small bag held down at one side and both arms down at her sides, Kate’s pose reflects super-confidence here.” In direct contrast to the Prince, her body language was more receptive and open. In an intimate moment between the pair, “it was telling that she quickly chatted to her rather tense-looking husband as they stepped out of the plane and her smiles and admiring eye contact look aimed at relaxing him”. As they walked from their car Kate strode ahead purposefully while William “looks more concerned to hike his trousers in an act of distraction”. Kate and William’s relationship became public almost two decades ago in 2004, and with the pair marrying in 2011, the Duchess of Cambridge is well versed in how to navigate the Firm and her place within it. Judi concluded: “Kate seems to have very smartly positioned herself in the role of one half of a very successful and popular double act with William here, with no attempt to upstage him via her fashion choices and her body language. “She seems to be quietly acting as William’s rock while also acting as an ambassador for the royal Firm in her own right, but without attracting any of the rock-star or celebrity-style interest that has followed some of the royals around in the past.” A vision in royal blue Jenny Packham, Kate was the ultimate confident but never cocky support for Prince William.