AC Milan striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic was a special guest at Ferrari’s testing track the Fiorano Circuit - and the charismatic Swede gave a typical statement after enjoying his trip. Ibrahimovic visited to the track near Ferrari’s Maranello base to meet key figures within the team such as drivers Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. Ibrahimovic visited the team factory where he met Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto. The 40-year-old then took to the track himself to test out the new Ferrari 296 GTB, an 840HP plug-in hybrid that features a stellar V6 engine. The Swede, who has scored eight goals in 18 matches for Serie A leaders Milan, was also taken for a few laps alongside Sainz before kicking a ball around with the Spaniard. At the end of the experience, the legendary forward said: “When you buy Ibrahimovic, you buy a Ferrari.” Leclerc showed Ibrahimovic the first car with which he won a race in Formula 1 in, when the Monte Carlo-born driver claimed victory in Spa at the 2019 Belgian Grand Prix. The 24-year-old is now in his fourth season at the team after switching from Sauber. READ MORE: F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix UK start time, schedule and standings Formula 1 returned for its 2022 campaign with a thrilling opening race in Bahrain. It was an intriguing first round as Ferrari made a statement that suggested the Italian giants could be back on top while Red Bull struggled. After securing his maiden world championship in 2021, Max Verstappen competed for the race lead with Ferrari’s Leclerc. The two sensationally sparred on the track, exchanging the lead several times before the Monegasque driver held on. DON'T MISSF1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix releases statement after missile attackF1 news: Wolff hints at Hamilton and Russell clashes on the horizonMercedes boss Wolff takes swipe at Verstappen while talking up Russell Leclerc came home with a superb victory but mechanical issues affected Verstappen’s Red Bull. The Dutchman was passed by Sainz to secure a Ferrari one-two before Verstappen’s car had to be retired. Verstappen's Red Bull teammate Sergio Perez hardly fared better, with his car buckling on the final lap. Their issues meant Lewis Hamilton was able to secure an unlikely podium for octuple world champions Mercedes. The new campaign continues this weekend with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday.