Yellowstone season five is on the way to The Paramount Network and some major changes will take place. The TV series will be longer than usual, but there will be a break halfway through the season. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the schedule shake-up. Fans had to wait months for the fourth season of the Western melodrama as they expected a summer 2021 release. The series did not arrive until November, but hopefully the same will not be said for season five. It is believed the new episodes could arrive as early as this summer, but an official release date has not been announced. The fifth season will be made up of 14 episodes, which is four episodes longer than usual. However, the catch is it will be split into two parts of seven episodes each. READ MORE: 1883's Sam Elliot sparks backlash as he blasts Yellowstone It is not known how long the break between segments will be. However, it is expected that the additional episodes of the Yellowstone prequel 1883 will air during this time. Paramount Plus confirmed on February 15 that more episodes are on the way. It is not known how many new episodes will be filmed at this moment in time. Countryliving.com suspected the new instalments could air in the autumn. The Yellowstone cast have been teasing what is to come in the next season. Summer Higgins (played by Piper Perabo) joined the cast of season four and she developed a bond with John Dutton (Kevin Costner). The star who plays the environmental activist confirmed things will heat up in season five. John bailed Summer out of jail and showed her how things worked on the ranch. However, they ended up having a bit too much fun, much to the surprise of John's daughter Beth (Kelly Reilly). DON'T MISS... Sam Elliott children: Who is the Yellowstone 1883 star's famous child? [INSIGHT] Faith Hill first husband: Who was Yellowstone 1883 star married to? [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone’s Beth Dutton star admits backstory was hidden [INTERVIEW] She ended up getting Summer arrested once more, and was sentenced to 15 years. At the PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly Red Carpet, as part of the 28th Annual SAG Awards, Perabo teased: "The love story is kicking into gear on Yellowstone. "I know a lot of people watch it for the cowboys and the ranch, but I watch it for the love story. "We're turning up the heat. It's been a hard couple of years, let's turn up the heat for a minute." Filming for season five is scheduled to begin in May. With this in mind, a late summer release date could be possible. The season four finale saw Jamie Dutton (Wes Bentley) kill his biological father, Garrett Randall (Will Patton). Beth took a photo of Jamie dumping Garrett's body, which is something she will inevitably hold over him. Fans will have to see whether Jamie and Beth will reconcile in the upcoming episodes.  Yellowstone season 5 will air on The Paramount Network later in 2022.