Mr Johnson has always modelled himself on his political hero, Winston Churchill, and just like the wartime leader, the incumbent of No10 is at his best when dealing with a crisis. Brexit, Covid, and now Putin's Ukraine invasion, the Prime Minister has always stepped up to the mark when the public is in need of leadership. Less than four weeks ago, people were questioning how long Mr Johnson could possibly remain in Downing Street. Westminster was convinced the so-called Partygate scandal would finish him off. And no one was benefiting more than the Labour Party's leader. Sir Keir was ahead in polls for who the public thought would make the best Prime Minister, and Labour was leading the Tories in voting intention. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG But war in Europe looks to be the end to the Opposition's momentum. Mr Johnson has been defiant in his stance on Putin and Kremlin's aggression. He has played a leading role on the world stage in co-ordinating sanctions set to devastate the Russian economy and has been quick every step of the way to provide Ukraine with the weapons and defensive equipment it needs to protect its territory. The Prime Minister's response has been greeted with a boost in the polls. While Sir Keir continues to lead, opinion is shifting. Research by Redfield & Wilton Strategies has slashed Labour's lead over the Tories for voting intention in half over the past week, from six points to just three. DON'T MISS:Putin’s invasion 'wake up call' to 'ludicrous' climate targets [REACTION]Thousands flee Kyiv after Putin warning to 'leave or die' [INSIGHT]China joins the world in turning its back on Russia [PICTURED] Mr Johnson has also seen his personal approval rating improve with 32 percent now saying they approved of his performance, up seven points in a week. The number who disapprove has also shrunk by six points. Muck like with during Covid, on war Sir Keir will find it hard to criticise the Government. Today's PMQs is likely to be cordial and restrained as both sides aim to avoid being accused of political point-scoring. That can only help the Prime Minister. To have MPs on all sides of the House broadly in agreement with his approach to tackling Putin - even if there are minor disagreements on whether sanctions should be tougher - will paint an image of a strong leader acting in the national interest. More than two years after the last general election, Sir Keir has barely had the space to set out his priorities. With fears war could drag on for months now, he may find circumstances have squandered his chances of ever putting forward his vision for Britain.