First appearing on the BBC soap back in 1998, Martin Kemp played Steve Owen in EastEnders. His character was the son of Barbara Owen (Sheila Hancock) and the ex-husband of Mel (Tamzin Outhwaite). On Tuesday, the Spandau Ballet member appeared on This Morning with hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield who probed the actor about his recent visit to Albert Square. Martin quit the series after his contract to the show had expired, and his final scenes were aired in 2002. After being asked to see the new set for a segment on The One Show, Martin jumped at the chance. He took a tour across a much sturdier set to the one he once knew and the musician was thrilled to see the changes. However, he went on to reveal: “The last time I was there, they were glad to see the back of me.” READ MORE:Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star  When discussing the differences of the set, he told Holly: “It’s amazing. “It’s built out of bricks and mortar instead, when I was there it was plastic bricks that were flapping around in the wind. “Once I was doing a scene with Dot [Cotton] and the guy had to staple it back on, you know the bricks.” “Don’t ruin it!” Holly chuckled and Martin continued: “But it’s a weird one because you go there and you say, ‘It’s so brilliant.'"  Martin beamed: “It looks exactly the same.” “Yeah, which is what you want,” said Holly. Phillip weighed in on the discussion, saying: “So what, were you just touristing? “Yeah, well, I was invited to go down and do something for The One Show but it was a great excuse,” Martin explained. The actor appeared on the daytime show to promote his latest BBC Two programme Rock Till We Drop which he will front alongside rapper Lady Leshurr. Using their industry knowledge, the pair will form bands of incredible musicians, who just happen to be over 65. In a statement released by the BBC, it reads: “Each band will be hand-selected by the pair following an extensive search of amateur musicians across the UK. “From singers and guitarists to keyboards and drummers, the band members could be in their 70s, 80s and even 90s… DON'T MISS... Schofield hits back as guest blames Brexit for refugee crisis [LATEST]Susanna catches out Wallace over response to refugee crisis [VIDEO]Richard Madeley causes 'outrage' with 'patronising' First Lady probe [REACTION] “But in this show, age is just a number when it comes to talent.” Martin and Lady Leshur will mentor the hopeful musicians through a series of band rehearsals and trial gigs. Speaking about his new TV venture, Martin told the BBC: "I can’t wait to share that experience with the lucky few who make it into my band... who for whatever reason, their rock dreams didn’t quite happen.” Rock Till We Drop will start on Tuesday, 1 March 2022 at 9PM on BBC Two and iPlayer and will continue weekly.