England have been handed a confusing conundrum as one of their youth stars has an issue due to a British passport. The Three Lions youth star was ready to be promoted to the Under 21 side, but it's not as easy as initially anticipated. Fulham youngster Fabio Carvalho has attracted a lot of attention since coming through the youth academy, so much so that Liverpool attempted to sign him this January. The 19-year-old was picked up by London club Balham after he was released by Benfica in 2013, and quickly shipped off to Fulham after showcasing his ability in the English capital. Despite originating from Portugal, Carvalho has been representing England at youth level, and due to his rise in the Championship the Three Lions are eager to fast-track him through the ranks. But an issue has emerged as there is an issue regarding a British passport, and England could run the risk of losing him to Portugal. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp makes Man City admission after Brighton victory Carvalho was on the brink of signing for Liverpool this January and then returning back to Craven Cottage on loan, following fellow Whites youngster Harvey Elliott who made the switch back in 2019. But the deal fell through at the final hour as the deadline expired, and although fees had been agreed, a deal couldn't be completed in time. Liverpool are thought to be plotting a summer move instead, but they will face competition from elsewhere, making it no guarantee that they will sign Carvalho like they initially thought. And it could be a double blow on British soil, as Carvalho is currently blocked from representing England at a more senior level than Under-18, meaning that he could be poached by Portugal. MUST READSalah's motives questioned as Liverpool contract stand-off continuesSalah risks Liverpool fan fury as stance on joining rivals emergesLiverpool's Elliott labels himself and one team-mate as underrated According to Sky Sports, England are keen to promote Carvalho to the Under-21's, and they want to secure his long-term international future, but there is an issue. England are unable to promote him until Carvalho has passed a citizenship test to obtain a British passport, as the 19-year-old is still using a Portuguese passport. Carvalho has already represented England for Under-16 and Under-18 level, but due to rules and regulations he cannot begin to enter the senior international process with the Three Lions until he holds a UK passport. Friendly games are allowed, but competitive games are banned, but until Carvalho makes his competitive debut he is not guaranteed to represent England, leaving the door open for Portugal to swoop in. Carvalho may be Portuguese, but he was let go by Benfica in 2013, and has been given a life in football ever since he moved to England. The fact that he has represented England ever since, shows his intent and his attitude towards the country, but with the rate at which he is turning heads, it's likely that Portugal will attempt to persuade the youngster. England have already missed out on one promising youngster, as Jamal Musiala came through the ranks at Southampton and then Chelsea, and even represented the Three Lions at four different age levels. Musiala did have a UK passport, but decided to choose Germany and snub England in the process, and he has already been capped by Die Mannschaft. England will be hoping that they can get a UK passport sorted for Carvalho in the near future, but they will be sweating his loyalty after previous failures. As will Liverpool, who may live to regret not attempting to sign Carvalho earlier in the January window, should he move elsewhere in the summer.