Arsenal became known for selling their best players to rival clubs during the late 2000s and early 2010s but doing so again would cause even more catastrophic consequences. Mikel Arteta is building a team that Arsenal supporters can finally be proud of. Owner Stan Kroenke must now do his bit to prevent that from being broken up anytime soon. Arsenal have not won the Premier League title since the Invincibles season of 2003/04. They came close in 2008 but for Eduardo's horrific leg break to put psychological damage throughout Arsene Wenger's squad. But it is no surprise that since then there has barely been a title push from the Gunners, apart from the magical 2015/16 campaign where they came second behind Leicester. Wenger was forced to sell his best players and wasn't able to replace them with signings of similar stature. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has problems with six players for Inter Milan clash  The repayments of the Emirates Stadium put Arsenal back almost 20 years. There have been four FA Cup triumphs in the last nine years but league titles and Champions League runs are what Arsenal supporters crave. Wenger worked wonders to keep the club in the Champions League every season until finally dropping out for the 2017/18 campaign. Arsenal are in a great position to end this season on a high and get back into Europe's elite club competition. DON'T MISSJohn Terry mocks Frank Lampard's Everton with brutal comment on Tottenham display [SOCIAL]Manchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten Hag [QUOTES]Barcelona draw up three-man priority shortlist that would complete ridiculous XI [RUMOUR]  They are a point clear of Manchester United in fifth with three games in hand. But Arsenal will not get carried away and know full well the potential of north London rivals Tottenham to push them all the way. Perhaps it would be too early for this fledgling Arsenal side to be competing with the best in Europe again but it could be vital on a number of levels. Arsenal need to add further quality to their squad, namely up front and in midfield.  Champions League football would allow them to shop in a different market. But it would also help convince their young talent that Arsenal is the right club for them long term. Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli, both 20, and Emile Smith Rowe, 21, have been standout players for Arteta this season. Martin Odegaard is starting to come into his own but is still only 23. Goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale is also 23 with Kieran Tierney and Ben White a year older at 24.  All of those players have proven this season they have the potential to be stars in the Champions League. In the past, Arsenal had to sell the likes of Samir Nasri and Cesc Fabregas at 24. Arguably letting Saka or Smith Rowe would hit fans harder than the departures of Nasri and Fabregas. Saka's future is the most concerning, with his current contract set to expire in 2024. Kroenke must now give the financial support that Wenger was unable to have by laying big money on the table to extend the winger's deal. The future of Arteta and Arsenal depends on it. 