Chelsea shirt sponsors Three are 'reviewing the situation' after the United Kingdom Government sanctioned owner Roman Abramovich on Thursday following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The Blues' £40million-a-year deal with the telecommunications company could be under serious threat. A brief statement confirmed Three are 'reviewing the situation and are in discussions with Chelsea FC'. On Thursday, Abramovich was one of seven oligarchs to receive fresh sanctions due to their affiliation with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin's vicious assault on Ukraine. "Today's sanctions are the latest step in the UK's unwavering support for the Ukrainian people. We will be ruthless in pursuing those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of sovereign allies." JUST IN: Every Chelsea punishment expected as Roman Abramovic sanctioned  Three are likely to be the first of many Chelsea sponsors to be considering the next steps, with a plague of uncertainty now surrounding the club. The European champions can no longer sell tickets for home and away games, and only season ticket holders can attend because they've already made payment. Fans also won't be able to buy any merchandise affecting Chelsea's revenue stream, either at Stamford Bridge, online or elsewhere. However, culture secretary Nadine Dorries has confirmed that existing staff will continue to be paid, and the club has been issued a 'special license' to continue football-related activities. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Tuchel facing squad crisis due to Abramovich sanctions  She tweeted: "Our priority is to hold those who have enabled the Putin regime to account. Today's sanctions obviously have a direct impact on Chelsea and its fans. "We have been working hard to ensure the club & the national game are not unnecessarily harmed by these important sanctions. "To ensure the club can continue to compete and operate, we are issuing a special licence that will allow fixtures to be fulfilled, staff to be paid and existing ticket holders to attend matches while, crucially, depriving Abramovich of benefiting from his ownership of the club. "I know this brings some uncertainty, but the Government will work with the league and clubs to keep football being played while ensuring sanctions hit those intended. "Football clubs are cultural assets and the bedrock of our communities. We're committed to protecting them." Chelsea are now at risk of disaster, with the club's summer transfer window plans up in the air and uncertainty over current playing staff. Defensive trio Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger all look set to leave as free agents, with the Blues unable to extend their current contracts. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.