Mr Erdogan said it was still too early to dismiss the possible purchase of more weapons from Russia, despite global pressure to isolate Vladimir Putin after his invasion of Ukraine. Mr Erdogan said that Turkey’s ties with Russia had not prevented them from supporting Ukraine, including through humanitarian aid. He stressed his desire to keep up a relationship with both Kyiv and Moscow. Speaking in Ankara in a joint press conference with German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, Mr Erdogan said on Monday, March 14, that any reaction from Turkey on weapons deals “premature”. He said: "Under the current circumstances, it would be premature to talk about what the future shows, right now. “We have to see what the conditions bring. We have to maintain our friendship with Mr Zelensky and Mr Putin.” Mr Erdogan added: “We have done for Ukraine what NATO member states didn't despite Russia, and we have continued this support.” “Similarly, with our humanitarian aid, we have sent more than 50 trucks to Ukraine and continue to send them.” The statement drew condemnation from politicians, including Democratic Congressman Frank Pallone. Mr Pallone denounced the Turkish President as untrustworthy, and flouting NATO “values”. READ MORE: Russia humiliated as military helicopters destroyed in strike He tweeted: “Erdogan's desire to purchase military equipment from Russia & his affinity for human rights abusers like Putin & Aliyev shows that he doesn't care about NATO values. “He cannot be trusted as an ally & the U.S. should not approve any weapons sales to him.” Turkey - a member of NATO - was widely criticised by Western countries over the acquisition of Russian-made S-400 missile systems. The US slapped Turkey with sanctions in December 2020 over the decision, but Ankara hit back by arguing they had been left little option than to turn to Russia as their allies could not meet the criteria for supplying similar weapons. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Xi pulls rug from under Putin as China betrays Russia [LIVE] Ukraine protests MAPPED: Where locals are fighting back against Russia [MAP] Nigel Farage slams Labour MP for dragging him into Russia debate [REPORT] Turkey has been in negotiations with Russia for a second instalment of S-400s, despite renewed warnings from the US against the move. Turkey has been uncomfortable in navigating the Russian invasion of Ukraine, backing Ukraine’s right to sovereignty but refusing to through its weight behind sanctions on the Kremlin. In the Black Sea, Turkey has a maritime border with both countries, and has extended offers to act as a go-between in negotiations. Kyiv said on Sunday that it was collaborating with Turkey as one of the conflict’s mediator countries, in an attempt to establish the next round of peace talks. Mr Erdogan confirmed over the weekend that Turkey was also hoping to increase dialogue with fellow NATO member Greece, as the war in Ukraine changes the political terrain across Europe. In a statement, the Turkish government said: "Despite the disagreements between Turkey and Greece, it was agreed at the meeting to keep communication channels open and to improve bilateral relations.” It added: "Pointing out that Turkey and Greece have a special responsibility in the changing European security architecture with Russia's attack on Ukraine, the meeting focused on the mutual and regional benefits of increasing cooperation between the two countries.”