Stacey Solomon, 32, was “emotional” after receiving a special tribute to her late dog Theo. The chihuahua died on Boxing Day after being with Stacey for “11 wonderful years”. In a post shared on her Instagram story on Saturday, Stacey showed off three adorable candles with one resembling Theo and two modelled on her other dogs, Teddy and Peanut. The Loose Women panellist told her five million followers: “Our friends got us Theo, Teddy and Peanut as candles. “It’s made me so emotional. Silly I know, but just looking at them all together”, alongside a broken-hearted emoji. She added that she “wishes Theo could have met Teddy” because “she would have loved him so much”. The candles are from Unwritten Aromas, a small business based in Hampshire that specialises in vegan candles and wax melts. READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update The former X Factor star shared her heartbreak after Theo’s death in December when she announced the sad news on Instagram. The mum-of-four penned: “Sweet Dreams Theo. The best friend we could have ever wished for. Our hearts are broken. “11 wonderful years. We were so lucky to love you Fifi and we will never stop. My lap has never felt so empty I miss you so much already. “But oh my goodness, the memories and the love you brought into our lives. Thank you for everything Theo. For protecting me and the boys when we needed it most. For loving us no matter what and for holding on for so long and waiting to meet your little sister Rose. “Rex has had the best friend in you that he could ever have wished for and the boys have had the best protector in the whole wide world. "Even though Rex is only little I know him, Zachary and Leighton will never ever forget you.” In a later update, Stacey documented making a shrine for her beloved pet. In a clip, she began by pouring water into a large vase that had Theo’s inscription and placed a selection of beautiful white flowers inside. She then filled Theo’s food bowl with a heart-shaped candle and added some pebbles. Her tribute read: “We had a memory plaque made for Theo. She lays underneath the magnolia tree. The most beautiful tree in the garden. “But it never blooms for long, just like you Theo. "We miss you.” The wooden plaque said: “Our darling Theo. We were so lucky to love you and we will never stop. Sweet dreams Fifi.” The TV personality put the shrine under a magnolia tree in her garden where Theo is buried. She went on to “pull the bench over” to the tree so that she could “sit and have a cuppa” with her dog.