A total of 28 companies with links to Russia have been blocked by the London Stock Exchange Group (LSEG). Russian linked firms had already been struggling on UK markets with around £430bn wiped off London listings as companies share prices fell. Meanwhile the Moscow Exchange has remained shut since Monday over fears of a major sell-off. LSEG said it was taking action “in light of market conditions, and in order to maintain orderly markets”.  It added that the situation would be kept under review. LSEG chief executive David Schwimmer said: "London Stock Exchange Group has suspended trading in 28 Russian-listed securities. “This has been based on sanctions and the ability to run an orderly market. "Suspensions are driven by those decisions, so if we see any other any other securities affected by sanctions then similar actions will take place.  “This is a very complex and fast-moving situation and we are working closely with regulators across all parts of our business.” Last week VTB Capital, a subsidiary of Russia's second-largest bank, was suspended from trading following the announcement of sanctions. Many of the 28 companies featured on today's list had already seen their share prices severely hit on the London Stock Exchange. Before the suspension, Sberbank had been trading as low as 1p a share with Rosneft also seeing big loses following a decision by BP to offload its stake in the company.   The Dow Jones Russia GDR Index, which tracks Russian companies listed on the London Stock Exchange, has collapsed around 98 percent in recent weeks. Companies still trading but with links to Russia are also struggling. Miners Evraz, which focuses heavily on Russia and is part owned by Roman Abramovich, and Anglo-Russian firm Polymetal were both booted off the FTSE 100 list of the biggest firms this week after their share prices plummeted. The suspension of firms comes as LSEG also announced its preliminary results for the year.   DON'T MISS: Rising inflation returns to Germany [SPOTLIGHT]Russia's largest lender pulls out of Europe [INSIGHT] West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [ANALYSIS] In what was a record year for new stock market listings the group saw strong revenue growth and pre-tax profits rise 26.8 percent to £2.3 billion in 2021. Mr Schwimmer said the group has "delivered a successful first year after completion of the Refinitiv acquisition. "We have produced a strong financial performance, have met or are ahead of all targets and have good momentum into 2022." LSEG added that it would be closely monitoring the impact of the Ukraine conflict and that its operations in Russia and Ukraine accounted for less than one percent of total income. 