Reports have suggested tensions have mounted during Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's trip surrounding the British monarchy's role within the slave trade. But as the pair arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday, footage was posted by local publication Jamaica Observer showing members of the public "excitedly" gathering by gates as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's car drove past. The car was bringing Kate and William to their first engagement of the second leg of their royal tour of the Caribbean. A person can be heard in the background of the video saying, "The Prince of England is in Trench Town." The original tweet was captioned: "Trench Town residents could not contain their excitement over the arrival of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge in the community today." The Jamaica Observer's tweet caught the attention of royal correspondent Victoria Arbiter. Ms Arbiter was quick to point out the "stark contrast" between the tweet and the recent reports of tensions. READ MORE: Prince Philip 'spitting blood' at Megxit: Furious Duke told aide 'we were wrong' on Meghan Ms Arbiter quote-tweeted the Jamaica Observer's tweet to her own followers: "Reports posted by local media in Jamaica is in stark contrast to the negative commentary coming from people not present on the Cambridges’ tour…". Speaking on Lorraine Wednesday, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers discussed the tensions that have been reported. Mr Myers said: "There was a slightly larger protest, probably about 60 to 100 people campaigning on the platform of reparations for the British monarchy's role within the slave trade. Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are currently on an 8-day royal tour in the Caribbean, which began on Saturday. They bid an official farewell to Belize on Tuesday and arrived in Jamaica last night, where they are staying for two nights. The royal tour, which is the first overseas trip for the couple since the pandemic began, has taken place at a crucial time for the royal institution. The visit has coinceded with a period of heightened debate as several Commonwealth nations are considering cutting ties with the British monarchy due to its role within the slave trade. The Queen is at risk of losing her position as head of state in Jamaica due to plans for the country to turn into a republic. Although there is no confirmation, the removal could be a "swift process" and could happen as early as August. Jamaica's Prime Minister, Andrew Holness spoke in December and said that there was "no question that Jamaica has to become a republic". Her Majesty was removed as Head of State of Barbados only last November, sparking speculation other Caribbean nations may soon follow.