Arnold Schwarzenegger has posted a powerful video on Twitter, pleading with the people of Russia to see that their president Vladimir Putin is lying to them about the country’s invasion of Ukraine, and begging them to see how condemnable the brutality has been. “I am sending this message through many different channels to reach my dear Russian friends and the Russian soldiers serving in Ukraine,” he said. “There are things in the world that are being kept from you - terrible things that you should know about. “I know your government has told you that this is a war to denazify Ukraine. “Denazify Ukraine? This is not true. Ukraine is  a country with a Jewish president, a Jewish president whose father’s three brothers were all murdered by the Nazis. READ MORE: Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' “You see, Ukraine did not start this war. Neither did nationalists or Nazis. Those in power in the Kremlin started with war. This is not the Russian people’s war.” The 74-year-old reminded viewers that 141 nations at the U.N. voted that Russia had been the aggressor, and called for it to remove its troops immediately - with just four countries siding with Russia. Describing the devastation in Ukraine, Arnie said Russian troops had “flattened” city blocks and even a maternity hospital, with three millions refugees fleeing. “You’re also not being told the truth about the consequences of this war,” he continued. “I regret to tell you that thousands of Russian soldiers have been killed.” The Predator star added: “The destruction that Russian bombs are raining down upon innocent civillions has so outraged the world that the strongest economic sanctions ever taken have been imposed on your country.” He said many Russian soldiers were falsely told they would be fighting Nazis, or that they would be “greeted like heroes” in Ukraine. “When I see babies being pulled out of ruins, I think that I’m watching a documentary about the horrors of the Second World War, not the news of today,” he added. DON'T MISS... 'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support[LATEST]The Chase's Jenny Ryan 'proud' of Mark Labbett's US replacement[TWITTER]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[TV] Arnie added that his Nazi solider father, Gustav Schwarzenegger, had also been “pumped up on the lies of his government” until he learnt the truth about what the Nazis were doing, and he spent “the rest of his life in pain” both physically and mentally, from his injuries and the guilt. “This is an illegal war. Your lives, your limbs, your futures, are being sacrificed for a senseless war condemned by the entire world,” Arnold said. The former California governor also had a message for Putin: “You started this war, you are leading this war, you can stop this war.” To conclude, Schwarzenegger praised the bravery of Russian protestors who had been arrested for opposing the war, calling them his “heroes”. Arnie also told viewers about a Russian he calls his “hero” - bodybuilder Yuri Petrovich Vlasov, the first man to lift 200kg above his head. He said he stuck a poster of Vlasov on his wall when he was 14, but his father was furious and told him to find a German or Austrian hero, because he had hated the Russians since he was injured in World War II. Arnie said his father had done “vicious harm” to the “great city” of Leningrad while fighting for the Nazis - and added that he refused to take the poster down. He bonded with Vlasov when he met him years later, and his idol gifted him a blue coffee cup which he drinks out of every morning.