Lord Ricketts explained why the Prime Minister had not been invited to the EU summit, which is taking place on the same day as a NATO meeting. The Prime Minister made the odd comparison on Brexit and Ukrainians fighting for their freedom, as neighbouring Russia invaded, causing the kickoff of a bloody war in Europe. US President Biden and many other global figures are attending on Thursday, the lack of invitation to the Prime Minister is speculated to be due to his insensitive comments. Sky News host Niall Paterson said; "I understand the Prime Minister is off to the NATO summit on Thursday. "But he's not been invited, unlike Joe Biden to the EU summit on the same day." Lord Ricketts said: "Well in a way I don't think that's very surprising I mean, given the sort of remarks he's been making over the weekend. "Comparing Brexit to the struggle of the Ukrainian people, that was seen as desperately insulting and insensitive all around Europe. JUST IN: 'Morally bankrupt' EU savaged - Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash     Lord Ricketts added: "I'm afraid we are not going to be helping to reshape the agenda with our EU counterparts. "We should be, NATO is an important forum for Britain, as you say we're a major defence spender. "The UK has been very effective in supplying aid and support to the Ukrainians. "But in the crucial discussions that will go on between Joe Biden and the Europeans, for example on strengthening sanctions, Britain is going to be on the sidelines of that.  READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast: Britain set for HOTTEST March in 100 years in 70F mini-heatwave      "Which I think is a great mistake, I think that the Prime Minister ought to be reaching out and working to improve relations to heal the wounds of the past with the EU not doubling down." Byline Time political correspondent Adam Bienkov said: "In possibly related news, Downing Street sources say Boris Johnson won’t now be going to the European Council meeting on Thursday, as had originally been mooted."