Dan Walker, 44, has taken to Twitter this morning to confess a secret about his time on Strictly. The star admitted that he did have some dancing experience prior to his stint on the show. Dan said that he did a “spot of paso” while climbing mount Kilimanjaro for Comic Relief. The star performed the dance routine in order to lift Strictly judge Shirley Ballas’ spirits during the trek. The caption read: “I have a confession to make… I’ve remembered that I did have some dancing experience before I did #Strictly. “It’s 3 years since we climbed Kilimanjaro for @comicrelief with an incredible team. READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey  “I tried to lift @ShirleyBallas’ spirits one day with a spot of paso.” He released a short clip along with the statement in full view of his 752,200 followers. Dan can be seen in the video reassuring Shirley, as she could be seen looking upset and unassured. He said in the video: “Why don’t you harness Shirley Ballas, three time world champion.” Countryfile presenter Anita Rani can be seen supporting Shirley, too. She said, reassuring her in the same vein as Dan: “The bada** that is Ballas.” Fans took to the comments section to share their shock over Dan's cheeky insight, with Howard Baker quipping: “So you had a personal trainer, you should be disqualified.” Stuart Aston added: “Mr Walker. What are you like?" READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] In 2019, Dan and Shirley joined other celebrities, including Ed Balls and Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall to raise thousands for Comic Relief. The group raised the money by making the famously difficult climb to the top of Kilimanjaro, the peak of the world’s tallest mountain. Dan can be seen in the background of the clip trying to show off his Paso Doble skills to lighten the tension. Dan released the clip ahead of this year’s Comic Relief, which is due to air on Friday 18th March. During filming for the Red Nose Day documentary, Dan also opened up about difficulties that he faced. Suffering from altitude sickness, Dan said on the show: “It’s like that rock pressing down on my chest, like that. "Same as you, you just can’t get enough in, so everyone’s feeling it. “Man alive, that was tough,” he later said. “I have no memory of going up there. I honestly have no idea where we went or how long it took, so stupid.” Dan and his dance partner Nadiya Bychkova were the 10th pair to be axed from Strictly in 2021.