There was a time when press conferences were an arduous task for Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta. From Mesut Ozil and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s discipline and absence, to constant speculation about the finedity of his own job, Arteta absorbed and conjured answers for them all. Another awkward topic of conversation was the constant ill-discipline of former Arsenal captain Granit Xhaka. On the pitch, the Switzerland captain’s propensity for red cards always seemed to return at the worst possible times for the Gunners. From the Etihad Stadium in front of a merciless Manchester City side, or at Anfield, when Jurgen Klopp’s ferocious Liverpool side stood between them and their only hopes of a trophy this season – Xhaka was dismissed from them both. However, recent questions about the former Borussia Monchengladbach ace were, refreshingly, about his new role which could potentially unlock Brendan Rodgers’ dangerous, but increasingly fallible Leicester City side. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick receives triple injury boost for Tottenham “Sometimes you have to take players out of their comfort zone and open a different door to explore how the team will react to it and what the opposition will do when you do certain things,” Arteta said before his side’s huge clash against the 2016 Premier League winners. “Then it’s more unpredictable because if not, it’s pretty easy to prepare the same thing against the same opposition.” Xhaka’s deployment alongside the much-improved Thomas Partey is nothing new, but the Swiss midfielder’s role has gravitated towards the opposition penalty area more than his own. While Partey anchors the midfield and provides that crucial layer of protection in front of Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes, Xhaka has been supporting Martin Odegaard on the attacking front. READ MORE: Chelsea bosses 'begging government' for two things in meltdown Xhaka’s ventures forward ensures Arteta gets the best of both worlds from the 29-year-old. Further forward, he is no longer an avenue of weakness for opposing teams to target in their counterattacks and he will not be able to get into Partey’s way, and vice-versa. When the Gunners face aggressive, high-pressing opposition, Xhaka can ghost in-between their defence and midfield, creating space for Odegaard, while also providing the perfect outlet for Partey, White, and Gabriel to find with a pass. Despite a sluggish and inconsistent season, Leicester are a side capable of turning up on any given day and blowing any and all opposition away. Wesley Fofana’s long term absence has severely weakened a Leicester backline that has conceded 43 Premier League goals in 25 matches. Set pieces have been their major Achilles’ heel, but the lack of harmony and synergy in their collective press has also been exposed on multiple occasions. Xkaka’s performances in Euro 2022, where he was also influential in the final third of the pitch for Switzerland, demonstrates his ability to find a player with a laser like pass. His experience as a defender midfielder means he will be able to identify weaknesses and spot beacons of opportunity to carve Leicester open. Positioning will be just as important as the pass itself and Xhaka has the intelligence to put himself in the right place at the right time. Considering the bleakness of his Arsenal future a matter of weeks ago, Arteta’s ingenuity and faith in the Swiss midfielder is admirable.