Saving money on your summer holiday might not be something everyone believes to be possible, but it is. You don’t have to dip into your mortgage deposit fund to go abroad, you just have to make smart choices. Express.co.uk chatted to the personal finance experts at My Favourite Voucher Codes www.myfavouritevouchercodes.co.uk to find out the 10 ways to save on your upcoming summer holidays to make sure you have more spending money for your trip. Booking yourself into self-catering accommodation is much cheaper than booking into a hotel – all-inclusive or not. The experts said: “As long as you book through trusted sites, they should be clean and safe. “While you might miss out on heart-shaped towels on fresh sheets every morning, you’ll be saving money while making your trip more memorable in other ways. “In the case of booking a hostel, there’s every chance that you might meet fellow holiday-goers who become great friends, especially great for solo travellers.” If your plan to buy the cheapest airline tickets is to search “cheap flights” on Google and buy the first option available, consider taking a more measured approach. The experts advised: “Check the prices of multiple airlines and independently compare prices. “It might sound silly, but something as simple as choosing to fly on a different day of the week (if you’re able to be flexible) can save a bit of money! This way, you will definitely find the best value for money.” There are many other sites you can use for price comparison, such as My Favourite Voucher Codes’ Airport Parking Comparison Widget. READ MORE- Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt Don’t leave booking a holiday until the last possible minute - that’s a sure-fire way to raise the total cost. By booking earlier, you’ll have far more options to choose from and more flexibility on dates, hotels, travel and more. Needless to say, booking late means that you’ll lose all of those things. The experts added: “Despite the allure of snagging the ultimate last-minute discount deal, prices will generally be much higher across the board. “Make sure to shop around when comparing holidays too – you may find the same hotel cheaper on one site than another or you may find that you can utilise a discount or two along the way to shave some more money off the total cost.” You don’t need to have every minute of every day planned throughout your stay, but planning activities to do while on holiday can help make budgeting easier. The experts said: “For those travelling with family or friends, booking group activities can also be cheaper. “If you’re still considering destinations, finding out that there isn’t much to do might lead you to look elsewhere.” Be realistic about your budget and try to map out every possible cost as precisely as possible. The experts suggested: “To make it easier, think about your trip in chronological order. First, you’ll travel to your destination by bus, plane or train. “You’ll then need to get to your accommodation, does that mean you plan on hiring a car or are transfers included? Hiring a car will require additional money, as would getting a taxi. “Continue mapping out as many expenses that you can think of: food and drink, entertainment, excursions and so on.” Before setting off, stock up on all the usual necessities like deodorant, makeup, soap and sun cream. The experts pointed out: “By shopping in your local area, you’ll know exactly where to find everything and how much it’ll cost. “If you leave it until you arrive at your destination, you’ll be browsing unfamiliar brands in a foreign language and you won’t have a gauge on how much the products usually cost locally.” DON'T MISS...Brits will ask for up to £1,500 as a loan from family or friends [INFORMER]Council tax replacement could help pensioners survive cost of living [INSIGHT]Red flags to watch to avoid scammers [EXPLAINER] If you’re not travelling too far, consider travelling by coach or train to save a lot of money. Coach and train tickets, even internationally, can be much cheaper than airline tickets. Yes, the trips will be longer, but interrailing across Europe can be an adventure in itself. Could you say the same about a flight? Many mobile telephone networks have re-introduced data roaming charges since Brexit. If you can’t bear the thought of going without your phone on holiday, it might at least be worth going into your settings and turning off mobile data for any apps that aren’t absolutely essential. Alternatively, the experts suggested: “You could buy a short-term SIM-only plan so that any costs aren’t slapped onto your existing plan. “The only downside to a short-term SIM-only plan is that you’d have a different phone number while on holiday.” Knowing your luggage allowance is particularly important for families travelling with children. The experts warned: “Failing to abide by the limit, which can differ by airline, can result in a hefty charge. “Well, either that or frantically unpacking your suitcase in the middle of the airport and getting on the plane wearing four layers of clothes!” You might not associate a homemade ham and cheese sandwich with the excitement of stepping foot onto an aeroplane en route to your exotic holiday destination, but why not? In-flight amenities are much, much pricier than they would be in any other setting, the experts said. They advised: “Save a little bit of space in your hand luggage for a sandwich or two, plus other in-flight amenities like headphones.”