London’s Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced plans to extend the city's Ultra Low Emissions Zone across the whole capital. The new proposals would see the scheme extended to the very edges of London boroughs by 2023. It means non-compliant petrol and diesel cars will be forced to pay £12.50 per day to enter the zone. Nr Khan said: “The triple challenges of tackling toxic air pollution, the climate emergency and congestion mean we need to further reduce emissions from vehicles in London. "This is also a matter of social justice - with air pollution hitting the poorest communities the hardest. "I believe the proposal to extend the ULEZ London-wide will have the biggest effect on emissions and congestion relative to the potential financial impact on Londoners as a whole." READ MORE: Londoners could be paid to cycle rather than drive under ULEZ plans Until recently, ULEZ rates only covered a small area of Central London. This was extended in October which means fees now cover all roads inside the North and South Circular. The new 2023 updates will be subject to a public consultation before it is introduced. Kevin Fenton, Public Health Regional Director for London backed the new plans. DON'T MISSSadiq Khan looks to reduce car use as road project may be scrapped [INSIGHT]Drivers react with fury to Sadiq Khan plans [ANALYSIS]More car tax charges ahead for London [COMMENT] He said: “Tackling London's air pollution will require bold action from all of us - reducing car use, promoting active travel, and promoting greener, cleaner public transport. “Good to see plans to extend London's Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) in 2023.” Liberal Democrat London Assembly member Caroline Pidgeon added: “I really welcome plans to extend ULEZ across all of Greater London. “It is right and necessary to tackle toxic air pollution. Air pollution does not stop at the South and North Circular. “The extension of ULEZ must be coupled with an ambitious scrappage scheme to assist disabled people and people on low incomes to give up older polluting vehicles.” However, some have warned the changes could have a negative impact on drivers who will face heavy costs to drive in the city. Keith Prince, Conservative London Assembly Member said the plans were a move to “squeeze as much money” as he can from the pockets of London drivers.