After dropping one of the biggest emotional punches of the show so far, The Conners is once again taking a midseason break. ABC’s wildly successful family comedy is heading into the final stretch of its fourth season, and thankfully fans won’t have too long to wait to see how the story continues despite the new delay. Season four of The Conners is taking another unexpected pause after the devastating 14th episode, Triggered. Last Wednesday’s instalment saw the touching family sitcom tackle gun violence with some horrific repercussions. Unfortunately, it will be some time before viewers will get to see how Dan (played by John Goodman) and the rest of the family handle their trauma. The next episode of the current outing isn’t set to air until Wednesday, March 16. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail In just under two weeks, the series will then continue with another new episode, titled Messy Situation, Miscommunication and Academic Probation. ABC will instead be showing a repeat episode on Wednesday, March 9. The network has yet to reveal any further details for the upcoming episode, so fans will have to keep their eyes open for a trailer in the coming days. The show’s audience, which regularly surpasses three million viewers per episode, has also been assured the series won’t be going taking another unexpected break anytime soon. After the release of episode 15, the very next Wednesday will see the release of episode 16, Gas Pump, House Dump and Stew Volcano. As new seasons have tended towards 20 episodes, The Conners’ latest outing is expected to continue at least until May of this year. Once we get closer to spring, ABC is expected to announce its plans for the future of the series. The family comedy has been tackling some hard-hitting issues as of late, demonstrated by the recent tragedy in this week’s firearm-themed episode. DON'T MISS:The Good Doctor season 5: Fan-favourite confirms return [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Stiorra star sends farewell to crew member [COMMENT]Line of Duty’s Martin Compston on possible season 7 release [UPDATE] Despite Dan’s insistence on keeping a firearm in the house for protection, the Conners were scarred by witnessing a former classmate of Harris’ (Emma Kenney) getting shot on live TV. This episode was written by the show’s star Lecy Goranson and has been well-received for continuing this season’s trend of tackling tricky subject matter. As The Conners is still pulling in rave reviews, the latest hiccup to the schedule shouldn’t be taken as a sign of the series winding down. A follow-up to the hit comedy Roseanne, the spin-off began in 2018 following Roseanne Barr’s exit from the title role. ABC’s follow-up has proven to be just as big of a hit as the original series, and an announcement of a season five renewal is expected to come just around the corner. Series lead John’s future with the sitcom is unclear, as he’s also pulling double duties by starring with Danny McBride in HBO’s The Righteous Gemstones. Thankfully, the iconic TV and film star seems more than happy juggling both projects for the time being, so hopefully The Conners remain a small screen staple for some years to come. The Conners season 4 continues Wednesday, March 16 on ABC in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.