Cameron Norrie scored his second career win over compatriot Jack Draper 7-6(5) 6-4 in an all-British affair in the Miami Open second round. Draper had secured his maiden win at Masters 1000 level in his first round against Gilles Simon to set up a battle of the Brits but it was the 10th seed who got the better of the 20-year-old in a repeat of their Queens quarter-final from last year. It was the second meeting between British Nos 1 and 5 Norrie and Draper, who met in the Queens quarter-final last year. Draper, ranked outside the world’s top 300 at the time, beat then-world Nos 23 and 39 Jannik Sinner and Alexander Bublik to make the last-eight in the ATP 500 event but it was Norrie who advanced 6-3 6-3. Both have come on since their only clash nine months ago, with Norrie going on to reach a career-high of world No 12, winning Indian Wells in October, while Draper has started his 2022 season by winning three Challenger titles. The battle of the Brits opened with a six-minute game containing a 37-shot rally as both men managed to hold on early in the set. The 10th seed this week in Miami earned the first break points of the match at 2-3 0-40, pouncing to take a lead over his younger compatriot. But Norrie was unable to close it out despite holding a set point when he served for it at 5-3, and Draper broke before eventually forcing a tiebreak. JUST IN: Andy Murray given hope of Daniil Medvedev upset by Andy Roddick  The pair traded mini-breaks in the tiebreak, reflecting what had already happened in the set, but Norrie nabbed one more to go up 4-2 and continued to hold on to eventually take it 7-6(5) in over an hour. The 20-year-old managed to shake off losing a tight first set as he opened the second with a love-hold and set up two break points on the world No 13’s serve in the very next game but was unable to capitalise, showing his frustration when one of his shots just went out at 15-40. There were no more break points in the set until Draper served at 3-3, losing his 40-30 lead to get broken by Norrie for a second time in the match. The current world No 146 was handed a code violation for ball abuse as he showed his frustration as the 10th seed put himself within two games of the match. Draper gave gimself four opportunities to break back in the very next game but like earlier in the set, couldn't convert as Norrie held for 5-3. DON'T MISSAsh Barty tipped to become golf champion after quitting tennis aged 25Djokovic decision questioned by ex-star as two players called outDaniil Medvedev defended after calls for ban on Russian tennis players   This time Norrie was able to close out the set and win the match 7-6(5) 6-4 in two hours. He will next face the winner of a clash between John Isner and Hugo Gaston. It had been a mixed back for the Brits so far in Miami, with Emma Raducanu losing her opening match to Katerina Siniakova from a set and a break up while Heather Watson came from a set down to defeat 15th seed Elina Svitolina. Andy Murray won his opening round in straight sets to set up a mouthwatering clash with top seed Daniil Medvedev, while Dan Evans takes on Yoshihito Nishioka in his first match on Friday.