Mark Maslin, author of How to Save the Planet: The Facts and a professor of geography at UCL, told Express.co.uk that a limited harvest window caused by climate change was “probably more problematic” than the predictions of Sadhguru. He added that the UK Government was creating incentives for farmers to manage their land to be as environmentally friendly as possible. Last week, in an exclusive interview with this website, the guru to the stars – who set off on a 30,000km bike ride from London to India on Monday – said the UK was heading for “a disaster beyond imagination” that could involve famine and civil war. The UK’s Environment agency projects that our farms have only 100 harvests left before the amount of organic material in the soil dips below what is needed to sustain life. In 2019, then-Environment Secretary Michael Gove warned the UK was just 30-40 years away from “the fundamental eradication of soil fertility” without change. A lack of usable soil would lead to weaker harvests and fewer crop, which would have to feed a growing global population.  READ MORE: UK heading for famine and civil war ‘disaster beyond imagination’ Sadhguru warned: “All infrastructure will collapse. When infrastructure collapses, chaos will begin. “Total civil unrest will begin on all levels – they’re expecting by 2035. There'll be dozens of civil wars across the country across the world. “Dozens of civil wars will happen in my country, your country, some country – we cannot predict [where]. It may happen just about anywhere.” The influential spiritualist said he believed soil degradation through aggressive farming practices was “more fundamental of a problem and a more universal problem” than any other environmental issue being discussed today. However, Professor Maslin said that his “greatest fear” for agriculture was that as global temperatures rise, “we're going to lose a large number of days where people can't produce food”. He explained that “as temperatures go up, and humidity goes up, we've already tracked the number of days that people can work outside has dropped. “So there are days now that it is physiologically impossible to work outside, because it's too hot and humid. 50 percent of the world's food is produced by small family farmers who work outside.” While Professor Maslin agreed that soil degradation was a “major concern”, but added that “the problem is that not only are soils going to be changing, but also you have a changing climate”. DON'T MISS Jet2 passenger sparks mid-air chaos 'Don't ****ing touch me!' [VIDEO] 'This is huge' Putin faces 'biggest defeat' yet [INSIGHT] Sturgeon slammed over refusing chance to 'replace Putin' [REPORT] Sadhguru was critical of the vast majority of UK farming for being monoculture – the cultivation of a single type of crop in a single area. He said the UK’s soil “will be in a very bad state in another 25 years” because the technique leaves soil exposed for large chunks of the year. But Professor Maslin said he was “not convinced by that doom-laden stuff”, adding that he was aware that the Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) “works really hard” to improve UK farming practices. He said: “The interesting thing about our farms is that they are complicated because they provide multiple services. Food or produce – it’s literally just one of the services they provide. “They also protect soils; they also protect the local area from flash flooding; they also protect biodiversity – they can also be carbon stores, if done properly. “There was a huge movement within Defra to subsidize and fund farmers to manage their land as well as they can.” Professor Maslin suggested that as more people switch to vegetarian and vegan diet, there would naturally be more of a drive away from livestock production and towards more eco-friendly plant-based crops. He said that farmers are now ploughing the “stubble” – the straw that remains after grains are harvested – back into the land to give the soil more organic content, rather than burning it – something Sadhguru had called for. The academic and author also agreed that regenerative farming and raising the carbon content of soil should be incentivised.