Speaking to GB News’ Mark Dolan, Ms Widdecombe noted the nod to Churchill in his words, as Zelensky described his country’s battle with the Russians as comparable with Britain’s fight against the Nazis. Ms Widdecombe sat in the House of Commons from 1987 until 2010 and admitted that such an address from a foreign leader was “unprecedented”. She said: “I thought it was terrific. “You’re quite right it had huge echoes, deliberate echoes of Churchill. “I think he was trying to appeal to our own wartime spirit and perhaps hoping we might get a bit more involved as a result of that. “But it was a very brave speech from a very brave man.”  When asked if she thought Zelensky would be victorious, she responded: “I think it is not impossible. “One’s got to be reasonable, Russia’s got tremendous force, probably in the long term it can wear Ukraine down. “But what it hasn’t had is the easiest victory it thought it was going to have. “There’s a huge difference between winning an occupation and then actually sustaining that occupation.  READ MORE: Brexit Britain poised for win over Putin with major Truss move in US “I don’t think if the spirit of the Ukrainians is anything to go by that they’re easily going to do that. “It is possible that Russia could lose this one and I think Putin’s waking up to that.” When discussing the “significance” of Zelensky’s speech, she remarked: “It was unprecedented. “It was an amazing performance, but it was also an amazing historical event.  DON'T MISS:US v Russia! Poland transfers ALL its jets as war takes to the skies [LATEST]Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL]Tories to lose 45 seats to Labour on Birmingham by-election swing [ELECTIONS] “Presidents do come from other countries and they do address the House of Commons but not in the Chamber, never in the Chamber. “So this was quite unprecedented and in the circumstances of the time something that united Parliament. “I didn’t see anybody shaking their head.” Ms Widdecombe agreed that it was right on this occasion to break parliamentary protocol given the “abnormal situation” and hoped the message would get through to Russian President Vladimir Putin. 