 Dancing on Ice is taking a break this week ahead of its series finale. Fans had been expecting to see the remaining three couples battle it out in a bid to be crowned the winner on Sunday night. However, the celebrity skating competition is the latest show to be shelved by ITV this weekend as alternative programming takes its place in the TV schedule.   The Dancing on Ice finale has been pushed back because of a sporting event. ITV will be airing coverage of the FA Cup quarter-final match between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool on Sunday night. The football match is set to kick off at 6pm but the coverage begins at 5.15pm and concludes three hours later. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show  As a result, the channel has chosen to remove Dancing on Ice from its Sunday night TV schedule. However, the star-studded skating show is not the only ITV programme impacted by a schedule shake-up this weekend. Both Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway and Starstruck were missing from Saturday night’s TV line-up. The entertainment shows were pushed from the schedule because of a Six Nations rugby match that saw France take on England.   Dancing on Ice’s finale is still planned to go ahead on ITV, but has been delayed by a week. The skating contest will now draw to a close on Mother’s Day (Sunday March 27) instead. However, this isn’t the first time the show has been forced to make changes to this series. DON'T MISS...After Life's Ricky Gervais details reason he avoids cliffhangers [INSIGHT]Pointless Celebrities fans stunned by geography question results [WATCH]EastEnders horror as Kheerat Panesar’s murdered by Gray in prison? [SPOILERS]  Last week’s semi-final faced a last-minute shake-up as presenter Holly Willoughby dropped out after testing positive for coronavirus. As a result, Holly’s co-star Phillip Schofield had to host the penultimate episode alone. Similarly, Phillip also contracted Covid-19 earlier in the series and fellow ITV star Stephen Mulhern stepped in to take his place on the show. Dancing on Ice’s semi-final saw a dramatic double elimination from the competition last week.   BMX racer Kye Whyte and The Vamps bassist Connor Ball were both booted off the show, just missing out on the final. The final episode will see the three remaining couples take to the ice one last time as they battle it out for the crown. The couples hoping to win the series are: former Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole and his professional partner Vanessa Bauer, Pussycats Doll singer Kimberly Wyatt and pro skater Mark Hanretty, and dancer Regan Gascoigne and his pro Karina Manta. The Dancing on Ice final airs Sunday March 27 at 7pm on ITV. 