Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea has suggested that Atletico Madrid supporters would have behaved no better than Red Devils supporters had the La Liga side suffered defeat in their Champions League clash. United fans have been criticised after some threw bottles and other missiles at Atletico boss Diego Simeone in the aftermath of the game at Old Trafford.   Atletico won 1-0 at Old Trafford courtesy of Ronan Lodi’s first-half goal, helping the Spanish side through after a 1-1 first-leg draw.  United came close to sending the tie to extra-time but Jan Oblak superbly kept out Anthony Elanga and Raphael Varane to secure the win. The Premier League side kept pushing in a bid to save their Champions League campaign but were unable to find a way through a resolute Atletico defence. The defeat means the former serial winners will now enter a sixth year without a major trophy.   JUST IN: Billionaire friend of Trump to make late Chelsea bid before deadline United fans booed at full-time, although most of that displeasure was aimed at referee Slavko Vincic. Rangnick and his players felt Atletico’s goal should have been disallowed for a possible foul on Elanga. But some inside Old Trafford pelted bottles and other objects at Simeone and his players, with the Argentine boss being forced to run from the pitch in an attempt to not be struck.  United goalkeeper De Gea, though, has implied that Atletico fans would have shown similar displeasure had the scenario been reversed. The 31-year-old, a former Atletico player, made the damning remark in a press conference.    DON'T MISS...Liverpool icon worries Mohamed Salah WON'T sign new contractRomelu Lukaku's Chelsea woes compounded by damning Big Six comparisonHaaland and Mbappe told they couldn't solve Man Utd's current crisis Speaking in his mother tongue to Spanish journalists, he said: "I think you've seen how our fans have supported us. I would have liked to see how Atletico fans would have reacted if they were in the same situation as us.” United interim boss Rangnick, who now seems even likelier to step aside in the summer, was furious with referee Vancic. The Red Devils felt the Slovenian’s approach allowed Atletico to perform their dark arts. “There were some curious refereeing decisions, I wouldn’t necessarily say decisive – maybe the one they scored. I believe it was a foul on Anthony Elanga, the referee and linesman didn’t see it that way,” the German said. “He (Vincic) made it pretty easy for Atletico to do their time-wasting antics and it didn’t make it any easier for us. In the second half, I don’t know if the game was played for more than two minutes without being interrupted with someone lying on the floor.”    