PIP payments are a lifeline to Britons with a wide range of disabilities and long term health conditions. However, thousands could be missing out on this vital support. UK residents who are living with a health condition or disability that affects their everyday life could be due financial help from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). PIP benefits are for people who have a disability or condition that affects their everyday lives. However, they are not means tested, so it’s worth applying even if someone is still working or has savings. Approximately 8.5 million people suffer from painful joints in the UK, according to the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE). READ MORE: National Insurance will rise to 13.25% - pensioners face levy too Painful joints are one of the 19 health conditions that could qualify for PIP payments which could add up to £608 a month. Exactly how much PIP someone receives depends on the severity of their illness and how it affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Latest figures show that one in three claimants (35 percent) are receiving the highest level of award. However it can take up to six months for a new claim to be processed so it’s advisable to start a claim right away. DON'T MISS:Motorists hit as new cars cost £5,000 more and petrol prices rise [WARNING]Martin Lewis shares the ‘top’ easy access savings account [UPDATE]Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [INSIGHT]  As well as joint pain other conditions that could make someone eligible for PIP include: However, it's crucial to note that PIP isn't based on the condition a person has or the medication they take. Rather, it's based on the level of help needed due to how the condition affects the person.  Before applying Britons should determine whether they could be eligible by considering if they have difficulty with preparing or eating food, dressing and undressing, washing, bathing and using the toilet, managing treatments and medicine, reading and communicating and engaging with others. The mobility part is paid to people who have difficulty moving around - either inside or outside - their home. More information on the criteria and how to apply can be found on Gov.uk. Britons should expect to be assessed by an independent healthcare professional to help the DWP work out the level of support which is needed.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How much is PIP? Daily living - standard rate £60.00 Daily living - enhanced rate £89.60 Mobility - standard rate £23.70 Mobility - enhanced rate £62.55 