The FIA have confirmed that Haas driver Nikita Mazepin will be permitted to continue racing in F1 under a neutral flag. However, motorsport's governing body has issued further sanctions on Russia and Belarus over their invasion of Ukraine.  The two eastern European countries will be banned from hosting races, which follows on from the F1 Russian Grand Prix being cancelled. All Russian and Belarusian delegates have also been forced to step down from the FIA. A statement reads: "Russian/Belarusian drivers, individual competitors and officials to participate in international/zone competitions only in their neutral capacity and under the 'FIA flag', subject to specific commitment and adherence to the FIA’s principles of peace and political neutrality." Mazepin was pulled from his media duties during pre-season testing in Barcelona last week. The 22-year-old then posted a message on social media which reads: "To my fans and followers - it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done.   "I'm choosing to focus on what I CAN control by working hard and doing my best for my HAAS. My deepest thanks for your understanding and support." Mazepin's father, Dmitry, is the owner of the Russian company Uralkali, which provides most of Haas' annual sponsorship. The American-owned manufacturer severed all ties with Uralkali following the invasion of Ukraine, removing all markings from their cars. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @DExpress_Sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @DailyExpressSport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 