The greatest love and strongest bond is formed amid the squalid surroundings of a makeshift shelter in a hospital basement. He holds the drowsy infant in a blue sleepsuit to his chest, in perfect peace, as his eyes betray the tension of the moment. Yet it is a tableau of hope amid cruelty. The cycle of life continues against the piercing scream of air raid sirens at the Kyiv perinatal centre. The Soviet cellar is dingy and cold, with paint peeling off the walls and mattresses crammed up against cupboards. But this is the safe haven for babies, their parents and pregnant mothers. Indiscriminate Russian shelling and missiles attacks have wrecked the capital city's medical centres and children's hospitals. Tiny premature infants are unaware of the war raging and shaking the ground above them. Newborns Sophia and Diana are being kept safe at the Ohmadyt Children's Hospital - the main paediatric centre in the metropolis. Surrounded by bottles of formula milk and thick fleece blankets, the baby girls are among dozens forced below ground. Their parents had dreamed of welcoming them into a safe, clean world and a loving, calm environment surrounded by friends and family, nurses, doctors and life-saving equipment. Instead there is the insistent high-pitched mechanical wail of danger. The sirens jolt the tots, as another attack comes closer. Vladimir Putin's men are closing in with their weapons of death and destruction. The Kyiv hospital is typical of many across the country that have moved their practice underground. They continue to provide the greatest of care, despite the threat of bombs and rockets. New mum Viktoria, 32, told of her ordeal as she gave birth to son Fedor last Friday. She said: "Me and my husband were afraid to drive to the hospital because of the explosions. First we had to spend about 30 minutes in a queue to get gas. "Then we were riding through Kyiv. I'd never seen such an empty city.We heard the sound of sirens. "It was scary, like a movie, but I tried to stay positive. While I was pregnant I had taken yoga classes, prepared for gentle birth-giving, took courses. It wasn't like this. When we entered the shelter we were shocked. It was built in Soviet times and wasn't maintained - it was crumbling and very wet and cold. Exhausted "I was so happy when I saw my son, Fedor. As I held him in the bunker, I said to him: 'You're lucky, you're unique, you're born in Ukraine, you're a new Ukrainian'." Meanwhile, an exhausted male nurse in scrubs is seen in tears, putting his face in his hands, as yet another siren sounds. Doctors have warned of the dark days ahead as they try to treat children with cancer and other serious diseases. Experts fear for a generation of Ukrainian youngsters who will die as illnesses are left undiagnosed due to shattered infrastructure. Dr Lesia Lysytsia warned: "We can calculate how many people or soldiers have died in attacks, but we will never be able to calculate how many patients were not diagnosed of a disease in time." Meanwhile, the world will continue to welcome the youngest innocents of war. New life will prevail - as it should.