Joe Ricketts has been linked with a bid to buy Chelsea - and back in 2019 issued an apology after appearing to make racist comments in a string of offensive emails. The American billionaire is the head of the Ricketts family, who also owns the Chicago Cubs. The family issued a statement on Wednesday afternoon confirming their interest in striking a deal for the Blues. Roman Abramovich announced earlier this month that he was set to bring the curtain down on his 19-year trophy-laden time at the helm in west London - just days before he was slapped with sanctions by the UK Government. As a result, the Blues are now operating on a special license which allows the club to run but prohibits them from bringing in any additional revenue. That's left Chelsea in limbo - but a string of wealthy suitors are now lining up to purchase the club from Abramovich ahead of Friday's deadline. The Ricketts family became the latest high-profile candidates to register their interest in the club on Wednesday afternoon. The family have enjoyed a fruitful stint at the helm of the Cubs, who are one of America's most successful Major League Baseball teams. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign However, just a few years ago their dad Ricketts appeared to make racist comments in a leaked email, which included him stating that "Muslims are my enemy". Ricketts also made a number of other controversial comments in the string of emails that were leaked by Splinter back in 2019. Shortly afterwards, Ricketts released a statement on his official website apologising for the emails. The statement read: “I deeply regret and apologize for some of the exchanges I had in my emails. Sometimes I received emails that I should have condemned. Other times I’ve said things that don’t reflect my value system. I strongly believe that bigoted ideas are wrong.” The Ricketts family purchased the Cubs back in 2009 and it was during his tenure that the team ended their agonising 108-year for a title after they clinched the World Series back in 2016. Since then, the family have overseen an extensive renovation of the Cubs' iconic Wrigley Field Stadium. It remains to be seen if the Ricketts family will be given the green light to pursue a deal for Chelsea. A number of other wealthy parties have gone public with their intent to table a bid. US hedge fund entrepreneur Ken Griffin is also involved in the Ricketts' bid, but they're likely to face fierce competition in the form of rival bids from around 20 serious parties. British billionaire Nick Candy has already expressed an interest in succeeding Abramovich, while the tandem of Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss and Todd Boehly are also in the race. New York Jets co-owner Woody Johnson is also reportedly in the running to purchase the club.