Tottenham reportedly retain an interest in Sampdoria winger Mikkel Damsgaard, who is a player the club will consider signing this summer upon his return from a lengthy lay-off. The 21-year-old put his name up in light at the European Championships last summer when he starred for the Danish national team on their way to a semi-final defeat to England. Damsgaard had put his country ahead at Wembley against the Three Lions with a stunning long-range free-kick that flashed past Jordan Pickford. Yet since then, it's been a rough ride for the nimble forward, who has suffered with arthritis - resulting in five months on the sidelines. However, Football.London are reporting that Tottenham are interested in a deal for the versatile young prospect, who still has plenty of room for development. Damsgaard built a reputation as one of Denmark's brightest talents before being signed by Sampdoria from Nordsjaelland in 2020. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee He looked destined to leave the Italian club after Euro 2020 but Sampdoria priced potential suitors out of a deal. And Spurs could be primed to explore a deal now that his stock has fallen. The skillful dibbler has played just seven times in Serie A this season and has not featured since October. He has now returned to training though as agent Jens Orgaard shed light on his client's health scare. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Orgaard told newspaper Secolo XIX: "It was a very aggressive form of arthritis. There was no improvement, it felt like it was never going to heal, but thanks to the collaboration between Italian and Danish rheumatologists, a new therapy was designed and gave an excellent response.” Damsgaard has now given his first interview since returning to the training pitch, telling Sampdoria's YouTube channel: “It’s a very good feeling to be back here, I’m very happy to get to see the teammates again. The squad is different from when last I was here. “I missed Italy and the good weather, so I’m very happy. I got a lot of support from my family, my teammates, it made me really happy and made me want to work harder, as they said they were waiting for me and can’t wait to see me again. “It’s nice to be back. It’s difficult to explain, but I’ve been sick, in the hospital. It’s been tough, but I’ve gotten over it, I got the right medicine, I am working hard to play again because I want to do what I love and that’s playing football. “I’m very happy that now I feel good again. The club were very good to me, allowed me to go home so I could see my family and friends because in hospital it’s nice to see your family. I’ve also been training very hard to come back here.” Tottenham could be on the lookout for wide players this summer, particularly at wing-back - a position Damsgaard has been utilised at before. Adama Traore is another player that could yet fall under consideration with Barcelona currently undecided on their £29m option to buy. The jet-heeled Spaniard is currently on loan from Wolves, who are expected to sell at the end of the season after failing to agree a new contract. Tottenham wanted Adama last summer but could not get a deal over the line before Barcelona pounced.