People throughout the East of England across Suffolk, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire lost all power. There has been widespread problems on travel networks, with Thameslink trains unable to stop at St Albans. UK Power Networks has apologised for the disruption and said it is down to a "fault on the electricity network".  The firm said more than 5,000 properties have been impacted in 67 postcode areas. According to a power cut map from UK Power Networks, most incidents are expected to be fixed between 9pm and 10pm. Several large towns in Hertfordshire, including St Albans, have been plunged into darkness, with all street lights off. Some of the incidents have been fixed, with power back on in St Albans, Hatfield and Potters Bar. On the national railways, both Thameslink and Great Northern have reported disruption. A Thameslink spokesperson said: "No trains are able to call at St Albans this evening - this is due to a local power cut in the area. "Where possible, you should delay travel. "Necessary journeys will take longer to complete and add 30-45 minutes on to your journey time." READ MORE: 'We're being ignored!' Dublin furious at UK playing Brexit hardball  Several people took to Twitter to post pictures, videos and comments about the power cut. "Dan Daws" (@GoonerDaws) posted a video inside a kebab shop that appeared to have an emergency power backup system. He wrote: "Huge power cut in St Albans. Complete darkness everywhere. "Everyone on the streets. Was like the purge." DON'T MISSASDA kicks carer out as they 'don't like way he shops' [REPORT]Electric cars: The 5 electric cars with the longest mileage range [ANALYSIS]Putin warned he could be 'assassinated by his own daughter' [COMMENTS] The Twitter user added in another tweet: "Seriously tho that power cut was such a strange moment. "Nobody in St Albans with any phone signal. "Wiped out everyone’s phone. Everywhere pitch black. Proper surreal Fellow Twitter user Gail Jackson (@grandfatherfrog) wrote: "Huge power cut for over two hours across Herts, Cambs, Suffolk and Beds tonight.   "No internet, no mobile phone coverage…old fashioned phone and line was only communication." Twitter user "Peter Edmunds (@edmunds_dr) said: "Big power cut in St. Albans. "My partner’s a teacher too and lost power during a parents evening. "We plugged a light into a battery bank and carried on using mobile internet. That’s a first!"   Great Northern Rail wrote on Twitter: "Services are being disrupted by station lighting problems. "The following stations can not be served: Potters Bar; Brookmans Park; Welham Green and Hatfield." The rail firm said in a separate tweet: "@UKPowerNetworks have reported a power cut in the local area. "We are working with local stations to source emergency lighting and trains will not call in the interest of safety." "Rail replacement buses have been requested but not yet confirmed. "If you are travelling to or from one of these stations and have not begun your journey we strongly advise delaying your journey until the issue is rectified." 