Bowel cancer UK has warned that roughly one in 15 men and one in 18 women will be diagnosed with the disease, also known as colon cancer. Many early warning symptoms pertain to toilet habits, but lesser-known signs may include an unusual sensation after eating. Having a persistent lower abdominal pain, bloating or unintentional weight loss are lesser-known symptoms of the disease. Experiencing discomfort, particularly after eating is another symptom to be aware of. See a GP If you have any of the symptoms of bowel cancer for three weeks or more, advises the NHS. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Drug recalled as it may cause ‘adverse health consequences’ Stomach pain, discomfort or bloating always brought on by eating are signs you may be at risk of bowel cancer according to Health and Safety Executive. The health site added: “This can sometimes result in a reduction in the amount of food eaten and weight loss. “Other symptoms include a persistent change in bowel habit including going more often and with looser stools or blood in your poo especially if mixed through the stool.” Cancer cells actually consume the body’s energy as they continue to multiply. A tumour could be blocking the colon or your intestinal tract which prevents adequate absorption of nutrients causing weight loss. Bowel cancer used to be thought of as a disease for older people, but more young adults are being diagnosed each year. This type of cancer is quite preventable through regular screening tools. The NHS says that smoking may increase your chances of getting bowel cancer, and that bowel cancer is more common in overweight or obese people. The national health body adds:” Some people also have an increased risk of bowel cancer because they've had another condition, such as extensive ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease in the colon for more than 10 years.” According to Cancer Research UK, a linked risk factor is obesity. "It is estimated that 11 out of 100 bowel cancers (11 percent) in the UK are linked to being overweight or obese." According to Bowel Cancer UK, early symptoms may include: