Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta may eventually regret his decision not to substitute Aaron Ramsdale during the loss to Liverpool last Wednesday. Ramsdale played the full 90 minutes as Liverpool ran out 2-0 winners at the Emirates. The England international was guilty of a big error which led to Diogo Jota’s opening goal for the Reds. Ramsdale let Jota’s shot from a tight angle in at his near post and Jurgen Klopp’s side scored again soon after to all but seal the win. Bernd Leno was seen warming up early in the second half, before Jota’s goal, which would suggest Ramsdale was carrying a knock. Lo and behold, the 23-year-old was absent for the trip to Aston Villa on Saturday. Ramsdale travelled with the Arsenal squad but a hip injury meant he was unavailable for selection. Arteta confirmed before the match that his keeper would be spending a few weeks on the sidelines, ruling him out of the England squad for the upcoming friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. READ MORE: UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after Champions League draw  Ramsdale has been one of Arsenal’s best players this term and one of the signings of the season in the Premier League. His presence at the back has been a calming influence on the defence and he has far better distribution than Leno. So any length of absence is going to make a difference to Arsenal’s chances of picking up victories. Arsenal are aiming to finish in the top four for the first time since 2016. Arteta has a small squad to pick from so needs his best players available. But he may regret not substituting Ramsdale before his mistake against Liverpool. DON'T MISSBarcelona may offer two players to Tottenham for Reguilon with 'swap most likely' [REPORT]Man Utd 'very hot' on signing £63m-rated star who is Ralf Rangnick favourite [RUMOUR]Man Utd already have their own hybrid of 'Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo' [REPORT]  Arsenal were on top before Jota’s strike and Ramsdale’s injury may well have played a part in him not being able to get down quick enough to stop the shot. Liverpool ultimately could have won the game anyway even if Ramsdale was taken off but the first goal was a big game changer. That extra point, or perhaps even three, that Arsenal missed out on could prove costly at the end of the season. It could also be a possibility that Ramsdale made the injury worse because he stayed on, therefore meaning he faces a further spell out of the team. Arteta will be praying that is not the case ahead of some vital matches against the likes of Chelsea and Manchester United in the coming weeks.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here