Everton star Dele Alli was left disconcerted in north London last night on his return to Tottenham, with the Lilywhites turning in a five-star performance with a 5-0 drubbing of Frank Lampard's side. And Harry Redknapp has claimed Alli looked 'embarrassed' after his trip back to his former stadium.  Everton started the game just one point above the relegation zone, wary that a heavy defeat would limit them in the relegation battle in terms of goal difference. But the Toffees players could not stop a Tottenham onslaught that saw them three goals down at the interval. Goals from Harry Kane and Son Heung-min followed Michael Keane's own goal opener to leave Lampard's men deflated and mentally defeated. Sergio Reguilon and another Kane strike made it five before the hour mark, and the Merseyside club did well to limit their opponents to what they had. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "What’s happened to Dele Alli? Frank brought him in and was so excited about signing him, there’s got to be something wrong with what he’s doing as he can’t get in the team," Redknapp said to talkSPORT. “He goes back to Tottenham last night and it’s almost embarrassing. He was such a big player and when you go back to your old club you don’t want to sit on the bench. “You want to show them what you can do. He’s done nothing since he’s been there. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing  “I’ve been one of his biggest fans, but there’s a few of them that need to start performing as they are in desperate trouble.” The Milton Keynes-born star has made five appearances for the Toffees since his move, although he has only featured for 138 minutes and has no goals or assists. Everton have won just one of their last ten games, and fans will be expecting the former England international to produce something to fire them out of relegation trouble. And Lampard slammed the performance his players put in in the capital. “Really good last week – discipline, gameplan, work ethic. And we started the game well today. The first 15 minutes looked like I wanted it to, but the crucial part of Tottenham’s game as a counterattacking team is to find space behind you and the players were aware of that and didn’t deal with it. If you’re going to do that you make your own problems," Lampard said. “The main issues were mistakes and bad defending for the goals. It wasn’t just the defensive situations – at the top end of the pitch we didn’t show enough. Even when we were in relative control we didn’t threaten their backline. There’s a clear discrepancy in home and away form, issues that were there before me and don’t take care of themselves overnight. "But rather than being about home and away, if you make those mistakes you’re going to struggle. It’s important to remain positive but we can’t shy away from the mistakes we made tonight.”