Experts at Swinton Insurance are warning drivers to never apologise when they are involved in a car accident, even if they feel like they want to. There is a process for determining fault, so it is best for drivers to leave the investigation to the car insurance companies, or the police depending on the situation. Even if a driver is certain they were at fault, they should still refrain from apologising. They should be polite to the other road user, ensure everyone involved is ok and “avoid” discussing what has happened. Sam Dawson, Head of Product at Swinton Insurance, urged drivers to learn what to do in the event of an accident. They said: “Car accidents can be shocking and stressful, and as a driver, they can really knock your confidence. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone “Unfortunately, car accidents are relatively common in the UK. “In 2019, there were 117,536 reported accidents across the country — all varying in severity. “With the increasing complexity, and sometimes uncertainty around using smart motorways, there is a concern that this could inadvertently lead to accidents. “It is important to know what you should do in the situation of a traffic collision, not just for your insurance, but for your safety, too.” DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Parking law changes will 'protect car park users' with reduced fines [INSIGHT] After an accident, the very first thing a driver should do is to stop the car, no matter how minor it is. Hazard lights should be switched on to warn other drivers, with motorists being advised to call the police or for medical assistance if necessary. Whether or not a car accident is a driver’s fault, it is vital that key details are shared between those involved. This includes insurance details, registration numbers, names and addresses. It could also be worth taking note of the names and addresses of any witnesses, details of any police officers at the scene as well as the date and time. If it is safe to do so, pictures of the scene should be taken, with all vehicles involved, any marks on the road or damage to lamp posts or bollards. It could also be useful to take photos of the weather or bad road conditions, as this could show that other factors were responsible. A spokesperson for Swinton Insurance also warned that drivers should immediately tell their car insurance provider. They said: “Most insurers require you to report any accidents, even if you don't intend to make a claim, so be sure to inform your provider as soon as possible. “Your insurer will ask for all of the details of the crash, including the information that you took from the others’ involved. “Depending on the type of insurance you have, your insurer may also be able to rearrange onward travel for you or even a courtesy car.”