Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. When it comes to weight loss, Dr Mosley has previously recommended his Fast 800 diet, especially for beginners. The diet plan helps slimmers lose weight “fast” and is comprised of three components: the Mediterranean diet, intermittent fasting, and time-restricted eating. Those following the diet are urged to eat 800 calories or fewer a day. The plan also outlines the foods and ingredients dieters should eat to stick to this recommended calorie count. READ MORE: Prince Harry's 'change of diet' is 'indicative of Meghan’s influence' Since the Mediterranean diet is a huge part of The Fast 800, these foods include plenty of fruit and vegetables, legumes, nuts, lentils, and more. Dr Mosley said these are “some of the healthiest ingredients on the planet”. To help slimmers reduce the number of calories they consume, Dr Mosley has also advised against snacking. He has shared his top tips on how to reduce – and avoid – snack consumption. DON'T MISS: Nutritionist shares diet plan that’s ‘really good for weight loss’ [EXCLUSIVE]Weight loss and mental health: 7 steps to help you 'lose weight' [GUIDE]Weight loss: Woman shed 1.5st in just 12 weeks - diet & exercise plan [PICTURES] Surprisingly, eating dairy products can help with this and, consequently, contribute to weight loss. Dr Mosley explained: “Full fat milk and yoghurt is encouraged. “To people’s great surprise, including me, there have been a large number of recent studies demonstrating that full-fat milk drinkers not only tend to be slimmer than those on lower-fat varieties, but also have a lower risk of metabolic syndrome – or raised blood pressure, elevated blood sugars and raised levels of fats in the blood that can increase your risk of heart disease. “The likely explanation, according to studies, is that consuming high-fat dairy products keeps you fuller for longer, reducing the lure of sugary snacks.” Another way to feel fuller for longer is to stay hydrated, according to the nutrition expert. He continued: “Drinking plenty of water can keep the hunger at bay. “You can also try adding fresh ginger, a slice of fresh lemon or lime to hot water or to sparkling water. “Black coffee and tea are fine to have during your fasting hours.” Exercise is just as important as diet and this too can “prevent cravings from taking over”. Dr Mosley advised doing just a few minutes exercise a day. Even walking up the stairs a few times can act as exercise – as long as you’re moving. The doctor added: “As soon as you have finished the last meal of the day, brush your teeth. “It’ll help you to keep away from snacks and nibbles. “It is also psychological trigger that this is the end of the day.”