Oscar Isaac is the latest Marvel superhero to grace the small screen, with him appearing as the title hero Moon Knight in the soon to be released Disney Plus show. Ahead of the show's streaming platform premiere, several of the show's stars made a guest appearance at an advanced screening at the British Museum in London, which just so happens to be a key location in the action-packed series. Moon Knight sees Steven Grant and mercenary Marc Spector (played by Oscar Isaac) thrust into an Egyptian feud between gods as the pair investigate mysteries from inside the same body. The 43-year-old has also appeared in another Marvel comic-inspired project playing the role of En Sabah Nur/Apocalypse in the blockbuster film X-Men: Apocalypse. The star revealed that he didn't know much about the character ahead of receiving the offer. He said: "Well, I was approached about Moon Knight, and I said, 'What?' Read More: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show 'Should've done earlier'  "Who? I was not aware of Moon Knight, and I did a deep dive into him and I saw an opportunity to tell a story that is both incredible and a physiological thriller." Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, he continued: "It's a horror but also at the root of it is an exploration of a man's battle with mental health issues, and ultimately, it's a story of integration and healing from trauma. "So from all of that in the package of this Marvel superhero movie [TV show] it was like an 'offer I couldn't refuse' [said in a Marlon Brando Godfather voice]." He attended the event with several cast members, including fellow leads Ethan Hawke, who plays Arthur Harrow, and May Calamawy, who plays Layla El-Faouly. Despite Moon Knight making an appearance in the 1970s, he is a lesser-known Marvel character. The Star Wars actor had his work cut out for him playing a role with a split personality. As Steven Grant he believes he is an ordinary British Museum gift shop worker from London, but he soon discovers that his insomnia and blackouts are linked to a dual life he lives as American military expert Marc Spector. Through both a blessing and a curse from the Egyptian moon god Khonshu he is recruited to do his bidding and is given extraordinary abilities in exchange. DON’T MISS…Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster to exit in heartbreaking Abi Franklin twist? [SPOILERS]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [LATEST] Fans will have to wait to see if this partnership will last, as Steven is less than happy with the situation. "It is astounding that we got to tell this kind of story that's so complicated and experimental on such a massive stage which is Marvel," he told Associated Press at the event. On having to jump from character to character and swap accents, he added: "One is always looking for different facets of a character but to actually literally have them be separate identities and to be able to invest in their physicality and accents, and all of that was a lot of fun." Ethan Hawke plays villainous cult leader Arthur Harrow who has had a previous run-in with the moon god. Once acting as the avatar for Khonshu, much like Marc, he now worships the Egyptian god Ammit who gives him powers to seek justice and judge those for their sins while trying to bring the god to the earthly plane.  Moon Knight is the fourth live-action Marvel Universe Show to premiere on Disney Plus, following Wandavision, The Falcon and The Winter Soldier, Loki and Hawkeye. Also set to air in the near future are the highly anticipated live-action shows Ms. Marvel and She-Hulk. The animated show What If? has also been picked up for a second series which explores multiple storylines and how they could have played out differently. Disney Plus viewers also now have the option to watch the previous hit Netflix shows Marvel's Daredevil, Marvel's Jessica Jones, Marvel's Luke Cage, Marvel's Iron Fist, Marvel's The Defenders, and Marvel's The Punisher as well as Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Moon Knight premieres on Disney Plus on March 30. 