The incident took place at around 5.30pm on Thursday after police were called to reports of fighting. According to reports, the teenager was found at the scene with stab wounds after the police along with the London Ambulance Service reached the area. The teenager was immediately rushed to the hospital where his condition was assessed as not life-threatening. However, the police later arrested the boy on suspicion of being in possession of an offensive weapon. Islington police have imposed a Section 60 in the area. A Section 60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 allows a police officer to stop and search a person without suspicion. This is different from ordinary 'stop and search' because it means the police don't need to have 'reasonable grounds' in order to complete a stop and search. A crime scene reportedly remains in place in Islington and enquiries are ongoing. The Section 60 order will be in place until at least 5am on Friday (March 25). A tweet from Islington Police said: “A S60 order has been authorised by Insp Chapman following an incident this evening in Northampton Park. “This will cover the N1, N5, N7, N16, and EC1 postcode areas in Islington until 0500 on Friday 25th March.” READ MORE: UK snow forecast: Shock snow blast to hit in insane -8C weather plunge  Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting CAD 5493/24Mar. To remain anonymous contact the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. Meanwhile, several stabbing incidents have been reported in London on Thursday, a news report stated. According to MyLondon, four people have been stabbed leaving one dead in separate crime incidents in the city on Thursday. DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snubDan Wootton lashes out at Meghan Markle amid Jamaica;s royal tour rowRAC warns penny pinching Brits hit by record-high prices at the pump The incidents happened all on the same day also left a man in his 20s fighting for his life after a stabbing at a supermarket and a teenager in hospital with stab wounds.