Boris Johnson has said he believes Russia is gearing up to use chemical weapons in Ukraine after Kremlin officials alleged without firm evidence that the US had been supporting a bioweapons programme in the war-torn country. On Wednesday, Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said the Kremlin has obtained documents displaying evidence that the US had supported such an operation in Ukraine, involving plague, cholera and anthrax. Western powers, including Kyiv, have said the claims are untrue, and Mr Johnson accused Russia of using it as an excuse to launch a “false flag” operation. He said on Thursday: “The stuff that you're hearing about chemical weapons is straight out of their playbook. "They start saying that there are chemical weapons that have been stored by their opponents or by the Americans. "And so when they themselves deploy chemical weapons, as I fear they may, they have a sort of maskirovka - a fake story - ready to go.  READ MORE: 'Fearless' Ukrainian soldiers say goodbye to loved ones "You've seen it in Syria. You saw it even in the UK. That's what they're already doing. It is a cynical, barbaric government." His claim has been backed by the US Government. White House press secretary Jen Psaki says false Russian claims about alleged US chemical weapons in Ukraine may be pretext. In a press conference on Wednesday, she said: “Now that Russia has made these false claims, and China has seemingly endorsed this propaganda, we should all be on the lookout for Russia to possibly use chemical or biological weapons in Ukraine, or to create a false flag operation using them.” A “false flag operation” is a political or military action that is made to appear to have been carried out by a group that is not genuinely responsible. Russia is pushing the agenda that its invasion, to “demilitarise” and “denazify” Ukraine, is legitimate. But there are no credible grounds for Russia’s claims - hence the suspicion from Western powers that the Kremlin could stage a chemical attack as a pretext for further aggression towards Ukraine.  DON'T MISSWhat the government SHOULD be doing to stop Russian money laundering [ANALYSIS]Why we should be proud of Ukraine action - GARETH BACON MP [OPINION]Putin leaves major city in ruins as 48 schools destroyed after bombing [REPORT] This claim made by Mr Johnson has been backed by the former chief of UK defence intelligence, Philip Osbourne, who said Russia are using narrative to "pre-empt" their use in Ukraine, or an excuse for why the invasion happened in the first place. He said: "The challenge is knowing which one - and that's part of what the West now has to grapple with, and what does it mean for Ukraine and the rest of the world. He also said that if Russia did use chemical weapons it would be a "significant escalation” of the crisis and “would be disproportionate to anything we've seen". He continued: "We can never know what Putin's thinking, you know what he's saying and doing, but not what he's thinking. It's really dangerous to be really definite." Jonathan Powell, former chief of staff to Tony Blair, made it clear that if chemical weapons were used in Ukraine, the West would have no choice but to intervene in the war. He said: "If he [President Putin] starts using those on the population in Ukraine I really do not see how we could stand by. "Because we would have to fear for ourselves that he might use these barbaric weapons on us as well."