The BBC have apologised after their coverage of the FA Cup fifth round clash between Middlesbrough and Tottenham suffered a repeated loss of pictures. Championship side Middlesbrough hosted Antonio Conte's Spurs side at the Riverside on Tuesday. But fans were not able to see every kick of the match. Middlesbrough were proving to be a surprisingly tough test for their Premier League opponents. Chris Wilder's side, who knocked Manchester United out in the previous round, were looking to cause another upset. But the fans of both clubs will have been frustrated by the BBC's disrupted coverage. The screen went blank in the 72nd minute of the match, showing just a black screen as well as the score and time. TOP STORY: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich 'considering selling club' with three bidders ready  However, once the pictures did return, the scoreline and time disappeared. Coverage was again disrupted a few minutes later. BBC iPlayer viewers also received a yellow screen outlining a temporary fault with the channel. Commentator Guy Mowbray apologised for the incidents, saying: "Apologies if you're not getting the full breadth of coverage tonight over the last few minutes. "There have been quite a few technical issues." DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up [EXCLUSIVE]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS]  The score returned to the top-left of the screen but the time was nowhere to be seen before the 90 minutes were up. Fans made their feelings clear on the coverage on Twitter. One wrote: "FA Cup coverage of the Middlesbrough v Spurs game is prob one of the worse I've seen. Nearly as bad as Spurs playing." "What are BBC playing at tonight? This live coverage has been a complete joke!" tweeted another. One Tottenham fan clearly wasn't impressed with his team's performance, writing: "This BBC coverage is having as much of a stinker as we are!!"  Gary Lineker appeared to have problems with his microphone in the studio at the end of 90 minutes. The presenter also confirmed the match will switch to BBC 2 at 10pm to make way for the news. The tie headed into extra-time and coverage appeared to have returned to normal. However, just minutes into the first period the screen momentarily turned black again, with the score and time vanishing upon the coverage's return. 