Jeremy Clarkson’s right-hand man, Kaleb Cooper, 22, has let fans into a major setback on the farm when he started work on Monday morning. The Clarkson’s Farm star shared a clip to his one million Instagram followers, asking whether all farmers have faced challenges today. The video showed Kaleb’s broken-down tractor which was being jump started by his silver car. He wrote alongside the clip: “Love Monday challenges. “I’m sure every farm has them??” Kaleb joined Amazon Prime’s Clarkson’s Farm in 2021 and, after Jeremy took a liking to him, he has become a fixture in the Diddly Squat Farm team, helping Jeremy to keep things running smoothly. READ MORE:'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star Earlier this week, Kaleb gave Jeremy a bit of a telling off after the presenter shared a scenic clip of the Chipping Norton fields which appeared to be taken from a helicopter. In view of his 4.5 million followers, Jeremy wrote: “Diddly Squat in the spring time.” Kaleb was not impressed and questioned what Jeremy was doing. He wrote: “What you doing up there? “Get back on the ground and do some work.” Kaleb’s comment amused fans and many replied with their own anecdotes from the show. Peter joked: “He’s rounding his sheep up, the drone wasn’t good enough.” Rachel echoed: “He’s doing a thing!” DON'T MISS'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[LATEST]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS] And Clare laughed: “Crop spreading!” It comes after Jeremy admitted he has been facing severe difficulties on the farm after his whole team contracted Covid. He confessed that in the past, he always had “people to mend the stuff” he got wrong, but last week he had been holding the fort on his own as the team “laid low” with the virus. Writing in his column for The Sun, The Grand Tour star said: “Luckily, I have led a healthy life so I'm still OK. "Although it did take me eight hours to muck out and feed the cows on Wednesday. "A job Kaleb normally does in about four minutes." Clarkson’s Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime.