Kate Middleton and Prince William have spent two full days in the Caribbean for their royal tour. They are currently in Belize, where they visited the Garifuna community and learned about their traditions in Hopkins. In pictures released of the couple’s trip, royal fans took to social media about Kate’s footwear.  They were astonished that the Duchess appeared to be wearing an anklet with her Espadrille shoes. The anklet was revealed to be part of her Stella McCartney Hestia Espadrille shoes. The Stella McCartney website says: “Stella McCartney’s ‘Hestia’ espadrilles are so comfortable to wear and offer versatility when it comes to styling. “This pair is woven from breathable raffia and has a round toe with jute cap at the front.  READ MORE: Camilla in jeopardy of Kate overshadowing next to be Queen Consort “The gold anklet is removable.” The shoes plus the attached anklet can be purchased from Net-A-Porter for a whopping £350. Royal fans flooded to social media to express their love for Kate’s new fashion trend. Twitter user @KateMCambridge said: “Is an anklet the next fashion trend set up by the Duchess of Cambridge?”  Another fan, @Madamdefa wrote: “I saw that the chain is actually attached to the shoe and is not a separate anklet.” Royal watcher @kezia_bloom added: “It's customary for Indian women and many African countries women do wear them all the time. “Maybe to some Britons like you, it will be a new trend.” Another Twitter user @Eleanorlous posted: “Um, is Kate wearing an anklet?”  Royal fan @jennife73333895 replied saying: “Yes she is, and it is beautiful on her.” Social media user @RoyallyBlunt said in excitement: “Catherine is wearing an anklet!” Royal watcher @Lunmsy wrote: “Ah, they’re lovely shoes.” Photos on Instagram also caused royal fans to get excited over Kate’s new jewellery choice.  Instagram user @smithdevriesjacqueline said: “Love that Kate wears an ankle chain.” Another fan, @vickyvamvaka added: “I have never seen the Duchess so happy and relaxed.” Kate paired her anklet with a Tory Burch blue midi dress decorated with beautiful flowers. The Duchess also wore some Ray-Ban brown sunglasses along with a pair of Sezane ‘Charlie’ earrings in threaded blue. 