Roger Federer has shared an update on his potential comeback after returning to the practice court. The 40-year-old has not played since Wimbledon last year when he suffered a "setback" with his ongoing knee injury and had his third surgery in 18 months. After Rafael Nadal surpassed the record for most male singles Grand Slam titles previously shared with Federer and Novak Djokovic, the Swiss star has now fired a warning at his rivals as he admitted he felt positive about a return. Federer has finally been able to return to the practice court and begin hitting balls again for the first time since going under the knife last summer. The 20-time Major champion has battled on ongoing right knee surgery which also saw him have two procedures in 2020 after ending his season at the conclusion of the Australian Open. He has given little away about his ongoing rehab and recovery but told his sponsor CreditSuisse last month that he would begin hitting again and know more about a potential comeback in April or May. It now seems he is feeling good about making another return from the knee surgery after a short-lived comeback in March 2021, that saw him play five tournaments before ending his season again. The former world No 1 gave an update in the foreward for his recent 2021 annual report for the Roger Federer Foundation, of which he is the president. Looking back on his initial return at the ATP 250 in Doha last March, Federer was hopeful he would get a second chance at a comeback from the ongoing issue. JUST IN: Russian tennis star sends message to UK Government  "After many months of battling injury, my return to the tour in March, after my first operation, highlighted and energized me to continue my tennis career," he wrote. "I’m grateful for every minute I was able to spend with my fans and tennis family on court." Federer won his first match over Dan Evans in Doha before losing in the second round. It was one of nine wins he scored across five tournaments, including a Wimbledon quarter-final appearance, before he decided to have a third surgery and he is hopeful he can return to the "highest level" after his experience last year. He continued: "My experience in Doha illustrated to me that my journey as an elite athlete isn’t over yet. The progress I make every day strengthens my belief that I will be healthy and strong enough to return to the tennis court at the highest level." DON'T MISSNadal sends Alcaraz message ahead of Indian Wells all-Spanish semiKyrgios tracks down ball boy to gift his racket after Nadal incidentMurray pointed out Alcaraz's Nadal-like quality before Indian Wells    The update comes as Federer shared his first piece of footage from his recent return to the practice courts on Saturday. The former world No 1 also recently announced he would be pledging almost £400k to help those affected by the conflict in Ukraine via his Roger Federer Foundation. "Through the Roger Federer Foundation, we will be supporting 'War Child Holland' with a donation of $500,000 to establish access to continued schooling for Ukrainian children," he wrote in a statement on Twitter. As for a potential return date, the eight-time Wimbledon champion is highly unlikely to return to the All England Club this summer but has signed himself up for the Laver Cup in September, this year being held in London's O2 Arena.