 The Prince of Wales visited St Luke's Church in Earl's Court on Wednesday, where he met Ukrainian Andriy Kopylash and his daughter Veronika. Both are being supported by Holy Trinity Brompton Church (HTB), having left their home country due to fears over the Russian invasion. Charles heard about the services HTB has put in place, including English lessons and medical care, to support refugees and asylum seekers.  The prince praised the work of the church, saying he had the “greatest admiration” for those who are “making such a difference to the lives” of the refugees. Charles has openly condemned the actions of Vladimir Putin and the Russian invasion of Ukraine. During a visit to Southend-on-Sea last week, the royal described Russia's invasion of Ukraine as a "brutal aggression". He compared the conflict in Ukraine to the murder of the MP Sir David Amess, saying that he had stood for democracy and freedom. JUST IN: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!'  He said: "We are seeing those same values under attack today in Ukraine in the most unconscionable way.” Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers commended Charles in a recent podcast on the way he spoke out about the conflict. Speaking on Thursday’s episode of Pod Save The Queen, he said the prince had made a “big play” in his statement. He said: “The royals have a duty to get the message out there. The only thing they can do is show up to these events and show solidarity. “It’s a big play for him [Charles]... “We often talk about the world of politics and royalty, and they don’t necessarily cross over, but for him to say: ‘We stand shoulder to shoulder with you in solidarity, the brutal Russian aggression…’  “He’s been saying this time and time again over the last couple of weeks, and that is commendable because those words get picked up, and when you’re looking at the coverage about how countries and different politicians and different world leaders are showing solidarity and support — those words matter. “I’m sure that Prince Charles recognises that and of course, he can’t help the individuals, but he can try and help the greater cause.” Mr Myers added: “If anyone asks me ‘What do the Royal Family do?’ and plenty of people do — this is a moment where they can help. They can visit, they can make statements and they can show solidarity. “I think Prince Charles has done it rather well, to the best of his ability over the past few days.” DON'T MISS:  Royal Family LIVE: 'Not something he can forget about' [REVEAL] Harry mocked as Americans 'didn't even recognise' Duke at US event [INSIGHT] Harry ‘driving wedge’ through relationship with William [SPOTLIGHT]  During his visit to St Luke's Church, the Prince of Wales said: "I cannot even begin to imagine the dreadful conditions, the suffering, the agony you have all had to endure on your way to arrive here in this country.” He added: "We have enormous skill shortages in this country, where so much of what you can do could be of enormous benefit. "We are very lucky in many ways to have you and your skills and all you can bring." The prince also listened to the experiences of Mr Kopylash and his daughter. While Mr Kopylash was already in the UK when the invasion was looming, due to fears that Putin would make the order for his troops to enter Ukraine, Veronika was still stuck in Kyiv.  She managed to flee the Ukrainian capital city by boarding the last plane to Italy the night before Russian forces launched their attack. Speaking after the Prince of Wales' visit, Mr Kopylash said: "He was very open and there were tears in his eyes. "I was really impressed by him. It was very nice to meet Prince Charles. "He was really open and was really informed about the situation." On the same day, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge met volunteers at the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London. The couple heard about the efforts being made to support Ukrainians in the UK and across Europe and the challenges they face.