Newly-retired world No. 1 tennis player Ashleigh Barty has been tipped to become Australia’s amateur golf champion by World Golf Hall of Famer Karrie Webb. Barty shocked the world this week after announcing her retirement from tennis at just 25-years-old. The decision came just weeks after she had secured a third Grand Slam title after being crowned Australian Open champion in January, as well as being the world’s number one player. However, Barty decided it was time to end her career in a shock revelation on Wednesday. In a retirement statement the 25-year-old confirmed she was moving on from tennis after revealing she had ‘nothing more to give’ and was leaving to ‘chase other dreams’. Many have speculated that those ‘other dreams’ could well be a new career in golf. And following the announcement, Barty has been tipped for big things by fellow Aussie and seven-time major winner Webb. The 47-year-old will captain Australia’s golf teams at the 2024 Paris Olympics, and discussed the potential of Barty competing in two years' time. JUST IN: Tiger Woods drops Masters 2022 hint as fans notice field inclusion  She said: “I don’t see Ash wanting to do a sport where she has to travel the world, I think that’s part of what she didn’t like about tennis, being away from Australia. “[But] I wouldn’t put it past her to be Australian amateur champion one day.” The 25-year-old is no doubt an accomplished golfer, and carries an impressive scratch (zero) handicap. Now Barty can concentrate even more on her game following retirement, Webb has predicted her for greatness. The World Golf Hall of Famer continued: “I can see her working on her game and being good enough to be one of the best players in Australia.” Following the golf speculation Barty herself recently addressed the chances of her making a move over to the LPGA Tour. DON'T MISSAsh Barty's retirement leaves big hole in women's tennis Emma Raducanu will hope to fillEmma Raducanu shares sweet Ash Barty gesture as world No 1 announces shock retirementSix tennis stars who retired early after shock Ashleigh Barty announcement   Downplaying her chances she said: "No, we’ll wait and see. I got to try and learn how to hit the middle of the club face before I can think of trying to get on the tour.” Whilst the 25-year-old spoke modestly about her golf prospects, Webb expects her fellow Aussie to knuckle down and concentrate on her potential new career: “I don’t think I’ll need to get in her ear to get her to start playing more golf. “I think Ash will definitely get into her golf now. I only got the opportunity to play with her once and it wasn’t going to take much for her to be kicking my butt.” 