BBC's Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip expert David Harper has become a fan favourite during his years on viewers' TV screens. From his brightly-coloured trousers to his signature glasses, David always found the best antique finds for the lowest prices. However, he recently admitted one of his worst nightmares when dealing with up and coming dealers. On-screen, David comes across as upbeat, and his colleagues have often described that he is the same away from cameras as he is on. However, there is one thing that seems to get under the skin of the antique expert, and that is when he is dealing with younger antique dealers not knowing their background knowledge. “There are some people who really haven’t got a clue about what they have on their shelves and cabinets, and some of the prices are outrageous," he told The Yorkshire Post. "They’ll label something as ‘Art Deco’ when it is really a reproduction from the 1970s, and then to cap it all off, they’ll spell it ‘Art Deko’. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview "I’d offer this as a thought: If you can’t spell it, don’t sell it.” As well as Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip, David revealed his favourite TV show he has appeared on is the Celebrity Special of Antiques Road Trip. He revealed that it "fulfils several things", such as meeting people and handling interesting objects and adding to his understanding of history. "At the moment, I love watching the BBC’s brilliant The Repair Shop, because it ticks all my boxes. "You get to find out about an object, what it does and who it belongs – and belonged – to," he added. David is married to his wife, Wendy, who tied the knot in 1997 and have been happily married ever since. They welcomed daughter Henrietta together, but little is known about their family life as David is the only one in the spotlight. David has previously spoken about how his passion for antiques and finding the history of items came from his family, especially his mother. DON'T MISS...Richard Madley wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [INSIGHT]Tim Weeks partner: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [LATEST]Bargain Hunt expert left mum 'furious' over antique chair  [WATCH] He's previously explained: "I've been surrounded by antiques all my life, it's a family passion - my parents would always be hunting around antiques shops and auctions. "I started collecting coins and stamps at the age of five and bought my first antique at the age of nine [a Victorian silver plated basket as a birthday present for my mum]. "That along with a great love of history, it's always been the perfect business for me." Many may not know this about David, but he is also known for his artwork which has been displayed in exhibitions around the world. David often displays his artwork on his Instagram and proudly shows off his passion projects which are a side hobby for him. Alongside one of his images, he wrote: "When so many things these days are uncertain, I take great comfort in the fact that I can always paint totally mental cars if I want to! "Illustrations for my next book... the swan car actually existed!" Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC One at 12:30pm. David often displays his artwork on his Instagram and proudly shows off his passion projects which are a side hobby for him. Alongside one of his images, he wrote: "When so many things these days are uncertain, I take great comfort in the fact that I can always paint totally mental cars if I want to! "Illustrations for my next book... the swan car actually existed!" Bargain Hunt airs weekdays on BBC One at 12:30pm.