The star’s death was confirmed on Wednesday, March 30, 2022 through Instagram by his wife and mother of the pair's two children Kelsey Parker, who supported the star throughout his entire treatment. Writing on social media, Kelsey said: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. Our hearts are broken. Tom was the centre of our world and we can't imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom's light continues to shine for his beautiful children. Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I'm forever proud of you.”  Along with Kelsey, Parker’s fellow bandmates also paid tribute to their “brother”, along with a whole host of other celebrity faces. Brain Tumour Research explained that GBM is an “aggressive and incurable” tumour of the brain and spinal cord. Although never usually spreading outside of the brain, spine or central nervous system to other parts of the body the tumours are extremely “challenging” to treat because of their complex nature. The condition remains the most common type of primary malignant brain tumour in adults and the latest research indicates that GBMs are unlikely to develop from fully formed brain cells but instead develop from immature cells or stem cells which suffered DNA damage at some point during their development from a stem cell to a progenitor cell (descendants from stem cells) and a mature brain cell.  READ MORE: Pfizer vaccine: Musculoskeletal tissue and nervous system disorders reported in document Throughout his battle with GBM, Parker spoke openly about the ups and downs of his health. Speaking to an All-Parliamentary Group on brain tumours back in December, Parker said that he had suffered “moments of real sadness and darkness". The star continued to say: “I’m staggered they can find a cure for Covid within a year but, for decades on end, they haven’t found better treatments let alone a cure for brain tumours. “My diagnosis came as a complete shock. It’s been an interesting journey so far and I’ve experienced moments of real sadness and darkness. “Some of those low points I attribute to the level of toxicity in the treatment process. It’s truly horrific and disgusting but it was my only choice and I hope it did the job it needed to do.”   Despite his heartbreaking struggle, Parker documented his experience in a Channel 4 documentary titled Tom Parker: Inside My Head, which was aired as part of the Stand Up To Cancer campaign. Since that diagnosis, the singer underwent 30 radiotherapy sessions and six rounds of chemotherapy. Although the treatment enhanced his chance of prolonging his life, the star admitted that the gruelling sessions left him unable to "walk around the kitchen". More recently, Parker travelled to Spain with his wife in order to receive revolutionary treatment. Despite spending a prolonged time in hospital, the star returned to the UK in time to make multiple appearances for The Wanted’s comeback shows. He hoped the revolutionary £4,000 a week treatment in Spain might have been able to turn his condition around. Back in 2020, Parker revealed that he first started to notice something was wrong after he started to suffer from “bizarre and unexplained seizures” across a number of weeks. The American Association of Neurological Surgeons explains that symptoms of GBM may vary for individuals due to the location of the tumour, but they can include any of the following: A small percentage of patients are diagnosed with multifocal and multicentric glioblastoma, meaning there is more than one focal point within the brain for the tumour. The former has multiple areas of “high-grade cancerous formations” joined together whereas the latter is considered to be more than one GBM tumour on the brain.  Due to the complexity of the condition, treatment for GBM tumours can be extremely difficult. Brain Tumour Research explains that surgery is usually the first option for the treatment followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Surgery to remove a GBM is delicate, and aims to remove as much of the tumour as possible as well as protect the function of the healthy brain. Due to this, a neurosurgeon is limited in how much of the tumour they can remove as there is potential for GBM’s to “diffuse” with tumour cells invading healthy areas of the brain. After surgery, when the wound is healed, radiation therapy can begin. The goal of this therapy is to selectively kill the remaining tumour cells that have infiltrated the surrounding normal brain tissue. This process is repeated for a total of 10 to 30 treatments, usually given once a day, five days a week. Some individuals are also given chemotherapy, another medication that aims to kill cancer cells. As well as killing cancerous cells, chemotherapy can damage some healthy cells in your body, such as blood cells, skin cells and cells in the stomach. Due to this, individuals can experience a range of unpleasant side effects, such as: 