Bitter gusts swirling Scandinavia and Iceland will roar in ahead of the weekend turning Britain colder than Iceland. Heavy snowfall threatens disruption severe enough to trigger government weather warnings, experts warn. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “This plunge from the north, north-east, is going to bring a big change in the weather through the next few days. “It is going to turn much colder towards the latter part of the week, and with another front coming in from the Atlantic, meeting this cold air in situ, we will see the risk of snow not just to Scotland and the north, but perhaps across the Midlands and other parts of the country. “We really are talking about the weather for coats, hats, gloves and sledges. “British summer time may have just started, but in terms of the weather, British winter time is about to make a return.” After a glorious week of warm sunshine, Britain could once again be looking at temperature records tumbling. The mercury will slide through the next few days hitting a frosty -11C at the weekend and -10C during the start of next week. The record low temperature for April 4 is -11.2C recorded at Glenlivet, Moray, in 1961, while for April 7, with lows of -9C currently forecast, it is -8.9C recorded at Balmoral in 1935. Remnants of a snow deluge currently blanketing Scandinavia and Iceland will be swept into Britain on a low-pressure system from the north. Most parts of the UK will see rain on Wednesday with north-easterly winds bringing a widespread risk of snow. Eastern parts of the country will be most at risk although flurries across central and southern regions are possible. Showers will turn heavier by Thursday as a deep low-pressure system bears down on the nation. Northern and eastern regions will be in the firing line for snow although flurries could even reach southern Britain. John Hammond, meteorologist for weathertrending, said: “We are in for a big change. “We are heading towards April, but it’s not too late for some snowfall which we shall probably see later this week. “On Wednesday, a cold front moves across Scotland and it will have some snow with it, and on Thursday, even southern areas will see colder air flooding in and could see some snowfall. “On higher levels, if snow is persistent enough, watch this space. “There could be some snow warnings, you never know.” Wintry conditions will hold on into next week with harsh frosts in sub-zero temperatures becoming ‘a real issue’, he added. A Met Office spokesman said: “It is turning much colder through Wednesday as a band of rain and hill snow moves across the north. “On Thursday, rain and hill snow will clear the south, and there will be sunny spells and wintry showers elsewhere as it turns rather windy and cold. “Friday will bring sunny spells and wintry showers, mainly in the north and east, and the winds will be lighter although it will feel cold.” Weather models reveal overnight minimum temperatures across northern Britain this weekend plummeting to -11C. Elsewhere, the mercury will hover in low single figures touching freezing at night bringing frosts and morning fog. Britain is likely to turn colder than Iceland this week which will hover around a low single figures.