Fans are patiently waiting for the second season of the Netflix smash-hit Bridgerton to land. With the teaser trailer watched millions of times, all eyes appear to be on Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) and his attempt to find a wife. The stage and screen star is quiet when it comes to his private life, and with his on-screen counterpart being the talk of the town, does the star have a partner off-screen?  Jonathan Bailey has a string of TV, Film and theatre credits to his name, but Bridgerton has thrust him and his fellow castmates into a global spotlight. Bridgerton is based on a series of eight novels penned by Julia Quinn, focusing on a different Bridgerton child in each one. Fans of the books will already know what is going to happen, but the second season will focus on Anthony finding his match. The heartthrob currently has 976,000 Instagram followers who get a small glimpse into the star's life. Read More: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi Franklin blames her for losing baby? His Instagram feed showcases a collection of images from the period drama and various outings at celebrity events and holiday photographs. There are no images with a significant other at present, which would lead social media users to believe he is either single or keeping any relations under lock and key. The 33-year-old is open about his sexuality, speaking candidly on it in the past. Recalling a time when he was a young actor, a friend was warned and shared some hard advice with him.  Reminiscing, he commented: "There's two things we don't want to know: if you're an alcoholic or if you're gay." Opening up to GQ, the star dived into his personal life and when he chose to be happy instead of confirming to restrictions. He continued: "All it takes is for one of those people in that position of power to say that, and it ripples through. "So, yeah, of course, I thought that. Of course, I thought that in order to be happy I needed to be straight." DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne Battersby [SPOILERS]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST]  "I reached a point where I thought, 'F**k this,' I'd much prefer to hold my boyfriend's hand in public or be able to put my own face picture on Tinder and not be so concerned about that than get a part." With the show's world premiere on Tuesday, March 22, Jonathan stepped away from his current West End play C**K to attend but had no one at his arm. The launch of the new season this month will mean that Jonathan will be making many press appearances, so onlookers will have to wait and see if he turns up on a red carpet with a plus one. Season's one set many fans' hearts racing with its steaming scenes between diamond of the ball Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page), which begs the question will the same level of hotness be seen from Anthony Bridgerton? The star has previously opened up about the show's raunchy scenes.    On filming sex scenes, he told Radio Times: "There are new tricks to the trade – little cushions – and it's amazing what you can do with a half-inflated netball. "Well, if there are two people doing a sex scene, the rule is they must have three barriers separating them and there are certain acts where a half-inflated netball can allow for movement without having to connect physically." Until the season drops on Friday, March 23, fans will have to deal with Anthony's fleeting image with his wet shirt clinging to his body in the trail. Bridgerton season one is available to stream on Netflix now and Season two airs on March 25. 