After Bulb collapsed in November the Treasury agreed a £1.7billion bailout in order to keep the company going after it was decided moving its 1.7 million customers to alternative suppliers would prove too difficult. Meanwhile energy prices have continued to surge with the Russia Ukraine conflict pushing up wholesale costs to record levels. Administrator Teneo, who is currently running Bulb until a buyer can be found, now requires more funds in order to meet energy demands. Sky News reported that one person familiar with the situation said the amount could reach as high as £3billion given current energy prices.  A spokesperson for the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy said: "The Special Administrator of Bulb is obligated to keep costs of the administration process as low as possible, and we continue to engage closely with them throughout to ensure maximum value for money for taxpayers." Teneo did not immediately respond when asked for comment. The greater strain on the taxpayer comes at a time households are already facing rising energy bills with Ofgem's price cap rising 54 percent in April. Energy prices ballooned last year as demand surged from economies reopening after the pandemic with supply struggling to keep up.  A period of unusually slow wind speeds also added to the shortage with lower levels of electricity coming from wind power. Energy had been predicted to begin falling in price in spring however Russia's status as one of the world's largest exporters of gas and oil has derailed this. While the price cape will see a considerable increase in April the rise does not factor in the more recent increases to wholesale costs driven by the conflict. Because of these the price cap is likely to rise again in October with some estimates putting this as high as £3,000 for a typical user.  Despite the large number of firms such as Bulb which collapsed during last year's high energy prices expectation is that the current survivors will largely get through this period. CEO of Good Energy Nigel Pocklington recently told Express.co.uk: "The weakest firms or the firms with the shakiest foundations have frankly already gone, there's been a bit of a clear out already." Ofgem has previously admitted that it allowed too many suppliers with "unsustainable business models" to enter the market. The situation does however make finding a buyer for Bulb difficult with previous expectations of energy prices stabilising by spring now pushed aside   DON'T MISS: Pound and euro slump in favour of dollar [SPOTLIGHT] Ruble in freefall as Russian currency 'finds another cliff to fall off [LATEST] Energy price hike warning: £3000 cap and more frequent hikes possible [ANALYSIS] Asset manager Lazard, who were appointed to find a buyer for Bulb, have reportedly struggled so far given the high wholesale costs. Bulb declined to comment further. 