Gemma Atkinson, 37, took to Instagram and addressed giving birth to her daughter Mia back in 2019. The former Emmerdale actress revealed she still wears her "big knickers" as she discussed her toilet habits, just a couple of years since giving birth. The TV star, who is engaged to Strictly Come Dancing professional Gorka Marquez, has geared up for the release of her second book, The Ultimate Body Plan. The Hollyoaks actress shared an extract taken from her latest offering on Instagram. In view of her 1.7 million followers, the radio DJ made a candid admission about the aftermath for mothers who have given birth. In a lengthy post, Gemma penned: "Three weeks until publication day! READ MORE: Rolling Stones star Ronnie Wood, 74, kisses wife Sally, 44, at event "'The ultimate body plan for new mums' is almost here! Thought I’d share some pages from my book with you." She went on: "The Sani pads, pile cream and that first poo after a baby is what still makes me laugh looking back. "I genuinely felt I was birthing a 2nd child out my bum with that poo! Who’s with me?" The on-screen star explained that she also sticks to wearing her Bridget Jones styled underwear because they're comfortable.  Gemma added: "The big knickers I still wear occasionally because THEY ARE SO COMFY! (Sorry Gorks)." The mum-of-one also shared that she would be giving details of recipes for a variety of healthy meals. But the actress admitted that the book is not just for first-time mothers. She went on: "It’s for mums at any stage. Covering the highs & lows of pregnancy, the stuff no one ever talks about because it’s 'too much.' DON'T MISS... Max Verstappen blasted by Chris Evans for 'rude' radio comments[LATEST]Max Verstappen's girlfriend wows fans with F1 insight[PICTURES]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[ROYALS] "I went there and covered it all, tit sweat included! And also, still getting piles even with a C section! Wtf is that about? I didn’t even push her out!" Gemma finished: "Ladies, it’s not right for you to be unable to laugh, sneeze or exercise without leaking! You don’t have to live with that! "The program is for at home or in the gym. I’ve signed 500 copies available from @whsmithofficial (I’ll pop the link on my stories for those) if anyone would like to pre-order you can following the link in my bio. "Thanks so much to @headlinebooks for this incredible opportunity and to all of you for your support. I hope you enjoy it." Gemma was inundated with messages, as social media users flocked to the comment section, with many mothers relating to her post. Emz Heaton commented: "Love it! I got my big knickers out of my bag at the hospital - the midwife looked at me, shook her head and said ‘they aren’t big enough knickers!" Vic Hals agreed: "Nobody tells you about these things! The trauma." Sally Clara added: "The big pants after a C-section are a must!"