Chancellor Rishi Sunak's personal life is coming under scrutiny after his Spring statement left many in the UK still struggling with the cost of living crisis. Today, Mr Sunak claimed that his family drives a Volkswagen Golf which they are understood to use to get around London. But the Chancellor failed to mention that he owns four cars in total, as reported on Tuesday. Sources said that Mr Sunak has a high-specification Range Rover, which costs from £94,000 new. He uses the car to get around his north Yorkshire constituency in Richmond. The sources also claimed Mr Sunak owns two further vehicles – a top-of-the-range Lexus and a BMW – which are kept at his luxury property in California, as reported by The Mirror's Pippa Crerar. A new Lexus can cost between £50,000 and £80,000 while BMWs start from £30,000 and go well over six-figures for top end models. Mr Sunak was seen last week topping up a Kia Rio worth about £12,000 following his Spring Statement. He was doing so to promote a temporary 5p fuel duty cut. Mr Sunak admitted later that the car belonged to a supermarket employee, and he used £30 of his own money in order to fill up the car. The fuel duty cut may not be going as Mr Sunak had planned, however. It was reported this week that petrol stations have passed on less than half of the 5p fuel tax cut announced by the Chancellor. The cut means drivers are paying 52.92p in tax for every litre of petrol and diesel from 6pm on March 23 until March next year. But petrol prices have dropped by only 2.71p a litre and diesel by 1.59p, the AA told Sky News . The motoring organisation said the average price for a litre of petrol was now 164.59p a litre and 178.72p for diesel. The 5p tax cut means a 6p-per-litre price reduction when motorists fill up, because VAT is charged on top of fuel duty. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,465 as triple lock saved - some get less AA fuel price spokesman said: "The chancellor rode to the rescue of drivers on Wednesday and, even before the 6pm start of the fuel duty cut, drivers were reporting the price cut at some Asda forecourts. "However, on Thursday, the average price of petrol showed that less than half (2.71p) of the fuel duty cut had been passed on to drivers." Mr Sunak's wealth has often been a subject of discussion when he announces economic policies that impact millions across the UK. Before going into politics he worked for the US investment bank Goldman Sachs. He then moved into hedge fund management, and eventually set up own firm, Theleme Partners, in 2010. He was part of a small team of hedge fund bosses who shared nearly £100million after a stock market bet that lit the touch-paper on the 2008 financial crisis. Mr Sunak was a partner at the hedge fund TCI when it launched an activist campaign against the Dutch bank ABN Amro in 2007, resulting in its sale to the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS). DON'T MISS'Now we know truth' Fury as fuel retailers fail to pass on 5p duty cut [INSIGHT]Britons to pay billions in inheritance tax as house prices rise [ANALYSIS]Brits to get 'free' electricity for living near new green projects [INSIGHT] Mr Sunak’s time at TCI between 2006 and 2009 made him a multimillionaire in his mid-twenties and, according to fund managers who worked with him at the time, and set him on the road to becoming Chancellor. While the Chancellor has built a sizable fortune for himself, the majority of his wealth comes from his wife Akshata Murthy. The couple married in 2009 having met when they were studying at the prestigious Stanford Business School. Ms Murthy's father is the sixth richest man in India and is estimated to be worth around £3.1billion. She is also a fashion entrepreneur herself, running Akshata Designs.