Most drivers in the UK have to pay Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) on their car each year. It creates billions of pounds of revenue for the Government and it’s illegal to drive a car that isn’t taxed. However, there are ways to save money or avoid the levy altogether. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to motoring expert Mike Bourne, Group Marketing Director at National Tyres and Autocare about all things car tax. If you’re not using a car, declare it as SORN (Statutory Off Road Notification)Mr Bourne explained: “If you SORN your vehicle, this is where you can declare your car off road and you will no longer need to pay road tax. There is a surcharge of five percent if you decide to pay your tax either monthly or every six months. There is no surcharge if you decide to pay your tax annually. If you are looking to purchase your car tax at the cheapest rate, it would be advisable to purchase it annually.” Switching to an electric car means no road taxMr Bourne said: “You don’t pay annual road tax (Vehicle Excise Duty) if your car is a new electric or hydrogen powered or a classic car over 40 years old (free to tax, free from congestion charges and MOT exempt).“If you are a driver with a disability you may also be exempt from paying car tax.” READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water Car owners receive a refund for selling the carMr Bourne added: “If you no longer own your vehicle or it’s declared SORN, you will be able to get a refund for any full months of remaining tax.“You will need to wait for the DVLA to process your refund. If you have not received your refund after eight weeks, you should contact the DVLA. You will receive your refund by cheque." Documents needed to tax your carThere are certain documents required before you can tax your car by post or online. Mr Bourne said: “If you’re looking to tax your vehicle online, you will need your vehicle log book (V5C)."The vehicle log book will need to be registered in your name. If the vehicle is not yet registered in your name, you will need the green V5C/2 ‘new keeper’ document from the log book."If you have received a V11 form or Last Chance letter from the DVLA, you will also need this when applying to tax your vehicle." A car cannot be taxed without insurance or a logbookAs Mr Bourne explained: “No you cannot tax a car if it does not have valid car insurance."It is illegal to drive your vehicle without valid car insurance. You also cannot tax your vehicle without your logbook - you can apply for a new logbook (VC5) online and this will cost £25." How much is road tax and is it going up?As with many household costs at the moment, the cost of VED is going up. Mr Bourne said: “The price of road tax depends on when your vehicle was registered. If your vehicle was registered before March 1, 2001, your vehicle tax will be based on your vehicle size. “If your vehicle is registered between 1st March 2001 and March 31, 2017, the price will be dependent on your fuel tyre and CO2 emissions. If your car was registered on or after April 1, 2017, you will need to pay for 12 months of road tax cover based on the vehicle’s CO2 emissions from when the vehicle was first registered. Some cars are exempt completely Mr Bourne said: “There are certain vehicles which are exempt from paying road tax. If you are a driver with a disability you can apply for free vehicle tax.“If you own a classic car that is over 40 years old, this is also exempt. There will also be no tax payments if you own a new electric or hydrogen powered car.”