Russia's shock invasion of Ukraine in late February brought war to Europe for the first time in several decades and resulted in one of the deadliest ground conflicts since 1945. Putin's regime aimed to sweep the country out of Volodymyr Zelensky's control but met fierce resistance from local fighters and crippling sanctions from his western allies. As a result, Mr Zelensky is now one of the world's most celebrated leaders, with Russian troops in disarray and their country's already shaky reputation in tatters. Western intelligence shows that Putin has failed to take the land he wanted. The invasion started on February 24, with Russian forces crossing into Ukraine's mainland via Crimea and separatist states Donetsk and Luhansk. They encountered immediate opposition in Kharkiv, Mariupol and Kherson, which as of March 26, remained hotly disputed by local fighters. The latest maps show that Russian control remains subject to Ukrainian counter offences. The Institute for the Study of War (ISW), a Washington-based think tank, released maps showing pockets of resistance in Ukraine. The country's military has claimed three, each in strategically significant parts of the country. READ MORE: Panicked Russian troops open fire as protesters defy orders Kyiv, Ukraine's seat of power and a key feature of the Russian endgame, has fended off a major prong of Putin's advancement. An "assessed Russian advance" on the capital's doorstep has been flanked to the east and west. Western officials have claimed Russia could push on Kyiv in a similar offensive to the country's assault on Chechen capital Grozny in 1994. But Ukrainian leaders stated they have managed to secure the city and spare troops for other regions. Some will join other resistance fighters in southern Ukraine at the city of Mykolaiv. There, troops have pushed back soldiers advancing over from Russian-controlled Crimea. From Mykolaiv, Ukraine's troops have a direct path to Kherson, a port city that was one of the first targeted by Russia. According to recent reports, the Russian grip has weakened there, with one adviser to the Ukrainian defence minister saying their troops could reclaim it within the next 24 hours. Speaking to BBC Radio 4 Today, Markian Lubkivskyi said the city would be "fully under the control of Ukrainian armed forces". He added that in the last two days, they completed an operation in Kyiv, allowing commanders to focus troops on the country's southern flank. Resistance has also formed in Kharkiv, where civilian infrastructure is under relentless bombardment from Russian munitions. ISW maps show that Ukraine has claimed a slither of land up to the border with Russia, behind territory controlled by the country. Putin's forces in Ukraine's second-largest city have encountered stiff opposition in recent weeks. In February, reports suggested that local troops had inflicted significant casualties on the Russian side. While Ukraine scrapes back some of its lands, Putin's regime claims to have advanced. The ISW maps have outlined areas where the country states it has made inroads on Ukrainian territory. These are limited around areas under confirmed Russian control. One location where Russia claims to have advanced is north of the besieged city Mariupol. With civilians now devastated by raids, the invading regime claims to have moved several miles north. If confirmed by western officials, it would give Russia an additional foothold to the southwest of Donetsk, a separatist region. Further west, Russian commanders state they have also moved forwards beyond Kherson. More forces lie to the east of the resistance near Mykolaiv, although they do not control the area, the ISW showed.