The Last Kingdom film Seven Kings Must Die will air on Netflix and fans are already buzzing to see Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) return. The film is being treated as a separate entity from the TV series, although it will see Uhtred's story conclude once and for all. Viewers are keen to find out when the film will air and Express.co.uk has the latest. The Last Kingdom season five dropped on March 5 and fans were left wanting more. The plan was always to end the series after five seasons, covering 10 of Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories novels. Uhtred will return for the upcoming two-hour film and the story will be based on the final three books by author Cornwell. War of the Wolf, Sword of Kings and War Lord will provide inspiration for the film. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps At this moment in time there is no official release date, but production has finally wrapped. Filming began in January 2022 and came to an end on March 21, with Dreymon announcing the news on Instagram. He said: "I feel so lucky that I got to live part-time in Uhtred’s skin for so many years.” In a video, he is heard saying: "We have just shot the very last shot of The Last Kingdom, ever. "And I'm about to head into my trailer and take Uhtred's armour off for the very last time. "I thought that would be a great moment to talk to all of you and tell you once again how incredibly grateful I am for supporting us for this long. "It's been almost eight years, it's been an incredible journey and you guys are just the best fans that we could have wished and hoped for. "We love you so much, we are so, so grateful to you and we hope you are going to enjoy this last piece of The Last Kingdom. "We don't know yet when it's going to come out." With filming now complete, it is hoped the movie will air before the end of 2022. DON'T MISS... Why is The Last Kingdom ending after season 5? Boss speaks out [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom: Who are the kings in Seven Kings Must Die? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who will return for Seven Kings Must Die? [INSIGHT] It would make the perfect Christmas present for fans and a winter release date is not impossible. Casting has been kept under wraps for now, so there will be some big announcements to come. A trailer for the film is likely to be released a few weeks before the film drops. So there may be a few months left to wait before viewers receive any official news. Executive producer Nigel Marchant expressed his excitement for what is to come. He said: "We couldn’t be more thrilled that Netflix have allowed us to come back and shoot this movie version and to reunite with so many friends, both amongst the cast and crew. "We started at Carnival developing the show a decade ago, we’ve been filming for eight years and just to finish it off in such a special way, we all feel very grateful that we have been allowed to do this." He said he had spoken to Netflix early on about whether they could adapt Cornwell's final three books. He added: "It was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that. "Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more stand-alone."  Seven Kings Must Die has now finished filming. An official Netflix release date is yet to be announced.