Michail Antonio insists that West Ham will pick themselves up from their FA Cup calamity - and be ready for a crucial week in their season. The Hammers can move at least temporarily into fourth if they become the first team this season to beat Liverpool at Anfield this weekend. West Ham crashed out of the cup on Wednesday night when they were humbled 3-1 at St Mary’s by a patched-up Southampton, in a serious jolt to their so far successful season. Manager David Moyes singled out his forwards for particular criticism after a limp display, with the only bright spot being Antonio scoring his first goal since New Year’s Day. West Ham are still lying fifth in the Premier League table, but face a tough test at in-form Liverpool tomorrow. The Reds have only lose twice in all competitions this season, albeit one of those a 3-2 loss at the London Stadium to Moyes' men. After that, the Scot takes his side to Spain to face Sevilla in the first leg of their Europa League last 16 tie on Thursday. West Ham can go into that clash on a high knowing three points on Merseyside would lift them one point above United at least until they face champions Manchester City in the derby on Sunday. But Antonio insisted: “One thing about us is that nothing knocks us down. We don’t stay down. We get up and we go again. “Obviously we wanted to go further in the cup - but now we’ve got to concentrate on what we are in - the Europa League and the Premier League. “We’re still going for the top four, so with all the negatives that happened on Wednesday, we’ve got to think about the positives. Let’s just keep moving forwards. “It’s a big game tomorrow (Sat). A game to show how we stand in the league, stand our ground – show that we’re there for the rest of the season.” The big striker netted after Saints goalkeeper Willy Caballero dropped the ball, to cancel out Romain Perraud’s opener. But West Ham then saw James Ward-Prowse’s penalty and Armando Broja’s late strike seal the sixth-round place for Southampton. Antonio said: “I felt like a goal’s been coming. Hopefully this one can get me on a nice little run to finish off the season.” West Ham are hopeful that Czech midfielder Tomas Soucek will be available for Anfield after having five stitches inserted in a cut face. Liverpool will be without Roberto Firmino and Thiago Alcantara with Curtis Jones also a doubt.