Carol Vorderman, 61, has spoken up about fake accounts pretending to be her on Instagram. The star said she was flooded with messages about the vile imposters. The former Countdown host said in a “quick warning” to fans that she was getting lots of messages from fans about fake accounts. She tagged the official accounts that she is genuinely associated with. Carol explained that the ones not mentioned were fakes. She shared the message with her 214,000 followers on Instagram. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? The star said: “QUICK WARNING! “Getting lots of messages saying that there are MANY fake accounts contacting them pretending to be me. “This and @Vordersvan ARE MY ONLY OFFICIAL ACCOUNTS. “All the others are trolls. SOZ.” Carol’s most recent post was a photo taken from a recent trip to Wales. She shared a selfie along with a selection of photos from her walk. In the photo caption, Carol explained she had enjoyed a walk and was now planning to go and prepare for a podcast. The TV host said: “Stunning morning here #Wales DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] “One of my favourite walks. Gorse coming out in "full flavour” “Back inside to get prepped for a podcast with @lawrence_dallaglio.... “Happy days. Don’t ever want to leave here. “Then I ask myself "well why do you leave?"...and it's hard to find an answer to that tbh….Hmmmmm," (sic). Fans were quick to jump on the comments of the post and share their thoughts. Bobby Seagull wrote: “Happy Monday Carol!” Julia.britton.94 said: “From a fellow Pembrokeshire. “Girl we do have beautiful views and beaches x I love gorse as well they are a beautiful yellow. Almost orange in places.” (Sic) Carol added: “Great pictures. I love Wales and should be on holiday there next month (I stay every year) Have fun and enjoy Carol.”