Max Verstappen admitted that his team's approach to tyres in Q3 left his Red Bull car feeling 'terrible' as he stumbled to fourth on the grid for Sunday's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The Dutchman was put into a rare position as he watched his team-mate clinch pole, with Sergio Perez's stunning lap pipping both Ferraris. Verstappen was expected to mount the strongest challenge against Ferrari on Saturday, with the Prancing Horse once again showing strong pace after Charles Leclerc's victory in Bahrain last time out. The Dutchman came through the day's first two qualifying sessions without issue, despite drama unfolding elsewhere with Lewis Hamilton's Q1 disaster and Mick Schumacher's high-speed crash. After putting in a lap time which was only good enough for fourth on the grid, however, Verstappen admitted that the tyre approach he and his Red Bull team took left his car feeling 'awful' in Q3. The 24-year-old bellowed down the radio as he struggled to maintain control after unusually taking two laps to warm the tyres before his flying lap. Team-mate Perez, meanwhile, was able to push his car to the absolute limit and stunned onlookers by pipping Leclerc to pole despite the Ferrari man putting in a superb lap of his own. After the session, Verstappen admitted that his approach may not have been the right one. DON'T MISS: Mick Schumacher airlifted to hospital as Haas provide update on F1 star "It wasn’t amazing in Q3, I think Q1 and Q2 everything was looking quite good," he told Sky Sports, "My first set [of tyres] in Q3 were terrible. They were just moving around a lot more so it was really difficult for me to drive. "When you have that bad of a rhythm and you go onto your second tyre set, I didn’t really feel comfortable. I did something different, maybe it wasn’t the right thing. I was quite confident that it would work. "It was working in Q1 and Q2 but in Q3 it felt pretty awful. It’s something we need to look into. I’m complaining and didn’t have a good feeling but the potential of the car is there. Checo did a great job today so I’m very happy for him. Hopefully we can make it difficult for Ferrari tomorrow." Indeed, in a qualifying session packed with drama, Perez still found a way to make sure he wrote his own storyline. A near-perfect hot lap was enough to see him edge past Leclerc by less than three hundredths of a second and claim his first career pole.  Hamilton's day was a stark contrast as an experimental Mercedes set-up saw him crash out in Q1. It was the first time the Brit has failed to make Q2 in any capacity since 2017, and the first time based on pure pace since the 2009 British Grand Prix. George Russell gave a glum rundown of events after he nailed down sixth on the grid, a result which shows the Silver Arrows' position relative to their rivals. Verstappen and his Red Bull team-mate, Perez, both have ground to make up after having to retire their cars in Bahrain. 