Kate dazzled in a green outfit as she arrived with Prince William at Mons Barracks in Aldershot for St Patrick’s Day. The Duchess accompanied the Duke to attend the St Patrick's Day Parade as the Colonel of the Irish Guards. The Duchess gave a clear nod to Ireland by wearing a green £3,200 Laura Green London dress coat. She completed the outfit with heels and a matching hat by Lock & Co. partially covering her hair gathered in a low bun. Kate accessorised her look with diamond and sapphire earrings and a stylish golden Shamrock brooch. On the other hand, Prince William looked dapper donning his Irish Guard uniform. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here At Mons Barracks, the pair met members of the 1st Battalion and handed out shamrock to the guards. Moreover, during their visit, Kate got acquainted with the battalion's mascot, an adorable Irish Wolfhound called Turlough Mor - but known as Seamus. While Prince William saluted the dog, Kate petted him and was helped to attach a sprig of shamrock on his collar. Kate and William then looked on as Seamus led the parade. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark Together, Kate and William looked sombre as they took the salute while the battalion passed in front of them. The royal visit ended with Kate and William sitting for the traditional Officers' and Sergeants' Mess photographs. They also took a photo with Irish Guards in every rank in the British Army. Royal fans were left once again stunned by Kate and William's public appearance, and many praised Kate's decision to wear green on St Patrick's Day. Twitter user Isabel.C.Martins wrote: "Wonderful in a very elegant green coat, always smiling. They are a beautiful couple". Pamela RG said: "Always perfection". Prior to today's visit, Kate and William shared their best wishes for St Patrick's Day on Twitter. They wrote via their Kensington Royal's account: "Happy #StPatricksDay wherever in the world you’re celebrating today!" Kate and William first missed the parade in March 2020 amid concerns about the rising numbers of COVID-19 cases in the UK. Last year, as it was due to fall in the midst of the third national lockdown, the parade was called off. However, Kate and William still marked St Patrick's Day by sharing a cheerful video message in which they recalled their visit to Ireland in early March 2020. The clip even featured a playful moment between husband and wife. William started offering his St Patrick's Day wishes in Irish, saying: "Beannachtaí na Féile Pádraig oraibh". Kate continued: "We are delighted to wish you all a very happy St Patrick's Day." William then turned to Kate and said: “How come you got the easy bit?” The Duchess smiled at her husband before they carried on with the message.