F1 fans were left with mouths watering after the official trailer for Formula 1: Drive to Survive was released on Monday. In the wake of a 2021 season which overflowed with storylines, onlookers eagerly await the new season which promises even more than the previous three. As the countdown to March 11 continues, Express Sport delves into five giveaways which could be a sign of things to come: F1's star name, or certainly one of two, has been far from the spotlight during the previous three series'. However, Hamilton's route to the world title in 2018, 2019 and 2020 were all relatively straightforward, something which changed dramatically last year. Fierce title rival Max Verstappen pushed the seven-time world champion all the way, before claiming a controversial but breathtaking victory in Abu Dhabi. In the teaser, Hamilton described it as 'constant warfare', with fans no doubt chomping at the bit to dive into the finer details of their timeless title battle. READ MORE: FIA plan emergency meeting with Nikita Mazepin's future in F1 expected to be decided The trailer revealed that viewers are set to be given the inside track into more of some drivers' lowest moments. Indeed, Haas team boss Guenther Steiner, one of the stars of the series in his own right, famously said in 2018: "The highs are very high, and the lows are very low." George Russell is among those captured with misty eyes in the teaser during his final year with Williams. Mercedes fans will hope that it is all smiles for the season ahead though, with the youngster set to partner Hamilton as they bid to continue their streak of dominance.   Coming back for his 12th season in F1, Ricciardo has already established his reputation as the sport's cheery-faced joker. And the trailer kicked off with the McLaren man who, in typically outgoing fashion, rode past on a push bike with the message: "Hey Netflix!" Team-mate Lando Norris also featured, comically asking whether an elaborate fireworks display was for him after finishing fourth in Bahrain. All things considered, many signs point towards another prominent role for the McLaren duo who tend to balance out their fierce competitive streaks with a heartwarming laugh. Ahead of the most dramatic F1 season in recent memory, AlphaTauri's Pierre Gasly appeared in the trailer with the question: "What are we going to talk about this year?" The Frenchman featured heavily in previous series', with his brief and unsuccessful promotion to Red Bull capturing the minds of F1 fans the world over. Gasly is sure to get another mention in the upcoming series, having punched well above his weight once again with AlphaTauri. But his comment suggests that nobody could have predicted the white-knuckle ride that was to follow, with everything building up to a deafening crescendo in Abu Dhabi. The new teaser suggested some up close and personal insight on Haas' Russian youngster Nikita Mazepin. The 22-year-old's father, Dmitry, heads up one of Haas' key sponsors, which prompted some to question his position on the grid in light of a broadly disappointing 2021. It suggests that Mazepin could receive an episode wholly focused on him, as was the case with Valtteri Bottas when the Netflix cameras followed him back to Finland. Getting to know more about Mazepin, who partnered Mick Schumacher last year, could be even more intriguing with his spot currently believed to be in jeopardy as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 