When they do develop, symptoms of prostate cancer are:Needing to pee more frequently, often during the nightNeeding to rush to the toiletDifficulty in starting to peeStraining or taking a long time while peeingWeak flowFeeling the bladder has not emptied fullyWeak flowBlood in urineBlood in semen. Although these symptoms can cause concern, the NHS says their presence does “not always mean you have prostate cancer. Many men’s prostates get larger as they get older because of a non-cancerous condition called benign prostate enlargement”. READ MORE: Taking too much vitamin B12? Your hands and feet hold clues If prostate cancer has spread it can cause back pain, bone pain, testicular pain, and unintentional weight loss. Like several conditions, the exact cause of prostate cancer is not known. However, some factors can increase a person’s risk of developing the condition. This includes age, ethnic group, family history, obesity, and diet.  While there is a lot of discussion around male cancers during November, there has recently been a greater push towards a more year round approach to male cancer awareness. Charity Prostate Cancer UK has been working to change this through the recent release of its 30 second checker. A three-question survey, it tells men how at risk they are of developing the condition. If they are above a certain risk level, the survey will recommend a blood test that can provide them with more information. The hope is that more men will think more often about their risk. The more aware someone is of potential health dangers, the more likely they are to respond to a symptom they are concerned about such as testicular pain and to get it checked. Although that pain may not have a cancerous cause, it is far better to get a medicinal consultation and find there were no problems than wait and find out there was something that could have been done about it. Prostate Cancer UK’s statistics show that one in eight men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime. Furthermore, one man dies from prostate cancer every 45 minutes. Due to the number of men being diagnosed and the regularity with which they pass away, it is crucial that awareness of prostate and other male cancers is carried out year-round, particularly due to the impact of the pandemic. As a result of COVID-19 patients have been unable to access treatment and those who had symptoms they were concerned about were unable to obtain GP appointments. For more information about prostate cancer contact the NHS or consult with your GP.