Britbox is the joint venture of networks BBC and ITV, bringing its subscribers some of the best-loved British television under one roof. The streamer originally launched in 2017 in the United States and for a time, it was unclear if it would ever make its way to the UK. Fortunately, two years later, Britbox was made available on British soil, featuring both classic and new shows to stream. The initial selling point of Britbox was for viewers to have access to a variety of popular shows and films from throughout the decades. At the end of 2021, the streaming service had nearly 300 boxsets including the likes of Downton Abbey, sitcoms The Office and Upstairs Downstairs, Doctor Who and Broadchurch. In terms of films, at the click of a button, movie buffs are able to view Bugsy Malone, The Inbetweeners Movie, Oliver Twist and Carry on Camping, just to name a few. But as more people started subscribing, Britbox invested in creating new original content as well. READ MORE: Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? Fans enjoyed binging thriller series The Beast Must Die last year, as well as the return of satirical puppet show Spitting Image. Subscribers are now excited for the return of period drama Sanditon which shall be making a comeback for its second season. The first series aired on ITV in 2019 but three years on and Sanditon will instead make its debut on Britbox. The premiere of Sanditon season two will be on Monday, March 21. A Britbox subscription costs £5.99 per month or £59.99 annually, depending on what package you sign up for. This is lower than the price of both Netflix and Amazon Prime Video with them priced at £8.99 and £7.99 per month respectively. If you are a new Britbox customer, then you will be given a seven-day free trial to see if it is for you. Once this period comes to an end, the first monthly payment will be due. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? [THEORY]Unforgotten season 5: Nicola Walker replacement [CAST]‘Not going there!' Lesley Manville avoids Prince Andrew question  [REACTION] There is some good news for some potential new subscribers as well. If you're an EE pay monthly customer, you can sign up for six months' worth of free Britbox access. BT is also offering the same six-month free access deal for its own customers. Again, the monthly charges will begin when this free trial is over. In regards to Sanditon's return, fans will remember that Charlotte (played by Rose Williams) was left heartbroken when Sidney (Theo James) decided to marry Eliza Campion (Ruth Kearney). Actor Theo James has already confirmed he won't be returning for the new series. Nevertheless, the show must go on and the synopsis teases there will be "not one, but two new men" wishing to win Charlotte's heart. Britbox UK is £5.99 per month for subscribers, offering a seven-day free trial for first-time customers.