This includes a property worth over £1million, a home with renovation potential and the average cost of a home in the area. With towering views of the cathedral and castle, to the Elvet Bridge and Framwellgate Bridge, there are plenty of photographic opportunities in Durham. The city centre is packed with independent retailers and market hall is a bustling hub filled with unique items and food-based events. The city itself, and the areas surrounding it, are generally affordable and offer residents the perfect balance of city life and countryside living. Durham is located in the northeast of England in County Durham. The city lies on the River Wear and is located to the southwest of Sunderland, south of Newcastle and the north of Darlington. Durham is hugely popular with tourists, meaning there’s plenty to do and see in the city. Whether you’re browsing historical sites or grabbing a bite to eat before doing a spot of shopping, Durham has something for all tastes. Durham is well connected with direct services to London King Cross, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, Newcastle, Plymouth, Reading and Southampton. This makes it an ideal location for commuters. In 2021, Durham made it into The Sunday Times’ top 10 list of Best Places to Live guide. READ MORE: Property: ‘Immediate’ home improvements to raise property value by 20% The average house price within a 20 mile radius of Durham over the last 12 months stands at £195,000, according to OnTheMarket. Durham is currently around a quarter as expensive as the average property in London, which stands at £720,000. Express.co.uk, in partnership with OnTheMarket, has found different homes for sale in the region. This includes a home worth over £1million, a property which has huge renovation potential and a property worth the average asking price in Durham. Property: Five bedroom detached house Location: Oaktree Cottage, The Avenue, Wynard Price: £1,500,000 Marketed by: Bradley Hall, Durham, via OnTheMarket This is a stunning cottage situated on the highly desirable grounds of Wynyard Hall. The property is accessed via a sweeping driveway, providing ample space for parking, courtyard gardens and five integral garages. Oaktree Cottage offers a country cottage feel paired with modern living, boasting substantial living accommodation and designed with family living in mind. One of the key features includes a Dolby surround sound system throughout. With several entrance points to the property, it is well placed to provide ease of access. DON'T MISS: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great' [INSIGHT]‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [COMMENT]Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass [TIPS] The grand main entrance is accessed via double solid, hardwood glazed doors, to provide the wow factor with an abundance of light beaming in from the five skylights. Full marble flooring, gas fire with solid stone fire surround, also providing access to the lounge, cloakroom, bedrooms, and formal dining room. The impressive 32ft lounge is accessed from the main entrance via double oak doors and boasts two large windows overlooking the garden. From the lounge, you will enter the formal dining room, currently being used as a child’s playroom. Featuring coving, oak flooring and a large window with shutters, this room is perfect for entertaining. Leading into the hub of this property is the spectacular open plan Kitchen/breakfast area measuring over 37ft with an abundance of space and light being provided via three large windows with feature window seat and Velux windows and Kardean flooring. This property houses five bedrooms, with four of them including an en-suit bathroom. Outdoors there is a large lawned garden featuring a beautiful Oak tree, a private patio area nestled along the original stone wall. Property: Barn conversion Location: Land North Of Woodside Lodge, Dents Villas, Witton Park Price: £225,000 Marketed by: J W Wood Estate Agents, Bishop Auckland, via OnTheMarket This is a rare opportunity to purchase a traditional agricultural building with detailed planning permission to convert into a large family home with guest annex in approximately one acre of land. The completed project will create a large family home with four bedrooms and an adjoining guest annex. Together with a pony paddock and extensive gardening, the development offers the ideal place to build a dream rural property. The property is accessed via a private access track shared by other residential users. The purchasers will be required to contribute to the re-surfacing of the area of access track coloured brown on the sale plan under an agreement with the neighbouring property. The remaining private access has unknown ownership with no obligation to repair/improve. Property: Three bedroom detached house Location: Chapel Drive, Consett Price: £190,000 Marketed by: Sylvester Properties, County Durham, via OnTheMarket This beautifully presented three bedroom detached property is located on a prime plot of Chapel Drive, Consett. The ground floor comprises of a spacious lounge, open plan kitchen/dining room and downstairs toilet. On the first floor are three bedrooms, the master of which benefitting from an ensuite, and a family bathroom. Externally, This property boasts a separate private garage complete with a driveway as well as a rear low maintenance garden. The lounge spans the length of the right side of the property, complete with modern decor consisting of plush grey carpets, white walls and a purple feature wall. The recently fitted kitchen benefits from a combination of grey high gloss wall and base units topped with oak effect work benches. Next week, we will be choosing three properties from in and around Newport, Isle of Wight