Experts at Primrose have shared gardening tasks which can all be performed in just one afternoon to get the garden ready for the warmer weather. Primrose’s resident Gardening Expert, Evie Lane, said: “Warmer weather is within touching distance so putting away just one afternoon on a weekend is the perfect chance to start preparing your green space. “Taking the time for preparation is essential for a successful year of blooming, but after following our preparation tips, gardeners will find the smallest jobs can transform our garden the most.” One job, which takes just 10 minutes, is cleaning and sharpening gardening tools. Tools should be cleaned regularly so that they last longer. The experts added: “Before you start your garden preparation, soak your gardening tools in water and vinegar to remove any rust. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “By the time you’ve finished the afternoon of garden preparation, simply rinse, rub in linseed oil and hang up to dry.” Beginning to tackle the garden can be overwhelming, which is why the experts recommended starting with a very basic spot clean. Primrose experts said this alone can “transform the whole garden”. They added: “At the very bare minimum, collecting any dead leaves and stalks around shrubs, trees and flower beds can make your garden look a lot more put together. Empty containers and splash plant pots with water so clean off any dirt marks.” DON'T MISS:Small changes can make your home ‘more attractive’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove ‘nasty’ vacuum smells [INSIGHT]Get rid of ‘pesky weeds’ using cupboard essentials [EXPERT] In just 30 minutes, gardeners can prepare the lawn for its first cut as well as add in plant supports around the garden. The first cut of the year should be done in March, when the weather is nice and dry. Beforehand, gardeners should rake and scarify the ground to remove debris and dead grass, allowing the soil underneath to breathe. The experts continued: “This will also highlight any sparse spots, allowing you to add new grass seed and give it the facelift it may need. “Get your plant supports in place before the first shoots start to grow. This will mean any plants will grow up through the supports and fill the vertical space above your flowerbeds. “Supports give your plants guidance where to grow, helping keep your garden neat and tidy come spring.” In one hour, pruning plants in the garden can be done as well as cleaning and treating garden furniture. Pruning helps to trim back plants to encourage new growth as well as increase flower production. According to the experts, the annual pruning job can “make a big impact to the overall look of your garden”. Throughout the winter months, if garden furniture is left out, it may need a good clean come springtime. Primrose experts explained: “Any garden furniture should have been covered or stored away over the winter, but if not, now is the time to see if you can salvage it in time for the warmer months. “Plastic garden furniture will be revived quite easily with the help of some soapy water. “For anything made of wood that’s been left out over winter will need a thorough cleaning as well as some light sanding to get rid of any tougher marks. “Lastly, treat it with the appropriate wood oil to prevent it from any further damage.” Weeding and mulching is also a great job to do now to help the overall look of the garden. The experts recommended removing weeds by hand and applying weed killer if needed. They added: “It’s also a good time to mulch, in order to improve organic matter and the general structure of the soil. “This could take an hour and a half depending on the size of your beds, but it’s important to be thorough. Applying a layer of mulch to beds now traps in essential moisture from the wet weather, ensuring beds don’t dry out quickly as it gets warmer.”