In March 2022, two new lucky winners of the £1million prize draw have been announced, with both originating from different parts of the UK. The first winner came from Devon, with the winning bond number of 170MY806167, who had invested £36,000 into Premium Bonds overall. This person’s winning bond was only valued at £2,000 and was purchased over a decade ago in July 2010. In comparison, the second £1million winner comes from Cheshire West and Chester and has a winning bond number of 276RS522196. Overall, this individual has a holding of £19,000 in Premium Bonds and their winning bond was valued at £8,000, having been bought in July 2016. While other savings and investment products acquire interest over a period of time, Premium Bonds holders are automatically entered into a monthly prize draw. Acting as an incentive to take out bonds, holders are in the running for the NS&I product’s grand prize of £1million, which is usually awarded to two people every month. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Even if someone does not win this £1million prize, they are still entered into a draw which could see them win anywhere between £25 to £100,000. Any cash won through this particular savings method is tax-free, which is yet another reason Premium Bonds are increasingly popular. As a Government-backed savings and investment institution, Premium Bonds is considered a secure and safe option for savers as their money is protected. Bond holders can invest as little as £25 to purchase Premium Bonds, with the maximum holding level being £50,000. DON'T MISS  Each specific bond is given a special number for every £1 invested into NS&I’s Premium Bonds. All winning bonds are chosen by ERNIE, which is otherwise known as Electronic Random Number Indicator Equipment. As part of the prize draw process, ERNIE randomly selects who will take home what prize at random so there is no favouritism or unfairness to the decision. In March 2022, there were six lucky winners who ERNIE chose to get the £100,000 runner-up prize. Furthermore, 11 people were able to get £50,000 for March while 23 individuals managed to win £25,000. While Premium Bonds are popular, some experts are warning that the savings product is no longer likely to beat inflation at its current rate. On his website moneysavingexpert.com, Martin Lewis outlined how certain financial developments may undermine the benefits of Premium Bonds. Mr Lewis explained: “If you save money anywhere and it doesn't grow as quickly as prices are rising, then in real terms your savings are actually shrinking not growing. “Inflation is the measure of prices rising, so if your savings pay more than inflation then they're growing, if not they're shrinking. “We saw a sharp fall in inflation when the coronavirus pandemic hit, which meant that the published premium bonds rate was higher than the inflation rate – an unusual situation. “However, the economic recovery and well-publicised issues in securing supply of certain goods has led to price rises, which have now fed into inflation rates.” NS&I will update its prize checker tomorrow for all holders to check whether they have clinched a prize in March 2022.