Britney Spears has claimed she was treated barbarically by her father during a 13-year long conservatorship but, while she struggled with feelings of isolation, desperation and poor mental health, boyfriend Sam Asghari was there to support her. Now, Britney has posted multiple cryptic Instagram updates referring to him as her "husband", sparking frenzied speculation that the pair could have secretly tied the knot during their romantic tropical holiday. Celebrating the 28-year-old personal trainer's birthday, 40-year-old Britney paid tribute to him today by posting a smouldering Instagram photo of him lying on a deck chair, his arm outstretched towards the camera. "Such an amazing pic of my husband @samasghari !!!!" she enthused in view of almost 40 million followers. "He’s such a hard worker and he amazes me each day with his passion for life !!!! "I’m so lucky to be able to share my life with him …. HAPPY BIRTHDAY." READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby Referring to his outstretched hand in the photo, Sam jokingly quipped: "I’m saying no more cake baby, no more please!" Confused fans flooded the comments to query the use of the word "husband", with one Instagrammer, @_maryrankin_, quizzing: "Britney Jean what do you mean by HUSBAND??? You got married already? If so, love it!!!" Britney and Sam have been together since they met on the set of her 2016 music video 'Slumber Party' - and since her conservatorship ended, the pair seem to have been inseparable. Sam, who acts and models when not working as a personal trainer, publicly admitted last autumn that they were engaged. The announcement was made just before MTV Video Music Awards in September 2021 - and then Britney flaunted her engagement ring for the cameras, leading to a flood of messages. The following day, Sam took to Instagram Stories to joke: "Thank you for your concern about [getting a] prenup! Of course we’re getting an iron clad prenup to protect my jeep and shoe collection in case she dumps me one day!" Meanwhile Britney made yet another reference to the much-discussed nuptials yesterday, when she posted a cute clip of captive turtles being released out into the ocean. Alongside the video footage of the waddling animals making their way towards freedom, the emotional musical star explained: "My husband @samasghari sent me this."  DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] "He said: '100 baby turtles leave the hatch. Only 20 make it to reefs because most get eaten by sharks [and] only 1 strong strong Turtle makes it out of 100 and comes back a year later stronger than ever and hatches babies.'" She added: "He said these turtles represented life !!!!!" @_amandaabdallah_, one of the 732,000 fans to hit the 'like' button on her poignant post, replied: "Britney, they represent you! Coming back free and stronger than ever!" Britney's engagement - and now possible marriage - could be a signal that she has turned a corner in a previously fraught life. This year, she took control of her public image again after being released from her conservatorship, posting photos of herself completely nude, as well as trying out new styles such as a bright purple hairdo. She suffered a setback when sister Jamie Lynn released a tell-all book claiming she had been exposed to erratic behaviour by Britney, including a time when she allegedly left her "scared" by locking the pair of them in a room with a knife. However Britney vehemently denied the claims in a series of furious posts she fired off on Twitter - and is reportedly set to release her own autobiography in the months to come. One thing is for sure - the world certainly hasn't heard the last of Britney yet.