In a poll that ran from 10am on Tuesday, March 1, to 7am on Wednesday, March 2, Express.co.uk asked: “Are you worried about the triple lock being scrapped?” A total of 2,681 people voted, and dozens left comments below the poll, sharing their thoughts on the Government's plans to suspend the triple lock from April. Overall, the vast majority of voters – 98 percent – said “yes”, they were worried about the triple lock being scrapped, with 2,636 voters picking this option. Just two percent (44) of people voted “no”, while just one person said they didn’t know. In the comments left in the discussion below the poll, it is clear that readers feel worried about the removal of the triple lock. Username Flivoless said: “The state pension does not even match the UK's minimum wage. This surely cannot be right. “I paid into the state pension for over 50 years but I will receive but a fraction of that. Not a good deal for those that have worked all their lives.” And Username John Pettitt wrote: “Work and Pensions Secretary Therese Coffey should give the pensioners the same percentage of increase as the MPs awarded themselves this year.” Many people who commented also expressed concern over future implications of the decision to scrap the triple lock. Username DavefromDerby said: “This year pensioners miss out on an eight percent rise, next year whatever percentage is paid is based on a lower starting point, so they have not just been robbed once, it will be EVERY year from now on.” And Username uncivilservant said: “Assuming that the state pension increases by just the 2.5 percent minimum annually until I retire, that retirement age remains 68 and that I live to life expectancy of 82. “The consequence of the scrapping of the triple lock for just this one year will leave me over £1,000 worse off at 68 and cost me almost £20,000 over the course of my retirement.” Several shared their views on the state of the Conservative Party’s and Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s priorities. There was also upset over the decision to break a manifesto commitment from the 2019 General Election. Username Yarn dave wrote: “It seems election promises mean nothing to this Government!” Pensioners on fixed incomes are most vulnerable to rising prices and the cost of living crisis, and some where less sympathetic tho those. Username suffolk homeboy said: “Only pensioners who never bothered saving during their working years, or who have never worked at all, are concerned that the triple lock is being discontinued.” DON'T MISS: State pensioners could lose £358 a month if they fail to report to DWP In response, username John Pettitt wrote: “Gas and Electricity with Bulb for next year will be an increase in total of £497.41. “Then we have the extra cost of fuel for the car plus the current high inflation affecting food costs. “My rent has increased by £50 per month. Council Tax another big increase. Even the triple lock at eight percent would still not even it all out. “Thank goodness I looked after my finances during my lifetime of work or I would be joining the ranks of the normal pensioner.” State pensions in the UK used to be protected by a triple lock system, which ensured pensions would increase yearly, by either the inflation rate or 2.5 percent, whichever was higher. Now, however, Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak’s decision to scrap the triple lock guarantee from April means pensions are set to increase by 3.1 percent, which is well below the 7.25 percent of inflation forecasted by the Bank of England. The state pension is expected to rise by just £221 in April, marking the biggest cut to state pensions in real terms for 50 years. Under the traditional terms of the triple lock policy, the state pension should rise by 8.1 percent this year. However, the Government decided to remove this guarantee for one year from April 2022, and in doing so, breaks a manifesto commitment from the 2019 General Election.