After Life star Ricky Gervais is planning to deliver his "most controversial" gags to date as part of his upcoming Armageddon tour. The Netflix star, 60, told how he isn't afraid to shy away from cancel culture as he prepares to return to the stage. It comes as the comedian played an intimate trial gig on Wednesday to test out his new material. Performing at Leicester Square Theatre, the After Life star reportedly elicited laughs throughout the show as he shocked his audience. The comic slammed modern ideals as "nonsense" and explained the reasoning behind the title of his tour. Whilst on stage, the star told the audience how the new show would be titled Armageddon, and will explore how he believes humanity will come to an end. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash He said: "People born this century are going to have a very ­different middle age to me. "It’s my fault and the generation before me, the Boomers, with fossil fuels, deforestation, causing global warming, everything like that. "So, 20-year-olds today, in 40 years time they’ll be huddled in their houses like prisons, wearing masks, afraid, in pain, crying like they do now over jokes," he added. Ricky went on, according to The Sun: "I am going to spend all of my money on private jets from now on, to make sure it definitely f***ing happens." Ricky previously said how he'd set out to “get cancelled” with brand-new show Armageddon, as he will be “treating it like it’s my last one ever”. He said: "One thing I’ve decided to definitely do, and can’t wait to start on, is my new stand-up show, which is going to be called Armageddon. “I’m treating it like it’s my last one ever. "It won’t be, but I want to put everything into it," he continued. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [ANALYSIS] The comedian went on: “I want to try and get cancelled. No, I just want to go all-out there.” He went on: “It’s about the end of the world and how we’re going to destroy ourselves for lots of reasons, whether it’s media stupidity, or the actual end of the world," he told Heat magazine. The star's comments come as fans pleaded with him to return to his awards show hosting days for the Oscars. Addressing the remarks, Ricky joked they'd cancel him half way through the evening if we were to host the prestigious awards ceremony. Speaking about hosting the glitzy event, Ricky said: "They'd never let me do what I wanted. I mean, that's why the Globes got me. They said I could write my own jokes and say what I wanted, no rehearsals. "I don't think the Oscars would ever allow me that freedom and rightly so… I'd do the Oscars but it won't happen. I'd get cancelled halfway through." Instead, Amy Schumer, Regina Hall and Wanda Sykes will be hosting the ceremony. Sunday sees the Oscars return for the first time following the Covid pandemic.