50 years after Terry Wogan’s first Breakfast Show on BBC Radio 2, the station will celebrate the anniversary of the broadcasting legend, who died from cancer in 2016. The documentary Wogan: In His Own Words is based on unused footage from an interview recorded in Brighton at the height of his fame in the 1980s. By that time, Wogan was hosting BBC’s comedy game show Blankety Blank, viewed by more than 20 million people, while hosting his Radio 2 Breakfast Show which attracted eight million listeners. A rare, intimate and previously unheard interview with Terry, discusses fame, talent and popularity. He said: "I don't have a specific talent. I tend to be a little introverted" "A lot of shy people are artists and radio gives you an opportunity to talk to yourself endlessly and show off without anybody slapping your wrist and saying, 'You're terrible'." "Radio and television is the medium for the introverted egomaniac. That's, I suppose, what I am.” Sir Terry was arguably one of the best-known figures in light entertainment. Despite his popularity, Wogan was always modest about his talent. "When you're communicating on the radio on the television, you can only talk to one person at a time. "You're not communicating at a mass level and the big hole you can fall down as a popular entertainer is trying to be popular with everybody. You must be prepared to be yourself. Say what you would say yourself." Wogan started as a newsreader doing documentary features in the 1960s at the newly established TV channel Raidió Teilifís Éireann. He moved to England from Ireland in the 1970s because he “got fed up” and found it “very boring”. He said: "It's the easiest job in the world to be a newsreader on television. You can't fail." “You're a combination of a father figure and a sex symbol. You can’t miss." “I was the Anna Ford of my day. And I stopped being Anna Ford and became extremely foolish doing quiz programmes, which I never did awfully well.” Wogan admitted having many difficulties on television and recounts "horrendous experiences" on Irish television. He said: “I never found it as easy to achieve the same degree of relaxation, or communication on television as I did on radio” Wogan continued broadcasting until 2015 when his health worsened significantly. Less than two years later, on 31 January 2016, Sir Terry died of cancer at the age of 77. The exclusive tapes, found in a dusty vault at BBC Southampton Broadcasting House, reveal new insights about one of the most important names in UK radio and television. 