Arsenal have been backed to beat Liverpool and put a big dent in their title hopes this evening. Arsenal take on Jurgen Klopp's side at the Emirates with both sides in fine form in the Premier League. The Gunners have won their previous five matches, with Liverpool coming out on top in their last eight. Arsenal are looking to secure a spot in the top four to gain Champions League qualification for the first time since 2016. Meanwhile, Liverpool can move within a point of leaders Manchester City with victory in north London. Former Arsenal midfielder Stewart Robson has explained how Mikel Arteta's side can come out on top. Robson believes there are two different approaches Arsenal can take. He says Arteta could instruct his full-backs to push forward to exploit the lack of defensive work-rate put in by Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah. READ MORE: Neville gives brutally honest verdict on Man Utd defeat and aims subtle Tottenham dig  Or he says Arsenal could rely on their speedy wide players to catch the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold out of position. Asked how Arsenal should approach the game, Robson told ESPN FC: "The way they've been approaching most games recently. "What they're doing at the moment is they're choosing the right times when to press the ball and the right times when to drop off and be compact. They're going to have bad spells in a game and they have to make the right decisions when they're having those bad spells in games. "That's what's made them so much better recently. In previous seasons and maybe earlier this season, when they were having the bad spells they were too easy to play against. "They're not an easy side to play against [now]. The question marks they've got is how do they cope if Salah and Mane do play? DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed today [TRANSFERS]Liverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for £42m Barcelona transfer [RUMOUR]'He won't be at the club' - Harry Maguire's Man Utd future looks bleak after latest error [QUOTES]  "What do they ask their full-backs to do? Go and exploit the fact they don't go back, and [Kieran] Tierney go forward down one side and Cedric [Soares] down the other side? "Or do they stay compact and keep a back four and rely on the speed of the wide players, whether it be [Gabriel] Martinelli on one side and [Bukayo] Saka on the other side, to go and expose the full-backs like Trent Alexander-Arnold? It's going to be a fascinating game, a good tactical game, but whoever wins the midfield, I think will win the game." When asked for his prediction, Robson backed his former side to get the job done. He said: "I'm going to go for an Arsenal win by two goals to one."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here