House prices have increased in all regions of the UK, but according to a new study, 22 percent of Britons would pay more for a home if a member of the Royal Family lived in the same area. The Family own the grandest, most expensive homes in the country, from Buckingham Palace in London to Anmer Hall in Norfolk. A new survey asked 1000 Britons if they would rather live in the same British region as a member of the Royal Family. Martin & Co also found the average price of a property in the areas where the Royal Family own a home. According to their research, 22 percent of Britons would be happy to pay more for a house if a member of the Royal Family lived nearby. The regions where members of the Royal Family live – or have lived – include London, Gloucestershire, Norfolk, and Aberdeenshire. READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar Prince Charles and Camilla Parker-Bowles live in Clarence House in London, but spend a lot of time in Highgrove House, in Gloucestershire. Meanwhile, Prince William and Kate Middleton live in Kensington Palace, also in the capital, but have spent much of the past two years in Anmer Hall in Norfolk. When Prince Harry and Meghan Markle lived in the UK, the couple resided in Frogmore Cottage, which is in Berkshire. But which couple’s home is in the most expensive area of the UK? DON'T MISS:White vinegar for cleaning: 5 things vinegar and baking soda can clean [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [TIPS]Lawn care: How to mow your lawn to promote ‘healthy growth’  [EXPERT] Anmer Hall is the cheapest royal residence to live near, with an average property in the area costing £280,307. Previously lived in by the Duke and Duchess of Kent, Anmer Hall is now the country retreat of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, having been passed to the couple as a wedding gift by Her Majesty in 2013. It sits in the PE31 postcode, north-east of King’s Lynn and close to the River Great Ouse and Norfolk Coast Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The second cheapest royal home to live close to is Highgrove House, resided often by Charles and Camilla. Although the property is still one of Charles’ main retreats, its gardens are open to the public, with over 3,000 people visiting on average every year. The house is located in Doughton, Gloucestershire, close to Tetbury and in the eastern part of the Cotswolds. On average, properties in the same area as Highgrove House, in the GL8 area, cost £394,232. But what about Berkshire, where Harry and Meghan’s former home is located? Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Frogmore Cottage is now resided by Princess Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank, but it was Harry and Meghan’s home when they lived in the UK. Located in Berkshire, this is the most expensive area to buy a house. On average, properties in the same region as Frogmore Cottage cost £656,137. Frogmore Cottage sits in the SL4 postcode, in the same area as Windsor Castle. In 2019, the property was renovated to suit Harry and Meghan’s needs, reportedly costing a huge £2.4million. According to Martin & Co’s research, living near a member of the Royal Family “could add as much as 63 percent to the value” of a person’s property.