The Civil Service is being urged to speed up progress to achieve value for money as the cost-of-living crisis bites and the UK's debt mountain rises. More than £3.4billion was saved in 2020-21 through cost-cutting measures and Simon Clarke, Chief Secretary to the Treasury, insisted "we need to go further". Referencing Covid and war in Ukraine, he told the Institute of Economic Affairs: "The fact we've experienced two big shocks in such quick succession?only goes to show we could face another shock at any time meaning we must be diligent in the way we manage public finances." He said the Government needs to be "nimbler" and the non-frontline civil service headcount will be cut to 2019-20 levels by 2024-25. This means that some 65,000 jobs, or around one in seven civil servants, could be lost. Mr Clarke also warned of the rising cost of government debt repayments in the face of increasing interest rates. He confirmed that government debt will this year pass £2.3trillion. That would represent 95.6 per cent of GDP, the highest level as a percent- age of GDP since the 1960s. Government spending on debt interest is now set to rise 80 per cent this year, with the Government expenditure of £83billion the highest figure on record. Mr Clarke warned: "A sustained one percentage point increase in both inflation and interest rates would increase spending on debt interest by £21.1billion in 2026-27." Other savings will be made selling or renting out government buildings, new initiatives to counter fraud and improving the government's financial man- agement processes. MORE than half of PPE suppliers who went through the VIP fast-track lane provided stock that couldn't be used on the front line.  The National Audit Office also found that two years on from the start of the pandemic, the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) is still dealing with issues over some of the 10,000 contracts drawn up to purchase 38 billion items of protective equipment. Labour MP Dame Meg Hillier, chair of the Commons Public Accounts Committee, said: "Storage alone has cost £700million, with DHSC continuing to spend £7million a month storing PPE it doesn't need. "The department must get a grip of its PPE stocks and focus on protecting value for taxpayers." The audit office found there were "inconsistencies" between the volume of PPE ordered and what was received. Billions of items were not suitable for use because they would take too long to assemble; there were concerns about modern slavery; or paperwork was missing. Some 1.5 billion items in storage have now passed their expiry date. DHSC said: "Where contracts are in dispute, we are seeking to recover costs from suppliers." 