Kate Middleton wowed fans on Monday as she stepped out wearing an all-blue outfit – so much so that searches for her look skyrocketed. The Duchess was attending the Commonwealth Day Service in Westminster Abbey with her husband, Prince William. The other members of the Royal Family in attendance on Monday, March 14, were Camilla Parker Bowles and Prince Charles. But the Duchess of Cambridge stole the show in a beautiful coat dress. Designed by royal favourite Catherine Walker, the coat dress was royal blue in colour and had an open collar and plunging neckline. The collar was velour, matching Kate’s beret-like, cylinder-shaped hat. READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home The coat dress was long-sleeved and featured buttons running down its middle. It reached Kate’s shins, which she left bare, opting not to wear tights. Her heels were also blue, as well as her jewellery. Kate wore sapphire earrings and a matching necklace, the tiny sapphires surrounded by even smaller diamonds.  The Duchess looked elegant in all-blue – the hue a subtle nod towards the colours of the Union Jack. Many royal fans agreed Kate looked good, so much so that searches for “blue coat” skyrocketed. Gathering data from Google Trends, fabric experts Dalston Mill Fabrics found that searches for the phrase exploded 350 percent in the UK yesterday, on the same day as Kate attended the service at Westminster Abbey. This meant that online interest for “blue coat” increased three times the average volume just hours after the Duchess was seen wearing the garment. A spokesperson for Dalston Mill Fabrics commented on the findings, saying: “The Duchess’s timeless outfit choices never fail to wow fans, and this occasion is definitely no exception. “This data shows the Duchess’ enduring ability to inspire style choices up and down the nation with a single appearance. “The surge in interest for Kate’s clothing pieces is a testament to her ability to influence fans and emphasised her as an integral part of the modern Royal Family.” Royal fans were quick to comment on the Duchess’ outfit on Monday, with many taking to social media to express their opinions. Twitter user @cadimamartins wrote: “Gorgeous couple! HRH Catherine is very elegant.” Another Twitter user @isabelcmalkin said: “Wonderful coat dress in a beautiful colour. I love the hat, lovely and elegant couple!” Social media user @hellen3030 commented with: “Perfection!” Royal fan @su_brompton added: “Absolutely stunning.”