Sam Raimi’s film had already attracted plenty of rumours about cameos and characters appearing from other Marvel franchises before the latest trailer, but now fan theories are in overdrive and expectation levels are sky high ahead of the film’s release on May 6. When Peter Parker and Doctor Strange opened up the multiverse in Spider-Man: No Way Home, we got glimpses of what could happen as the skyline above New York fractured and figures from other realities started to appear. Strange may have temporarily put a sticking plaster over his multiverse meddling at the end of that film, but now there’s no stopping the splintering and overlapping of dimensions that started when the Avengers messed with the Sacred Timeline (on what we now know as Earth-616) in Endgame. Small screen Marvel series like Wandavision, Loki and What If…? along with Spider-Man: No Way Home have all been leading us to this point in the Multiverse Of Madness when all manner of realities and variants come into play - and from this second trailer it looks like it’s going to be a whole lot of fun as we’re bombarded with imagery and action that suggests plenty of new characters are heading our way. There were many fan theories before the release of this second Doctor Strange trailer, now the internet is flooded with them and there’s an awful lot to unpack, but here’s what we actually know from the footage we’ve seen so far. How many doctors? Firstly, there is more than one Doctor Strange. There’s the Doctor Strange we already know from the MCU plus at least one other, who looks a lot like the Supreme Strange who appeared in animated series What If…? as a variant who’d descended into universe-destroying madness trying to save the love of his life, Dr Christine Palmer (Rachel McAdams). Judging from the costume and slicked back hair, it also looks like another Strange variant, Defender Strange, is in the trailer and has zipped over from another universe to join in the inter-dimensional fun and games. A witch called Wanda As already established, Wanda Maximoff (Elizabeth Olsen) is set to play a major role in the Multiverse Of Madness as the trailer sees Strange consulting her when he realises the consequences of messing with reality as we know it. But, of course, Wanda has already dabbled with altering reality in Wandavision and taken on the Scarlet Witch mantle. In the trailer we see a scene featuring two versions of Wanda/Scarlet Witch and there’s widespread speculation that Wanda could well be the main antagonist in the film. MCU debut A character who makes a number of appearances in the trailer is America Chavez, played by Xochitl Gomez, who’s making her MCU debut. Chavez made her first comic-book appearance in Vengeance in 2011 and went on to join the Young Avengers. She is one of the most powerful beings in the entire Marvel pantheon and, among her many abilities, she can jump between different realities which will be pretty handy in the Multiverse Of Madness. Also, if there’s a new Avengers film in the pipeline somewhere in the future, Chavez could well be a key player. Squid games Also prominent in the trailer is a squid-like monster called Gargantos who’s an established enemy of Doctor Strange in the comics but first appeared in Sub-Mariner issue 13 in 1969 – so could this be the moment when Prince Namor finally makes an appearance in the MCU? X marks the spot The scene from the trailer that got the biggest buzz was when Strange’s former friend Karl Mordo looks to be handing him over, handcuffed and escorted by Ultron-style robots, to some sort of council of judgement. We don’t see the members of the council in any detail but we do clearly hear a distinctive and familiar voice. “We should tell him the truth,” we hear Patrick Stewart intone, which almost made the Internet explode. So if Professor X from Fox’s X-Men franchise is now in the MCU what other mutants might we get? Illuminati time? The speculation is that Professor X is there as a member of the Illuminati, a kind of Ofsted for superheroes, who make sure everyone is playing by the rules – a bit like the TVA was meant to in Loki. In the comics, Professor X is an established member of the Illuminati alongside the likes of Namor, Black Bolt from The Inhumans, Captain America, Black Panther and Iron Man. But will any or all of these be in the MCU’s Illuminati and will they be variants from other universes? One of the rumours going around is that Tom Cruise is appearing as a Tony Stark variant and that he could play Superior Iron Man, a villainous version of the character, but that wouldn’t seem to fit with him being part of the Illuminati. What the...? One of the best episodes of the What If…? series was Zombies?! in which the Avengers are infected with a plague that turns them, as well as most of civilization, into the walking dead. Towards the end of the Multiverse Of Madness trailer we see evidence of zombie infiltration and it even looks like an undead version of Doctor Strange is on the loose which adds to the ‘horror’ vibe we’re getting from Sam Raimi’s film – and we know he’s good at that sort of thing. Not evident in the trailer but spotted in new poster artwork for the film is what looks like Captain Carter’s shield, suggesting the alternative ‘First Avenger’ as introduced in the first episode of  What If…? is also in the film. It seems What If…? has been a key launchpad for a lot of what happens in the Multiverse Of Madness so perhaps the Watcher himself will show up at some point. It takes a lot for Uatu the Watcher to intervene in matters, but as Supreme Strange says in the trailer: “Things just got out of hand.”