Newcastle have joined Arsenal, Tottenham and Manchester United in the transfer battle for Victor Osimhen. The Napoli star is hot property after a fine campaign in Serie A with several Premier League clubs desperate to bolster their strike forces. Newcastle have joined the long list of Premier League teams looking to snap up Napoli star Osimhen this summer. The striker has been in fine form this season and has alerted those in need of a striker. That is despite the fact that the Magpies were snubbed by the Nigeria international, who has scored 11 times in 20 Serie A appearances this campaign. Napoli would be reluctant to let their star man go up front. And that proved the case when the club’s chairman Aurelio de Laurentiis turned down an offer of £100million in the January transfer window. The eccentric film producer is said to be a huge fan of the former Lille star, who he splashed out a club-record €80m on just two years ago. As well as Newcastle, the likes of Arsenal, Tottenham and United are interested in the 23-year-old. All four clubs are looking to bring in a striker this summer for a number of reasons. After losing Aubameyang to Barcelona in the January transfer window, the Gunners are looking light up top where they only have Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah, who are both out of contract in the summer. United have a similar issue where Edinson Cavani will see his terms expire at the end of the season while Marcus Rashford and Cristiano Ronaldo have had plenty of speculation over their future. And while Tottenham might be quietly confident of batting off interest in Harry Kane this summer, Antonio Conte is desperate to see a new striker either way as a potential partner to the England captain. The Italian also has close links with Serie A with Spurs transfer chief Fabio Paratici’s influence already being felt at the club. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, via Sport Witness, there will be a transfer battle in the next window over Osimhen between all four clubs. However, they will have to put forward a real case to persuade Napoli to part with Osimhen. Newcastle have already tapped into their new-found wealth after bringing in the likes of Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes, Kieran Trippier and Dan Burn in January. But with Premier League survival now looking a much more real possibility, the summer will allow Eddie Howe to continue his lavish spending.