Vikings: Valhalla has taken the world by storm since it arrived on Netflix as it recalls the end of the Viking Age. The drama acts as a sequel to the original Amazon Prime Video series, which is also inspired by real historical events. An expert in this time period spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Queen Emma of Normandy (played by Laura Berlin) and her history. Vikings: Valhalla has received plenty of praise for featuring a plethora of powerful female characters. Main protagonist Freydís Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson) and leader of Kattegat Jarl Haakon (Caroline Henderson) are just two of the inspirational women in the series. Another female hero is Queen Emma, who is young, ambitious and is able to hold her own. She was married to King Aethelred (Bosco Hogan) before he died and became a hugely influential character following his demise. The sharp leader went on to marry King Canute (Bradley Freegard) and she deceived his previous wife Aelfgifu (Pollyanna McIntosh) as part of a risky power struggle. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla’s Sam Corlett details unique change made to costume She was last seen revealing to Aelfgifu that her husband's ships were no longer under her control. As for what happened to the real Queen Emma, Professor Clare Downham from The University of Liverpool explained all to Express.co.uk. She said: "Emma was born in the late 10th century. She was the daughter of Richard Count of Rouen, and therefore the sister of Richard Duke of Normandy. "It appears that Normandy had been used as a base for Danish armies marauding England so a peace treaty was drawn up between Aethelred II, King of England and Emma's father, which arranged her marriage to the king. "She was his second wife and had two sons, Edward (later Edward the Confessor) and Alfred." After Aethelred's death in 1016 her sons went to exile in Normandy, but the new king of England, Cnut, married Emma, much like in the series. Clare added: "Perhaps [this was] to symbolise conquest, and continuity, and to keep Normandy on side as they were sheltering potential rivals to the throne. "Emma seems to have played an important role in the English court. She would later commission a text 'Encomium Emmae Reginae' providing a perspective on events at the time. "The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle for the year 1017 states that Cnut ordered Emma to be 'fetched as his wife' from Normandy. DON'T MISS... What happened to the real Olaf Haraldsson? [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla: How is Harald Sigurdsson linked to original series? [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla cast: Who is in the cast? [EXPLAINER] "But the Encomium suggests that she was more willing, with Cnut sending messengers to woo her." In the Netflix adaptation, Emma and Canute fall for each other as they spend more time in one another's presence. Canute is a polite and respectful leader, traits Emma finds highly attractive. Clare continued: "Contemporary documents show that Emma and Cnut worked well together. "After Cnut's death Emma championed the cause of their son Harthacnut, and when he failed to hold England she may have made overtures to her sons of her first marriage in exile in Normandy. "[Her son] Alfred was killed in an invasion attempt. "Harthacnut briefly returned to power with Emma's support, but his reign was unpopular and her other son Edward the Confessor came to power when Harthacnut died in 1042. "Her relationship with Edward was initially strained, Edward deprived his mother of her wealth in 1043 on the basis that she had not supported his kingship strongly enough. But she would later hold a position in court and she died in 1052." Emma was buried next to Cnut and Harthacnut. The lecturer described the queen as a "fascinating" figure, as she concluded: "It's quite a relatable story, jealousy between step-siblings and Emma seeking to manoeuvre affairs to maintain power. "But also as patron of Encomium, trying to shield her actions from criticism. She seems to have been an able queen." Vikings Valhalla is streaming on Netflix now. The series has officially been renewed for a second and third season.