Roma boss Jose Mourinho is weighing up the possibility of launching a move for Chelsea outcast Charly Musonda on a free transfer at the end of the season, according to reports. The 25-year-old has failed to break through at Stamford Bridge and will be free to leave upon the expiry of his contract in the summer after the Blues decided against extending his stay in west London. Musonda joined Chelsea from Anderlecht in the summer of 2012 and played a key role at youth level alongside the likes of Andreas Christensen and Ruben Loftus-Cheek during his time in the club's academy. However, he has been unable to stamp his authority on Chelsea's first-team setup in the years since and was told that his contract would not be renewed back in December.There appears to be no shortage of interest in Musonda's services, though, with Roma said to be one of several clubs with a keen desire to land the playmaker. The Serie A heavyweights are considering a move for Musonda and may look to take advantage of his good relationship with Mourinho in order to secure his signature, according to Goal.The report claims that Hellas Verona and Real Betis have also joined the race for Musonda, who has not played a competitive match for Chelsea's senior team in the last two seasons. It remains to be seen where the player will end up as he leaves the club in search of a new challenge over the coming months. JUST IN: Brentford star Ivan Toney mocks club AGAIN in bizarre interview He will leave Chelsea after making just seven first-team appearances for the Blues over the course of his decade-long spell on their books. Musonda scored on his debut for the club in a Carabao Cup match against Nottingham Forest in 2017 to register what turned out to be his only goal at senior level.The attacking midfielder, who has also played out wide, previously admitted that he broke down in tears when he was told that did not have a future at Chelsea towards the end of last year. "Even the post on Instagram, I wasn’t going to be too emotional with it because I didn’t want to go long into the details and go long into the memories of everything," he told The Beautiful Game. "I spoke with Petr Cech in August on the phone and after those talks, I knew straight away, okay, I’m going to leave in August here, there is nothing else I can do."After the phone call, I was literally crying for a long time because I’d been there for a while. Even now, it’s going to take some time to get around it. It is still mentally difficult."