Mr Biden’s policies have also meant that the soaring energy prices could not be eased by US supplies, according to Brandon Weichert, geopolitical analyst and author of Winning Space: How America Remains a Superpower. The US President took various steps to change energy policy in his country after he was sworn into office. One move involved scrapping the blocking the permit for the 1,200 miles (1,900km) Keystone XL pipeline that was set to carry oil from Alberta in Canada to Nebraska in the US. It came after President Donald Trump revived the pipeline in 2017 after it was rejected by Barack Obama two years earlier. Mr Weichert told Express.co.uk that the move left the US dependant on Russia for oil deliveries while Vladimir Putin wreaks havoc on Ukraine. And he added that the only effective damage that could be caused to Russia’s energy sector would be for Mr Biden to U-turn on his policies. Mr Weichert explained: “There's not much more the US can do in terms of energy sanctions. “What should be done is for President Biden to renounce his previous stances on American domestic energy production. “When he assumed power, Mr. Biden destroyed the progress that former President Trump had overseen during his administration; Biden cancelled the Keystone XL pipeline, he went after pipelines in the US. “Then he imposed onerous regulations meant to stop the discovery and exploitation of new domestic energy sources in the name of protecting the environment. “Yet, Mr Biden did not understand that Americans (and the world) would still need easy access to cheap energy.” READ MORE: Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal This comes after Russia was been accused of sending gas global energy prices soaring as it restricted gas deliveries travelling into Europe. Russia has a tight grip on European energy, responsible for 40 percent of Europe’s gas imports. But one measure to avert a crisis would have been for Europe to purchase gas off the US. Mr Weichert suggests that a higher supply of US oil and gas would have limited the impacts of Russia’s gas squeeze and kept prices cheaper. DON'T MISS Pakistan and Russia strike gas deal as pair form ‘new world order’ [REPORT] Putin outsmarted as UK refuses to sell Galileo alternative [INSIGHT] Putin outsmarted as EU poised to slash dependency on Russia [REVEAL] He said: ”As we've seen with Germany, if that energy cannot be gotten from the USA, then it will be gotten elsewhere--in this case, from Russia. “In fact, even as the US is cutting off its domestic energy production out of fealty to Global Warming concerns, America now purchases roughly 600,000 barrels of oil per day from Russia at premium market price. “We are essentially funding the Russian war machine. “What should be done is Biden to not only undo his previous restrictions and regulations on American domestic energy production but get Congress to remove or repeal most taxes and limitations on the production and sale of domestic fossil fuel sources--and then to flood the global market with cheap, abundant, easily accessible American fossil fuel products.”