Monty Don, 66, has been slammed by a social media user for promoting “burying plastics” on Gardeners’ World. A viewer took to social media to hit back at Monty for one of his methods. Twitter user OrganicBishop complained to Monty last week, despite saying that he was a fan of his and had attended his talks too. He explained that he was incredulous at the fact that Monty had “promoted” burying plastics on Gardeners’ World. He suggested an alternative, recommending that Monty use a local regeneration plant instead, which the gardener promised to “investigate”. OrganicBishop said: “@TheMontyDon we love following you and seeing you at talks, however I cannot believe you promoted burying plastics on Gardeners' World, especially when Hereford has such a good “heat from waste” regeneration plant - micro plastics are killing the planet.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced Monty took to Twitter to respond: “It is no different to making a pond.” He explained that he was preventing more plastic from being sent to the landfill. Monty said: “We are repurposing plastic sacks rather than having them go to landfill. “These can be dug up at any time.” He also said: “Plastic is not going to go away and we have to learn how to live with it by reusing as much as possible.” The pair exchanged a few tweets, with each of them explaining things from their viewpoint. OrganicBishop continued to try and persuade Monty that the "waste to heat" method is the best option in comparison to reusing plastic in gardening. Monty replied: “Thanks for letting me know about it - I shall investigate.” In 2018, the horticulture expert said he was “horrified” at the amount of plastic that had been used on the show and had decided it was no longer acceptable. DON’T MISS:Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] He pledged to “personally” do something about it and wanted to cut down the issue. The 66-year-old also added that he will be honest about his discoveries in terms of what works and what doesn’t. Last year, Monty was criticised by a social media user for using plastic in his garden, to which the star replied that reusing the material was the “best way” to cut down on plastic use. Monty continued: “We need viable compromises.” Meanwhile, OrganicBishop was adamant that his suggestion was a good one. He provided links to more information for Monty on the micro-blogging site. He also wished Monty “a glorious day [of] gardening”.