Prince Charles shared insight in a heartbreaking conversation he had with Prince Philip shortly before his death in April 2021. In a clip shown ahead of the memorial service in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey, the Prince of Wales could be seen talking about his father in his final days. The Duke appeared to maintain his good sense of humour and his fierce opposition to celebrating his birthday in grand style. Prince Charles said he had to repeat the family had been “talking about your birthday”, as he was aware Philip was keen on the idea of a birthday party. He said: "I was talking to him the day before he died and we were talking about his birthday coming up. "And I said, 'we're talking about your birthday!' because he was getting a bit deaf. "And he said, 'well, I've got to be alive for it, haven't I?' He said. I knew he'd say that." Prince Philip memorial LIVE: Royals join to remember Prince Philip on Queen's poignant day The Duke of Edinburgh was known to be opposed to celebrating his birthday, and once told a woman offering a present during an official outing to hand it to someone else as he did not want to "lug it around the garden." Months before his death, Prince Philip was reported as wanting nothing to do" with his 100th birthday in June 2021. A source said at the time: "Let’s just say we have a rather reluctant celebrant. "You can’t do something if someone doesn’t want something doing. "The one person you can guarantee will not want anything to do with it, is the Duke." READ MORE: Queen bravely stands for beloved husband Philip as she puts aside health issues Prince Philip ultimately died before his 100th birthday, with his funeral a subdued affair due to the coronavirus rules in place at the time. The Queen cut a lonely figure at St George's Chapel in Windsor after no member of the Royal Family was allowed to sit beside her during the service. But for his service of thanks, Her Majesty was able to be surrounded by the majority of her closest relatives, as well as the Duke of Edinburgh's German, Danish and Greek relatives. Queen Margrethe of Denmark, a cousin to both the Queen and Prince Philip, joined Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to pay tribute to the late royal. DON'T MISS Kate and Wills’s show of support for Queen on emotional day [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex ‘gorgeous’ in navy coat dress for Prince Philip memorial [INFO]Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward put on brave face at Philip event [LATEST] King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands and Queen Maxima were also spotted at Westminster Abbey with King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain. Prince Charles and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall stood by the Queen during the ceremony, which resulted in several members of the Royal Family becoming rather emotional. All grandchildren of Her Majesty and Prince Philip bar Prince Harry were in attendance alongside three of his great-grandchildren. Prince George and sister Princess Charlotte accompanied Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge while Mia Tindall attended with mum Zara and dad Mike.