Somewhere on this sliding scale of threats and aggression lie the likes of John Bercow, exposed this week for the particularly nasty piece of work that he is. The former Speaker finally got his richly deserved and overdue comeuppance when a panel chaired by an Appeals Court judge declared him to be a "serial bully and a liar". No ifs, buts or qualifications.The condemnation was absolute - 21 complaints of bullying made against him were upheld. They stretched back years.The watchdogs said not only should Bercow lose his parliamentary pass, but that if he were still an MP they'd recommend he be expelled from the Commons. It was that bad. It's often said that bullies were once bullied themselves, and grow up itching to take a twisted revenge, not on the perpetrators of their own suffering, but on vulnerable folk unfortunate enough to stray into their orbit. Hmm. Not so sure about that. I was bullied at grammar school and it certainly didn't instil a desire in me to do the same to anyone else. The bullying I experienced was pretty much standard fare, straight out of the persecutor's playbook. I was an Essex boy in an East End grammar, and I didn't talk like the other boys, most of whom had been born within the sound of Bow Bells. I was the classic outsider, and quickly became picked on.Verbal stuff at first, then pushes and shoves in the playground, degenerating into full-on assaults. I still have a deviated septum from the afternoon when I was punched and kicked to the floor of the class cloakroom.They say you should stand up to bullies but it's difficult when there are three of them trying to put your lights out. Eventually I switched to a school closer to home and the problem vanished. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But you never forget being bullied; that creeping dread and sense of powerlessness when you know another attack is imminent. In Bercow's case, there was nothing physical, but a consistent and blatant abuse of power.Three distinguished House of Commons staff described how he would scream abuse directly into their faces, mouth flecked with spittle. Or he would berate and humiliate them in front of colleagues, without a shred of justification. Once, when an assistant explained security rules meant he wouldn't be allowed to take a tube of toothpaste onto a plane, he flew into a towering public rage with her and then sulked and refused to speak to her for hours. This charming man has refused to show a shred of remorse after the panel's findings were announced, grandly describing himself as the victim of a "vengeful vendetta", ironically the pedant seemingly unaware of the tautology. The man nicknamed Mr Squeaker by his critics can squeak his innocence all he likes. He's finished, and he knows it. Good riddance to bad rubbish.