Today is Shrove Tuesday, also known as Pancake Day, which marks the last day before Lent. The Christian celebration of Lent is a 40-day period of abstinence starting on Ash Wednesday and ending on Easter Sunday. Traditionally, Christians give up luxuries and avoid rich foods including dairy, meat and eggs during this period to mark the 40 days and 40 nights that Jesus went without food in the desert. Shrove Tuesday was an opportunity for people to get rid of all the spare ingredients they had in their cupboards. Pancakes were the perfect way to use up eggs, sugar and fats before embarking on the fast. Now, Britons look forward to Shrove Tuesday as an excuse to eat tasty pancakes. One royal who was likely looking forward to today is Prince Harry. Unearthed footage shows he is a very enthusiastic pancake-eater. On a royal trip to Morocco in 2019, Harry and his wife Meghan stopped off at a pancake-making class in Rabat. JUST IN: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry The cookery class was held for under-privileged children in the area to give them the chance to learn important cooking skills and traditional Moroccan recipes from some of the country's most renowned chefs. Prince Harry was particularly excited to try the pancakes and wasted no time getting stuck in. After being presented with a plate of treats by the chefs, Harry rolled one up and took a bite. Lizzie Robinson, the royal producer at ITV News, shared the hilarious footage of Meghan and Harry eating via Twitter. As Harry took a mouthful, Megan teased his eagerness for the sweet treats, saying: “Big bite!” The Duke looked at his wife in confusion before realising he was meant to share the pancake, he joked: “[It’s a] bit late now”. The Duchess of Sussex eventually got to taste the pancake and complimented the children on their cooking, saying it was “excellent”. Through a mouthful of pancake, the Duke eventually managed to add: “Delicious.” The pancakes were a traditional Moroccan recipe from the Hubb Community Kitchen and Meghan Markle’s cookbook. The Duchess reportedly told Chef Dar Moha, “[The Hubb Community Kitchen will] be so proud to see this. The message has travelled far.” The Hubb Community Kitchen was formed by a group of local women in the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire. They came together to cook fresh food for their families and neighbours. Inside Kate Middleton and Prince William’s ‘immensely special’ first home in Wales [LATEST]Meghan Markle's 'extraordinary' meeting with Queen before exit from Royal Family [INSIGHT]‘Cruel’ plan to strip Beatrice and Eugenie of royal styles ‘got vetoed’ [ANALYSIS] The women continue to cook and provide for their community via varied projects and initiatives to benefit the homeless, refugees, women fleeing violence, families in need, new mothers, isolated and elderly women, frontline health workers and rehabilitated ex-offenders. Meghan helped to release the cookbook as part of her first solo endeavour as a member of the Royal Family. In the introduction, Meghan wrote: "I immediately felt connected to this community kitchen; it is a place for women to laugh, grieve, cry and cook together. "Melding cultural identities under a shared roof, it creates a space to feel a sense of normalcy – in its simplest form, the universal need to connect, nurture, and commune through food, through crisis or joy – something we can all relate to. "Through this charitable endeavour, the proceeds will allow the kitchen to thrive and keep the global spirit of community alive." Just over a year after their trip to Morocco, Harry and Meghan stepped down as senior royals. They now live in Montecito, California with their two children Archie, two, and Lilibet, who was born in June last year. They have continued to do work for charity and community groups, including work with a Texas women's shelter. The Sussexes were honoured at the prestigious NAACP Image Awards on Saturday, run by the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People. They received the President's Award "in recognition of special achievement and distinguished public service.”