Fearless Ukrainian troops opened fire on a column of invading tanks at Brovary, north west of the capital, some of which were destroyed in a fireball. The attack threw the Russian artillery into disarray and pushed the enemy forces back. It was also said to have killed the tank commander. Putin's troops had only just pushed on after days stuck in freezing mud north of the city. Considerable convoys of Kremlin forces were heading for the suburbs where they were met with fierce resistance. Kyiv's mayor Vitali Klitschko, the former world heavyweight boxing champion, vowed to fight to the death, saying: "We're ready to die for our home country and for our families. It's our home. It's our future and somebody wants to come to our home and steal our future from us. Skirmishes "Every street, every house is being fortified and the territorial defence is joining in." "Even people who in their lives never intended to change their clothes, now they are in uniform with machine guns in their hands. We're not interested in how strong the Russian army is, we're ready to fight." His military began to show their strength yesterday as skirmishes intensified into fully fledged firefights. Kremlin troops launched two attacks on Kyiv - one via the besieged western suburb of Irpin and another through Brovary. But home forces were seen repelling the onslaught. The devastating ambush at Brovary was said to have killed Colonel Andrei Zakharov, commander of the Russian tank regiment. Colonel Zakharov had been awarded the Order of Courage by Putin in 2016 and his death came after two Russian generals were killed by Kyiv's troops earlier in the week. Radio transmissions intercepted from Russians on the battlefield suggested the tank column suffered heavy losses. Ukraine says it has now destroyed around 300 Russian tanks. Interior minister Vadym Denysenko said they had also managed to repel the attack in Irpin and were counterattacking in ongoing fierce battles. A Russian attempt to cross the Irpin River in the town of Moshchun was foiled and Mr Denysenko added: "The night was quite difficult, but in general we can say the army counter-attacked near Kyiv." Some two million Kyivites have now fled the capital - roughly half of its population. President Volodymyr Zelensky, who is still in Kyiv, said his "heart breaks at what the occupants have done with our cities, our country and at what they want to do to our people" who he said needed "urgent help". Fears are growing that Putin's faltering invasion could provoke him into using chemical and biological weapons. In the wake of the barbaric bombing of a maternity hospital in Mariupol, the US government issued a stark warning about the increasingly erratic Russian despot's deadly intentions. The White House press secretary Jen Psaki warned the world needed to be on its guard to the possibility Putin could use illegal chemical weaponry." She said: "We should all be on the lookout for Russia to use chemical or biological weapons or to create a false flag operation using them. It's a clear pattern." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss warned the Russian president he would be making a "grave mistake" if he took such a course. On a visit to the US, she said: "We are very concerned about the potential use of chemical weapons. "We've seen Russia use these weapons before in fields of conflict, but that would be a grave mistake on the part of Russia." Chemical weapons are known to have been used by Russia in assisting the forces of President Bashar al-Assad in Syria. Putin's forces are already said be using "lung-busting" thermobaric rockets and cluster bombs in Ukraine. The warnings came just hours after the Kremlin accused the US of funding a scheme by the Ukrainian health ministry to develop deadly pathogens including anthrax. Maria Zakharova, Moscow's foreign ministry spokeswoman, claimed the "military labs" were only shut down on February 24 - the date Putin's invasion began. The White House called the claims "preposterous". But Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov accused the West of "acting dangerously" while claiming the "special operation" in Ukraine was proceeding as planned. While meeting his Ukrainian counterpart Dmytro Kuleba in Turkey - in the first high-level talks between the two countries since the war began - he dismissed concerns about Russian military attacks on civilians as "pathetic shrieks". He claimed the Mariupol maternity hospital - where three people including a child were killed - had been seized by Ukrainian far-right radical fighters who were using it as a base. He insisted all the patients and nurses were moved out before the assault, despite photographs and TV footage showing otherwise. The Russian offensive continued with a deadly attack in Kharkiv, killing two children and two adults in a civilian block.