A quick brush isn’t enough to clean your shaggy rug. The long fibres in these rugs make them more difficult to clean because they hold dust and dirt deep inside the rug. It’s not tricky when you know how, though. Express.co.uk reveals how to clean a shaggy rug in three steps, according to Dunelm. If you’ve got stains on your rug, it’s always best to treat these before cleaning the rest of the rug. Different stains need different treatments, so make sure you’ve thoroughly researched how to remove the specific stain before you try something extreme. For example, you can use a baking soda paste or diluted white vinegar and washing up liquid to remove a red wine stain, but you’d need a non-acetone nail varnish remover for a nail polish stain. Pet stains and tea or coffee stains can normally be removed with diluted white vinegar. READ MORE- Amner Hall: Will & Kate's 'modern family home' with £1.5m renovations Is your rug a little smelly? Spillages, smoking, pets and general usage can trap smells in your rug. The easiest way to remove smells is to sprinkle some baking soda all over the rug and then use your hands to work it into the pile. Leave the baking soda to sit in the rug overnight and then hoover it back up. Repeat the process until the smell is gone. More pungent smells will require steam cleaning or a treatment of a mixture of baking soda and white vinegar. To clean your rug (and hopefully remove final traces of smells and stains), all you need is some washing detergent or dry shampoo. Sprinkle or spray some dry shampoo onto the rug and use a cloth to work it into the fibres. Dunelm’s experts said: “Allow the dry shampoo to sit for a couple of hours and then thoroughly vacuum out of the pile for shaggy rugs up to 5cm pile height. “If your shaggy rug pile is longer than 5cm, you can shake it out instead.” DON'T MISS...Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [INFORMER]‘Clever’ tricks to ‘transform’ your home on a budget ‘overnight’ [INSIGHT]Home interior: The ‘unappealing’ paint colours to avoid now - ‘dingy’ [EXPLAINER] For a more thorough clean, you might like to use water and laundry detergent. The experts instructed: “Mix up a bucket of cold water with a capful of gentle, non-bio laundry detergent. “You can also use wool-specific carpet shampoo, but always test a small area first. “Dampen a white microfibre cloth and working with the direction of the material, gently dab the rug. “Pay closer attention to heavily soiled areas and re-dampen the cloth as necessary being careful not to get the rug wet. When cleaning a wool rug, try not to oversaturate to keep it feeling plush and full.” Refill your bucket with plain water and repeat the previous step with a fresh white cloth. Then, once you’re finished, use a dry white microfiber cloth or a plain coloured towel and blot the rug. Doing this will remove as much moisture as possible, but you must allow it to dry completely before walking on it again. If necessary, hang the rug up or use fans to speed up the process.