Adding to the difficulties presented by hiked energy prices and higher national insurance contributions is an inflated retail sector, which is making products from food and furniture to clothes and beauty less accessible for UK households. Retail price annual inflation accelerated to 1.8 percent in February, up from 1.5 percent in January – the highest rate of inflation since November 2011, according to the BRC-NielsenIQ Shop Price Index. Helen Dickinson, chief executive of the British Retail Consortium, said: "Price rises will be unwelcome news for households who already face falling disposable income because of the rise in national insurance and energy price caps." A key driver behind the inflated prices is the rapidly rising cost of food, which has been impacted by poor harvests globally. However, non-food inflation saw a staggering growth, too, with health, beauty, and furniture prices under an inflationary shift 0.9 percent in January to 1.3 percent in February. PMQs LIVE: UK led the way! Boris fires back at Starmer's attack 'Vice tightening on Putin' Food inflation, in fact, remained unchanged at 2.7 percent last month. Yet, it remains above the 12 and six-month average price growth rates of 0.7 percent and 1.6 percent respectively and is at its highest rate since September 2013. Ms Dickinson said: "Retailers are going to great lengths to mitigate against these price rises and support their customers. "For example, many supermarkets have expanded their value ranges for food. Unfortunately, there are limits to the costs that retailers can absorb." Reports of Aldi and Lidl being the fastest-growing retailers in the three months to 20 February, both increasing sales by 3.3 percent, come as no surprise. Research by Ipsos revealed more than eight in 10 UK shoppers have started to change how they shop to cut costs this year, with changes such as moving to cheaper brands, avoiding non-essential grocery purchases and opting for discounted items. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the consumer price index (CPI) measure of inflation, up from 5.4 percent in December, was in line with economists' expectations. Ms Dickinson explained the matter cannot be linked to a single factor but is the result of a series of issues – some specific to the UK, others seen across the globe. DON'T MISSUkraine-Russia conflict: British consumers pay a high price [EXPLAINER]Sadiq Khan: London 'well-prepared' if Russia launches nuclear attack [REPORT]Minimum wage increase 2022: Key dates you need to know [INSIGHT] She said: "Retailers continue to face cost pressures from higher shipping rates, with crude oil prices having almost doubled over the last year. "Other pressures include labour shortages, commodity price increases, and rising energy prices." The new figures — which follow inflation hitting its highest rate, at 5.5 percent, since March 1992 in January — come amid growing fears the repercussions of Russia's invasion of Ukraine may soon be felt in the UK. Unlike the EU, the UK is not heavily reliant on Russia for gas. Still, concerns that supplies from the country will be disrupted have pushed up prices on the wholesale market. As global commodity prices jump towards multi-year highs over the imposition of sanctions and potential supply disruption, households are warned their gas and electricity bills could be subject to another substantial surge. The rise could be as high as £600-£1,000 a year, reaching as much as £3,000. Today UK wholesale gas prices — the price paid by energy companies who serve British households — briefly topped £4.50 per therm on Wednesday, up from £2.50 on Tuesday morning, before settling at around £4.