US President Joe Biden, 79, delivered his first State of the Union address earlier this morning. During his appearance in Congress, Mr Biden went after Vladimir Putin, 69, and Russian oligarchs following the Kremlin's invasion of Ukraine. However, he also addressed American concerns about inflation, which has reached its highest point in 40-years. Republicans have come out to criticise the POTUS for his performance, despite Mr Biden receiving a bipartisan round of applause when he paid his respects to the Ukrainian struggle against Russia. Iowa's GOP Governor Kim Reynolds, 62, led the Republican charge. Ms Reynolds said: "Instead of moving America forward, it feels like President Biden and his party have sent us back in time to the late 70s and early 80s. "When runaway inflation was hammering families, a violent crime wave was crashing on our cities, and the Soviet army was trying to redraw the world map." JUST IN: 'Sanctions are not enough!' Calls for urgent global shutdown of ALL business with Russia Inflation in America reached its highest level in 40-years when it hit 7.5 percent in January, the US Bureau of Labor Statistics has revealed. But Reynolds also used her media appearance to show her support for Ukraine, by saying: "Now all Americans must stand united in solidarity with the brave people of Ukraine as they courageously defend their country against Putin's tyranny, as they fight for their freedom." However, the Iowa Governor ripped into Biden for his record on Russia and the US withdrawal from Afghanistan. She said: "We shouldn't ignore what happened in the run-up to Putin's invasion." Reynolds then highlighted how the Biden administration waived sanctions on the Nord Stream 2 pipeline which Mr Biden reversed last Tuesday. READ MORE:  'Putin was wrong!' Biden slams Kremlin over Ukraine invasion in State of the Union address Concluding her attack on Mr Biden's foreign policy, Ms Reynolds said: "Weakness on the world stage has a cost and the President's approach to foreign policy has consistently been too little too late." Ms Reynolds wasn't the only Republican to blast Biden. Nikki Haley, 50, who served as the US ambassador to the United Nations from 2017 until 2018, released a series of tweets criticising the President. In one post, the ex-South Carolina Governor said: "The state of our union is weak thanks to leaders who refuse to lead and push policies that hold us back. "But the state of our people is strong and proud. We are the same Americans we have always been: hard-working, unstoppable, unafraid to dream." DON'T MISS:  French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war [REVEAL] Ukraine support from UK furiously backed by Lord Hannan [INSIGHT] Diane Abbott and anti-NATO Labour MPs put on notice by Starmer [SPOTLIGHT] Conservative commentator Ben Shapiro, who has amassed more than 3.8million Twitter followers and infamously walked out of an interview with the 72-year-old former BBC journalist Andrew Neil, addressed Mr Biden's "pathetic" performance in a video post. He said: "Ladies and gentlemen, we gather here tonight to mourn the state of our nation because the state of our nation is pathetic. "And it is pathetic in the main because of the President of the United States. As it turns out we all should have listened to Barack Obama. "In 2020, former President Obama said something simple yet profound about his former Vice President, a man he had labelled his 'brother'. "He said: 'Don’t underestimate Joe’s ability to F things up.' Barack Obama was right."