Iain Martin, writing in The Times, said the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project is in ruins along with Mrs Merkel's name. He added that the former Chancellor's insistence Russian President Vladimir Putin could be contained was an epic delusion and one of the worst geopolitical miscalculations since World War 2. Russia's Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Berlin's decision to freeze the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline's certification was unacceptable and would lead to irrevocable damage to bilateral relations. It added that the move would also lead to an inevitable and rapid rise in gas prices. Germany halted the gas pipeline project running under the Baltic Sea in February in response to Russia's recognition of the Donetsk and Luhansk republics. It was designed to double the flow of Russian gas direct to Germany. Mr Martin, who is co-founder of news site Reaction, wrote: "It was Merkel who stressed year after year that it was fine to become reliant on Russian gas, smoothing German industry’s transition to greener energy decades down the line. It wasn’t as though Vladimir Putin was going to do anything completely crazy." He added that the ultra-cynical Putin could hardly have believed his luck, watching Germany close its nuclear power stations and make plans to phase out coal in favour of a gas fix from Moscow. Mr Martin added: "In this way, Merkelism emboldened Putin, filled the Kremlin’s coffers and helped to persuade him that the wider West was decadent, self-satisfied and too weak to care about responding to aggression, which we too often have been. In seven days, 16 years of Merkelism has gone up in smoke." He hailed new German chancellor, Olaf Scholz, for announcing an overhaul of Germany’s "depleted" armed forces with a £82 billion (€100bn) increase in the defence budget and pledge to meet Nato’s spending target of two percent of GDP. Mr Scholz had faced accusations of weak leadership over the Ukraine crisis and of being too soft on Russia, but his pipeline decision and unexpectedly combative stance in Kremlin talks with Putin earned him plaudits in February.  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK TOWN WHERE A RUSSIAN NATIONAL BALLET CAN GO AHEAD He also poked fun at Putin's fears over Nato's eastern enlargement and at the Russian leader's time in power. Germany's Chancellor, grinning towards Putin, said: "I don't quite know how long the President plans to stay in office. I have a feeling this could be a long time, but not forever." Mrs Merkel said last month that Russia's invasion of Ukraine marked a deep rupture in Europe's history following the end of the Cold War. Her legacy has come under fresh scrutiny in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which has seen thousands killed or wounded. The former Chancellor, who led Germany for 16 years until last December, was long seen as the West's key interlocutor with Putin. DON'T MISS: Russian National Ballet performance to go ahead in UK town [REVEALED] Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [LATEST] Princess Diana stuns in never-before-seen portrait [REPORT] In a statement, she said she was following the unfolding events with great worry and sympathy, adding that she wholly supported Mr Scholz and Germany's allies to hold Russia to account for its actions. The fluent Russian speaker who grew up in Communist East Germany said: "There is no justification for this blatant breach of international law, and I wholeheartedly condemn it." Mr Martin concludes by observing that a debate on the new security architecture must involve Nato and non-Nato countries, EU and non-EU members with Britain at the heart of it as well as Germany now Merkelism is over. Mrs Merkel had led the West's imposition of sanctions after Russia annexed Crimea in 2014. It marked a turning point in bilateral relations given Germany's longstanding focus on engaging the Kremlin to secure peace. However, Berlin continued to increase its dependence on Russian energy throughout her mandate and now relies on Russia for more than half its energy needs. Mrs Merkel's former Economy and Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel of the Social Democratic Party told German radio Deutschlandfunk in last week that he had supported Nord Stream 2 because he believed such projects carried a peace dividend. He added: "The question for me and Merkel is whether we were too optimistic." Meanwhile, calls have also been mounting for Mrs Merkel to come out of retirement and hold talks with Putin in an attempt to end the war. The head of an influential Kremlin-funded Russian think tank is the latest to propose Mrs Merkel act as a mediator. Andrei Kortunov told the BBC: "I think it should be a voice from the outside, a person who President Putin respects, who he trusts, a person who could demonstrate some empathy but at the same time call for changes in the approach." "I personally thought of Angela Merkel because she knows the Ukrainian problem, she signed the Minsk agreements, she is respected in Russia, in Ukraine, in Europe and she might be the person to help find a solution to this problem." Former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, 77, has also been under the spotlight in recent weeks over his links to Russian companies. Mr Schroeder is on the board of Russian oil giant Rosneft and is chairman of the shareholders' committee of the company that is in charge of building the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, which is being sanctioned by the US. He has faced calls from some German politicians to step down from such roles.