Vera star Brenda Blethyn has revealed that she thinks that people in the north of the country are "friendlier" than those in the south, regardless of "what anybody says". The star, 76, made the comments in a new interview where she also addressed whether she is set to leave the programme after more than a decade on the show. The actress stars as DCI Vera Stanhope in the whodunnit programme, a role she has played since 2011. Ahead of its return to screens, the popular ITV show is currently filming season 12. The hit series is being filmed in various locations in the north east, including Northumberland and Newcastle, among other regions. Speaking about the difference between filming in the north of the country compared to the south, Brenda addressed the "friendliness" of the two ends of the UK. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet She said: "I love it, I just love it – I love the people up there, too. "There is a difference between the friendliness of the north and the south, I don't care what anybody says. "That's the main compliment, really, that the people of the north east like Vera," she added. The star also candidly addressed rumours that she may be leaving the show, which she abruptly shut down. Brenda said: "I haven’t got any plans to [leave]. “At the moment, all the time I’m fit and able, I’ll be visiting Vera," she continued to Radio Times. It comes after the star previously opened up about feeling "horrified" over a change on the Vera set. The star told how when they went back to filming after the pandemic, she was left concerned about a change made to the props. DON'T MISS... Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [UPDATE]Ronnie Wood's ex Jo shares last contact she had with Charlie Watts [INSIGHT]‘He fought until the very end’ Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey pays tribute [ANALYSIS] Brenda admitted her character’s hoard of rubbish in her car had been destroyed. This had seemingly happened in response to Covid restrictions in place on the project. As a result, everything had to be sanitised to make working on the set as safe as possible. Speaking about this, Brenda said: “When we shot the first scene in the Land Rover, I was horrified to notice that all the rubbish that Vera has accumulated had been removed and the whole vehicle sanitised. “I cried, ‘I want all Vera’s rubbish back please’. “So they sanitised all the rubbish and put it back in. All the empty crisp bags and apple cores. They all came back," she explained to The Mirror. Brenda also stars as Kate in series Kate & Koji, who runs an old-fashioned café and develops a strong friendship with an asylum-seeking African doctor. Kate & Koji airs tonight on ITV at 9pm. 