Viewers of the Channel 4 programme saw Mr Weidhorn go undercover within his fast food restaurant to find out what it is really like to work for him. By spending time with different employees, he was able to see the negatives about his company, and try and improve them. The undercover boss worked with shift leader Lisa and she taught him how to run the cash machines and take orders. Lisa is a single mother with three children. Her husband sadly passed away after their son's first birthday due to heart conditions. “I lost everything,” Lisa said. She continued: “I lost my house, I lost my car. I lost everything. I still don’t have a car. “I was sleeping in my sister's living room with the kids.” READ MORE: Universal Credit and Pension Credit recipients could get free NHS prescriptions He said: “I got locked up in jail a few years ago due to a few bad business deals, and I know how hard it is to go through that process, it’s tough. But I think you have a great attitude and it’s great that you have your head around it. “You’re a stellar example of how things should be done.” Mr Weidhorn really admired Lisa’s strength as he knew how hard it was to try and reinvent yourself once you go through a hard time. As Lisa has been through so much tragedy and she “lost everything”, Mr Weidhorn wanted to do something for her to help make things easier. He said: “I want to give you money to pay your rent for the next year. Whatever it is, I want to pay it. “You told me that you’re buried in debt but you need to have a fresh start and I want to help you with that. “I will pay for a financial advisor to help you resolve all of your debt free. I want you to start over debt free.” Lisa burst into tears expressing her gratitude. “I don’t even know what that would feel like it’s been so long, thank you so much,” she said. The undercover boss also gave Lisa $10,000 (around £7,500) to get a new car. She responded: “I don’t feel like I deserve all this, I just do my job. “Thank you so much, this is amazing. I’m so overwhelmed I can’t believe this. “You’ve helped me so much, my life is going to be so different.” Mr Weidhorn reassured her that she is very deserving due to her passion for the job and her hard working nature. Undercover Boss USA is available to watch on All 4.