Barcelona are set for a £33.5million windfall as Antoine Griezmann nears a permanent return to Atletico Madrid. The sale will provide a significant boost to the cash-strapped Catalan club as they look to fund moves for the likes of Liverpool's Mohamed Salah and Borussia Dortmund's Erling Haaland.  The French forward re-joined Diego Simeone's side on an initial loan deal last summer, which also included an option-to-buy. The terms of that purchase clause specified that if Griezmann were to play 50 per cent of Atletico's games this season, his loan deal could be made permanent this summer. At present, the 31-year-old has featured in 66 per cent of Atletico's matches this campaign despite missing three months of the season through injury. Simeone is reportedly keen to activate the clause and officially re-sign Griezmann this summer, three years after Barcelona shelled out £107m for his services. According to El Desmarque, as per Sport, Atletico are close to finalising a permanent deal for Griezmann, which would see Barcelona land £33.5m. Though this is a significantly smaller fee than the one the Blaugrana paid out back in 2019, it will provide a significant boost to the club's finances. JUST IN: Newcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level  Barcelona are keen to continue their renaissance under Xavi this season by adding to their ranks in the summer. However, due to their well-documented financial woes, the club are currently on the limit with regards to their squad salary cap. Griezmann's impending transfer to Atletico will free up some significant space in their budget, especially as he is one of La Liga's highest earners. Once Griezmann has been offloaded, Barcelona will then be able to focus all their attentions on securing his high-profile replacement. The Spanish giants are said to be keen on landing a big-named striker to lead their line next season, with Haaland heavily linked. However, given Manchester City have reportedly emerged as frontrunners in the race for the 21-year-old's services, a number of back-up option are being assessed. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit  Salah is arguably the stand-out name also being linked with a move to the Nou Camp as his contract uncertainty at Anfield continues to rumble on. According to Mundo Deportivo, Barcelona are currently monitoring the Egyptian after he sent 'signals' to the Spanish side ahead of a potential transfer. Griezmann isn't expected to be the only name to depart Xavi's squad this summer as the club's overhaul appears set to continue. Bayern Munich's Robert Lewandowski and Leeds winger Raphinha are two other attacking options being considered. 