NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg has issued a chilling warning over the war in Ukraine after a meeting of foreign ministers in Brussels. General Stoltenberg described the conflict in Ukraine as "the worst military aggression in Europe for decades." General Stoltenberg told the press conference: "This the worst military aggression in Europe for decades. "With the cities under siege, schools, hospitals, and residential buildings shelled reckless actions around a nuclear power gone last night and many civilians killed or wounded. "The days to come are likely to be worse. "With more death, more suffering and more destruction as Russian Armed Forces bring in heavier weaponry and continue their attacks across the country." Mr Stoltenberg also said on Friday that the Western military alliance would not set up a no-fly zone over Ukraine nor send troops there. The NATO Secretary-General said: "Allies agree we should not have NATO planes operating in Ukrainian air space or NATO troops on Ukraine's territory." He said Russia's was in Ukraine was "horrific". "At the same time, we have a responsibility as NATO allies to prevent this war from escalating beyond Ukraine because that would be even more dangerous, more devastating, and would cause even more human suffering." He told reporters: "We have seen the use of cluster bombs and we have seen reports of use of other types of weapons which would be in violation of international law." Dozens of explosions were heard in downtown Kyiv on Friday morning and air raid sirens wailed, in an apparent sign Russian missile strikes on and around the capital were intensifying. There were no immediate reports of casualties. While no major assault has been launched on Kyiv yet, the capital has been shelled and Russian forces unleashed fierce firepower to try to break resistance in the nearby town of Borodyanka. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] Drone footage from the town to the northwest of Kyiv on Thursday showed flattened houses and a badly damaged apartment block, with some homes charred and still on fire. Burned-out military vehicles littered a main road. Russia says its actions in Ukraine are a "special operation" not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its neighbour's military capabilities and capture what it calls dangerous nationalists. Ukraine and its Western allies dismiss that description and call it an unjustified invasion. Hundreds of civilians have been killed in the biggest attack on a European state since World War Two and more than a million people have fled abroad.