Your lawn might be looking a little bit dull and worse-for-wear after being battered by winter weather and the onset of storms last month. Though grass will grow naturally on its own, there are some "simple steps" gardeners can follow to give their green space an added boost. Even if your lawn is looking particularly hopeless, adorned with brown patches and missing clumps, experts from Garden Buildings Direct say there are some "helpful" jobs gardeners can do to "speed up the process". A spokesperson for Gardenbuildingsdirect.co.uk said: "It is usual for your lawn to look rough after Winter, especially after bearing all the storms, cold temperatures and harsh weather conditions we've had this year. "Although your lawn can recover on its own, it's helpful to aid and speed up the process by helping it prepare for healthy growth. "With a few simple steps, you can make a huge impact on rejuvenating your lawn and right now is the perfect time to get your garden back into shape." READ MORE: How to kill moss - five ways to banish moss and keep it away for good Remove any debris After bad weather and the changing of seasons, your lawn is likely to be scattered with fallen leaves, branches and other debris. Begin by raking these up and getting rid of any dead grass or plants that did not survive the winter. Garden Building Direct's spokesperson said: "Cleanup will give you a clear picture of the state of the lawn and the most problematic areas that you should focus on. "You can do that by using a lawn rake, as raking will prepare the lawn for the next steps." DON'T MISSUK has no ‘moss killer’ - gardeners can only ‘change’ grass conditions [INSIGHT]'Perfect' frequency and height to cut grass according to pro  [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ [REVEALED] Get rid of the weeds Although many plants fall dormant during the colder months, an array of weeds do not. The spokesperson said: "Pull out all weeds and prevent them from popping up in your yard using a weed killer. "Getting rid of weeds will make it more likely for your other garden plants to grow and flourish, as this way, they don't have to compete with unwanted weeds for water, light and nutrients. "It's essential to remember that you should eliminate the weeds before the fertilisation and watering steps to avoid the weeds growing out of control." Aerate the soil The topsoil of your lawn can get waterlogged and compacted during the winter, therefore aeration is vital. If your lawn is not aerated, the grass will not get enough oxygen and nutrients from the soil. The experts explained: "Aeration is done by poking holes into the land using a plug or spike aerator, similar to a hand-push mower. "Improving the ground makes a huge difference in how healthy your grass and plants will look in the upcoming spring and summer seasons." Seed any bare patches After winter, it is not uncommon to notice bare or brown patches across your lawn. so if this is the case, it would be good to reseed the lawn to fill in the grass. According to Garden Buildings Direct: "Depending on how bad the situation is, you can either reseed the whole lawn or you can opt to repair the few bare patches. "The simplest way is to scatter the seeds evenly with your hand, using a seed spreader." Water consistently Like all plants, grass needs water. In the UK, this task shouldn't be too tricky as it rains so often, but the experts say gardeners "should not forget to give their extra lawn care when it's dry". This will give any significantly thinned out patches the chance to bloom. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Fertilise the lawn Fertiliser can help your grass on its way to looking greener and healthier. The gardening experts explained: "Nature sometimes struggles to replenish some essential nutrients that your soil needs, and because of that, it can be helpful to use fertilisers. "Fertilising encourages your plants and grass to grow to their full potential. "Ensure that the soil (not air) temperature is about 12 degrees, and make sure to ask for professional advice if you're not sure which is the correct fertiliser to use." Keep up your maintenance routine Although it is good to follow these steps, regularly keeping on top of your grass care is the ultimate way to protect your lawn. The Garden Buildings Direct spokesperson said: "That's the thing with gardening. You can't just look after your yard for a few weeks and then abandon it - it requires constant upkeep and care. "To keep your lawn looking friendly and healthy, mow it regularly, make sure that the grass gets enough water and fertilise it."