The official announcement revealing the next James Bond actor will likely arrive in the next few months. Until then, the bookies have been tracking the most likely actors to take over from Daniel Craig after his final movie, No Time To Die. Rumours recently hit that Tom Hardy had already been cast as the enigmatic spy, but the bookies' odds seem to point in a different direction. Hardy was a favourite in Ladbrokes' odds for some time, but he has now slipped back to third place. The iconic Venom actor currently has a strong 9/2 on becoming Bond for the next movie. However, at the moment, it is not quite enough to take the top spot in the betting. Instead, Hardy has been blocked from progressing any further by two Netflix actors. What do you think? Would Tom Hardy be a good James Bond? Join the debate in the comments section here. First up is Henry Cavill, who is best known for playing Superman and Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher. Cavill recently spoke out about the possibility of becoming Bond, where he noted that he would "definitely have a conversation" about it. He added: "From what I understand, there's very very early conversations happening at the top at MGM, there's no list yet." At the moment, he has incredible 5/2 odds from Ladbrokes on becoming 007. And he is neck-and-neck with a streaming service pal from Bridgerton. READ MORE: James Bond: 'Terrified' Sean Connery was 'drunk' for iconic scene Cavill is joined by Regé-Jean Page, who is best known for playing Simon Bassett in the period drama. He also enjoys a staggering 5/2 on becoming Bond next from Ladbrokes. Although it would be brilliant to see Page playing the character, he has previously explained how he was "flattered" by rumours of his Bond casting but assured fans nothing had been decided just yet. The bookies' Alex Apati commented: "The latest signs point towards a two-horse race between Regé-Jean Page and Henry Cavill for the 007 gig, with the pair continuing to pull away from the chasing pack." But they aren't alone in their race to the top. DON'T MISS...James Bond: 'Terrified' Sean Connery was 'drunk' for iconic scene [NEWS]Next James Bond ‘tough decision’ Barbara Broccoli on new 007 casting [INFO]James Bond stars in bad moods: ‘We had a slanging match’ says director [INSIGHT] Past Cavill, Page and Hardy are a few more notable names on the 007 hit list. Idris Elba still has staggering odds that remain at 6/1 - despite the fact he recently noted how he wanted to "step away" from acting. The part-time DJ explained how he wants to spend more time working on his music career instead of acting, quashing any chance of him becoming Bond in the near future. He is joined by Jamie Dornan, who has an impressive 8/1. The Irish star made a name for himself in the gripping serial killer drama The Fall. The star was also Christian Grey in the raunchy 50 Shades of Grey series. Earlier this month Peaky Blinders star Cillian Murphy also had his odds slashed. The Tommy Shelby actor received a nod from Apati, who noted: "Cillian Murphy may well get the 007 gig by order of the Bond chiefs with Peaky Blinders soon set to come to an end." But after stepping off of such a prestigious series (Peaky Blinders), would Murphy want to sign up to another enormous franchise such as Bond straight away? Time will tell.