Ukraine has accused Russian forces of shelling a drama theatre in Mariupol on Wednesday where hundreds of people had reportedly sought refuge. Local officials have said residents are buried under the rubble following the bombing, but the number of casualties remains unclear. LBC radio host Nick Ferrari warned the blast could mark a "very dangerous" phase of the conflict during Thursday's instalment of This Morning. Speaking to hosts Alison Hammond and Phillip Schofield about the shelling, Nick stated: "This could actually mark a very dangerous phase of the war because a lot of commentators are suggesting that Putin now is effectively lashing out. "Anyone can deduce that it's not moved at the pace he thought, he thought by now he would have control of Ukraine and have his puppet government in position and the world would be ready to move on. "But the world has responded with an extraordinary sense of unity and it is thought [Putin] is prepared to bomb just about anything."  READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Nick added: "As we are speaking they are pulling people out [of the rubble]." Mariupol's city council has released a devastating image showing an entire section of the three-storey theatre had collapsed following the bombing. On Monday, the pavement around the building was marked with large white letters spelling out the word children in Russian. The images were released by Maxar Technologies - a space technology company. On Thursday, an official in the Mariupol mayor's office claimed there are survivors, but further details are not yet known.   Nick continued: "We are prepared to supply missiles that can take an aircraft down, we supply those and we know they have been successful. "I don't relish in the death of Russian pilots at all but the fact that we are stopping their advances has to be applauded." Alison later said the US President, Joe Biden, has called Putin "a war criminal" and asked Nick if more could be done to stop the dictator. "He can't be stopped Alison," Nick exclaimed in a blunt response to her question.  DON'T MISS...Cleverly grilled over Russia civilian attacks 'Could prevent them!' [DEBATE]Refugee shambles shames this nation, says NICK FERRARI [COMMENT]Ferrari demands Patel & Truss ousted to let 'grown-ups' handle Russia [MUST SEE] "Whether he will ever end up in The Hague on trial, I don't know." The broadcaster continued: "There are now officials on the ground who are looking for evidence of war crimes and they have never moved at this pace ever before." Joining in with the discussion, Vanessa Feltz interjected: "Interestingly Putin has responded to this with fury, he's outraged. "He's been criticised resoundingly all over the world by heads of state everywhere, the most heard people on earth have said, 'Stop doing this.'  "He hasn't reacted but now he does not want this, he has made it quite clear. "He says it is absolutely execrable for the President to call him a war criminal, so what does he think a war criminal is then?" According to United Nations data, more than three million people had fled Ukraine to neighbouring nations since Russia invaded last month. This Morning continues weekdays on ITV at 10am. 