Starstruck sees members of the public get the ultimate makeover to transform into some of the biggest names in the music industry. After being transformed into their icons, three contestants take to the main stage at once where they battle it out to land a place in the final. The ITV talent show is hosted by The Voice judge Olly Murs who recently spoke out about the challenges of working on the series as well as how he prepared for it. The X Factor finalist recently opened up to Express.co.uk and other publications about hosting the primetime ITV programme. Addressing how he wanted to host the show, the 37-year-old explained: "I wanted to be me and my version of a presenter. "I am a little bit cheeky and a little bit rough around the edges and I think that’s sort of me and I don’t want to be too polished and too clean as that’s not who I am." He admitted: "I didn’t really go into with any advice, I just went into it confident that I had an amazing judging panel to work with and I loved the show and the format." READ MORE: Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with?  The Starstruck judging panel is made up of award-winning actress Sheridan Smith, American singer Adam Lambert, West End legend Beverley Knight and comedy king Jason Manford. So far they have watched contestants take to the main stage as Freddie Mercury, Michael Buble, and Tina Turner. The winner of each episode will go head-to-head in the series finale where they will sing their hearts out in a bid to win a cash prize of £50,000. The show has received a mixed reaction from ITV viewers who have compared it on social media to the hit 1990s singing competition Stars In Their Eyes which was presented by Matthew Kelly.    Olly, who is a judge on ITV's The Voice, said the challenges with Starstruck are linked to the number of factors the judges have to take into account. "You’re not just looking out for the voice, you’re looking out for the performance, you’re looking out for the voice, and how they are moving," he exclaimed. Olly said "there are so many different elements" to analyse and he was not sure how the panel and audience made their decisions. The Essex-born singer went on to detail how "emotional" it was when three contestants impersonated him for the series. DON'T MISS...Olly Murs laments impact of emergency knee surgery on his relationship [LATEST]Brian May 'lost interest' in Adam Lambert collaboration on Queen song [UPDATE]Starstruck's Sheridan Smith fights back tears over father's death [VIDEO]   “It was pretty surreal and I actually said to the judges if that was how I sing and dance I might retire now," he added. “Genuinely it was really humbling, I was very emotional actually and I was really taken aback that these three guys had gone away to study me, study how I sing and how I perform. “It was slightly weird and it did throw me a little bit because I have these amazing judges in front of me and I’m trying to be cool and host the show and suddenly I’m judging myself." The episode which included a trio of Olly impersonators aired last weekend and left the host lost for words.  The trio, consisting of London Underground technician Luke cabin crew member Simon and event singer Anthony, covered Dance With Me Tonight. Olly admitted he had no clue that he’d be coming face to face with different versions of himself when he signed up to Starstruck. After the trio tried their best to embody Olly, he quipped: “Although it was good TV I was slightly mortified at the same time [thinking], 'Did I really make it this far in my career?'" Starstruck continues Saturdays on ITV at 8.30pm and episodes can be streamed on ITV Hub. 