Butter has long been associated with weight gain, high cholesterol and other negative health issues because it's high in fat. But there are pros to the ingredient too, and an expert nutritionist has identified if used sparingly, it could actually help a person lose weight. While butter is fatty, it is also rich in nutrients, such as bone-building calcium. It also contains compounds linked to lower chances of obesity, according to WebMD. Butter can also be part of a low-carbohydrate diet, which may help people better maintain or lose weight quicker than they would with a low-fat diet. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure And of course, there's no denying it tastes great. Patricia Bannan, a Los Angeles-based nutritionist and author of Eat Right When Time Is Tight, said: "Butter adds a wonderful flavour and mouthfeel to foods. "But it's fat and calories can add up quickly, especially if you’re unaware of how much you’re using." While many slimmers looking to cut back on calories try to avoid butter entirely, Bannan revealed it could actual aid their weight loss journey in some cases. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] But only as long as they stick to portion control. "If a little butter encourages you to eat more nutrient-dense foods like vegetables," she said. "Then it may be worth including in your diet." As a serving suggestion, she advised drizzling one teaspoon of melted butter over daily vegetable or mix it into sauces. But if you're still not convinced, culinary dietitian Sara Haas, offered up a tasty alternatives. "Hummus can be a great butter alternative," she said. "Because protein and fibre-rich chickpeas are its main ingredients, it has a pretty stellar nutritional profile." Haas recommends blending hummus with some olive oil and lemon juice for a delicious, butter-free pasta sauce. Avocado oil is high in oleic acid, which is an unsaturated fat. It contains vitamin E and also helps the body absorb other fat-soluble vitamins. Haas recommended mixing it in with mashed potatoes, omelettes, or muffins, and a tiny drop is all that is needed. Olive oil contains large amounts of antioxidants and has strong anti-inflammatory properties. Research has found that it isn't associated with weight gain and obesity, and just one tablespoon of olive oil a day can contribute to many health benefits. "Nut butters are loaded with healthy unsaturated fats plus a myriad of vitamins and minerals," Haas explained. The full of heart-healthy monounsaturated fats help keeping low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in check, too.