The finds were made at Xiamabei, a Palaeolithic-aged site located on the south bank of the Huliu River in China's Nihewan Basin, some 100 miles west of Beijing, back in 2013–14. Nihewan Basin is notable for its abundance of archaeological sites that range in age from around two million to 10,000 years ago. While modern humans are known to have arrived in northern Asia around 40,000 years ago, little is known about the lives and cultural adaptations of these early people — meaning that the finds from Xiamabei and elsewhere in the Nihewan Basin provide vital insights. Dig leader Dr Fa-Gang Wang of the Hebei Provincial Institute of Cultural Relics and Archaeology said: “Xiamabei stands apart from any other known archaeological site in China, as it possesses a novel set of cultural characteristics at an early date.” Of particular significance, the team explained, was the discovery of 382 blade-like stone tools, the majority of which were miniaturised and measured less than 0.8 inches in length while some showed signs of having once been hafted, or attached to a handle. Analysis of the tool shapes and the residues left on them suggest that the stone blades were used for various tasks — including boring, cutting flesh, scraping hides and whittling down plant materials. Between the use of handles and the fact that the tools were likely multipurpose, Xiamabei presents a complex approach to material processing not seen in the region at both older and slightly younger sites, the researchers explained. Until now, little was known about stone tool usage in Eastern Asia until the dominance of microblades around 29,000 years ago. The archaeologists also found evidence at the Xiamabei site for the extensive processing of ochre — an orange–brown clay earth pigment. In fact, they said, the quantity of ochre produced was so large that leftover pigment has permanently impregnated the sediments deposited around the same time. Excavations unearthed two pieces of ochre with different mineral compositions, alongside a long limestone slab sporting smoothed areas bearing distinct ochre staining. The experts believe that different types of ochre were brought to Xiamabei and pounded and abraded in order to produce powers of varied colours and consistencies. While no bodily remains were found at the site, the archaeologists believe that its inhabitants were modern humans — Homo sapiens — given that such fossils have been found at contemporary and slightly younger sites in the region. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated According to the researchers, the discovery of the new culture hints at a period of innovation and cultural development in East Asia some 40,000 years ago. Paper author and paleoanthropologist Dr. Shi-Xia Yang of the Chinese Academy of Sciences said: “The ability of hominins to live in northern latitudes, with cold and highly seasonal environments, was likely facilitated by the evolution of culture.” This, she explained, took the form of various economic, social and symbolic adaptations. The expert added: “The finds at Xiamabei are helping us to understand these adaptations and their potential role in human migration.” DON'T MISS:Russian troops are ‘running out of gas and food’ as Putin dealt blow [REPORT]Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [INSIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas - UK price shocks soon [ANALYSIS] Specifically, the team now believes that modern humans did not spread out from Africa with one complete set of cultural adaptations — but that different innovations arose, spread, endured and were replaced alongside each other in a period of transition. Paper author and prehistoric archaeologist Professor Michael Petraglia of the Max Planck Institute in Jena, Germany, said: “Our findings show that current evolutionary scenarios are too simple.” “Modern humans, and our culture, emerged through repeated but differing episodes of genetic and social exchanges over large geographic areas.” This, he added, occurred rather than “a single, rapid dispersal wave across Asia.” In light of this understanding, Xiamabei may represent an early attempt to colonise the Nihewan Basin by modern humans, explaining the presence of some innovations — like hafted stone tools and ochre processing — but not others like abundant bone tools or ornaments. These pioneering modern humans may have engaged in cultural and genetic exchanges with archaic human groups like the Denisovans before ultimately being replaced by later waves of fellow Homo sapiens who brought with them microblade tool technologies. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Nature.