Emma Raducanu has shared her desire for a potential Andy Murray link-up ahead of their opening matches in Indian Wells. The world No 13 is hoping to go further after losing her opening match last year in the wake of her split with coach Andrew Richardson after her US Open win. Raducanu is hoping to shake off her injury woes and get a fresh start at the BNP Paribas Open. The 19-year-old suffered severe blistering in her second-round loss to Danka Kovinic at the Australian Open to start her season. She then competed in the WTA 250 event in Guadalajara last month, retiring in the third set of what was the longest WTA match of the season as she appeared to be suffering with a hip injury, and pulled out of the next tournament in Monterrey citing a left leg injury. The young Brit is now back in Indian Wells, the site of her first tournament after her shock US Open win last year, when the 1000-point event was held in a postponed October slot. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic confirms he will not be allowed to play at Indian Wells  Last year, Raducanu had just parted ways with Andrew Richardson, the coach she worked with during her historic run to the US Open title as a qualifier, when she lost her opening match to then-world No 100 Aliaksandra Sasnovich. As the 11th seed in the draw this time around, it will be a tricky first opponent in Caroline Garcia for Raducanu, who receives a bye directly to round two. Ahead of her second Indian Wells campaign, the Bromley local has been filming some promotional videos for the tournament and indicated that she wanted none other than Andy Murray in her coaching corner one day. "Also Andy because he's really good at breaking down the game," she said in a behind-the-scenes clip posted by the BNP Paribas Open. DON'T MISSMedvedev has 'a lot of work' to do as he's warned over 'emotions'Indian Wells chief provides Rafael Nadal theory in 'watch out' commentWhat Nadal does to 'separate himself' from Djokovic and Federer  "I feel like his insight and knowledge would be really helpful and I'd love to hear it." Hinting that the US Open champion was describing a potential new coach, the tournament wrote: "A player-coach do we'd love to see." Both Raducanu and Murray have arrived in the Californian desert five months later with new coaches. The 19-year-old enlisted Torben Beltz over the off-season after arriving without a coach in October and seeking advice from LTA mentor Jeremy Bates, who at the time travelled with Katie Boulter for qualifying. Meanwhile, Murray recently announced he'd be reuniting with Ivan Lendl for a third stint at the conclusion of the Sunshine Double. The 34-year-old split with long-time coach Jamie Delgado in the off-season and has remained coachless after ending a trial period with Jan De Witt after a disappointing second-round Aussie Open loss. After Indian Wells and the Miami Open, the world No 88 will stay in Miami for a training block with his former coach - an eight-time Grand Slam champion in his own right - as he opts to skip the clay-court swing. Murray previously worked with Lendl from 2011-2014 and 2016-2017, with all three of his Grand Slam titles, his two Olympic gold medals and his ascent to world No 1 coming under the Czech-born American.