It has now been announced that people are being urged to offer their homes to Ukrainian refugees as part of a new government scheme which is being rolled out on Monday and will include a "thank you" payment. It comes after growing criticism that the UK isn't doing enough to assist those fleeing the war-torn country. Sabrina and Tony have been in touch with a family wanting to come into the UK and have offered them their home, but have struggled to get them into the country. Speaking on BBC Breakfast on Sunday, the husband and wife broke down in tears as they talked via video link to the family. BBC host Roger Johnson explained: "Sabrina and Tony, you had this thought, which many people are sharing this morning. "You reached out, Sabrina, in a nutshell just explain how you found Lillia. "You haven't yet been able to bring her over but you're in touch." "Yeah," Sabrina confirmed. "So last Friday I registered on a database and I got an email from Lillia Friday morning. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one "So I had her email address, I contacted her straight away. "She said, 'How can I get into the UK?' I said, 'Look, I'm at work but can we Facetime? And that was Friday evening." "And why did you want to do this, Tony?" asked Roger. The father replied: "Well when we saw the war started we were horrified so we donated. We took medicines and clothes to the local charities. "But then once I was watching it on the telly and I saw the children in the subway, going down there for the night to sleep, as parents I pictured my children in that situation, me in that situation, Sabrina in that situation. "I was so upset about it, I thought we must do something more than just financial assistance. "Sabrina came home from work, I told her, I said 'look, we must do something'. "She said 'well, we've got a spare room in the house, leave it with me I'm going to see what I can do' and since then we've been really, really pushing to make it happen." DON'T MISS... Joanna Lumley 'burst into tears' over huge news [LATEST]James Martin reveals reality of Britain's Dover Sole being sent abroad [VIDEO]Saturday Night Take Away and Starstruck cancelled in ITV shake-up [LATEST] Stand-in host Victoria Derbyshire commented: "Okay, well here is Lillia. Lillia why don't you introduce your family to our viewers?" Appearing via video link, Lillia replied: "Good morning everyone," before introducing her husband and two daughters. "Welcome," Victoria stated. "And I wonder what you think of that fact that Sabrina and Tony want to welcome you into their home in Driffield?" "Yes," Lillia said. "To tell the truth I am so overwhelmed and just... there was darkness in my mind about my future and the future of my family but when I found them and they supported me and offered their help and they texted me every day, I was so surprised that there are such kind and helpful people around the world. "And the light was in my mind that yes, I can help my children. I am able to protect like a mother. "I can do something for them. Because I can't fight, I can't kill people, I know that I can't protect in any other way. I can only take them to a safe place and this family... I just, I don't know it's like something from God." Victoria observed: "That's how grateful people are," before turning to Sabrina and pointing out: "You look emotional." Through tears, Sabrina remarked: "Yeah, we just want them here, we've been in contact and we just want them here. We thought it would be so easy. "We have the space, we are all DBS checked, we just thought that they'd be here." BBC Breakfast airs daily at 6am on BBC One.