Earlier this week Chancellor Rishi Sunak appeared to suggest that Brexit was having a negative impact on UK trade - comments which provided ammunition to the argument that leaving the EU bloc would prove damaging for the UK economy. Meanwhile, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) said that Britain “appears to have become a less trade-intensive economy”, while statistics demonstrate that the UK has not followed the EU in a trade boost following the COVID-19 pandemic. However, some economic experts claim the situation is not so dire - and Brexit is far from the only factor. Mr Sunak said to MPs on Monday, March 28: “It was always inevitable that if you change the exact nature of your trading relationship with the EU that was going to have an impact on trade flows.” The OBR continues to predict that Brexit will eventually knock 15 percent off the value of trade in Britain’s economy. The fiscal watchdog stated last week: “These effects are likely to take several years to be fully realised, so with only just over a year having passed since the end of the transition period, and given the difficulty abstracting from the impact of the pandemic, we will continue to keep this assumption under review.” The UK appears to sit behind the rest of the world in terms of trade recovery from the pandemic.  Global exports are currently 10 percent above pre-pandemic levels, and are another 5.5 percent higher in advanced economies. For the UK, however, exports have not kept up - sitting at around 12 percent lower. As this development comes two years after Britain’s exit from the EU, completely redefining the country’s trade strategy, it is natural to assume that Brexit must be a major factor in the slump. However, a closer look at the details arguably reveals a more nuanced picture. Thomas Sampson, a trade academic at the London School of Economics, said: “It's not necessarily as straightforward as many people have been suggesting. “If it was Brexit, what I would expect to see is that exports to the EU have grown more slowly than exports to the rest of the world. And that simply isn’t true.” READ MORE: Brexit Britain is VITAL to a flourishing EU: Startling trade data [INSIGHT] Exports to the EU rapidly recovered after the Brexit deal. While UK exports to the EU fell 44percent to £7.6bn, they bounced back to £12.8bn two months later, returning to late-2020 levels. Dan York-Smith, director of strategy, planning and budget at the Treasury, said the data demonstrates a broad-based fall in trade, rather than any obvious Brexit effect. He said: “The latest ONS monthly data has goods exports to the EU above the level they were before the TCA [trade and cooperation agreement] was signed. EU exports have performed better than non-EU exports, so it is quite difficult to get a firm picture of what is driving it, and there is quite a lot of volatility.” The OBR’s David Miles added that despite cries of Brexit causing the UK’s fall in trade, “it is a foggier picture.” DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson: Burley swiped at Rayner's calls for PM to resign [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: £35m investment to spark new free trade bonanza [REVEAL]London power cut: Full list of post codes affected [ANALYSIS] He said: “The area of greater uncertainty is what is the implication of that for real incomes and productivity in the UK. It is a foggier picture.” Mr Sunak also appealed to the complexity of the situation to argue that Brexit may not be the primary drag on UK exports. He said: “It is quite hard to disentangle the various impacts of the pandemic but also the change in our trading relationship with the EU. “The data is a bit imperfect and we are trying to parse through it at the moment.”