The veteran MP was listed as being due to speak at the rally which has been organised by the Stop the War Coalition, of which Mr Corbyn is currently vice president. The group is vocal in criticising NATO's actions in Eastern Europe in the lead up to Russia's invasion.  It has previously claimed that NATO expansion had aggravated Vladimir Putin.  Mr McDonnell pulled out of the event with just hours notice after being threatened with losing the Labour whip if he went ahead with the appearance.  A Labour source said this morning: "If he goes, he’ll lose the whip.  "Any Labour MPs who speak at anything that is anti-Nato from now on are likely to be out." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG In the face of the suspension threat, the Hayes and Harlington MP said his attendance at the event would be a "distraction" from the message about Ukrainians suffering at the hands of Putin. "I have seen all the speculation about my attendance at tonight’s Stop the War meeting and reports of threats if I do," he told the grassroots website LabourList. "My response is that people are dying on the streets of Ukrainian cities. "This is not the time to be distracted by political arguments here. "Now is the time to unite and do all we can to assist the people of Ukraine desperately seeking asylum and to do all we can to bring about peace. “Nothing is more important at this time. READ MORE: Ukrainians told to KEEP Russian tanks by government "Nothing should distract us from that. "So I won’t feed into that distraction by going tonight. "I do think many Labour Party members will want clarity over the Labour Party’s attitude to attending demonstrations organised by Stop the War or by them jointly with other groups." DON'T MISS:Galloway launches scathing attack on Starmer over Brexit failures [REACTION]Russian ace Pavlyuchenkova in 'fear' after condemning Ukraine invasion [WATCH]SNP President shamed as he links Ukraine hell to Scottish independence [UPDATE] Sir Keir has been firm in his view that Labour MPs and members must not endorse anti-NATO views. He warned MPs in a behind-closed-doors meeting on Monday that any member of the party that draws "false equivalence between the actions of Russia and the actions of NATO" would be booted out. Sir Keir Starmer has already proven his determination to act against those in the party criticising NATO. Last week he took decisive action to clamp down on the party's own youth wing for failure to back the defence alliance. He slashed Young Labour's funding, cancelled its annual conference, and suspended access to its Twitter account. Young Labour was "actively detrimental to the Party’s core objectives: to promote Labour candidates and policies, and to win elections", a statement said. Posts on social media from the group, which Labour members aged 26 and under are automatically enrolled into, had called on the UK to withdraw from NATO and "pursue an international policy based on peace" to solve the Ukraine crisis. While it condemned Russian President Vladimir Putin's invasion of the neighbouring democracy, it accused Prime Minister Boris Johnson of "warmongering and bellicosity". 