The high street giant will this weekend activate the option at tills for all customers to give cash to Ukraine. It will double every donation which is made and has announced its already giving £500,000 to the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR) and 20,000 items of winter clothing for families. The announcement has divided opinions though, with some praising M&S on Facebook and others slamming the company for a lack of response. "You also need to close all your Russian branches, stopping shipments does not go far enough," one woman posted. Another shopper shared: "I always find it annoying when you see 'do you want to donate', especially when these companies are raking in profit." A third stated: "Marks and Spencer doesn't always get things right." But, as Manchester Evening News reports, other customers applauded the idea. One posted: "It makes me so sad that a positive gesture is slammed by so many people. It may not be perfect but it’s something and surely that’s better than doing nothing?" Another wrote: "As I read some of these comments I can’t believe the negativity of these people. WELL DONE M&S!! You have done what you are able to do regards the Russian shops and the money gifted is great." M&S has now issued a statement, and has suspended shipments to its Turkish franchise's Russian business. The statement read: “Given the unfolding humanitarian crisis following the invasion of Ukraine, M&S has suspended shipments to our Turkish franchisee’s Russian business." In its initial Facebook post, the supermarket giant said: "We want to do everything we can to support the children and families of Ukraine. "That's why we are building on our existing support with a £1.5m package to help families in need. "We are donating £500,000 to the UN Refugee Agency (UNHCR). We are donating 20,000 items of winter clothing that families need. "We have allocated £500,000 to support UNICEF through matched colleague fundraising and double Sparks donations. And you can show your support too. "From this weekend, we'll be activating giving at our till-points, and at M&S.com. Sparks customers can select UNICEF UK as their chosen charity, and we will make double donations every time you shop at M&S."  