James Haskell, 36, has voiced his concerns to father-in-law Richard Madeley regarding the impending arrival of his first child with wife Chloe Madeley. The rugby player joked about his unborn child’s looks in comparison to his own. The star appeared on GMB in mid-February to discuss his career and also to announce he and Chloe are expecting a little one. The former England Rugby player told Richard that he was going to be “a grandfather once again". Richard was then congratulated by co-host Ranvir Singh. James said: “Well Richard, Chloe and I are expecting our first child. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award “We are going to be having a little girl, and you are going to be a grandfather once again.” A photo then appeared on screen of Chloe and her mother, Judy Finnigan, holding up the baby scan and posing. Richard then responded enthusiastically, adding: "We can actually see the child. Chloe sent us this - there we are: her three-month scan. "That's the little girl: looks like she's reading the paper doesn't it?” James then quipped in reply: "Let's hope she has her mother's looks!” Chloe also took to her Instagram page that same morning, with a short video clip update. She shared a small collage of photos, including one of the scan, and a photo of herself and James on a ski trip. She captioned the post: “Little one”, with a pink love heart. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] After sharing the post with her 247,000 followers, fans and friends were quick to offer their congratulations. Davina McCall wrote: “Awwwww !!! So chuffed for u guys xx.” Jean-Marie Stander penned: “OHHHH YAAAAAY!!!!! massive congratulations you guys!” Edjackson8 wrote: “Congratulations guys… that’s going to be a quiet little one!” Courtney Black said: “Congrats!!” James has previously spoken up about the idea of becoming a father and parenthood in general. He told The Sun in November: ”I'd be nervous about bringing kids into the world these days. “But would I like a miniature me running around saying, 'Daddy I love you' and having a laugh with Christmas and things? Yeah, I think that would be amazing.” James Haskell will appear on BBC’s A Question of Sport this Friday at 7:30PM.