Manchester United have been warned by Darren Bent that their hopes of signing Declan Rice are likely to hinge on West Ham's European exploits - with the former Premier League striker claiming that Rice would potentially stay put if the Hammers can win the Europa League. Rice is one of the most coveted midfielders in Europe after his stunning development over the past 18 months. The 23-year-old has evolved into a key player for both club and country and is reportedly United's primary summer transfer target. However, while United have been persistently linked with a £100million move for the midfielder, Bent has claimed that Rice could still stay with the Londoners. But he did concede that West Ham's hopes of holding onto their star man was likely to depend on them winning the Europa League, with their recent run of domestic form effectively ruling out a top-four finish. JUST IN: Chelsea may sign Barcelona star if Christensen moves to Nou Camp "If they win the Europa, then I don't think he's going anywhere," Bent told talkSPORT. "If they win the Europa, then they're in the Champions League and they've won a trophy, which is massive for the club. "But if they don't finish in the Champions League [places], and they don't win the Europa and then someone comes in with a big bid, then what's holding him back?" United are likely to face fierce competition if they do bid to prise Rice away from West Ham in the summer. Chelsea are another side with a long-held interest in the midfield maestro. Rice even spent time on their books before he was released as a youngster. Hammers chief David Moyes has repeatedly insisted that Rice is not for sale at any price - but it's anticipated that the club will cash in on their talisman in the summer when big money is put on the table. Rice was crowned as London's Player of the Year at the annual London Football Awards to cap a fine year. And he was quick to talk up Moyes; insisting that the West Ham boss has been instrumental in his meteoric rise over the past couple of years. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ "The first spell I was very young and was learning my trade and playing centre-half," Rice said at the awards bash on Thursday night. "Then, it was funny because when he came back for the second spell he came over and said to me 'you’ve got better, haven’t you?!' "I looked at him and started laughing and from that moment on we’ve had such a good relationship. "The confidence he puts into me is massive and means I can go out and perform when a manager believes in me like that."