Samuel L Jackson's Jurassic Park character Ray Arnold has always been presumed dead. After leaving his office to restart the park, he is never seen alive again, though there was a bloody-stained severed arm left from an obvious dinosaur attack. The reason his terrible end was never shown is due to a real storm that hit where they were shooting the Steven Spielberg movie. Speaking to the AV Club, Jackson explained: “I was actually supposed to go to Hawaii to shoot my death scene. But there was a hurricane that destroyed all the sets. So, I didn't get to go.” Nevertheless, the star believes his chain-smoking chief engineer could still be out there. During an interview on the Happy Sad Confused Podcast, Jackson revealed he believes a one-armed Arnold is still on the island, putting Chris Pratt to shame with his raptor-taming abilities. He said: “It’s the same way I think about the dude from Jurassic Park. He’s somewhere riding around on velociraptors with one arm. He’s just on that island riding raptors.” In the upcoming Jurassic World: Dominion, which is set to hit cinemas on July 10, 2022, original Jurassic Park stars Sam Neill, Laurea Dern and Jeff Goldblum are all reprising their roles as Alan Grant, Ellie Sattler and Ian Malcolm. Jackson’s Ray isn’t listed though, so fans shouldn’t expect the legendary icon to come into frame riding a dinosaur in this instalment. However, just because this is the end of the ‘Jurassic Saga’ doesn’t mean he can’t come back in the future.    READ MORE: Obi-Wan trailer: Major Star Wars Rebels and Prequel Trilogy characters  In a recent interview with Slash Film, Jurassic World’s executive producer Frank Marshall revealed that Dominion was just the end of this particular chapter, but there was plenty more to come. Marshall said: “I think that Dominion‘s going to wrap up this trilogy, but we’re not resting on our laurels. We’re going to sit down, and we’re going to see what the future is. We have that wonderful series, Camp Cretaceous, on Netflix. We obviously want to make quality, good movies with great storytelling, great writers and directors, but we’re definitely looking to do more in the Jurassic world.” In the age of cameos, crossovers and callbacks, the return of Jackson’s Ray Arnold is more feasible than some would admit. Yet, in the meantime, the actor is pursuing the resurrection of his iconic purple lightsaber-wielding Jedi in the Star Wars franchise.     During the same interview, Jackson said: “There’s a huge history of people with one hand returning in Star Wars… The only person I’ve ever said that to about coming back was Bryce Dallas Howard, ’cause I just did a movie with her. And she directs episodes of The Mandalorian, so, ‘You think you might be able to hook a brother up? I mean you like me, right?’ She’s like, ‘I love you, you’re amazing!’ So, ‘Put me back in there… Put me in coach, I’m ready!’ You know, I’ll learn to lightsaber left-handed. Come on, hook me up.” DON'T MISS...Elvis release date: Film set for early film festival premiere [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp got Edward Scissorhands after Top Gun star 'questions' [EXPLAINER]Star Wars leak: Daisy Ridley gives shocking news on Rey return [INSIGHT]  If Mace was to return in the future, what it would mean for the prequel trilogy's conclusion in Revenge of the Sith remains to be seen. There is a growing list of force-sensitive characters that were alive during the events of the first trilogy, from Ashoka to Cal Kestis. Although we do know the Jedi was definitely dead by the time of his Force ghost voice cameo in The Rise of Skywalker. But during the immediate period after Revenge of the Sith, Obi-Wan Kenobi sure could have used his help, so if Mace was kicking around in the galaxy while the Empire loomed large, he better have a good excuse for why he wasn’t on the front line with the Rebellion. Jurassic World: Dominion will premiere in cinemas on July 10, 2022    