   EastEnders actress Tamzin Outhwaite was feeling tearful as she responded to Gary Lineker after he praised Liverpool football fans for their “moving” tribute to Ukraine. Before their Premier League clash with West Ham, Liverpool held a minute-long applause for Ukraine.     During the minute-long applause Liverpool held for Ukraine amid the ongoing Russian invasion, fans could be heard singing You'll Never Walk Alone as a gesture of solidarity towards the country. Tamzin Outhwaite, who is probably best known for playing Mel Owen on EastEnders, took to Twitter to praise Liverpool for the tribute. In front of her 255,400 followers, she wrote: “Have been moved to tears today, a few times… “From buskers playing the Ukraine national anthem to the generous and heroic acts I have seen on the news. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     “Trying to ‘Look for the helpers’ otherwise it's too tragic to cope. “Look for the light,” she added, “#StopPutinNOW." The star wrote the post in response to another tweet from Gary Lineker, who also showed his support for the gesture. He penned: “Half way through the minute’s applause for Ukraine, Liverpool fans start singing You’ll Never Walk Alone. Very moving.”     Last Thursday in the early hours of the morning, Russia shocked the world by waging war on Ukraine. Putin sent his troops into the country to seize control and thousands of casualties have been reported so far. Countries have employed various sanctions in order to punish Putin for his decision to invade. Russian sports clubs have also faced penalties, and Saint Petersburg has now been stripped as the host city of the 2022 Champions League final, which will now be played in Paris. READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [NEWS] Charlie Sheen apologised to Shane Warne for Liz Hurley admission [LATEST] Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE]      While Liverpool fans paid tribute to Ukraine, a small section of Chelsea fans appeared to do the opposite today at Turf Moor. During the applause for Ukraine, some Chelsea supporters could be heard chanting the name of Roman Abramovich, the billionaire Russian oligarch who bought Chelsea football club. Given the Russian oligarch’s links to Vladimir Putin, the Blues supporters were slammed for this decision. Gary took to Twitter to share a tweet from Sky Sports News, which showed Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel addressing the situation.      Firmly condemning the distasteful chanting, Thomas said: "It was not the moment to do this." “Absolutely,” Gary wrote in the caption. As Putin continues to wage war in Ukraine with no signs of slowing down, tensions across Europe continue to build.  