Highly-rated Aston Villa academy graduates Cameron Archer and Carney Chukwuemeka are attracting interest from the Bundesliga, Express Sport has learned. The exciting duo, who are both knocking on the first-team door after showcasing their quality as part of the club's impressive youth set-up at Bodymoor Heath, have been watched closely by an array of scouts from Germany. The success of trailblazer Jadon Sancho with Borussia Dortmund has prompted Bundesliga clubs to take further interest in young, British players. Since the Manchester United winger joined BVB from Manchester City in August 2017, a whole host of other names have followed including the likes of Ademola Lookman, Ethan Ampadu, Lewis Baker, Jonjoe Kenny, Reece Oxford, Ryan Sessegnon, Omar Richards and Jude Bellingham. Express Sport understands two Bundesliga clubs are now monitoring the performances of 20-year-old forward Archer, who has thrived on loan at Preston North End in the second half of the season. The ruthless finisher grabbed his first senior goals for Villa when he fired a hat-trick in the 6–0 EFL Cup victory at Barrow in August. READ MORE: Man Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio Rudiger Archer also boasts an impressive record in the Championship following his move to Deepdale in January having netted five times in 12 outings. A whole host of second-tier clubs are already lining up loan bids ahead of the new season but Steven Gerrard is expected to take a closer look at his development in pre-season this summer. Villa appear delighted with Archer's rise to prominence after handing the striker a new contract in December. The early indications are that the club will not entertain [permanent] offers for the player, who they believe has a big future at Villa Park. Elsewhere, Borussia Dortmund are keen on signing Chukwuemeka, who signed his first professional contract with Villa in October 2020. Gerrard is keen to tie him down to a new deal but so far, talks between the club and his entourage have failed to bear fruit. "No, no. As far as I know they haven't progressed," Gerrard recently said on the situation. "We've done everything we can from our side to try and make them progress. I'm not sure where that's up to at the moment." Dortmund believe Chukwuemeka has the quality to replace Bellingham, should the England international depart Signal Iduna Park this summer, as they continue to monitor his uncertain situation. Villa could unwantedly be forced into selling the teenager should he fail to sign a new contract with the club before the start of next season. His current deal is up in 2023, meaning he is set to enter the final year of his contract this summer. Gerrard has made it clear there is a pathway for Villa's youngsters into his squad, providing they're willing to work and commit to his long-term vision.