Real Madrid can scupper the transfer plans of rivals Barcelona by triggering the buyback clause for Tottenham left-back Sergio Reguilon. Barca are reportedly interested in signing Reguilon in the summer transfer window. The Spaniard has not always been a starter under Antonio Conte of late. Conte's 3-4-3 formation has often seen Ryan Sessegnon preferred in the left wing-back position. Reguilon joined Tottenham from Real in the summer of 2020 for a fee of around £25million. The La Liga giants ensured a buyback option was included in the deal. Real were given two chances to bring Reguilon back to the Bernabeu. The first was last summer, which they did not take up, and the second will be at the end of this season. READ MORE: UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after Champions League draw  Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims the buyback option is set at around £33.5m (€40m). Romano says Barca are also interested in signing the 25-year-old, along with a number of other top European clubs. It remains to be seen if Real would take up the option to re-sign Reguilon. However, the opportunity to ruin Barca's plans could be too good for them to turn down. Spanish outlet Sport claims Barca are looking for a long-term replacement for Jordi Alba. Valencia's Jose Gaya was their top target but he looks set to renew his contract at his current club. DON'T MISSChelsea fans will be excited by Frank Lampard claim made about Conor Gallagher [QUOTES]Manchester United already have their own hybrid of 'Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo' [REPORT]Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp's four options to replace injured Trent Alexander-Arnold [COMMENT]  Reguilon has now emerged as a target for the Nou Camp giants. He still has almost three-and-a-half years remaining on his Tottenham contract. Spurs would likely demand a higher fee from Barca than the clause amount that Real could pay. Spurs and Barca did business as recently as last summer, with Emerson Royal moving to north London. Reguilon has two goals and three assists to his name in 22 Premier League appearances this season. He recently recovered from Covid, where he lost his place in the team to Sessegnon.  Head coach Conte warned Reguilon that he would have to work hard to win a spot back in his side. Conte said: “He had Covid, I think he had a bit of a problem to recover from this. “But Sergio knows very well he has to fight to play, because also there is at this moment Sessegnon, that is playing regularly, he is having good performances. “We have four wing-backs, with [Matt] Doherty and Emerson, and also during the game, sometimes if I want to try to push the game I can put in this position also [Dejan] Kulusevski.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here