State pension payments are relied upon by millions of people across the UK. However, they will only rise by 3.1 percent this year, despite Britons facing a cost of living crisis. The state pension increase will take effect for pensioners on Monday, April 11 - but the rise is dwarfed by increases in living costs. It is estimated a retired person dependent on the new state pension could be £893 short of what they need to cover the average rise in the cost of food, energy and fuel alone. Those on the full basic state pension may be £971 short of what they need, according to research from interactive investor. The state pension is split into two tiers, and what a person gets is usually based on their National Insurance record. READ MORE: ‘It’s a real struggle!’ Widow, 70, fears rising cost of energy bills The full new state pension is increasing from £179.60 per week to £185.15 per week. This equates to a rise from £9,339 to £9,628 per year - a £289 increase. However, those on the full basic state pension will see a rise from £137.60 per week to £141.85. This is an increase from the annual payment of £7,155 to £7,376 - or an extra £211. DON'T MISSCapital gains tax: Rishi Sunak may HIKE CGT in shock move [EXCLUSIVE]Warning as pensioner nearly scammed out of £20,000 [WARNING]State pensioners could get boost of up to £358 if they have joint pain [ANALYSIS] But the state pension may not keep up particularly with the rise in energy bills - set to skyrocket this year. The average energy bill increase is expected to hit £693 - but this is more than three times the increase in the basic state pension alone. Indeed, the average food bill is set to rise by £180 this year, and petrol costs increasing to as high as £2.50 per litre. Pensioners therefore have much to reckon with this year when it comes to their finances. Interactive investor estimates essential living costs could rise by as much as £1,182 per year. Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, said: “How are pensioners going to survive? They can’t magic money out of thin air. Millions are dependent on the state pension alone in retirement, at a time when the Government’s commitment to state pension provision as it stands appears to be less reliable. “How are pensioners going to survive? They can’t magic money out of thin air. Millions are dependent on the state pension alone in retirement, at a time when the Government’s commitment to state pension provision as it stands appears to be less reliable. “The Government suspended the triple lock for one year to account for the anomaly in earnings data brought about by the pandemic. “However, the extent of the difficulty faced by pensioners dealing with high inflation since then now means that decision risks throwing millions of pensioners into poverty. Some could be forced to rely on debt. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Extra help as a temporary measure to cover essentials in advance of the full reinstatement of the triple lock later this year could help prevent many suffering in the face of spiralling costs. It is vital that the Government reinstates the triple lock, as promised.” For those who need extra support, claiming Pension Credit has been recommended. The sum is designed to support pensioners who are on a low income to top-up their income. Experts suggest Britons also try to take advantage of all benefits available to them, such as the Warm Home Discount. In addition, pensioners could be entitled to discounts for older people, such as for travel, leisure and shopping. Individuals particularly worried can also gain support from charities such as Citizens Advice, Age UK and StepChange. Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for comment.