 The 51-year-old is back on screens today as she fronts Channel 4's coverage of the iconic dog contest Crufts from Birmingham. Avid pooch lover Clare has become a firm favourite with viewers, and has amassed a colourful portfolio of presenting roles throughout her career, including the Paralympic Games and the Rugby League Challenge Cup. The Hampshire-born star first became a household name as a result of her avid coverage of horse-racing, merging her two passions of sport and animals.     She took on the role of lead horse-racing presenter with the BBC in 1997, following the retirement of then-presenter Julian Wilson. Prior to her emergence as one of Britain's most recognisable and trusted voices, Clare had a breathtaking encounter of her own when she went down to have her morning treats, to find Her Majesty sitting opposite her on the breakfast table. The former amateur flat jockey and Champion Lady Rider has interviewed many of the royals during her career, but she recalled meeting the monarch for the first time in a throwback interview. Speaking on The Jonathan Ross Show five years ago, Clare said: "My dad trained for the Queen, so growing up, she would come and see the horse... about once a year and sometimes he’d forget to tell us that the Queen was coming so you’d have that situation where you came back to the house, the Queen was there for breakfast, that was really odd.    "I thought it was a bit odd because we weren’t having breakfast the way we usually had it, it was all a bit smarter. "I was meant to curtsy but I forgot because I ran in and thought, 'Cooked breakfast, fantastic, sausages!’" While Clare's links to the racing community have been well-documented, her family is also incredibly close to the monarchy and aristocracy. Her maternal grandfather, Peter Hastings-Bass, and her maternal uncle, the 17th Earl of Huntingdon, were also trainers of the Queen's horses. READ MORE: Clare Balding's wife sets the record straight on missing wedding ring   Priscilla Hastings, Clare's maternal grandmother, is also descended from the Earls of Derby. But despite these close ties to the Firm, Clare was once put in her place by the Queen's husband Prince Philip, who passed away last year. Recalling the encounter, and paying tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh, the TV star noted that she was parachuted in to do a last minute interview with the royal in 2010. At the time, Huw Edwards ‒ who normally carries out royal coverage ‒ had to be near 10 Downing Street, as the Conservative Party and Liberal Democrats were thrashing out a deal after a hung Parliament. DON'T MISS:Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold on fears about star's success [INSIGHT]Clare Balding health: Presenter, 51, on struggles with hearing loss [ANALYSIS]Clare Balding's wife Alice Arnold opens up on their relationship [LATEST]     So Clare stepped up and began chatting to the Duke of Edinburgh about Trooping the Colour and the Queen's birthday parade. She told ITV's Lorraine in April: "He was absolutely charming and very straight-forward and very professional, until I said something. "I was talking about the Grenadier Guards, and I was talking about the way they are and the values they hold and I said 'the guardsmen or women' the same way I say 'firemen or women', I always do that, I say 'sportsmen or women'.     "And he looked at me and said, 'There are no women in the Grenadier Guards', which is not correct now but was correct then. "And I just thought, 'Yep, you've been put back in your box, know your place Clare'." Coverage of Crufts continues today on Channel 4.   