Alexander Dreymon plays Uhtred of Bebbanburg in The Last Kingdom. The Netflix star has a huge following and fans are keen to find out more about his relationship status. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about whether Dreymon is married or single. Alexander Dreymon is a German-born actor who also starred in American Horror Story: Coven and Christopher and His Kind. The 39-year-old star, who is also fluent in English and French, said he always wanted to be an actor. He is also experienced in martial arts and horseriding, a skill he picked up while living in South Dakota. Dreymon spent time studying in Paris before training for three years at the Drama Centre London. He has taken on roles in a number of French films, as well as the movies Horizon Line and Heartlock. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon net worth: How much is the Last Kingdom star worth? Dreymon was known to have been in a relationship with Greek actress Tonia Sotiropoulou for two years. Their relationship lasted from 2010 to 2012, but they were never married. The actress is best known for her roles in the James Bond film Skyfall and the 2016 movie Brotherhood. Since his last romance, Dreymon has kept his relationship status a secret. The star is on social media but there is no evidence he is in a relationship or married at this time. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Uhtred's third son? There were reports he was dating Last Kingdom co-star Eliza Butterworth, who plays Lady Aelswith. However, these rumours proved false after Butterworth posted photos of herself with her own boyfriend. He told The Big Issue in 2015 he tended to date French women due to his location. Dreymon had said: "Most of my girlfriends have actually been French because I grew up for quite a while in France."  DON'T MISS...Last Kingdom: Will Haesten pursue a relationship with Eadith? [INTERVIEW]Last Kingdom season 5: Will Sihtric and Finan abandon Uhtred? [THEORY]Last Kingdom: Will Haesten join the Saxons in season 5? [INTERVIEW]  Some fans have questioned whether he was in a relationship with actress Anne Curtis Smith. Dreymon starred alongside Curtis in the indie thriller film Blood Ransom back in 2014. The pair took on the two main roles of Crystal and Jeremiah, who start a dangerous love affair. However, the rumours of their off-screen relationship have never been addressed. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Finan's wife? Fans are still keen to find out whether he is dating anyone at the moment, and they have taken to Twitter to find the answer. One fan said: "Could someone give me the very important information I need and let me know whether Alexander Dreymon is single or not." In an interview with The Sun, Dreymon admitted he did not mind taking part in the love scenes in The Last Kingdom. He said: "As long as there are furs around, I don’t mind the love scenes.”  The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now