Manchester United wouldn’t need to worry about Erik ten Hag repeating the same mistake Ole Gunnar Solskjaer made with Donny van de Beek if they appoint him as manager, according to one football expert. Ten Hag has been tipped to take the helm at Old Trafford this summer when Ralf Rangnick steps aside to start work in a behind-the-scenes consultancy role. United were once the driving force of English football and they competed for Premier League and Champions League honours year after year under legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson. But the Red Devils have failed to get anywhere near their highs of yesteryear since the Scot called time on his illustrious management career in 2013. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho all took on the mantle left by Fergie but were cast aside after failing to find a winning formula. United bosses then turned to former striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to improve the team’s fortunes - and the Norwegian is credited with restoring United’s entertaining, attacking philosophy after two-and-a-half drab years under Mourinho. But Solskjaer, like his predecessors, was somewhat profligate with his signings and persuaded club chiefs to part with a staggering £40million to prise Van de Beek away from Ajax in 2020. Van de Beek had been a key figure during his time in the Netherlands and played a leading role as Ajax reached the semi-finals of the 2018/19 Champions League. And he was billed to have a big future in the Premier League. JUST IN: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub   But the 24-year-old failed to make the grade at Old Trafford and barely played during his second season at the club before Solskjaer was dismissed. And Van de Beek wasn’t fancied by Rangnick either as he was shipped off to Everton on loan just two months after the German had arrived in Manchester. The debacle was somewhat embarrassing for United but, according to Italian football journalist Fabrizio Romano, it wouldn’t be repeated under Ten Hag as the 52-year-old knows what kind of players he needs and 'would never sign someone he wouldn’t use'. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit     Meanwhile, Romano has revealed that Ten Hag has been approached by two other clubs about taking over as manager after meeting United chiefs. There was apparently a positive feeling following the meeting - but the Red Devils’ board are still considering other options. United have suffered another dismal season after being knocked out of the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup in the early rounds and failing to progress past the last 16 of the Champions League. And the Red Devils face a huge battle just to secure a top-four Premier League finish as they trail fourth-placed Arsenal by four points and have played one more game than the Gunners. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 