Charlene, 44, returned to Monaco earlier this month after a four-month absence from royal life due to her health. The Princess, who is married to the principality’s Sovereign Prince Albert II, had been undergoing treatment at a Swiss clinic. The former Olympic swimmer entered the facility in November after suffering “physical and emotional exhaustion”. Charlene’s treatment began just 11 days after she had returned from South Africa, where she had collapsed in public. Albert used an exclusive interview with People magazine to announce that his wife was receiving treatment. The Prince said: “I sat her down with her brothers and a sister-in-law. “She had already made her decision, and we only wanted her to confirm it in front of us. “She wanted this. She already knew the best thing to do was to go and have a rest and have a real medically framed treatment. “And not in Monaco. For privacy reasons, it would have to be someplace outside of Monaco.” Charlene’s May 2021 trip to South Africa, where she was raised, was only supposed to last 10 days. However, her visit turned into a six-month stay after she was hit by a series of medical problems. The Palace confirmed that Charlene had come down with an ear, nose and throat infection while in South Africa. The illness, which was caused by a dental operation to implant a prosthesis, was complicated by her flight. The Princess was grounded in the country and had to undergo a series of corrective surgeries to help her with the infection. DON'T MISS: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke of Sussex warned against digs at Kate [LATEST]Prince William's early admission about royal future: 'Not at top of my priority list' [INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie's heartbreaking fear Beatrice helped young royal overcome [ANALYSIS] Amid her health woes, Charlene was visited by Albert and the couple’s twins, Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques. However, in September the Princess’ condition worsened and she was rushed to hospital in the city of Durban after collapsing. Earlier this month, the Palace confirmed in a statement that royal physicians had determined Charlene’s recovery was “encouraging”. An official statement said the Princess would return to her royal duties “as soon as her health is strong enough”. It added: “The communique restates that the Princess looks forward to once again spending time and socialising with the Monegasques.” Through her absence, Charlene missed major dates in Monaco’s calendar, including the principality’s National Day.