Tottenham manager Antonio Conte could face a tense wait over the international break as star defender Cristian Romero will reportedly join up with the Argentina squad despite being banned for both of their upcoming matches. The centre-back has already endured his fair share of international duty mishaps this campaign, and more could jeopardise Spurs' hopes of finishing in the top four. Conte and co head into the international break having built up solid momentum, crowned by a 3-1 win over West Ham on Sunday. That extends their recent run of impressive form to four wins in five league matches. A Heung-min Son double and another strong showing from Romero leaves the Lilywhites fifth in the league, three points behind Arsenal having played one game more. While things still look good for the Gunners, Spurs are now in the best position to mount a challenge against their local rivals for fourth spot. Tottenham fans therefore have reason to believe, but Conte was hit with some unwanted international news that could make for a tense couple of weeks. JUST IN: Man Utd face more Mino Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern Munich 'bid' jeopardises plans  According to The Athletic, Romero has joined up with the Argentina squad despite being banned for both of their upcoming matches. A long, taxing round trip to South America could therefore be made for nothing, sparking fears over his health and fitness. As it stands, Argentina are attempting to reduce Romero's two-game ban to a single match. That would allow him to feature against Ecuador next week, but an unsuccessful appeal would render the whole ordeal pointless. To rub salt into Tottenham wounds, Argentina have already qualified for the World Cup meaning little, other than pride, is at stake over the coming two matches. Now could be the ideal time for Romero to get rest ahead of a tough Premier League run-in, rather than risk more scrapes while on international duty. Back in November, he came down with an injury while away with the national team that kept him side-lined for three months. The 23-year-old has made a noticeable impact since regaining fitness, reinforcing what a big miss he would be if something happened over the coming weeks.  Romero was also central to the controversy that unfolded in a clash against Brazil in September, which had to be abandoned as health authorities stormed the pitch over customs declaration form issues. The youngster then had to quarantine in Croatia which caused him to miss another two matches. Conte will undoubtedly hope that the international break will be used by as many of his players as possible to catch up on much-needed rest. But chances of Romero fulfilling that wish appear slim, and it could be a nail-biting few days as fans hope that he comes through refreshed and unscathed. 