For the remainder of the weekend, the UK will continue to enjoy clear skies and sunny weather, with temperatures near 20C, but conditions will turn for the worse in the week ahead. Forecasters and maps hold that as the country chills with cooler temperatures, snow is in the cards According to WXCharts, rain returns to the UK with most of the country soaking in 1mm downpours by 3pm on Tuesday. Snow also returns to the UK on Wednesday morning, with Inverness and north Scotland seeing a light shower of 1cm. As the week progresses, pressure systems bring back higher winds and rainfall, with midday on Wednesday seeing a plum of rain and snow strike from the Atlantic. At 6pm, Northern Ireland, the north of England and parts of the west of Wales and England will be drenched in 2mm an hour rainfall, while 2cm of snow strikes the majority of Scotland. Moving into Thursday and all of Britain barring the south east soaks 5mm downpours. In the 24 hours leading to the end of Thursday, a maximum of 36mm of rain will have fallen south of Wick, while much of south England sees between 10mm and 5mm, and Wales and the north west see 13mm. Midnight on Friday sees the worst of the weather push away eastwards, with some lingering over Wales. But due to temperatures dropping to 0C overnight, WXCharts holds around 1cm of snow will fall in central Wales and parts of the north west of England. While the Welsh and northwestern snowfall is expected to clear quickly, 6am on Friday holds Manchester suffers a deluge of 3cm an hour. By midday, warmer temperatures mean the snow south of Scotland will clear, but 1cm is expected to stay on the ground throughout the day. Meanwhile, as of midday on Friday, 39cm of snow lays on the ground east of Inverness. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Ireland ordered to keep ‘covetous nose’ out of UK In the Met Office's long-range forecast for the UK, which spans from March 30 to April 8, it expects showers to become more prominent, and even says some snow showers may hit some northern areas. They said: "Becoming more unsettled to start the period, northern areas will see increasing amounts of cloud with a few showers. “Breezy and feeling cooler than recently in the far north, with the potential for some snow showers at low levels. “Temperatures near average in the south. Becoming less settled and colder thereafter, with a mixture of sunshine and showers for most, in addition to an increased likelihood of wintry hazards, particularly to the north. “Nearer to the end of this period, temperatures are expected to gradually recover to average, though overnight frost remains possible during clearer spells. “Showers or longer spells of rain look to become more frequent, with drier periods most likely to be short-lived." Met Office Chief Meteorologist Paul Gundersen said: “Although the UK has had a good deal of fine and settled March weather in recent days, a change is on the way from the middle of next week with colder air spreading down from the north and the increasing likelihood of rain for most areas. “On the hills in the north, there’s a chance of this falling as snow, although we’ll gain more certainty on that in the coming days. “With the influence of some unsettled weather, we’ll be seeing a marked drop in temperatures for most with colder air arriving from the north. “This will see maximum temperatures drop into single figures for many areas, and below freezing overnight.” Jo Edwards, Sky News weather presenter, added a “high pressure system over Scandinavia” blocked winds and showers typical of this time of year for the UK. She said: “So by Tuesday, we’ll be seeing daytime highs almost 10 degrees less than we’ll see over the weekend. “And as colder air spreads in from the North, it appears we haven’t seen a last gasp attempt at winter. “There’s certainly the potential for some wintry showers in the coming days but, with such a swift and dramatic transition, it’s not easy to pin down the day-to-day details at this range.” Terry Scholey, Netweather.tv forecaster, said “change isn’t far away” as conditions worsen by Monday. He said: “By Sunday, though, we begin to see changes as it turns cloudier, colder, and more unsettled next week.” Nick Finnis, senior Netweather.tv forecaster said: “It looks like high pressure will retreat northwest early next week while pressure falls to the northeast and east, with potential for a cold northerly or northeasterly flow to develop from Tuesday, leading to a cold and unsettled end to the month. “Any cold Arctic incursion could be brief, if lows over the Atlantic make more inroads from the west.”