Kevin Maguire joined Jeremy Vine panel Cristo Foufas and Christina Patterson on Tuesday’s edition of the Channel 5 show. The panel discussed the Queen missing the annual Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey and whether it’s time she abdicates. Daily Mirror associate editor Kevin argued stronger she should step down for the sake of Prince Charles’ future tenure as monarch. Kevin began: “We saw yesterday as we saw with Cop26 in Glasgow [the Queen] can’t fulfil those public duties. “She’s 96, she’s clearly frailer and I think monarchists should think it would be better for the monarchy if she stepped aside and allowed somebody else to come along, her son. “Nobody else would get to keep the job they couldn’t do particularly not a job which comes with £86million in the sovereign grant they would be asked to make way for someone else. “If we don’t resolve this now with her, and remember The Queen Mother lived to 101, Prince Charles is 73 now we’re going to get in the same position when he becomes king because he’ll be so elderly.” Read more: Jeremy Vine hit with Ofcom complaints over 'disgusting' remarks “He’s going to be the pensioner king and they’ll become a time pretty rapidly when he won’t be able to fulfil his duties,” he continued. “If I was to say well a hereditary monarchy you have to keep going on the monarchy didn’t end when Edward VIII abdicated in 1936. “If you look at the other royal families around Europe, Spain, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Belgium, they’ve had monarchs who have all resigned in recent years. “In Japan which claims to have the oldest rolling monarchy in the world, the Emperor of Japan went a few months ago.” Jeremy interjected: “These are brilliant historical examples but they have not swayed Cristo. The panellist said: “I’m afraid you’re initial point is a complete contradiction, Kevin. “Monarchists would never call for the sovereign to abdicate you would not be a monarchist in my opinion if you do that. “And secondly, this lady has worked her backside off for the Commonwealth for the last 70 years and now she has reached nearly 96 because she’s unable to do a perfect job we’re going to say, ‘Thanks so much love you’ve got to step aside.’” DON'T MISSJeremy Vine caller exposes serious risk as UK soldiers go to Ukraine [INSIGHT]Dr Shola rages at Priti Patel over massive visa delay in epic rant [VIDEO]Vine panel erupts as Boris leadership challenged over Ukraine crisis [INTERVIEW] “We have to accept a few years where she might not be doing the most perfect job,” Cristo added. Christina agreed: “The thing about the pandemic is it introduced us all to Zoom and she’s doing masses of stuff online and it will still be an enormous pleasure and privilege for people to converse with and meet the Queen online. “But also to say she doesn’t deserve the money it’s utterly ridiculous. “She has worked every day of her life since she became Queen.” “She ploughs through her red boxes unlike our Prime Minister who leaves them outside his front door without looking at them all weekend as we have read in recent Sunday papers,” she continued. “The Queen ploughs through her papers diligently, she does her job, she doesn’t have to be out in public to do her job. “I think we owe her a bit of gratitude and a bit of space to not be marching down the street when she doesn’t have the fitness to do so.” Jeremy Vine airs on Channel 5 on weekdays at 9.15am.