Erik ten Hag wants Manchester United to give him an answer on taking over as soon as possible, it has been claimed. The Ajax boss is currently competing with the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique when it comes to getting the job at Old Trafford. And though he’s attracted by the idea of managing the Red Devils, an appointment is far from guaranteed. Manchester United previously had Pochettino at the top of their wishlist to replace Ralf Rangnick, who was hired on an interim basis back in December. But plans have changed and it’s now Ajax boss Ten Hag who is in pole position to take over, having recently held talks with Red Devils chiefs John Murtough and Darren Fletcher about a move to the Premier League. United aren’t the only club eyeing Ten Hag at the current moment in time, however, with two European rivals also monitoring developments. Borussia Dortmund have been mooted as one of them, while Real Madrid have also been linked as Carlo Ancelotti’s long-term future hangs in the balance. And Fabrizio Romano, speaking on The United Stand, has claimed Ten Hag wants an answer from the Red Devils as ‘soon as possible’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United are facing a big summer ahead. And Ten Hag, knowing the size of the task he’d have on his hands, is in a hurry to find out what their intentions are as they eye a brighter future. The Dutchman will have to contend with the departures of several big names this summer, meaning the Glazers will need to cough up the cash in order to replace them. Paul Pogba’s time at Old Trafford looks to be over, especially given how critical the France international recently was about his last six years in England. The contracts of Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard are due to expire, with the Red Devils unwilling to talk about possible extensions for the pair. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Eric Bailly is likely to push for a move away from United, having barely played under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick this term. And Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Donny van de Beek aren’t guaranteed to stay with the team, either. Reports have suggested United will look to sign Antony if Ten Hag takes charge. But he’s not the only player being linked with a move to the Theatre of Dreams, with Harry Kane also a target. The England international initially struggled for form this season after failing to engineer a move away from Tottenham to Manchester City. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But with Kane now back on song, United are interested in securing his signature at the end of the campaign. Manuel Akanji is another who may move. The Borussia Dortmund star has rebuffed efforts to tie him down to a new contract over at the Westfalenstadion. So it’s feasible United will try and snap him up, especially with Bailly likely to leave and Harry Maguire failing to live up to expectations. Meanwhile, speaking recently, Jaap Stam praised the work Ten Hag has done over in the Netherlands. However, he also warned his fellow Dutchman the job at Old Trafford won’t be straightforward. “Ten Hag is doing very well at Ajax; he makes the team a difficult opponent for everyone in Europe and Holland,” he said. “He is very good at showing the players what to do and also at improving individual players. “At Ajax, he obviously has the finances to grow the team with young players. “For him, Man United would be another thing compared to what he is experiencing in Holland. He has to take this step forward in his career.”