Police were called to a Tennis Europe meeting over the weekend after an altercation involving the organisation's chief executive and the Ukrainian Tennis Federation secretary. Evgeniy Zukin from the UTF admitted he "slapped" Thomas Hammerl in the face after he was left unhappy with Tennis Europe's response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Tensions over Russia's invasion of Ukraine boiled over at a Tennis Europe board meeting held at Turkey's Club Mega Saray in Antalya over the weekend. The secretary of the Ukrainian Tennis Federation told The Telegraph he had "slapped" Tennis Europe's CEO in the face, in an incident that resulted in the police being called. Evgeniy Zukin was left furious after Tennis Europe gave a “disgracefully weak” statement on the ongoing conflict in a Zoom meeting of board members on Saturday afternoon. Tennis Europe suspended all junior events in Russia, Belarus and Ukraine, and in the statement called on “the international tennis community to show solidarity to players from the nations concerned, none of whom should be punished or blamed for the actions taken by the regimes in their home countries”. JUST IN: Medvedev's reply to Djokovic after Serb congratulates new No 1  Zukin was left feeling failed as the statement failed to condemn Russia's actions towards Ukraine and admitted he slapped Hammerl in the face later that day when he noticed the 48-year-old Tennis Europe chief sat a few tables away from him at the Club Mega Saray. "I read the statement, finished my dinner, stood up, turned around, saw him [Hammerl] sitting five tables near me, and asked him 'How come you could do this?' He said 'Go away'. I gave him a light slap and walked away," he told Telegraph Sport. Zukin was taken to a local police station in Antalya after officers were called to the altercation. He gave a statement and apologised to Hammerl, accepted by the Tennis Europe chief executive after Zukin acknowledged he overreacted. DON'T MISSAndy Murray tipped for Wimbledon success after French Open snubRaducanu faces race against time to prove fitness before Indian WellsATP rankings IN FULL: Djokovic DROPS from world No 1  The International Tennis Federation is now investigating after witnesses provided descriptions of the incident, with potential disciplinary action for the UTF secretary. “I am not going to comment on that. It’s under investigation. We will discuss internally regarding the next step,” Hammerl said of the incident. One day after the spat, UTF president Sergy Lagar sent a letter to Tennis Europe and the ITF, calling for the Russian and Belarusian tennis federations to be banned from team and individual events. "Russia and Belarus do not have the right not only to hold international competitions on their territory, but also to participate in all ITF team and individual tournaments abroad," it read.   Zukin has been in Turkey to organise an upcoming Davis Cup tie between Ukraine and Barbados, which has been moved to neutral territory in the wake of the conflict. The 38-year-old took his wife and two children with him but his parents and 92-year-old grandmother remain in Kyiv. Sharing his concern for his family, Zukin said: "They are in shelters, under constant bombing, and I cannot help them. That is my biggest concern. My grandmother is saying that she saw it already, the same thing, in 1941." He explained why Tennis Europe's statement hit home and was ready to shoulder any punishment for his outburst, adding: "And so the statement in which Tennis Europe puts Russia and Belarus in one line, and talks about suspending tournaments, is an absolute disgrace. If someone wants to put a disciplinary charge against me, I am fine. I don’t care." 