Golf legend Tiger Woods will ‘exhaust every effort’ to play in next week’s Masters tournament. Woods was included on the tournament’s provisional list last week, and with the event just around the corner an announcement is imminent. The 15-time major winner has not played competitive golf for 16 months, after suffering severe injuries in a high speed car crash in Los Angeles last February. Following the accident, Woods was forced to go through extensive rehabilitation, after suffering open fractures to his lower right leg and further injuries to his foot and ankle. In recent months, the American has admitted that his return to the PGA Tour would now only ever be a part-time one due to the effects of his injuries, but did reassure fans he would be back at some point in the near future. He told CBS earlier this year: “You'll see me on the PGA Tour [in 2022]. I just don't know when." Woods’ name was included on next week’s Masters Tournament provisional attendees list, and since then rumours of his comeback at Augusta National have continued to grow. Hopes were given a real boost on Monday, after the six-time green jacket winner was spotted playing - and crucially walking around - his home course in Florida alongside caddie Joe LaCava. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods' world ranking record shattered by Scottie Scheffler after WGC Match Play win Whilst it still remains unsure as to whether Woods will play in the opening major of the tournament, he did confirm he would be in attendance at Augusta on tournament week. When asked last month if he was planning to play in the Masters he replied: “I don’t know.” Woods added: “I'll be there Tuesday and it will be a great dinner - I don't know what kind of sushi we are going to have!" READ MORERichard Bland fires warning to Dustin Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of maiden MastersTiger Woods' comments on returning to action with star named on Masters provisional listSaudi Golf League door still open for Phil Mickelson after PGA Tour legacy left in tatters Woods has appeared out on the golf course in front of the TV cameras since his extensive injuries, after performing alongside son Charlie Woods at the Father-son competition at the PNC Championship. Unsurprisingly, the Woods pairing stole the show, and managed a second place finish behind John Daly and his son John Jr. But a return to the PGA Tour and Augusta poses a different challenge altogether for the 15-time major champion, who will be required to compete at the highest level across four days, and of course walk the mammoth Augusta course. The opening major of the campaign will kick off next Thursday, April 7. 