It comes after research found almost half of Brits (43 percent) feel lucky in life - despite never having a lucky charm. A poll of 2,000 adults revealed the top 20 signs you are fortunate - including having good health, never having any major worries in life, and being close with friends and family. Signs you are on a lucky streak also include finding cash on the floor, stumbling into your dream job, and always getting free stuff for no reason. Peter Welch, from Bookmakers.co.uk, which commissioned the survey and puzzle ahead of the Cheltenham Festival, said: “Some members of the public might be viewed as luckier than others. “It's pleasing to see that so many people consider themselves as fortunate, especially after such a topsy-turvy couple of years. “Many will have lucky charms which they believe continue to bring them luck in life, but it’s interesting to see that a significant number consider themselves lucky without relying on a charmed item to do the trick. “Karma can be a hotly debated topic, and to receive people’s thoughts on the philosophical concept’s relationship with fortune, was fascinating. “Do you have to practice good and ethical acts to get the rub of the green, or is it really just the luck of the draw? I guess that’ll always be up for debate!” The study also found 45 percent of adults believe in luck - whether it is good or bad. And 38 percent have a lucky charm, with 69 percent of those believing it has brought them good fortune. While 61 percent feel they would have worse luck if they didn’t have their lucky charm. Having a lucky number, finding a four-leaf clover and keeping a lucky penny were the top ways to encourage good luck. Keeping a horseshoe, avoiding cracks in the pavement, and blowing on dice or coins before rolling or flipping, also made the list. But 90 percent think some people are simply luckier than others, with over half (52 percent) believing people’s luck does eventually run out. When it comes to bad luck, breaking a mirror, walking under a ladder and opening an umbrella indoors, were deemed the worst things to do. It also emerged 40 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, feel lucky when it comes to their family, while 32 percent feel lucky in their relationship, and 29 percent feel fortunate with their health. Peter Welch, from Bookmakers.co.uk, added: “The Cheltenham Festival is the biggest horse racing event of the year, and there will be millions of people around the world hoping that their luck will be in as they cheer their horses up the hill. “Hopefully, this tricky brainteaser will bring about fun - but most importantly luck - ahead of the greatest show on turf. “Superstitious or not, this puzzle is a fun one for everyone to try, whether you plan to attend Cheltenham races or simply watch it from the comfort of your own home. “We’ve all had a difficult few years, so hopefully, with a bit of luck now, we will soon see the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.” TOP SIGNS OF BEING FORTUNATE IN LIFE: