Arsenal have received a boost in their pursuit of Benfica striker Darwin Nunez following reports the Portuguese giants have slashed his asking price in half. The Gunners are in the market for a new striker this summer and the Uruguayan appears to be an increasingly viable option. Mikel Arteta's side are considering a number of options in attack as they look to freshen up their strike force at the end of the season. The Gunners were understood to be looking for a new forward in the January transfer window, even before Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's departure, however, no move materialised. Dusan Vlahovic was deemed the primary transfer target, but the former Fiorentina frontman snubbed the Gunners in favour of Juventus. Arsenal will resume their striker search this summer and Nunez appears to be one of their favoured options, with background talks having already taken place with the player's agent. The North Londoners are one of several Premier League teams reportedly showing interest, with Tottenham, West Ham and Newcastle also heavily linked. The widespread admiration comes as little surprise given the striker has netted 26 goals in 32 appearances across all competitions this season. READ MORE: Erling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs Given his exploits, it is thought it will take a substantial fee to prise Nunez away from Lisbon, but it appears his price is not as high as many suitors first feared. According to O Jogo, via AS, Nunez's release clause was in the region of £127million, however, Benfica have since slashed the fee to around £67m. The Portuguese outlet go on to add that Nunez will change agents in the summer as a high-profile move appears imminent. It is believed the striker has already been in contact with Jorge Mendes as he seeks to secure new representation. DON'T MISSNewcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level [TRANSFERS]Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland transfer[QUOTES]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT] Eyebrows were raised in Portugal when Benfica shelled out a club-record fee in the region of £20m for the Uruguayan from Spanish second division side Almeria back in the summer of 2020. However, it's fair to say Nunez has proven his doubts wrong. The forward netted 14 goals in his debut season in the Portuguese capital and has proven himself to be even more clinical this campaign. Arsenal could well hold the advantage of offering Nunez Champions League football next season as they reside in the Premier League's all-important fourth spot heading into the final run of fixtures.