F1 commentator Martin Brundle has urged 'patience' from fans expecting a repeat of the 2021 season this year. The 2022 campaign starts a new era of F1 under updated regulations, which should encourage more competitive racing throughout the pack. After an era of domination by Mercedes - barring Max Verstappen's triumph in December - F1 has essentially reset the pecking order with new rules and technical requirements. All 10 teams on the grid have developed their 2022 cars from scratch in line with changes affecting the widespread aerodynamic focus. In 2021, F1 believes cars lost 35 per cent of their downforce within three car lengths and almost 50 per cent in a single-car length due to 'dirty air'. Those figures are set to drop to just four and 18 per cent respectively this season, encouraging overtaking and more exciting racing. JUST IN: Red Bull errors in 2021 tipped to give Hamilton the edge in Bahrain And whilst Brundle states the 'early signs are good', he has warned that fans may need to show 'patience' initially as the season gets underway. He told Sky Sports: "These regulations are designed to close the pack up and allow the cars to follow each other a little bit better. "Hopefully, some more organic overtaking rather than just with the rear window, the DRS, as we call it. "But initially, a massive change of regulations like this tends to scatter the pack a little bit with the haves and the have nots, and then they start moving back together, you know. READ MORE: F1 drops Drive to Survive trailer as Hamilton declares 'it's warfare' "The laws of diminishing returns, but your car's working really well, and the other teams are being able to copy and catch up and innovate and what have you. "So, after much studying of 2021, we might have to be a little bit patient, but the early signs are good. "We've got some brilliant drivers on the grid, experienced and champions and a lot of fresh blood coming in, a lot of new talent as well trying to steal the crown." Mercedes and Red Bull's poster boys, Lewis Hamilton and Verstappen, will enter the 2022 season as favourites for the world title. But Ferrari are considered contenders after planning for this reset over the last few years, with many tipping Charles Leclerc for the crown. Aston Martin and McLaren could also be ones to watch in what is one of the most unpredictable years of F1 in recent history.