Many stories are emerging of Russian troops turning against Putin and fleeing the war. However, one soldier appears to have gone a step further and ran over his own brigade commander, Col. Yuri Medvedev. According to Ukrainian journalist R. Tsimbaliuk, a Russian tank driver attacked his own commander in retaliation after half of his fellow servicemen of the 37th Russian infantry brigade were killed in battle.  The commander is reported to have survived, but with his legs broken. Quoting the journalist as a source, former Ukrainian journalist and army veteran Victor Kovalenko said on Twitter: “In retaliation for death of 50 percent out of 1,500 servicemen of his 37th Russian infantry brigade at Makariv near Kyiv, a Russian tankist with his tank ran over his brigade commander Col. Yuri Medvedev. “He survived but his legs were broken.” An unverified video posted by a Twitter user appears to show Medvedev receiving medical attention following the incident. This comes after reports emerged suggesting Putin was using Stalin-style “execution squads” to deter deserters.  Ukrainian security services report Russian prisoners have told them forces are being followed by squads dedicated to killing anyone who tries to flee. The revival of Stalinist war strategy breaks the Geneva Convention, human rights groups argue. This may be due to the large number of Russians reportedly giving up entirely on the fight. In one instance, Ukrainians sent out texts to Russians telling them how to surrender - and one tank commander replied saying he would like to do just that. After securing a location, the Russian officer drove up in his tank, and after a drone flew overhead to guard against an ambush, he was taken away by Ukrainian special forces.  READ MORE: Russian solider describes unit being 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troo... [INSIGHT] Adviser to the minister of internal affairs Victor Andrusiv said the commander “didn’t see the point of war.” He added: “He could not return home because his commander told him he would shoot him dead and say he died in battle. “Misha told us that he had barely any food left, the command structure was chaotic and almost absent, morale is very low.” The Ukrainian minister for internal affairs has also emphasised the widespread impact of Russian desertions.  DON'T MISS: Doomsday plane flies over English Channel [REVEAL]Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [ANALYSIS]Entire London suburb faces being cancelled over 'colonialist' roots [INSIGHT] He said: “We are seeing cases of surrender when Russian troops voluntarily contact our military and declare that they want to surrender, that they do not take part in active hostilities.” He added they were defecting with military equipment, including tanks, after realising they were being used as ‘cannon fodder’ by their commanders. The Centre for Defence Strategies, a leading Ukrainian think-tank, said: “Russian forces are aware of the hopelessness of their situation and increasingly choosing desertion to avoid death.” On Monday, Ukraine’s armed forces claimed 300 Russian soldiers had refused to continue to fight, and left an area of intense fighting in the Sumy region. 