Dimitar Berbatov has named four players Manchester United can target to kick-start a new era at the club this summer. The former United striker believes they should look to bolster their spine, with one potential target Chelsea defender Antonio Rudiger. The Red Devils are expected to back whoever becomes their new permanent manager financially ahead of the 2022/23 season. With uncertain futures throughout the squad and blatant upgrades required, activity is expected throughout the transfer period. And Berbatov has pinpointed two strikers and one midfielder for whom he would like to see United make audacious moves for. The Betfair Ambassador wants his former side to identify Erling Haaland, Kylian Mbappe and Marco Verratti as targets. JUST IN: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel breaks silence on Roman Abramovich saga He said: "I will say, for a striker, and this is pretty much impossible to happen, but if I were a manager in an alternative world, I would try to sign Haaland or Mbappe. "One of those two players for the striker position, you know, because I like to watch them. In the midfield, I would probably go for Verratti as well. "I like Marco Verratti. I just think he's unbelievable on the ball with everything he's doing." The first two positions were somewhat fantasy signings, but the former United star has urged the club to recruit a new central defender, specifically Rudiger. READ MORE: Arsenal flop Torreira can end Gunners nightmare with Fiorentina move He continued: "And at centre-back, obviously, I have a bit of difficulty here, but they do need to send a centre-back, United. "They have five players for that position, and still things are not going quite well. [I will say] Rudiger because I'm concentrated on him. "But he, based on his performances, is a good fit, honestly. He's aggressive. He's good on the ball, so he can be a good choice." But Berbatov also suggested Rudiger might prefer to move to a club with a good chance of success, raising United's trophy drought as a potential problem. "In the case of Rudiger or any player who is good enough to play in big football [games], I can see, in the case of Rudiger, him going where he can win something," Berbatov explained. "I cannot imagine him going places where he cannot win anything. And I'm saying this because United haven't won the Premier League for what? Eight, nine years already? "So if he goes someplace else, he's going to be looking for a team that is going to win titles, cups, medals; in the case of United, that's hard to do now." For more from Betfair Ambassador, Dimitar Berbatov and to get the latest football tips, head to https://betting.betfair.com/football/football-tips/ Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.