The speech marks another attempt by Russia's premier to legitimise his armed incursion, which entered its second week today. Ukrainians, led by President Volodymyr Zelensky, have successfully held off a tidal wave of invaders who are now zeroing in on Kyiv. Mr Putin has previously attempted to douse the local morale via national addresses containing ominous messaging. Arguably the most frightening speech delivered by Mr Putin in recent years came on Saturday. As the invasion entered its first weekend, he claimed that "aggressive" statements permitted by some western nations forced him to put his deterrent on "special alert". The deterrent in question will have included some of Russia's nuclear warheads, triggering new fears of an impending World War Three. READ MORE: Cruel warlord who led anti-gay purges killed by Ukrainians Mr Putin's latest speech was aired on February 28 and saw him address sanctions made by western nations. While not quite as chilling as some of his previous addresses, it did see him brand opposing nations an "empire of lies". He likely intended to frame the west as increasingly aggressive to local Russians now feeling the financial burn. The speech that preceded the invasion on February 24 saw Mr Putin claim that he was launching a military operation that would seek to "demilitarise and denazify Ukraine". He brought up his country's capabilities when speaking about potential repercussions while threatening "potential aggressors". Mr Putin said they would face "defeat and ominous consequences" if they attacked Russia. Just two days before his speech announcing the "special military operation", President Putin attempted to rewrite the history of Russia. He claimed that modern Ukraine was "entirely created by Russia" and it never had “stable traditions of real statehood”. At the same time, he recognised the separatist Donbas and Luhansk regions of Ukraine as independent, providing him with the pretext to enter the country. At his inaugural address in 2000, Mr Putin addressed the nation that had just voted him in. Although his words were not ominous or openly threatening, they provide a window into the mindset that led to the recent conflict in Ukraine. The newly minted President said: "We believe in our strength, in our ability to really transform and transfigure the country."