The KIA EV6 was yesterday named Car of the Year in Geneva as a panel of European journalists awarded the prize to the South Korean manufacturer for the first time. The line-up of finalists was dominated by electric vehicles (EVs) with Renault’s Megane E-tech coming second and Hyundai’s Ioniq 5 in third place. There were more than 60 models launched by manufacturers in 2021, which the panel of jurors from 23 countries narrowed down to seven; six of which were electric. In light of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the votes from Russian automotive journalists were not counted. However the organisers of the competition said that those missing votes would not have affected the outcome or Kia’s win. The other finalists were Peugeot’s 308, Ford’s Mustang Mach-E and the Cupra Born. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers The EV6 is a large, sporty looking crossover that will do up to a claimed 328 miles of range from a fully charged battery. In its most powerful version it will do 0-60 in a staggering 3.5 seconds and will charge from 10-80 percent in just 18 minutes with a fast charger. The GT all-wheel drive model has 577bhp, a top speed of 161 mph and 540 litres of storage. It isn’t cheap however, with prices starting at £41,000 and heading up to £52,000 for the range-topper. DON'T MISSNew car tax changes set to be announced in weeks [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [WARNING]New car tax will see all petrol and diesel vehicles charged in days [ANALYSIS] Sales of EVs have rocketed more than 75 percent in the UK over the past year as drivers begin to make the switch ahead of the Government ban on petrol and diesel sales in 2030. However there are concerns over the charging infrastructure in the country. There is currently one EV charger to every 22 electric cars in Britain, with many people living in houses that aren’t practical for installing one. But some retailers are swapping petrol stations for dedicated charging stations. Jurors on the Car of the Year panel said of the EV6: “The EV6 stands out by combining energy efficiency, a large capacity battery and ultra-fast charging. “Inside the roomy and well-finished passenger compartment, technological innovation is applied to increase the quality of life onboard. And once at the wheel, the EV6 offers a smooth and pleasant drive." “Excellent EV because of its fast charging and good range for the price. "In comparison with the Hyundai the EV6 offers less body roll, more playful handling and tighter steering. A bit sportier overall”. Jason Jeong, President of Kia Europe said. “The EV6 is truly a landmark development that’s been designed from the outset to make electric mobility fun, convenient and accessible by combining a highly impressive real-world driving range, ultra-fast charging capabilities, a spacious high-tech interior and a truly rewarding driving experience. “The EV6 is an exciting sign of what’s still to come in our evolving electrified line-up. “It’s a great honour to have won the 2022 European Car of the Year with the EV6, the first ever Kia to win this prestigious award.”