Holly Willoughby, 41, has made a candid confession about her previous relationships. She admitted during a chat with Alison Hammond on her Wylde Moon podcast that she’d even once dated a cowboy. During the tell-all chat with her ITV colleague, the presenter also admitted she rarely speaks to her exes. The star, known for fronting This Morning, shared this in the podcast released last week. Explaining how she found romance with a cowboy, she admitted he was “gorgeous”. Holly said: "I’d met him on a plane when he was wearing normal clothes and looked gorgeous. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him  "When we met later at a restaurant he was wearing all the gear. “I thought about turning round and doing a runner, but I have good manners. “I couldn’t go out with a cowboy because I don’t own any cowgirl outfits.” Holly then quipped: “At least he didn’t have the horse tied up outside." As well as this, the star opened up about her other romances as well. She admitted to Alison that they haven’t been in contact since she split up with them. Holly added: “I don’t think I’ve spoken to a single one of my exes, ever. "I needed to leave more of a lasting impression, clearly I didn’t!" DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [INSIGHT]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES]'Are you kidding me?' Salma Hayek calls out Michael Keaton at SAGs [VIDEO]  However, it’s not clear which of her ex-boyfriends Holly was talking about. This is because the star has kept her romantic life out of the spotlight. The Dancing on Ice host has been married to Dan Baldwin since 2007. The pair met on the set of Ministry of Mayhem back in 2004, which Dan was producing. Speaking about meeting him on Loose Women back in January, Holly said: "We met on Saturday mornings and we became really, ridiculously close friends. “It was like this intensity of friendship for about ten, 15 weeks or something and then I remember cheersing him with a glass and looking at him and I was like, 'Oh my God, I fancy him. I fancy my friend.' “It took me so by surprise and I thought, 'Oh god, what's just happened.'" She then added: "In hindsight looking back, I think I was actually falling in love with him. “I think that's what that intensity was but I didn't necessarily recognise it." Holly and Dan have three children together, two sons and a daughter.