Bruno Fernandes had a furious reaction to Ralf Rangnick’s decision to substitute him off as Manchester United crashed out of the Champions League. The Portuguese midfielder started the second leg of the Red Devils’ last 16 tie against Atletico Madrid, which the reigning La Liga champions won to go through to the quarter-finals. Fernandes has struggled badly this season, in what has been a dreadful campaign for the Premier League giants. The latest low point came at Old Trafford on Tuesday, when United failed to break down a stubborn Atletico defence. One man to pay the price for those struggles was Fernandes, who was hauled off by Rangnick with 23 minutes remaining. Paul Pogba was brought on in the Portuguese international’s place but he also failed to have an impact. Fernandes was left visibly furious by Rangnick’s decision, storming off the pitch as he saw his number come up on the fourth official’s board. That change was in vain though, with none of Rangnick’s five substitutions able to prevent United from crashing out of the competition. READ MORE: Ralf Rangnick calls refereeing decisions 'a joke' after Man Utd loss Despite seeing his side get dumped out in what is a fatal blow to their season, Rangnick insisted his side had played well. Instead, he pointed to the decision making by referee Slavko Vincic as the reason for their exit. "I think we played a very good first half - exactly the way we wanted to play with a high energy level but we couldn't convert that into one or two goals. We had a few good moments where we should have scored but we didn't. Conceding that counter-attacking goal just before half-time didn't make life any easier. DON'T MISS: Man Utd have a £52m gem and other things learned from Atletico defeat (ANALYSIS)Man Utd player ratings as Harry Maguire's error hands Atletico victory (INSIGHT)Erik ten Hag's potential giveaway amid Man Utd next manager rumours (NEWS) “It was hard in the second half and always interrupted. There was always somebody lying on the floor. I would also say some curious refereeing decisions. I wouldn't say they were decisive but at least he fell too often for those time-wasting antics and four minutes at the end added on was a joke for me. “Anyway, a very good first half and the second half was difficult to find the rhythm again. We know they are good at defending leads. We had one or two moments in the second half and there was a brilliant save from the goalkeeper. We were fully aware that against this team you need to score the first goal yourself.”