Max Verstappen has taken aim at the ‘unfair’ dismissal of Michael Masi as race director while also insisting he deserved to beat Lewis Hamilton to the F1 title back in December. The 24-year-old is currently preparing for the start of the new Formula One season. And he’ll be hopeful of securing glory once again. Verstappen won the F1 title in controversial circumstances at the end of last year. Hamilton had been in pole position for the majority of the deciding race in Abu Dhabi before a safety car allowed his Red Bull rival to reign supreme instead. There was then a bitter fallout from the incident, with Mercedes calling on the FIA to axe Masi and make a change. They were ultimately granted their wish, with the Australian axed as race director and replaced by Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich. Mercedes were unhappy with Masi’s decision-making on the day and the FIA have taken action to ensure there’s no repeat of the chaos that unfolded in the Middle East. Verstappen, however, believes the FIA’s call was ‘unfair’ while also insisting the FIA ‘put him in the ground’. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Speaking to the Daily Mail, he stated: “What happened to Michael is very unfair. “The FIA were pressurised (by Mercedes) into making a decision. I wrote a message to him about it. “I said we didn’t always agree on everything but that’s racing. “We always wanted to make the sport better as a whole. Nobody is perfect, but what was always brought up was that we needed to race. We needed that mindset and he had that. “For Michael to jump in after Charlie (Whiting, the long-term race director who died suddenly on the eve of the 2019 Australian Grand Prix) was a difficult task. “Everyone needs help. I have the whole team around me. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Maybe Michael needed more people around him but he never got the opportunity. They really put him in the ground. “He appreciated my message. He got a few more. “It was very fresh for him. I have had my moments with the stewards but at the end of the day you have to have respect for each other. “You don’t always have to agree. The aim is to make the racing better, more exciting but also fair.” Some believe Hamilton was robbed of the F1 title last term due to Masi’s decision-making. Yet Verstappen doesn’t agree and has bluntly insisted he deserved the title. “A championship is won over the season, right? Not because of the last lap,” he said. “Some people just look at that race because of the tension building up around it and think the outcome was wrong. “But if you look at the year, the title would normally have been decided way earlier. “It is just that I was taken out twice and had some bad luck with tyre blowouts. “It came down to the last race because of all that misfortune. “And look at the stats. That usually gives you a picture of how the season went.” On whether he feels sympathy towards Hamilton, he added: “I can understand with how Abu Dhabi played out that he was upset and not happy with it. “But, as I say, you have to look at the championship in general. “It was a crazy and epic season. I don’t care if people try to take the shine off it. It doesn’t matter. “The losing side always will complain, but the winning side think about it differently.”