It was her first in-person engagement since she caught Covid and after they greeted one another warmly, he confirmed she is as sharp and wise as ever. Palace officials declined to comment on the prominent yellow and blue bouquet in the oak room at Windsor Castle. But the gesture will be seen as a symbol of the Queen's support for the people of the war-torn nation. Mr Trudeau, 50, met her several times as a child through his father PierreTrudeau, who also led Canada. And he revealed he picked her brains about the crisis in the East. He said: "I was able to talk about the situations we are facing and draw on her long experience from having seen so much over the decades." Asked if the Queen was fighting fit, he replied: "I have had the privilege of knowing Her Majesty for about 45 years now. "And I can tell you that in my meeting with her this morning she was as insightful and perspicacious as ever. We had a really useful conversation about global events, as we always do." Last week the Queen, 95, gave a "generous" donation to 15 British charities via the Disasters Emergency Committee Ukraine appeal to provide humanitarian relief to civilians in Ukraine.   Her Majesty, who is also Queen of Canada, was yesterday pictured standing with no sign of the walking stick she has been using lately. Mr Trudeau was also seen laughing as she gestured towards herself during the meeting. He was in the UK for talks yesterday on the war in Ukraine with Boris Johnson and their Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte. The Queen has a strong bond with Canada which has been her most frequent overseas destination. She has visited more than 20 times, including a trip as a princess, but years ago she called time on her official overseas trips. The monarch tested positive for Covid on February 20 and has spent the last two weeks carrying out only light duties, including a handful of virtual audiences. She has two high-profile events at Westminster Abbey looming - the Commonwealth Service on Monday and the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service on March 29. The Queen last year spent more than three months resting on doctors' orders. 