Spain is one of the UK’s top tourist destinations. But where is the country’s sunniest city? Search engine Holidu used a weather tracking website, World Weather Online, to work out the average number of hours of sun in cities across Europe. One Spanish city took the top spot in Europe and could be the perfect destination for Britons looking to catch some rays. Alicante was named the sunniest city in Europe with an incredible 359 hours of sun per month. The city in Spain’s Costa Blanca is extremely popular with British expats and tourists for its beaches. READ MORE: Canary Islands lift more restrictions for Britons British tourists can enjoy meals and drinks at the marina in Alicante which even has a casino. Alicante has a huge range of beautiful beaches. Playa San Juan is about eight kilometres from the city’s Old Town. The stunning white sandy beach has crystal clear sea waters which are perfect for swimming and a lovely promenade. Playa del Postiguet and Playa de la Almadraba also offer many amenities for tourists looking to enjoy sun, sand and sea. After a long day at the beach, British tourists can enjoy some of Alicante’s famous nightlife which caters for all tastes. Several Spanish destinations made the top 10 sunniest hotspots in Europe, including Murcia which offers 346 hours of sun per month. The Spanish city is a great choice for British holidaymakers and is very close to world class golf courses. Valencia has an incredible 343 hours of sun per month and families can enjoy the city’s huge aquarium. In the Canary Islands, Las Palmas, the capital of Gran Canaria was the sunniest city with 341 hours of sun per month. The Canaries are the perfect choice for winter sun as the islands enjoy warm temperatures year round. Granada and Seville also made the top 10 sunniest cities in Europe with 341 and 340 hours of sun per month. Both cities are perfect destinations for foodies who also want to get a tan on their summer holiday. British tourists will need to be vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have recently recovered from Covid. They will also need a booster jab if their second vaccination was more than 270 days ago. Vaccinated British tourists will need to fill out a passenger locator form after arriving back in the UK.