Novak Djokovic has spoken out after splitting from legendary coach Marian Vadja. The pair have worked together for 15 years and were together during all of Djokovic’s 20 Grand Slam titles. Djokovic has faced several issues since making his return to competitive return to tennis due to his stance on the Covid vaccines. The Serbian has opted not to take any of the vaccines, which caused major compilations when trying to compete in the Australian Open most recently. Although there does not appear to be an outright reason why Djokovic and Vajda have split, the latter has taken a step back from attending matches and tournaments over the past three years since Goran Ivanisevic joined the team. Vajda’s departure is a significant change for the former world no.1, but he has opted to keep the rest of his backroom team the same and avoided a mass reshuffle. Speaking about the split, Djokovic said: “Marian has been by my side during the most important and memorable moments in my career. “Together we have achieved some incredible things and I am very grateful for his friendship and dedication over the last 15 years. “While he might be leaving the professional team, he will always be family and I can’t thank him enough for all he has done.” The heartfelt statement indicates that there is no bad blood between the pair, publicly anyway, and that is obvious from Vajda’s statement as well. The 56-year-old said: “During my time with Novak, I have been lucky to watch him transform into the player that he is today. “I will look back on our time together with immense pride and am so very thankful for the success we have achieved. “I remain his biggest support on and off the court and look forward to new challenges.” The Slovakian has only previously split from Djokovic once, in 2017, but that was only for a short while and they reunited the very next year. Djokovic has only taken part in one tournament so far this season, largely due to his vaccine status, and lost his world no 1 status to Russian player Daniil Medvedev on Monday. Unless Djokovic remains unvaccinated against coronavirus then it is likely that he will continue to feature scarcely unless rules in certain countries are relaxed. For now, the 34-year-old is unlikely to play in most European clay tournaments as well as the ATP Tour events in Indian Wells and Miami. It remains to be seen how Djokovic fares without Vajda and whether the absence of the Slovakian will see him regain his status as world no 1.