Countdown star Carol Vorderman has opened up on the memory of later mother on her BBC Radio Wales show ahead of Mother's Day tomorrow. The mother-of-two, 61, reflected on their "special bond" before revealing that she "thinks of her as an angel looking down" at her, while posting a sweet family picture on Twitter of her mum on Mother's Day five years ago. In view of her 480,700 followers, the Welsh star shared an intimate family snap after her mother had been diagnosed with terminal cancer. Carol wrote: "Mothers Day 2017. Mum had been diagnosed with terminal cancer a week before. "So I got a beautiful room in @ivycliftonbrass for all of us to celebrate her," she added. Carol went on: "Mum had lived with me & worked for me since the 1980s. "24/7 it was always us. She died 2 months after this photo," she finished,alongside two heart emojis. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat Speaking on her BBC Radio Wales show today, the Welsh TV personality reflected on her relationship with her mum. Addressing the topic of Mother's Day, Carol said: "My mum and I had an extra special bond, my mum had my brother and my sister, they're like eight, 10 years older than me. "My mum was a single parent and I was a baby, literally a baby. "And we had this incredible connection, so wherever mum went, when she married my step-dad, Gabriel, who I adored, and we went to live in Denby, I was always with my mum," added Carol. The star said even when circumstances changed, she was always by her side, adding: "She kept leaving him, I was always with my mum. Ran away to the circus once, but I was always with my mum. However, the maths whizz revealed the moment she knew when the tables had turned and she had to start caring for her mother. Carol explained: "After I graduated she left my step-father for the last time and it was from that time that I knew I had to look after her, so we moved after a year to Leeds." The star revealed that it was her mum who landed her a 26-year presenting stint after applying for the Channel 4 show on her behalf. She told listeners: "And she wrote a letter applying for Countdown, forged my signature, sent it in, so she kind of, sort of got me the job on Countdown. DON'T MISS... Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson says her daughter ‘storms off’ when she ‘overshares' [ANALYSIS]Edith Bowman addresses Cat Deeley 'lesbian relationship rumours' [UPDATE] "And she lived with me, all the rest of her life she lived with me. When I was married, she lived with me." Carol even told how she employed her mum to work for her. She said: "I employed her as my PA full time from when I was 25. "The reason I'm telling you all of this is because it was this extra special bond. "Wherever I went, I moved, I had to move down to London, my mum came too. "She lived with us, she helped me bring up my kids and so on, we came as a pack of four, me, my mum, Cameron and Katie." However, Carol went on to reveal that she had sadly died from terminal cancer. She explained: "So there were lots and lots of things that were incredibly special about our relationship and very sadly she died five years ago. "She was nearly 90 and lived probably a lot longer than she should have done. "She'd had three cancers and eventually she had terminal cancer," the presenter said.