One of the Queen’s homes is in Northern Ireland, and it is called Hillsborough Castle, just outside of Belfast. Queen Elizabeth has six residencies where she stays throughout periods of the year, and Hillsborough Castle is one of her lesser-known residencies. Hillsborough Castle is the Queen’s official Northern Ireland residence, and prior to the pandemic, would host the Royal Family two or three times a year.  The stunning property was bought by the British Government in the early 20th century and has been used as a conference space ever since. This castle is in the village of Hillsborough in County Down and is a very grand property. It is only a 20-minute drive outside of the capital city Belfast, so is perfect for diplomatic meetings. Technically Hillsborough Castle is not actually a castle, but instead, is a grand Georgian house built for an Irish noble family.  READ MORE: Royal Family steps out for ‘relaxed’ major event - no Meghan and Harry It was eventually bought by the British Government in 1922 after the partition of Ireland. Prior to 1972, it was used as the office for the Governor of Northern Ireland until the post was abolished in favour of direct rule from London. The Queen's Secretary of State moved in as her representative and the house from that point continued to host royal visitors. When Her Majesty is not visiting, the property is occupied by Northern Ireland's Secretary of State, Brandon Lewis.  It remains the official Northern Irish residence for the Queen, who has visited the castle 25 times over her reign. The property measures at 100-acres and has an Instagram account where royal fans can get sneak peeks inside the lush royal residence. The luxurious home includes several State Rooms, all of which boast royal artefacts and elegant decorations. Its grandest attraction is the Throne Room, which even hosted a celebratory ball for the Queen's coronation in 1953.  The colossal crystal chandeliers which can be seen on Hillsborough Castle’s Instagram shows this room is perfect for royal engagements. There is also the State Dining Room, which continues to serve meals to VIP guests. It can seat up to 40 guests for dinner and host 60 for a reception, making it ideal for royal galas. The Red Room is the conference space in the house where the Queen has met the Irish Presidents across her reign.  From photographs, it can be seen to have crimson walls decorated with portraits of British monarchs. A round table is in the centre of the room, perfect for diplomatic discussions and debates. Hillsborough's outdoors are also very elegant, with a walled garden, a Yew Tree Walk and a tranquil temple. In 2014, Historic Royal Palaces took over the running of Hillsborough Castle and Gardens and started a five-year refurbishment that is reported to have cost £24million. 