MPs have publicly criticised the Government over its handling of the rebate’s details and are pushing for further clarity. Earlier this year, the Government announced a new tax rebate would be accessible to families as part of a wider financial support package to address rising inflation and energy bills. Through this tax rebate, households living in bands A to D will receive a £150 deduction in their council tax bill. Overall, everyone who is in these tax brackets account for 80 percent of all people in the country, according to Government statistics. Outside of this rebate, there are other means in which households can claim a reduction on their council tax bill. For example, Pension Credit claimants may be able to get a council tax reduction if they get the guarantee part of the DWP benefit payment. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Furthermore, the Council Tax Discretionary Relief (CTDR) is another means of support which is available for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances and claim the council tax deduction. Following the Government’s announcement, the  Levelling Up, Housing and Communities  (LUHC) Committee is pushing the Government to elaborate further on how the reduction will be administered. Specifically, the group called for an explanation as to how the £150 rebate will be processed and what measures will be put in place to ensure tenants get it and not landlords. Clive Betts, Chair of the LUHC Committee, wrote to Secretary of State Michael Gove to demand further “clarity” on how exactly the Government will assist in delivering this support to families.   Mr Betts said: “The Government claims credit for bringing forward the £150 rebate but fails to spell out how it will help deliver this support for a range of people, including those households who do not pay their council tax through Direct Debit. “The Chancellor left local authorities with the burden and responsibility to deliver this support but the Government is failing to step up and provide sufficient clarity on how people will receive the rebate. “As a Committee, we will continue to hold Government to account on this issue and to press for clarity on how the rebate will be delivered to help ensure people receive this payment speedily. “The Secretary of State should make it clear how households, including those who receive council tax support or who receive pension credit, will receive the rebate and how promptly this will be delivered. “Clarity is also needed on what happens in households where tenants pay their council tax to their landlord? “Payments should be going to tenants - the Government should not be in the business of shelling out for landlords to receive multiple rebates. “Given the prospect of energy prices increasing substantially in the coming weeks, the Government should also spell out whether they will top up the £150 payment to ensure households get the support they need.” A HM Treasury spokesperson said: “We understand that people are concerned about pressures on household budgets which is why the Chancellor announced a £9billion package to protect millions against the impact of rising global energy prices. “This policy package balances the need to be progressive and to act fast – the existence of the council tax system allows a payment to be made quickly in April to those who require support. “This includes a £144m Discretionary Fund that gives Local Authorities flexibility to target additional support to families not receiving the Council Tax Rebate."