Anne, 76, called the finance guru as she was lost and “didn’t know where to turn”. On the Ramsey Show - Highlights Youtube channel, the American personal finance personalities advised her on what she can do in this tough time. Anne had recently lost her husband, 85, and her sister, who she usually calls for advice was also in the same situation as her. He stressed the importance for viewers to have a Will to ensure they are not left in the dark when tragedy hits. “I don’t know what to do,” she said. Anne continued: “I don’t know what I should be doing in terms of the mortgage. “I received a letter from the mortgage company when they were doing the annual escrow analysis. READ MORE: 'Anybody can fall victim' - Britons warned of 'convincing' scam after retiree loses £800k “They have increased the mortgage payments almost $1,000 (almost £800).” Mr Ramsey suggested that Anne call her daughter as she is “the responsible one” out of Anne’s three children. He said: “Tell her you need help. She’s going to be your sounding board. “I need her in your life walking with you as you start making these different decisions. “Because one week after your husband passes and you both were married for 15 years is not a good time to be making big financial decisions. “It’s a tough day, it’s a tough week, it’s a tough year for you and I don’t want you making big financial decisions like a Lone Ranger right now. “Let's get her in your corner and I will have one of our coaches help you and walk you through the financial details of this for free. “I don’t something like an escrow account that could just be messed up to throw you into a tizzy and cause you to sell a house whilst you’re in this grief. “It’s hard to think clear.” Wellness expert Dr John Delony suggested that Anne finds out if there was a life insurance policy in place. He asked her if the house she lived at was in her name and if she had money available. Hesitantly, Anne responded: “I think so.” Mr Delony continued: “ The first thing we need to do is to make sure these four walls are taken care of. That you have food and you can keep the lights on, and keep the water running. “We need to make sure some kid can’t come to the house and say ‘This is my house now, your name isn’t on the deed’. “The coach will help you through this but hopefully your daughter can walk you through the basics because that will help you sleep. “When you don’t know if you can get groceries, or if there’s life insurance in place it’s scary, on top of your tragic loss.” Mr Ramsey urged viewers to make sure they are on the same pages with their partners. It should be a priority to get the basics out of the way, and know what to do if someone passes away. Mr Delony added: “If you have not sat down with your partner and said this is where my will is, here is what happens next. Here is where the paper is, do that today. “Everyone get on the same page and have a plan.”