CBS procedural drama NCIS returned to screens with another action-packed episode to investigate after a bizarre discovery of a dead body. As a result, fans are convinced bosses could soon announce a podcast dedicated to the show.  On the recent episode of NCIS, the guests of a baby shower were sprayed with pieces of a dead body after a plane failed to write ‘boy’ or ‘girl’ in the sky. It was soon revealed the bones belonged to Emily Radner, who had been missing for five months. Her disappearance was also the topic of Jessica Knight (played by Katrina Law) and Kasie Hines’ (Diona Reasonover) favourite podcast, Desperately Seeking Emma. The two had bonded over spending Friday nights together, drinking wine and listening to the episodes. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps Since her death, Emily’s husband Sam (Mike Erwin) had been suspected, however, without a body he was able to avoid arrest. As he was investigated, Knight tried to separate the podcast from the real case although she admitted to being a fan, as she believed Sam who maintained innocence deserved a fair trial. Later on in the episode, Torres became obsessed with podcasts, then he and Kasie had a go at starting their own show as they sat with mics. As a result, fans took to social media as they were convinced this hinted at the show potentially coming out with their own official podcast.  Twitter user, @amber_wallace75, shared her hopes: “Fingers crossed a [NCIS] podcast is announced at NCIS Universe Paley Fest.” Meanwhile, @Else4grace agreed: “Ok ok but this would be cool if they started a podcast !! Make it happen.” A third account, @JenKasper81, added: “Okay but I would actually listen to a Nick and Kasie podcast.” @JBraxt29 tweeted: “I think Torres and Kasie may have something with this podcast!”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]NCIS Hawaii crossover: Jane Tennant and Jessica Knight clash 'sealed' [THEORY]NCIS season 19: Fornell teams up with Parker [INSIGHT] Another fan @taichiplay questioned: “Where would I find this alleged [NCIS] podcast?” @Sylviassister asked: “Who thinks we need a real [NCIS] podcast?” alongside a hand up emoji. While all the clues during the cases pointed at Sam, his alibi and reasoning seemed to check out, which led Kasie to rule him out as a suspect. As a result of the investigation gaining popularity, San had even lost his job as a hotshot insurance salesman.  It was soon revealed the person responsible for Emma's death was Nance Freeman, who accused her husband Walt of cheating with Emma. She confessed to the murder, claimed it was accidental and then stated she’d accidentally framed Sam for killing his wife. There could be a possibility of NCIS starting a podcast with a host who would interview the cast per episode. Other shows including The Walking Dead and Outlander have successful podcasts alongside their shows. NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 