Loose Women guest panellist Linda Nolan, 63, is adamant she will not miss any big family celebrations this year. Linda has been diagnosed with incurable secondary breast cancer, which spread to her liver in 2020. In a new interview, Linda said she is looking forward to celebrating her godson’s destination wedding, which is set to take place in August. Speaking bravely about her diagnosis, Linda shared that she hopes to attend some special upcoming family occasions, including her nephews’ weddings and her sister, Denise’s 70th birthday. “Three of my nephews are getting married and Denise has her 70th coming up. “My godson Danny, who is Maureen’s son, is getting married in Italy and that is my goal — to make sure I am there in August," she told The Sun last Wednesday. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ “I am going to be there for all of those things. They are milestones. I am determined.” The singer was first diagnosed with stage three breast cancer in 2005. She was given the all clear in 2006, but in 2017 she was told she has an incurable form of breast cancer. After a fall, medical professionals found that the cancer had spread to her hip and said there was no cure. In May 2020, doctors confirmed that Linda also had liver cancer. Linda’s sister, Bernie Nolan died from secondary breast cancer in 2013 when she was just 52. Linda previously revealed that she and her sister Anne Nolan discovered they had been re-diagnosed with cancer on the same day. Anne and Linda wrote a book together, titled Stronger Together, in which they detailed how Linda had been told that her incurable cancer had spread to her liver only 30 minutes after hearing the devastating news that her sister, Anne, had found a lump in her breast. DON’T MISS: Actor Alan Cumming: I felt terror but my abusive dad never broke me [INSIGHT]Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers [LATEST] 'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [COMMENT] Linda also said she has decided not to find out how long doctors think she has left as she wishes to “make memories”. She said: “I asked my consultant one day what my prognosis was and then quickly said, ‘Don’t tell me’, as I don’t want to know. I just want to make memories.” Linda has also spoken about the difficulty of losing her eyelashes, eyebrows and hair and having her nails turn to “chalk” as a result of undergoing chemotherapy. While making an appearance on BBC Breakfast, Linda explained that losing her hair due to chemo had “traumatised” her. She said: “I’ve got certain side effects from the chemo. I've got pins and needles in my fingers and my toes. “But it hasn't been too bad. I think for me personally I was traumatised losing my hair. At the time you feel like you're being a little bit vain but I think everybody takes it differently. “For a woman losing your hair is a really traumatic thing. We're not supposed to be going around bald.”