Held every year on March 8, International Women’s Day (IWD) dates back as far as 1908, when 15,000 women took to the streets of New York to protest for better working conditions, better pay, and voting rights. Following the success of this demonstration, a National Women’s Day was established in 1909 by the Socialist Party of America, which influenced countless other countries to get involved and celebrate in their own ways. As a result, the fixed global date to celebrate was established to provide countries with not only the opportunity to acknowledge the achievements of women but also the opportunity for women to press for change, all together. The date has remained the same ever since, gaining increasing traction as the years have gone on. Since 1996, the UN has been centring celebrations around topical themes. This year’s theme is #BreakTheBias, which calls on people to “imagine a gender-equal world”, free of bias, stereotypes and discrimination, and create gender-equal workplaces, communities, and schools.  READ MORE: Charlene White admits Loose Women fears due to 'nonsense' feud rumours  There are many ways you can take part and advocate for women on this day. Numerous virtual events and female-focused charity fundraisers are being held to attend, as well as encouragement to share the love on social media. This year, the organisers of International Women’s Day are encouraging people to get involved with the #BreakTheBias photo challenge. The challenge asks individuals to strike the IWD pose of crossing their arms in an ‘X’ formation, to share on social media using hashtags #IWD2022 and #BreakTheBias.  The challenge hopes to spread awareness of gender inequalities, empower women, and encourage people to commit to helping forge a more inclusive world. To mark the global day, Express.co.uk have compiled a variety of powerful quotes from women over the years - add to the IWD challenge by including one in your post! Rosa Parks - “I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fears; knowing what must be done does away with fear.” Maya Angelou - “Each time a woman stands up for herself, without knowing it possibly, without claiming it, she stands up for all women.” DON'T MISS: Susanna Reid details sacrifices she made for BBC Breakfast [INSIGHT] Sarah Ferguson follows Meghan’s footsteps with speech on strong women [ANALYSIS]Hair loss: The supplement which can increase hair growth [EXPLAINED]      Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie - “Teach her that the idea of 'gender roles' is absolute nonsense. Do not ever tell her that she should or should not do something because she is a girl. 'Because you are a girl' is never reason for anything. Ever.” MacKenzi Lee - “You deserve to be here. You deserve to exist. You deserve to take up space in this world of men.” Cassandra Duffy - “It's hard not to be a fighter when you're constantly under siege.” Gloria Steinem - “A feminist is anyone who recognises the equality and full humanity of women and men.” Margaret Atwood - “Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them.” Mary Shelley - “I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves.” Elizabeth Cady Stanton - “The best protection any woman can have… is courage.” Hannah Gadsby - “There is nothing stronger than a broken woman who has rebuilt herself.” Adrienne Rich - “The most important thing one woman can do for another is expand her sense of actual possibilities.  Malala Yousafzai - “We realise the importance of our voice when we are silenced.” Eleanor Roosevelt - “Well-behaved women rarely make history.” Aung San Suu Kyi - “You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right” Serena Williams - “Every woman's success should be an inspiration to another. We're strongest when we cheer each other on.”