Peaky Blinders returned to BBC One on Sunday night, kicking off its blood-soaked sixth and final season. Symbolic of their on-set look, the cut-throat Birmingham clan are often shown wearing a three-piece suit, Oxford laced boots, a newsboy cap and a heavy overcoat. Despite his iconic style, Cillian Murphy has revealed why Tommy Shelby often rubs cigarettes on his mouth before smoking, and there's a pretty good reason behind it too. With the show’s latest season well underway, BBC audiences have been reacquainted with a new sober Tommy, who has quit drinking. However, one thing that remains the same with the flat-cap-wearing gang leader is how the character smokes his cigarettes. Tommy is often shown rubbing the filter of the cigarette in a way that cleverly stops it from sticking to his lip. Cillian told the BBC: “That comes from the fact that the cigarettes, we cut the filter off or do we leave the filter on I cannot recall, but anyway if you don't rub them across your lips initially, they will stick. READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? “That just became this sort of idiosyncrasy but it was out of necessity because otherwise the cigarettes would stick to my lip and I just kept doing it and it became a Tommy thing. “These things develop over the course of the show, you know,” he explained. During the episode, Tommy was still alive and kicking, having not shot himself in the field where viewers last saw him at the end of series five. The troublesome gangster had set off to North America, where the end of Prohibition brings new opportunities. But he faced new danger from an old adversary, who is finally making his move. Fans were moved to tears with the episode's dedication to the memory of Helen McCrory, 52, who played Polly Gray, following her death from breast cancer last year. A burial of Polly Gray along with an on-screen tribute to Helen read: “Dedicated to the memory of Helen McCrory OBE Polly Gray." Helen, who was known for her work in the Harry Potter films and Penny Dreadful among her many other roles, had been part of the furniture with Peaky Blinders since the show's first season. In a statement, Cillian gushed over his long-standing co-star: “As an actor, Helen was all about truth, dedication, commitment, ambition, empathy.” The 45-year-old went on to add that her “kindness” is what he will “miss the most”. Meanwhile, several new faces have joined the fold, but whom are they playing with, and will they be a threat to the Shelby family? The series will feature Hollywood stars Tom Hardy and Anya Taylor-Joy reprising their roles as Alfie Solomons and Gina Gray respectively, as Stephen Graham is set to make his debut as an enigmatic Liverpudlian gangster, much to the delight of showrunner Steven Knight who has been a fan of the Scouse actor for a while. Although Stephen’s character is yet to feature, whether he will be a friend or a foe to Tommy is yet to be explained. Other film roles of the actor have included Snatch, Shang in Gangs of New York, Baby, Public Enemies and This Is England. Viewers should expect fireworks as the season finale is set to go out with a bang. Peaky Blinders season 6 continues on Sunday on BBC One at 9pm