Based on the real-life memoirs of veterinary surgeon James Alfred Wight, All Creatures Great and Small is set to make a comeback to Channel 5 with its third instalment. Head writer and executive producer Ben Vanstone has now revealed what might be ahead for the programme’s next season and how the storylines can be tweaked by producers despite following the novels as much as possible. At the heart of the series are the animals of the farmers and residents of Darrowby, however, the author’s choice of wildlife isn’t always easy to find for the Channel 5 showrunners. Ben began: “I always try as much as possible to work from James Herriot’s veterinary stories as a basis for the animal stories. “Where we do have to invent or change something a little bit. “We’ve changed cows for calves, and bullocks for calves, because we couldn’t get ahold of bullocks. READ MORE:The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  “In season one, episode three, we changed the sex of the farmer, Calvert, to be a female farmer—in the book that was a male farmer. “And we changed her bullocks to calves because…I think I remember that it was because they were too dangerous for the actors to be around,” he told PBS. Season three is expected to arrive "on our screens this year," and viewers might also finally get to see James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) tie the knot. With World War II looming, viewers will see the conflict from the perspective of those on the home front of the show.  The producer went on to reiterate the programme wouldn't turn into a "war drama," hoping to keep its light-hearted nature. Viewers will also see Samuel West, Anna Madeley and Callum Woodhouse, return to reprise their roles on the rural drama. In series two, James turned down a prestigious role in Glasgow so he could stay with Helen in Darrowby. By the end, the beloved vet had finally plucked up the courage to propose and the two were overjoyed at their engagement. James had confessed his love to Helen after she left Hugh Hulton (Matthew Lewis) at the altar in the show’s first Christmas special episode. After she had returned her feelings for James, the two had finally begun to date, much to the delight of viewers at home. Exclusive photos from the set of the drama have shown Helen and James gushing over each other as they walk out of a church, hand-in-hand. In the new snaps, see Helen wearing an elegant lace white gown and her hair is pinned up in ringlets at the sides while carrying a bouquet of flowers. DON'T MISS... [INSIGHT] Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [INTERVIEW]Louise Minchin's daughter admits how stalking ordeal changed her mum                                                                                                                          [VIDEO] Louise Minchin's 'most difficult conversation ever' with stalker  Moreover, James is sporting a smart grey suit as he appears to laugh while linking up to his newly wedded wife. Shortly after filming had begun, Samuel couldn’t contain his excitement and took to social media to share the news with fans. On Twitter, he wrote: "Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus bawb ["Happy St. David's Day everyone" in Welsh]. “And happy first day of meteorological Spring, all. "And WHITE RABBITS, from #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall (mostly small). We start filming Series 3 tomorrow." (sic) The TV star wrote the post along with a picture of himself holding a white bunny. All Creatures Great and Small Series 1 and 2 are available to stream on My5. 