Whitney Dean (played by Shona McGarty) was looking forward to starting a new life with Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami) when Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith) cruelly murdered him in a jealous rage. His death was believed to be accidental but will EastEnders fans witness Whitney finally getting justice for her fiancé as the net closes in on Gray? In Monday’s instalment of EastEnders, Whitney discovered Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White) had been murdered. The market trader was horrified as she began to piece together clues that pointed to Gray. Whitney knows only too well what Gray is capable of and soon realised the lawyer killed Tina. Mick Carter (Danny Dyer) was left baffled by Whitney’s behaviour when she expressed her condolences. Read more: Lynda Baron dead: EastEnders and Open All Hours actress dies at 82 However, Whitney quickly explained her thought process behind pointing the finger at the last person to see Tina alive. She correctly reasoned Tina would have noticed Gray’s abusive behaviour and confronted him. A trailer for this week’s batch of episodes confirms the lawyer will begin to panic as Whitney continues efforts to expose him. But, will she finally discover the truth about him murdering her fiancé? EastEnders fans will know Gray secretly followed Whitney, Kush and Arthur as they set off for a new life together. Once Kush was alone, the lawyer accused him of taking Whitney away from him before pushing him into the path of an oncoming train. In another blow for justice, the CCTV camera covering the area was reportedly broken and Kush’s death was declared a tragic accident. However, viewers think history may repeat itself as Gray lures Whitney to the same place Kush died in an attempt to frighten her. DON'T MISSEastEnders triple exit as Gray Atkins arrested after killing two more? [SPOILER]EastEnders horror as Gray Atkins’ final victim sealed? [THEORY]EastEnders’ Keegan Baker goes on the run after killing Gray? [INSIGHT] The lawyer has spent his time in Walford manipulating women and would likely assume he could stop Whitney from going to the police with any evidence she has against him if he can frighten her off. In the trailer, Gray is seen running away and he could be chasing the market trader. But, if the lawyer backs Whitney into a corner will she look around for CCTV cameras and try to position herself close enough for the camera to pick up Gray’s confession? EastEnders fan @RyanGTweetsTV suggested: “#EastEnders I think Gray will definitely confess Kush's murder to Whitney in an attempt to play mind games with her. “If it's within the same place that Kush was murdered let's just hope the CCTV works this time so the police can catch out Gray post confession.” @mightyredzz added: “Big week ahead! A whole week dedicated to Grays downfall. Toby deserves this, with all the amazing work he has done throughout this storyline. Looking forward to the Carters & Taylors confronting Gray. I can also see Gray confessing to killing Kush as a way to intimidate Whitney.” (sic). The BBC soap released a new behind-the-scenes video of EastEnders’ brand new set. In the clip, actor Toby is seen running on what appears to be train infrastructure. @Nowland_Ben pondered: “Looks like the train line will Whitney end gray the same way he ended kush? #EastEnders.” (sic) EastEnders airs on BBC One Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.