The cricket star tragically died at the age of 52 on March 4, while on holiday on the island of Koh Samui. It was later reported Shane Warne had died from a heart attack. Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield discussed with Dr Moseley on Thursday’s This Morning about whether Shane’s death could have been caused by a liquid diet he was reportedly on at the time. Phillip began the segment by pointing out there has been no evidence to suggest Shane’s diet was a contributing factor to his death. “There have been worries raised about these types of liquid diets and so we've asked Michael Mosley to join us and help us investigate further,” Phillip began. “So obviously, the caveat is we don’t know. But what it did do, is it raised the question that was discussed. “And so that's why we are discussing it today. Is it possible that a liquid-only diet can prove fatal?” READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? Dr Mosley replied: “Well if you have a pre-existing heart condition, it is possible. “There was a crazy diet back in the 70s which was called The Last Chance diet and it proved to be that way for a number of people. “It was about 400 calories a day. It was a liquid diet, and since then it has been done with powder which you could add water to, and a number of people died from heart disease, but they already had signs of heart disease and so that obviously put a big dampener on the idea. “The thing I would say is that particular diet was unbelievably low calorie, and it was also very poor quality.” “The ingredients as you say, we don't know what Shane Warne was consuming,” the dietician admitted. Phillip went on to ask about how liquid diets have improved these days compared to back then. Dr Mosely explained: “There are lots of really good ones out there. And indeed, the government is currently trialling something which is called the chicken soup diet, which is a liquid formula diet. “It's based on the work of Professor Roy Taylor, who is based in Newcastle, and he showed that you could reverse type two diabetes or at least put into remission using this approach is about 800 to 900 calories. “So, it's got more calories, more protein, it's got all the right ingredients in it and it seems to be very effective.” DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [SPOILERS]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT]  The segment sparked a backlash from viewers, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. While some criticised the doctor for promoting low-calorie diets, others felt it was inappropriate to speculate about Shane’s death. Rhian slammed: “We don't know how he died but we'll do an item on it anyway and Michael can promote a book or 2 #ThisMorning.” (sic) User White Horses tweeted: “Shane Warne reportedly died of heart failure 3 days after having his booster vax. Maybe that’s irrelevant but interesting that you’re not considering he had myocarditis brought on by a Pfizer jab. You’re only talking about his juice diet. Let’s have some balance.” (sic) “We don't know, but we will speculate and scaremonger about it anyway,” Carl said. Emma raged: “Why is this guy promoting meal replacement shakes and extremely low-calorie diets? This is not healthy. How about promoting more fruit and veg and exercise? It’s not rocket science. #ThisMorning.” Jackie penned: “Mosley stop peddling your ridiculous diets and your ridiculous show.” While BT said: “@thismorning #ThisMorning this Muppet isn't a medical doctor why is he here giving advice on medical conditions! So dangerous. “You’re f*****g crazy if you stay on a very low-calorie liquid diet, don’t listen to this! With eating disorders on the increase why have this lunatic on!” (sic) This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.