The trials and tribulations of the modern football world, especially the Premier League, means that some wonderkids will go on to fulfil their potential. But the harsh nature of the sport means that others will not taste the same level of success, leaving to think of what could have been. Back in 2012, a list of 20 starlets were rated as some of the best talents on simulation game Football Manager, including some household Premier League names. Some have gone on to win World Cups and various league titles, while others have faded into obscurity. As is often the case, injuries, misguided moves and a lack of first-team football can hamper any footballer's career no matter how talented they are. But their desire to make it to the top means that their career trajectories can take different turns. Express Sport runs the rule over those 20 players who made the cut and where they are now. Phil Jones One of Manchester United’s longest-serving players, Phil Jones has been on the periphery of the first-team, making just three league appearances since 2019. Now 30, the former England international appears likely to leave the club after 11 years in Manchester. Raheem Sterling Eyebrows were raised when Manchester City paid a British record £50m fee for Raheem Sterling in 2015. But the winger justified the move by winning four Premier League titles and five domestic cups at the Etihad Stadium. Marc-Andre ter Stegen After breaking into the first team at Borussia Monchengladbach, Barcelona swooped to sign Ter Stagen on a free transfer eight years ago to replace Victor Valdes. Some 315 appearances later, he remains a key cog in the Catalan giants’ defence. Kurt Zouma Plucked from Saint-Etienne when he was just 19 by Chelsea, Kurt Zouma has gone on to appear for France and become a household Premier League name. Months after completing a £30m switch to West Ham, he was involved in a controversial incident regarding treatment of his cat. Thibaut Courtois Chelsea may still rue the day they sold Thibaut Courtois in 2018 after the Belgian pushed for a move to Real Madrid. The Belgian has gone on to become one of the world’s best goalkeepers and at 29 can still get better. Adryan After emerging as a talent at the age of 16 for Flamengo, Adryan’s attempts to earn a permanent switch to Europe produced mixed results with loans to Cagliari, Leeds and Nantes. The Brazilian, now 27, plies his trade in Switzerland with Sion. Erik Lamela The Argentine struggled with injuries that hampered his development at Tottenham but he remains a popular figure at the club, having made over 250 appearances for the club. He left for Sevilla last summer in a part-exchange deal that saw Bryan Gil move in the opposite direction. Mario Gotze From Borussia Dortmund to a controversial free transfer to Bayern Munich, Mario Gotze cemented his place in history with the winner for Germany in the 2014 World Cup final. But after a spate of injuries and a heart problem, he now plays in the Eredivisie with PSV Eindhoven. Xherdan Shaqiri Arguably one of the finest Swiss players to grace the game, Shaqiri’s CV includes spells with Bayern Munich, Inter Milan and Liverpool. After cutting short his six-month stint with Lyon, the 31-year-old headed Stateside to join Chicago Fire in January. Yaya Sanogo A rare misfire from Arsene Wenger in spotting young talent, Sanogo managed just 20 appearances for Arsenal in four seasons at the club. He returned to France with Toulouse before joining Huddersfield last season and the 29-year-old is currently a free agent. Oscar Big things were expected of Oscar when Chelsea paid £25million to sign him from Internacional. The Brazilian scored 38 goals in 203 appearances for the Blues before securing a lucrative £60m switch to Shanghai SIPG in January 2017, where he is still under contract. Jack Wilshere Branded one of the finest English talents of his generation and proved it with a memorable display against Barcelona. Sadly, injuries robbed the former Arsenal and West Ham midfielder of his peak years, and recently joined AGF Aarhus in Denmark. Paul Pogba A World Cup winner with France in 2018 and a three-time Serie A winner with Juventus, Paul Pogba’s return to Manchester United has produced mixed results. The £89m signing looks set to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer for a second time with his contract due to expire this summer. Christian Eriksen The Danish playmaker has done tremendously to recover to full fitness after suffering a cardiac arrest during a Euro 2020 match in June last year. After leaving Inter Milan, the ex-Spurs star is rebuilding his career with Brentford. John Fleck After a controversial start to his career with Rangers, John Fleck has spent the majority of his time in England’s lower leagues with Coventry City and Sheffield United. The Scottish midfielder made his international debut in 2019 and has won five caps for his country. Jack Robinson There were high hopes for Jack Robinson when he became Liverpool’s youngest player at the age of 16 years and 250 days. But injuries and a lack of form played a part in his decline — and after various loans in the Championship, he turns out for Sheffield United. Neymar A star in his own right and perhaps own words, Neymar still holds the world record for the most expensive transfer after moving to PSG from Barcelona for €222m (£186.5m) in 2017. But the Brazilian has failed to win his two ultimate goals in Paris: the Ballon d’Or and Champions League. Serge Aurier A solid defender on his day, Serge Aurier earned a £23m move to Tottenham in 2017 after falling out of favour at PSG. More recently, he linked up with Villarreal in August last year after leaving the north London club as a free agent. Jordan Ayew After bursting onto the scene with Marseille in his formative years, Jordan Ayew tried his luck with Aston Villa and Swansea before moving onto Crystal Palace in 2019. However, his record of 13 goals in 126 appearances points to an underwhelming spell in south London. Carlos Fierro The name of Carlos Fierro was linked with the likes of Arsenal and Liverpool when he helped Mexico win the Under-17 World Cup in 2011. Sadly, a move to Europe never materialised and he has spent his career in his native Mexico, recently playing for Juarez.