Dr Shola was angry at the UK Government in the way they have handled the Ukrainian refugee crisis after several families said they were turned away at Calais as they needed to fill in applications at UK embassies. Refugees have spoken out about their confusion with Dr Shola accusing the Government of being "stingy" and failing Ukrainians with "inhumane" actions. She said she was astounded at the UK Government not issuing instructions in native languages during a passionate rant on Jeremy Vine on 5. The Channel 5 panel debated the UK's response to Ukrainian refugees with Dr Shola being furious at the lack of action. She told the show: "Should we let in every single one of them in? I mean, what is the problem here? "How difficult is it to understand that we must extend some humanity and what humanity looks like, the people who absolutely in need who are to trek, who are to find means to get to Calais in order to come to safety here. "How can we be so stingy? Absolutely inhumane, in making them suffer. "Look at that incredible absolutely out-of-this-world nonsense statement they put out there to Ukraine refugees saying you need to go to this link. "You need to make your way to Paris or somewhere else, in order to be able to apply. "They did even bother to put it in the native language of the refugees like if you wanted to send a message that we don't want you here, we just want to pay lip service to your pain - this Government has done that. The UK Government is coming under pressure to do more to help Ukrainian refugees as only a few hundred visas have been handed out.  Some European countries have waived visa restrictions meaning many Ukrainians can arrive there with little checks to ensure their safety. Poland has welcomed over a million Ukrainians with Moldova, Romania, and Slovakia taking in hundreds of thousands of refugees. However, the UK has stalled in its visa processing with Prime Minister Boris Johnson saying more than 200,000 Ukrainians would be welcome to the country as the eligibility criteria expand. Ukrainians can arrive in the UK if they have close family living there but some have said they have been turned away at Calais as they struggle to find a place to fill out visa applications. Families told the BBC that they were told to go to embassies around France to fill out forms before they could enter the UK. DON'T MISS Sturgeon slammed for blocking UK energy lifeline during Russia crisis [REPORT] Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REVEAL] Ancient Egypt discovery took researchers by surprise [INSIGHT] The Home Office says nearly 18,000 applications have been sent to them so far and they would be setting up additional visa centres to make it easier for people to apply. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the UK had a generous scheme and the reason for the low visa numbers was because departments were getting used to the new applications. A humanitarian corridor has also been established for the northeast city of Sumy to allow civilians to escape to safer regions. It is believed around 1.7million Ukrainians have fled the country as Russian troops continue their siege.