Heartstopper will be arriving on Netflix soon and the TV series follows two boys who fall in love. The eight-episode series promises plenty of emotional moments as the relationship blossoms in unexpected ways. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the new show. The series is due to arrive on the streaming platform on April 22, 2022. Eight 30-minute episodes will arrive at the same time, meaning viewers can easily binge the series. The show is an adaptation of Alice Oseman's webcomic of the same name. On how she wrote the story, she told comicsbeat.com: "It has been a long and strange journey! "Heartstopper began as a webcomic in 2016, and then in 2018 I decided to self-publish Volume 1. "I didn’t think it had a chance at traditional publication! I took a lot of trips to the post office to get those books out in the world. "Fortunately, after the self-published edition did really well and sold out fairly quickly, I was contacted by my UK publisher Hachette, who made the offer of traditional publication." READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Charlie Spring is one of the main stars of the series and he is played by Joe Locke. He meets Nick Nelson, a rugby-loving secondary school student, played by Kit Connor. The cast includes William Gao as Tao Xu, Yasmin Finney as Elle Argent and Corinna Brown as Tara Jones. Kizzy Edgell stars as Darcy Olsson and Sebastian Croft plays Ben Hope. There is a trailer for the series and viewers will see how Charlie's peers and school staff start to question whether he and Nick are more than friends. One of his closest friends says: "As your token straight friend, it's my duty to remind you that sometimes people are straight." Yet as the trailer continues, there is mounting evidence that Charlie and Nick have stronger feelings for each other. Fans took to the comments to share their thoughts, with Bibble's Twin saying: "I don't think I can express how much this story means to me. "I've been reading Heartstopper for years and to finally be able to watch it come to life makes me beyond happy. "The cast and trailer look amazing and I can't wait to experience this all over again." DON'T MISS... 'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits host [INSIGHT] Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton Series 2: What happened to Anthony, Kate and Edwina after [INSIGHT] The official synopsis reads: "Boy meets boy. Boys become friends. Boys fall in love. "When gentle Charlie and rugby-loving Nick meet at secondary school, they quickly discover that their unlikely friendship is blossoming into an unexpected romance. "Charlie, Nick and their circle of friends must navigate the ever-relatable journey of self-discovery and acceptance, supporting each other as they learn to find their most authentic selves." Heartstopper is about love, friendship, loyalty and how each character juggles all three. Charlie is openly gay in the original webcomic and he meets Nick at school. He instantly falls for the rugby star but is convinced Nick will not feel the same. However, Nick is more into Charlie than anyone thinks, and Charlie is surprised. Most of Oseman's research comes from personal experience and her own school setting.  Heartstopper airs on Netflix on April 22.