Arsenal have turned a corner in the last few months under Mikel Arteta, with Champions League qualification now a real possibility given their superb recent form. And after contract talks with Bayern Munich were rated as a '50/50' chance of being agreed, a deal to bring Serge Gnabry back to the Emirates could be facilitated if they finish in the top four. Gnabry, 26, joined Arsenal as a 16-year-old from Stuttgart in 2011. The winger never really kicked on in the first team in north London, making just 18 appearances overall for the Gunners in his five-year stint. The German was famously loaned out to West Brom in 2015-16, where then-manager Tony Pulis dubbed the star 'not at the level required' to play for his Baggies side. A switch to Bayern ensued where Gnabry's excellence came to the fore, with the German international registering 59 goals and 39 assists (worth throwing in) in 159 games for the Bavarian side. But with his contract expiring in 18 months and reports of a new deal at the Allianz Arena being up in the air, Arsenal fans could dream of a move for the man they once regarded as surplus to requirements. And his contract situation means he might come cheaper than his £63million valuation on Transfermarkt Sky Sports reported on Monday that Bayern chiefs 'remain convinced' that Gnabry is likely to extend his contract. However, Gnabry and his representatives are still in disagreement over salary issues. There is yet to be an update on whether further talks will take place, with the chances of a new deal said to be '50/50'. And with Arsenal set to be striker-less in the summer due to Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah's contracts expiring in July, Gabriel Martinelli could be deployed up front - paving the way for Gnabry to become Arsenal's star in the left-wing position. Having managed double figures in the Bundesliga in each of his four seasons at the German champions, Gnabry would take Arsenal's attack to the next level. And by taking his place in one of the Premier League's most exciting attacks, he would be afforded the chance to display his talents in what many consider to be the best league in the world. Gnabry already has a special place in Arsenal hearts after scoring four at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium back in October 2019. Die Rotten put seven past Mauricio Pochettino in a resounding 7-2 win in north London, with Arsenal fans being vocal about their support for their former youngster. Whether that will happen again is another question - but Gunners fans would surely love to see Gnabry, who recently posted a photo of him wearing an Arsenal shirt, taking on Spurs again while playing for them rather than someone else. 