Bridgerton is back with a second romance-filled season where the socially elite siblings each tackle their own personal obstacles when it comes to love. Netflix's season two revolves around Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey), the oldest sibling who has put off finding a match as he was involved with opera singer Sienna Rosso (Sabrina Bartlett). Sadly, things didn't exactly work out the way Anthony wanted it to between them. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton.Anthony was madly in love with Sienna but due to her coming from a lower-class background, this made their romance almost impossible. They kept their relationship a secret from his family for a long time before he invited Sienna to a ball so she could be formally introduced. However, when he arrived at her door with a bunch of flowers in hand, she was with another man. She felt they had to come to an end as she didn't belong in his world, leaving Anthony heartbroken READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Behind the scenes on Bridgerton, there are hundreds of cast and crew members working hard to bring the romantic drama to life. At the end of the Bridgerton season two final episode entitled The Viscount Who Loved Me, the show pays tribute to Carole Prentice with a title card. The message simply reads: "In memory of Carole Prentice", before the credits begin to roll. There isn't much online about Carole Prentice but Express understands she was a freelancer in TV production. She would have been a valued member of the Bridgerton team as the creators wanted to pay tribute to her at the end of the finale. This isn't the first title card to feature in the second series either as the first appeared in season two, episode one. The first one was for Marc Pilcher, a hair and make-up artist on the show who died at the age of 53 from Covid last year. Bridgerton star Nicole Coughlan took to Instagram to pen a tribute to him. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [THEORY]Why did Ben Miller leave Bridgerton as Lord Featherington? [CAST]Bridgerton boss admits there was 'nothing easy about making' the show [EXPLAINER] The Penelope Featherington actress wrote: "So heartbroken by the loss of Marc Pilcher, the brilliant and visionary Hair and Makeup designer for Bridgerton Season One. “Marc was so passionate about his work and so tremendously talented. Not even a month ago he won his first Emmy award. “It’s a tragedy that he’s been taken so young when he had so much yet to do.” She went on to remind fans that Covid remained a "very real and present danger" asking them to get vaccinated and wear a mask. In response, some of Couglan's followers also shared their condolences. One commented: "Heartbreaking news...Our sincerest condolences to his family and friends [prayer emoji] Rest in Peace Marc." Another added: "I saw this last night, and my heart truly breaks for all of you [heartbroken emoji]." Bridgerton seasons 1 & 2 are available to watch on Netflix.