On Saturday Kate Middleton and Prince William stepped off the plane in Belize, marking the start of their highly-anticipated tour of the Caribbean. After spending four days in Belize, William and Kate arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday and their schedule of engagements has been full. And it seems the weight of this momentous tour has had an impact on the future King at some moments, judging by his body language.  William and Kate said their farewells to Belize on Tuesday, and the pair were characteristically composed as they arrived at the airport. Body language expert Judi James highlighted how Kate looked particularly confident before she boarded her flight to Jamaica. Ms James told Express.co.uk: "As William and Kate wave goodbye to Belize and board the plane to Jamaica, it is important to see how much Kate has now unfurled and launched as possibly the most powerful and confident royal in the top line-up of the Firm. "Kate’s strong, statement red jacket and white trousers seemed to underline or illustrate this signal of dominance.  READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' "With her hair tied back and an emphatically tailored styling here, Kate looks more like a First Lady or world leader than a royal wife. "Her wave is confident, with the palm turned outward and almost flat and her smile and posture suggest she is more than prepared for her role as future Queen." In comparison to his confident wife, it seems Prince William has been quite daunted by the mammoth scale of this royal tour at times, but Kate has fortunately been on hand to assist the future King. Ms James explained: "While William has been riddled with gestures and rituals of anxiety at times, it has been Kate flashing smiles of encouragement and approval in his direction, adding some flirtatious hair-preen gestures in there for good measure.   "Kate has been seen using some very active hand gestures to suggest assertive communication with their hosts, and as she walked down some steps in her glimmering pink dress on Monday, the way she held her hand out for William to steady her walk in heels and then dropped it firmly once the steps were over as they walked towards the bank of cameras suggested a desire to be seen as a confident royal in her own right. "It looked very much as though she was leading the choreography rather than the other way round, and in many ways, she appears to be becoming William’s ‘enabler’, quietly ensuring he feels and looks good while showing herself to be a royal star in her own right." Kate and William's royal tour has been engulfed in controversy from the outset, following Barbados' decision to remove the Queen as head of state last year. Many have interpreted Kate and William's Caribbean tour as a 'charm offensive', as other Caribbean nations have made recent moves towards republicanism.  DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's nanny never uses one word around George and Charlotte [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton stuns in white £2,000 Alexander McQueen suit in Jamaica [PICTURES]Royal tour schedule: What awaits Kate and William in Jamaica [EXPLAINER] Although Kate and William have been met by many happy crowds during their visits to Belize and Jamaica, several protests have also been held about their presence. The Cambridges' royal tour got off to a bumpy start when their planned visit to the Akte‘il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek was cancelled due to opposition from local residents. The Belize government said in a statement: “Indian Creek was one of several sites being considered. Due to issues in the village, the government of Belize activated its contingency planning and another venue has been selected to showcase Maya family entrepreneurship in the cacao industry.” A Kensington Palace spokesperson said: “We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location. Further details will be provided in due course.”  The Cambridges also arrived to demonstrations in Jamaica calling for the monarchy to pay reparations for its role in slavery. Opal Adisa, a Jamaican human rights advocate, called for an apology, saying: "Kate and William are beneficiaries, so they are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we're not benefitting from our ancestors. "The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat." At a reception on Wednesday, it is thought Prince William will be addressing the issue of slavery in a speech. 