Rafael Nadal is aiming to equal Novak Djokovic's record of 37 Masters 1000 titles in Sunday's Indian Wells final. The world No 4 is unbeaten so far this year and is looking to pick up his fourth successive title of the season when he faces first-time Masters finalist Taylor Fritz. Nadal's winning streak comes off the back of a six-month injury layoff and the Spaniard has given an update after his foot issue started to flare up again this week. Nadal is into his fourth final of the year after extending his winning streak to 20-0 in a thrilling three-set semi-final over his young successor Carlos Alcaraz. The Spaniard spent the back-end of 2021 sidelined with a foot injury and has not lost a match since returning to the tour in January, picking up titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open. He surpassed long-time rivals Djokovic and Federer to break the record for most male singles Major titles and is now eyeing another record held by the Serb, sitting on 36 Masters 1000 titles to Djokovic's reord of 37. Standing in his way is first-time Masters finalist Taylor Fritz, who became the first American man in a decade to reach the Indian Wells championship match after beating seventh seed Andrey Rublev 7-5 6-4. Nadal is also hoping not to let his past foot problem interfere with his undefeated streak, having previously explained it was a chronic issue that would never be 100% better. And speaking about his injury earlier in the week, the three-time former Indian Wells champion admitted he had been feeling it again after his round-of-16 win over Reilly Opelka. JUST IN: Roger Federer role in Taylor Fritz's career ahead of Rafael Nadal tie "It was a little bit worse than the last couple of days. It’s true that the last couple of days the foot have been bothering me a little bit more," he admitted. Now into the final against Fritz, Nadal has given a more positive update as he bids for his fourth title of the season to remain undefeated in 2022. Admitting he would need to recover from his marathon semi-final with the world No 19, the Spaniard said: "I know tomorrow I need to be ready physically, mentally, in terms of playing at a very high level of tennis because he’s playing well. I going to try to do the work that I need to do to be ready for tomorrow and then let’s see. I still feeling a little bit, but remain a lot of hours [before] tomorrow. I really hope not going to be a problem. Well, you never know, so. But I am confident that nothing will happen." Nadal and Alcaraz battled through windy conditions in their last-four clash but the fourth seed in Indian Wells admitted he felt fine after his gruelling 6-4 4-6 6-3 win. “Physically I feel well. I played three hours, almost three hours the other day, three hours today. In terms of physical performance, I don’t feel very tired. Here with the conditions, I always felt good physically here. I think I never lost a match here for a physical issue, in terms of being tired. I am quite well, honestly. I can’t complain. I am enjoying. Yeah, I had plenty of tough battles this week, but I still alive, so," he added. DON'T MISSRoger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising updateKyrgios defiant message after Indian Wells outburst in Nadal lossNadal GOAT verdict given in Djokovic and Federer Indian Wells absence  The Indian Wells final is Nadal's last chance to get another match win and title under his belt before moving onto his favourite surface, the clay. The 35-year-old has already withdrawn from the Miami Open as a precaution after explaining it wouldn't give him enough time to adjust to the surface change as a result of his knee injury. Meanwhile, Fritz himself is dealing with an ankle injury after calling the trainer at 5-4 in the second set of his semi-final against Rublev. The American ended up breaking to win the match so never saw the physio but abandoned his pre-final practice after his ankle failed to hold up and is in doubt to make it onto court with the final just hours away.