The expected three percent pay rise may be seen as a lifeline for many especially since the cost of living is increasing. With employers struggling to retain employees, it may be a good opportunity to ask for pay rises to help combat the financial strain many families are facing at the moment. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Neil Struthers, co-founder of Love Your Employees, on the best way employees can ask for a pay rise. Mr Struthers said: “Negotiating a pay rise is rarely easy but approaching the conversation in the right way can boost your earnings and draw attention to your value as an employee. “First of all, know your worth and build a business case by assessing your current salary against the industry benchmark. “Understand current business pressures, priorities and financial position to give the request the best chance of being accepted. “ READ MORE: 'The biggest risk facing our finances in retirement' - How to avoid running out of money “Changes to job title, flexible working and additional holiday entitlement can be an attractive trade-off in supporting work/life balance in addition to enhanced levels of financial benefits.” With inflation reaching 5.5 percent, thousands of Britons on low incomes may struggle as their finances are squeezed, however a potential increase may be able to bring hope for the future. The expected three percent pay rise comes amid persistent signs of a tight labour market, with almost two-thirds of employers expecting to have difficulties filling job vacancies in the coming six months, according to a survey of more than 1,000 recruitment and human resources workers by YouGov for the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). Mr Struthers said: “The expected three percent pay rise is positive news for all employees, especially because the cost of living is going up and the fact that wage growth has been low – and has even dropped at times – in recent years. “An increase in pay will be hugely important to employees right now, but we also need to recognise that it’s the tip of the iceberg when it comes to retaining talent and attracting new employees. “Now more than ever, people are placing more importance on how and where they work. Flexible and remote working options are now expected as standard. “There’s also more of a focus on employee well-being following the dramatic impact of COVID-19. Employees will be seeking out companies who are prioritising their mental and physical health – this will be the key to remaining competitive in the market. “Alongside an increase in wages, businesses need to prove to current employees and job candidates that they truly have their best interests at heart and are committed to looking after their well-being.” Jonathan Boys, the CIPD’s labour market economist, said: “Even though businesses anticipate making record pay awards to their employees this year, most people are set to see their real wages fall against the backdrop of high inflation.” Mr Boys said it was encouraging that more employers were considering other options to keep staff. This includes providing flexible working and spending more on training and other perks such as health benefits. Those practices “should reduce wage inflation pressure to a degree”, he said.