The popular supermarket has officially announced that it is expanding the number of greengrocers in its Asda stores from April to boost the choice of fresh fruit and vegetables. The supermarket confirmed in September 2021 that it would appoint 150 specialist greengrocers in stores UK wide. At the time, Asda stated: “Asda has today announced it is appointing 150 specialist in-store Greengrocers in stores across the UK as part of a £9million investment to increase the choice and quality of fresh fruit and vegetables available in store. “The new Greengrocer roles, which are expected to be filled by a combination of existing colleagues and new hires, are being appointed exclusively to focus on Asda’s fresh produce offer in store. “They will be based on the shop floor and will have responsibility for quality standards, product availability and presentation of the produce area, as well as being on hand to support customers when required." READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home This began in October 2021. Mike Snell, Managing Director of Asda’s fresh produce division, IPL, added: “The fresh produce section is one of the most popular locations in our stores and more than half of our best-selling lines by volume are generated from this area. “We know how proud our colleagues are about product quality and store standards and we are making this investment to enhance the experience our customers receive when shopping for fresh fruit and vegetables.” Clearly the initiative has been a success, with Asda deciding to ramp up the service. It will be offered to a further 100 UK Asda stores, making the total an impressive 250. However, there are 633 Asda locations in the UK, meaning there is scope to expand the initiative even further if it continues to succeed. Asda customers will benefit from the specialist knowledge of the new greengrocers. Like the October recruits, those in this new role will “receive specialist training in all aspects of Asda’s fresh produce operation”. This will range from “how and where fruit and vegetables are grown to the optimum conditions in which products should be stores and displayed to maintain freshness and quality”. In October, Asda invested to offer customers “a greater choice of premium fruit and vegetables from its Extra Special tier”. Additionally, the supermarket invested in “new fixtures and fittings to improve the presentation and layout of its fresh produce section”. A list of new stores with newly appointed greengrocers has not yet been released. These new changes come as other supermarkets have updated their stores. Tesco recently axed fresh produce counters including meat, fish and deli in a whopping 317 stores, with Sainsbuys’s following suit. Moshin Issa, co-owner of Asda is “happy to commit to whatever we need” to reclaim its spot as he second largest UK supermarket, as reported by the Grocery Gazette. It is currently third, with Sainsbury’s the second largest and Tesco taking the top spot.