Robson Green stars in Grantchester this evening at 9pm on ITV. Tonight’s episode sees DI Geordie Keating attempt to tackle a murder case, after a homeless person is found dead in the doorway of Leonard’s cafe. Geordie suspects that the murder may be connected to two previous unsolved cases, which could mean there is a killer on the loose targeting the homeless. Robson has portrayed Geordie in the gritty ITV drama for the past eight years, firstly starring alongside James Norton, and later Tom Brittney.The actor first found mainstream success in the Nineties, when he starred as Fusilier Dave Tucker in ITV military drama Soldier Soldier, while the following decade he played Dr Tony Hill in crime drama Wire in the Blood.Robson has also presented a number of tv shows, including Extreme Fishing, Tales from Northumberland and Robson Green’s Australian Adventure.It was while filming the antipodean nature show that Robson was rushed to hospital after being attacked by a crocodile. Read More: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts The actor explained: “When I was checked over in the local hospital, they asked what had happened and I said, ‘Crocodile attack’”.Robson was thankfully not mauled by the crocodile, however.Instead the creature frightened him and caused him to fall back into a metal pole, injuring himself in the process.Speaking to the Sun Online, Robson continued: “It was actually in a cage and I was out of harm’s way so it wasn’t really dangerous at all. “But stupidly it gave me such a fright that I jumped out of the way and banged my head on the pole.“I can say legitimately that I got a cut on my head from a crocodile attack.”Robson's greatest concern was the damage he may have caused to his appearance.  He said: “It was quite embarrassing actually because I was genuinely upset that I'd hurt myself and got a cut on my head.Don't Miss:Robson Green fumed at people on social media: ‘Infested with morons'[OPINION]Robson Green ‘horror’ after prank went wrong: ‘I s*** myself’[INSIGHT]Robson Green's joke at music with Jerome: 'Highlight when we stopped'[ANALYSIS] “I screamed, I hurt my head, there was blood.“For an instant I thought, ‘What the hell am I going to do?’, because I can’t do anything else.“All I do as an actor is tell stories and my face is my fortune. It’s all I've got.”This was not the first time Robson was attacked by a wild animal. While filming Tales From The Coast in 2017, Robson went snorkelling with seals.Donned in diving gear, he kept a polite distance  seal pups approached him and began nibbling at his fingers.Bobbing in the water the actor said: “I truly believe if you love nature and look after it, then it will love you and look after you back.” Ironically, Robson was then attacked by a large bull male seal who barrelled at the actor’s chest and began snapping at his arms.The actor was subsequently hailed out of the water by the boat crew.Watch Grantchester at 9pm on ITV.