Anxiety can be felt in a number of ways ranging from mild to severe and can be a particularly unnerving experience. While certain situations or environments can trigger anxious feelings, sudden symptoms can catch anyone off-guard. Snapping out of your emotions is easier said than done, but there are a number of scientifically proven methods that can help to manage the most common symptoms. Express.co.uk reveals the best remedies to instantly relieve anxiety. Everyone feels anxious from time to time, though some people are more prone to severe anxiety attacks than others. While there are a number of medications available for diagnosed anxiety disorders, there are also plenty of simple remedies to cope with everyday feelings of uncertainty or anxiety. A racing heart or knotted stomach can make you eager to shake these feelings, but David Rosmarin, associate professor of psychology at Harvard Medical School, says that rushing to get rid of your anxiety can actually make it worse. READ MORE: Dementia: The breakfast habit associated with a '4 times' higher risk The first step to reducing anxiety is to validate your feelings and accept that it is okay to express your emotions. David Rosmarin, PhD said: “When you worry about getting rid of your anxiety, you’re signalling your nervous system that you have even more to be anxious about. And that makes your anxiety worse.” Allowing your anxiety to run its course in the moment can actually reduce it, the less you fight it. Accept your anxiety by sharing your feelings with someone you trust or think back to a time when you were able to control similar symptoms - you can do it again by gathering your thoughts. Breathlessness, dizziness and nausea can all be managed with some simple breathing techniques. These work so well because they focus your attention on one thing which you can take complete control of. Leading meditation site Headspace said: “Deep belly breathing helps decrease anxiety by stimulating the body’s relaxation response, lowering our heart rate and blood pressure. It’s a powerful technique that works because we can’t breathe deeply and be anxious at the same time.” While there are countless variations of controlled breathing patterns, the four-square technique is particularly effective and easy to remember. All you need to do is: DON'T MISS:Over a quarter of cat and dog owners don't know pets can get dementia [INSIGHT]Adam Lambert health: 'I've dealt with my share' - star on his struggle [REVEAL]Zendaya health: Actress on 'the key' to help anxiety [ANALYSIS] Nervous or anxious energy can leave you feeling shaky and unnerved. The best way to physically shake off these symptoms is to channel your energy into a form of exercise.If you’re sitting down, stand up and stretch or go for a brisk walk. The experts at First Aid for Life recommend engaging in regular exercise to reduce the body’s stress hormones and stimulate the production of endorphins. Known as “happy hormones”, endorphins and serotonin will boost your mood while acting as a natural painkiller. 