Gary Neville last week launched a furious rant about the Glazers, but he is far from the first Manchester United legend to show his anger at his former club's owners. United have endured an awful season, with more questions being raised about the hierarchy's direction of the Red Devils. The latest low point came on Tuesday when United were dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid. In the aftermath of that defeat, Neville blasted the club's owners for failing to show the transparency that they promised following the collapse of the Super league breakaway. "Something big is missing, and it comes from the top. We've said before about owners, it comes from the top. We heard Joel Glazer say some time ago he was going to engage with the fans - flights are open Joel, you can get to Manchester. Let's see you over here, let's see you talk to the fans properly," he told the Gary Neville Podcast. "Explain that vision, you've got a new CEO in place, you can't just leave it to the new CEO. You've got to come over. You said off the back of the Super League you were going to change the way you operated the club and he was going to come over and see the fans. He's not done [that], not that I know anyway unless he's slipped in without me knowing." READ MORE: Man Utd already have their own hybrid of 'Messi and Ronaldo' Neville's comments follow those of fellow United legend Paul Scholes nearly a year ago, with little progress appearing to have been made since then. Last April, the former midfielder accused the Glazers of prioritising making money over on-pitch performance. "The most important thing for the fans now is what happens on the football pitch and if you look at the last four or five years at Manchester United; the resources, the money that this club has had, and it’s not won a trophy for four years. It’s absolutely ridiculous," he told BT Sport. "The Glazers chose a man to represent them, to run the football club, who is brilliant at making money, funnily enough, that’s exactly what they want, but has the football side been neglected through that? I don’t think that Ed was a football man, I think David Gill was great at making money, commercial, but he was a football man, he knew what the club needed." DON'T MISS: Man Utd urged to sell Ronaldo and eight others in summer clearout (INSIGHT)Man Utd given Ronaldo worry by Juventus chief after plans emerge (TRANSFERS)Liverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top target (NEWS) The botched announcement of the Super League, which United were thought to be key drivers of, prompted a wave of fan protests. And Roy Keane quickly followed Scholes to send the Glazers a warning about their poor ownership of the Red Devils. “It’s been building up over the last few years – disappointment in communication, stuff going on in the backroom, tickets, whatever it might be. The leadership of the club has not been good enough, when they look at the owners and feel it’s just about making money. The statement today is huge for the game to be called off," he told Sky Sports last year. “Sometimes you have to put a marker down for people to take notice and this will go all over the world now and people will have to sit up and take note. Hopefully the owners of Man United will say 'these fans are deadly serious' and there’s more to come. This is just the start of it for United fans, mark my words."