Mr Biden and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen have announced a joint Task Force to help Europe completely scupper energy ties with Russia amid its brutal attack on Ukraine. The EU had been lagging behind its Western allies in terms of sanctioning Russia's energy sector due to its huge dependence on Putin. Around 40 percent of Europe's gas was supplied by Russia, sparking fears that sanctions could backfire on the bloc. But now, the US has stepped in by helping the EU to diversify its liquefied natural gas (LNG), presenting itself as an alternative supplier. The US has said it will work to supply 15 billion cubic metres (bcm) LNG to EU markets this year. In a joint conference with Mr Biden, Ms von der Leyen said: "We aim to reduce this dependency on Russian fossil fuels and get rid of it. This can only be achieved through...additional gas supplies, including LNG deliveries. "We as Europeans want to diversify away from Russia towards suppliers that we trust, that are our friends, that are reliable. "Therefore, the US commitment to provide the European Union with additional at least 15 billion cubic metres of LNG this year is a big step in this direction because this will replace the LNG supply we currently receive from Russia." The EU had hinted at ramping up deliveries from the US as part of its new energy strategy - REPowerEU - published earlier this month. The plot detailed the blueprint to permanently scupper energy ties with Putin by 2030, and phase out oil and gas imports by two thirds by the end of 2022. According to the Fact Sheet published by the White House, the Commission will be working with EU member states to ensure they can receive about 50 bcm of additional LNG until at least 2030. But it was not clear made clear whether this referred to amounts on top last year's 22 bcm of US exports to the bloc. The latest announcement will likely leave Putin holding his breath as the bloc's plan appears to be coming into action, paving the way for fresh sanctions as EU leaders meet in Brussels for a second day today to discuss the fifth round of punishments. READ MORE: India comes to Russia's rescue and orders 15 MILLION barrels of oil The bloc had already boosted efforts to secure more LNG after talks with a number of major suppliers from around the globe, even before publishing its masterplan to batter Putin's energy empire. In January, record deliveries of 10 bcm of LNG came from more than 120 vessels. And the US supplied 4.4 bcm that month, which is about double the usual amount it sends in January. Ms von der Leyen said that the US' latest commitment to supply an additional 15 billion cubic metres (bcm) would replace one third of Russian gas supplies to the EU. She said: "Looking ahead, the United States and Europe will ensure stable demand and supply for additional at least 50 billion cubic metres of U.S. LNG until 2030. DON'T MISS Lithuania breaks ranks to set example by 'abandoning' Russia energy [REVEAL] UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [INSIGHT] Katya Adler outlines why VDL's energy plan will be CRUSHED [REPORT] "We need to secure our supplies not just for next winter but also for the years ahead. "Our partnership aims to sustain us through this war." This also comes after Putin said on Wednesday that a list of “unfriendly” countries, including EU members and the US, would only be allowed to purchase gas using Russian rubles. He said: "I made the decision to implement within the shortest possible time the package of measures to transfer payments — we will start with that — for our natural gas supplied to the so-called ‘unfriendly’ states to Russian rubles." Experts suspect this is Putin’s attempt to swerve fresh sanctions. "This is an attempt to break sanctions, to weaken the resolve of the West.” But Mr Biden’s national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, confirmed that the agreement with the EU would be announced on Friday, giving the bloc more leeway to sanction Russia. 