Hallelujah for that! “The Prime Minister is moving in the right direction, and he’s absolutely right that we’ve got to stop caving in to the net zero fanatics,” says Craig Mackinlay, chairman of the Net Zero Scrutiny Group of Conservative MPs. Rocketing fuel pump prices and home heating bills require a new clarity when it comes to recalibrating UK energy policy to serve our hard-pressed families and not a foreign warlord. Generating our own oil and gas means we will not only have plentiful supplies but we can sell this bounty to Europeans threatened by Russia. For too long, net-zero ideology has dominated government departmental thinking and thrown bureaucratic hurdles in front of our oil and gas industries. It’s good news that the positivity shown by Mr Johnson is encouraging Shell to look again at exploring the Cambo oil field off the west coast of Shetland with a potential reservoir of 170 million barrels of oil COP26 summit, Shell feared the net-zero political atmosphere was too toxic for them to invest in carbon energy exploration. However, the price of crude oil leaping from $70 a barrel to more than $100 is a real incentive to reconsider, plus the Government’s new enthusiasm for making the most of our own energy resources. Scottish leader Nicola Sturgeon, shackled by her green alliance, is on the wrong side of history by still objecting to this exploration and is clearly more concerned about domestic party politics than securing her country’s independence from tyrannical regimes. Last week, Shell resubmitted its application to develop the Jackdaw North Sea gas field off the east coast of Scotland after it was turned down because of environmental regulations. Re-evaluating gas as a necessary transition fuel to net-zero should mean the Government can now see the sense of fast-tracking such requests to make these vast resources available sooner rather than later. Mr Johnson’s begging-bowl visit last week to Saudi Arabia, asking the Middle East regime to pump more oil is not a good international stance to take. US President Joe Biden has been rightly pilloried for asking pariah states such as Venezuela and Iran to sell more oil to America to keep pump prices down when he could be accessing cleaner energy through pipelines from Canada and Alaska. It is purely green ideology that is stopping him from making the wiser choices. Whatever one might think of Donald Trump’s administration, he at least called it right over becoming self-sufficient in oil and gas, making the US an energy net exporter during his presidency. It’s also a fact – according to the US Clean Air Task Force – that Russian natural gas has a 65 percent higher density of greenhouse gas methane compared with Appalachian produced natural gas – with the lowest methane rate in the US. We must do the same in the UK and it seems that the Prime Minister is finally learning the hard lessons made stark by the tragic war in Ukraine. This new energy policy must include more North Sea drilling, removing the moratorium on fracking and a drive towards lower-cost small modular nuclear reactors. The fact is that high energy prices mean high inflation, affecting every part of our economy, including food production. It is no good using taxpayers’ money to soften the impact of higher energy costs with increased benefit payments, as charities are urging Chancellor Rishi Sunak to do in today’s Spring Statement. It is far better to grow our way out of trouble and what better way of doing that than by unleashing our own energy sector, creating thousands of new jobs and selling any excess energy to our friends abroad. Not only will it dent Putin’s bank account but it will bring back economic stability to our own country. That is a worthy vision for our Prime Minister, always at his best when enthusing about our country’s great future.