Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin has opened up on one of her “biggest regrets” as she penned a thoughtful post on Instagram. The podcast host had once given up her favourite hobby - before taking it back up later in life. The 53-year-old had always been a keen swimmer in her youth, but gave it up due to fears that it would change her body. When Louise was 14, she quit the activity because she was worried it was making her shoulders bigger. “I was a good swimmer, “I loved it, and I went every single day,” she explained at The Sun’s International Women’s Day event. “Then one day I looked in the mirror and I thought, ‘Oh gosh, I've got really muscly shoulders. I don’t like them and I know it’s swimming,' so I gave it up. READ MORE: ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence “I find that absolutely devastating to this day.” Louise continued to say that more than 30 years later, she is back into sport in a big way. The star competes in marathons and triathlons all over the world, something she revealed she is incredibly proud of. She admitted she just wished she could tell her younger self not to give up on anything she loved doing.  And when things get tough at home or at work, Louise said it’s throwing herself into exercise that helps her get through. Louise was called out by Chris Evans on his Virgin Radio Breakfast show when she appeared as a guest on Monday. He grilled her on what she has been doing since quitting BBC Breakfast after being at the helm for 20 years. She told Chris and his team: “I've just cycled across Argentina. DON'T MISS... Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS] “That was eight days, so 100 miles a day on the bike; eight days of 100 miles a day.” Chris claimed to have noticed a change in Louise. He observed: “I'm not gonna say you're reborn, but there's definitely something else going on. “There's a wider smile there than I've seen for a long time.”   When asked if the time had “flown by” since she left, Louise said: “It’s gone so quick.” “It went particularly quickly over three weeks when I went to a castle in Wales,” she quipped, referring to her time on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here!. She explained: “They’ve asked me for years,” before adding: “I just thought, ‘I’ve always wanted to do it.’ “You’ve got to live life, haven’t you?"