Former Labour Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott has mistakenly referred to Croatia instead of Ukraine on BBC Politics Live while discussing the Russian invasion. Ms Abbot began talking about Russian tanks rolling into Croatia before having to be corrected by the host. Ms Abbott told Politics Live: "The Russian people and Russian politicians might wish in the end to have an associated settlement. "I mean, one of the things that Putin has got wrong is he seemed to think that his tanks could roll into Croatia." After being corrected, she continued: "Into Ukraine...and because a lot of the eastern provinces are Russian speaking, he wouldn't find it as hard as he has found it." It comes as a Labour MP has claimed that "some oligarchs' lawyers are cracking down on free speech" after the BBC cancelled an interview with him. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG Chris Bryant, who represents the Rhondda in South Wales, suggested his appearance on Radio 5 Live on Tuesday morning had been axed because the broadcaster's lawyers had been unable to "vet" what he was going to say. Ahead of the planned interview, he tweeted: "Interesting bbc5live just cancelled an interview with me at 7.30 because their lawyers couldn't vet what I was going to say beforehand. "I guess some oligarchs' lawyers are cracking down on free speech. "Sad that broadcasters are playing their game."  There is no suggestion such lawyers had any involvement in the decision to cancel the interview. Responding to his comment on Twitter, Radio 5 Live said it was "standard procedure to ask a guest for a briefing before an interview". The statement added: "We had not been able to arrange this and so had not been able to check any legal considerations. "We'd love to have you on another time." DON'T MISS Energy bill warning: Utility prices could rise £1,000 as wholesale oil [REPORT] Britain on red alert as potential Russian cyberattack risks rise [INSIGHT] Panic buying frenzy at UK petrol stations amid Ukraine crisis [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, Labour's shadow defence secretary John Healey urged Britain to support the International Criminal Court prosecutor in his probe into possible war crimes or crimes against humanity in Ukraine. He told Sky News: "It's going to be very hard in the middle of this war, fighting to gather evidence, protect that evidence and investigate the alleged war crimes. "So he will also need resources to do that and technical experts to do that, both of which Britain can supply. "I'd like to see, and Labour would want to see, Dominic Raab and the UK Government throwing their weight behind this as one of the things that we can be doing."