A new ban on parents smacking their children in Wales has been put into place making it a punishable offence, meaning anyone caught doing so risks prosecution for assault. Wales has followed in the footsteps of Scotland after Nicola Sturgeon reinforced the ban back in 2020. The Loose Women panel discussed the ban on Monday's ITV show, and both Ruth Langsford and Coleen Nolan admitted to smacking their kids when they were growing up. The former This Morning host went on to call out the ban, telling her co-stars it was "demonising". "It's demonising, Jane, isn't it? To me...I don't agree...I say I don't agree," Ruth began. "I didn't smack Jack, I can count on three fingers when I did and like you, I had lost my temper and I didn't like it. "I didn't set out and I used different forms of punishment." READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Speaking about her own experience of being smacked as a child, Ruth continued: "I was smacked as a child and when I say that these days it sounds horrific to a lot of people. "Even the words saying, 'I got smacked as a child', but I did, a slap on the back of the legs, my mum used to chase me with a tea towel. "I don't feel scarred by it, changed by it, I didn't feel like I was an abused child. "There are varying degrees, aren't there? It's like saying to all parents, we're abusive." Coleen, who shares son Shane Junior with former EastEnders star Shane Ritchie, admitted she was on the fence about making smacking illegal. "It's really hard because I am definitely not saying you should be allowed to smack your children," she explained. "It's absolutely always been in my case when the boys were little, Shane is 33 now so in my case it was always a last resort. "Unfortunately, I agree normally when I'd just lost my temper and it was never like a wallop." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Abi Franklin flees with Imran Habeeb? [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis attacks teen who went to Ukraine to join army [VIDEO] "But then I never smacked Keira ever because she never needed to be," the panelist admitted. "I don't know because how are they going to police that and it's kind of accusing all parents of being abusive like. "So, I am on the fence with it I really am. If I saw somebody who was really hitting their child, I would be worried and probably report it." Jane Moore went on to agree with Ruth as she pointed out it creates a "demonisation" for parents. The segment left viewers divided, with many sharing their own experiences as a child. Alicia wrote: "I was smacked as a child, I now have a son who is nearly 2 years old. Now I have my own child I wouldn't dream of smacking him! The guilt would overcome me. "There are other ways to discipline and you're only teaching your child that it is right to lash out at others." (sic) Kareema shared: "The only difference between smacking adults and smacking kids is that an adult might smack you back/report you whereas a child likely won’t/can’t. If that power dynamic doesn’t make you feel uncomfortable then maybe you need to have a real think about that." (sic) While Hayley said: "Would be great to get some child psychologists on to talk about how snacking children is not an effective form of discipline #loosewomen if YOU as a parent can’t control your impulses to hit your kid then that’s not your kids' behaviour you need to assess." Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.