Sophie Morgan, 37, has made a large name for herself in the presenting world, being the lead presenter for Channel 4's Summer Paralympics last year and now taking on Crufts. And the presenter previously sustained a spinal cord injury, leaving her paralysed from the waist down, with the star recently opening up about who got her through the devastating ordeal. At just 18, Sophie crashed a car carrying four friends, leaving her with life-changing injuries. Her friends were unharmed, however Sophie's skull became trapped under the overturned car and she ended up with a fractured back, nose and skull. The injury left her in a wheelchair as she was paraylised from the ribs down. In a recent Instagram post, Sophie opened up about who "inspired" her through the life changing part of her life. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update In an Instagram post dated February 5, Sophie posted a series of seven pictures, showing herself getting a tattoo along with pictures of her father. She captioned the post in view of her 41,000 followers: "A few months after my car crash (August 2003), just after I left the spinal unit (RNOH), some friends of my parents invited us to stay with them in Canada. "Having only JUST been paralysed, I was TERRIFIED of travelling. Being on a plane, unable to get myself to the loo, unable to move around independently AND visiting another country, seemed too far out of my comfort zone at that point in my recovery. "But, with my parents' support and encouragement, I soon found myself in the Great Lakes….sitting on a snowmobile!! "Dad and his friend Bill gave me a simple instruction..just follow us and, whatever happens, don’t stop! "And so, off I went, following my dad, my eyes glued to his back, speeding across the lake, racing at 60mph!! (Photo 3)." She continued: "Having been so close to death just a few months prior to this and just starting out on my journey adapting to my paralysis, this was a monumental, transformative, liberating experience that - as dad knew it would - changed my perceptions about what a disabled woman like me could do. "I knew then that even though I was paralysed from the chest down, so long as I could find the right vehicle - and the right attitude - I could still feel free!! DON'T MISS... Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence [INSIGHT] Suspicious package that sparked evacuation ‘sent to Lorraine Kelly' [BREAKING] Lord Sugar offers to send Piers Morgan to Ukraine on private jet [COMMENT] "Fast forward 18 years, and my Dad is still inspiring me to 'drive forwards'. "He’s the kindest, fairest, wisest and most fun-loving soul I know (photo 4). "I aspire to be like him. He always motivates me and has a way of telling me exactly what I need to hear whenever I'm a little stuck." Sophie finished the post telling her viewers that she was getting a tattoo "dedicated" to her father. She added: "I can look at it every day to remind me of everything he has taught me. I love you Dad!" Sophie has had a long career, taking part in BBC Two's Beyond Boundaries just nine months after her accident. Since then she has hosted License to Kill, The World's Worst Place To Be Disabled?, Horizon, The One Show and Channel 4 News. She was also one of the main presenters for the 2012 and 2016 Paralympics for Channel 4, along with 2021's coverage too. You can watch Crufts today on Channel 4 from 3pm