Men Behaving Badly was a classic British sitcom from the 90s that ran for six seasons. A total of 42 episodes aired with Gary Strang (played by Martin Clunes) and his flatmates at the heart. Neil Morrissey played Tony Smart in the comedy series, which originally aired on ITV, and in a recent interview he opened up about the prospect of a revival. Men Behaving Badly was known and loved for its gang of laddish characters. They spent most of their time drinking in front of the TV and pursuing women. Neighbour Deborah Burton (Leslie Ash) became the talk of the group after she moved in upstairs. Morrissey, 59, said the series would not go down well in 2022 unless his character became "completely woke". Caroline Quentin, 61, played girlfriend Dorothy along with actress Ash. Read more: EastEnders theory: Walford business bankrupt as family divided? Morrissey said he would love to record new episodes of the series. However, the way they objectified women would be frowned upon in today's society. He said: "It's all about the script. If Simon [Nye] writes something marvellous, we’d obviously have a look at it. "I don’t know if we could make it again now, though. It’s not woke enough, is it? Putting ladies’ underpants on my head… things like that. "I guess Leslie was objectified a bit by my character." The star said the point of the series was that the lads were seen as "misogynist idiots who couldn’t keep a job, let alone a girlfriend". He added: "I don’t know if it would work [now], but it would be fun trying. "The way to do it would be to have the wokeness involved, in that Tony is so PC it’s unbelievable." "They would just have to have lapses after several beers on the sofa,” as reported by The Star. DON'T MISSWhy is The Repair Shop not on tonight? [INSIGHT]Gordon Ramsay insists ‘Queen swears’ in Prince Andrew jibe live on air [INTERVIEW]Top Boy's Ashley Walters speaks out on Hackney filming challenges [INSIGHT] Regarding the show's initial reception, critics said it enabled viewers to indulge in laddism. Female viewers were able to point fingers and joke about the useless Tony and Gary. The series acted as a springboard for the main stars and boosted their careers. Originally airing on ITV, the network decided viewership ratings were insufficient. In 1994, the BBC aired the first of a further four series, and the later time slot meant the characters could use 'post-watershed' language. The show went down a hit on the BBC and there were even talks of a revival back in 2002. It was not until October 2014 that Clunes and Morrissey reprised their roles for a Channel 4 sketch in The Feeling Nuts Comedy Night. Morrissey said he and Clunes often spoke about whether the show could return. They joked about how they would ask for huge fees as part of a “retirement gig”.