Scottish Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser accused some members of the SNP's leadership of exploiting the war in Ukraine to further the nationalists' cause. He claimed the party's president, Michael Russell, looked at pictures of Russian tanks rolling into a sovereign state and drew an analogy with Scotland's position in the UK. Mr Fraser, writing in The Scotsman, said: "It is distasteful for someone to look at the pictures of families fleeing to escape the clutches of Putin’s thugs, and think: 'I can exploit this'. "But that, sadly, seems to have been the reaction of some within the leadership group of the Scottish National Party." He argued that Mr Russell’s "little Scotlander" outlook was worse than saying Ukraine is "a faraway land of which he knows little". The MSP for Mid Scotland and Fife wrote: "He sees the pain of the people in a faraway land and decides it is something of which he can make much in his own.  "As the world unites in solidarity with Ukraine, for Russell to raise his hand and claim any similarity with Scotland is surely beyond the pale." He claimed that the SNP is trying to build a narrative of Scotland being wronged and any country facing oppression from a foreign foe is just like it. Mr Fraser urged: "[P]erhaps we should reflect on our collective inaction which may have contributed to what is happening now. "What we do not need to do is add our own version of delusional nationalism to a situation that is so tragic and so grave."   READ MORE ABOUT THE UK SENDING ANTI-AIR MISSILES TO UKRAINE The Scottish Tory's comments come after Mr Russell said Scotland's response to Russia's invasion must be "shorn of jingoism" and "vigorous in the absolute and consistent defence of self determination". Mr Russell, in an article published on the SNP website, wrote: "The right of people to choose how they are governed and by whom is an absolute and must be universally applied, respecting each and every democratic mandate. "Nor can that right be circumscribed by history – just because something was, doesn’t mean it will always continue to be so whether that be rule from Moscow, or the result of an eight-year-old referendum." First Minister Nicola Sturgeon wants a second independence referendum put before Scots before the end of 2023.   DON'T MISS: Woman arrested as student is murdered and raped [LATEST] Pensioners at sheltered housing block furious with music and parties [REPORT] BBC's Nick Robinson frostily shuts down Putin defender over shelling [REVEALED] Ms Sturgeon recently repeated her commitment to an independence referendum next year in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. She said she wanted an independent Scotland to be a country that "welcomes refugees" in a veiled dig at Westminster over the number of Ukrainians fleeing the war who have so far been welcomed to the UK. The SNP press office referred to Ms Sturgeon's comments on LBC as reported by the Daily Record in response. In an interview with the radio station, Ms Sturgeon was asked if the conflict had influenced her referendum timetable.  She replied: "My plans and my thinking hasn't changed. We, right now, should be reminded, above all else, how lucky we are to live in a free democracy where we can put forward our case for political constitutional change, argue that case passionately, whatever our views on that might be, and trust people to decide." Ms Sturgeon continued: "I support independence for a whole variety of reasons, but one of the motivations for my support for independence is to see Scotland play a bigger role, albeit as a small country, in building a more peaceful world, to be a progressive, constructive international partner, to be a progressive country that welcomes refugees. "And sees Scotland as a place of sanctuary, a country that sees the benefits we stand to gain from having people come here and make a contribution to our society.  "And, actually, all of these issues right now, I think are brought into sharp focus by the tragedy that is unfolding in Ukraine." The SNP's leader in Westminster, Ian Blackford, has hinted, however, that the timetable may have to be flexible. He said: "I want that referendum to take place in a timely manner. I want us to be able to execute the mandate that we have. "To those that are expressing a desire for us to get on with our job, of course, we will do so, but we have to be mindful of where we are." 