Counsellors of State are appointed by Letters Patent to act in place of Queen Elizabeth II at times when she cannot undertake her official duties as Sovereign. By law, Counsellors of State include the Sovereign's spouse and the next four people in line to the throne, who are over the age of 21. The current Counsellors of State are Prince Charles, Prince William, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew. The Duke of Sussex and the Duke of York remain Counsellors of State despite no longer being working royals. Harry and his wife Meghan Markle famously left the Firm in January 2020. They now live in Montecito, a gated neighbourhood in California just up the coast from Los Angeles. They have signed deals with streaming giants Spotify and Netflix and launched their own non-profit, Archewell. They have also agreed not to use the term ‘royal’ in their commercial activities and have given up their royal patronages and military associations. Prince Andrew stepped down from his royal duties amid growing backlash over his Jeffrey Epstein connections in the aftermath of his November 2019 interview with BBC Newsnight. JUST IN: Royal Family LIVE: 'Disturbing' Meghan Markle fumes at 'absurd' lawsuit from half-sister In August 2021, Virginia Giuffre filed a lawsuit against the Duke. The suit alleged Prince Andrew sexually assaulted Ms Giuffre as a teenager on multiple occasions — Andrew consistently denied these allegations. Prince Andrew’s legal team sought to have the case dismissed, but in January 2022, Judge Kaplan denied the bid for dismissal. Following this, the Duke was stripped of his royal patronages and military titles. However, last month, Ms Giuffre and Andrew announced a settlement in the case. A royal expert has said it’s “bizarre” that the Palace has not moved to replace Harry and Andrew, particularly because the other Counsellors of State, Prince William and Prince Charles, will be heading on Royal Tours later this month. Daily Mirror royal editor Russell Myers told the Pod Save The Queen podcast: “You’ve got the four Counsellors of State that are currently in place: Charles, William, Andrew and Harry. “Now, if two of those Counsellors of State are no longer working royals and the other two are away abroad on behalf of foreign office or the Crown — then it just seems utterly bizarre that there has not been some movement to try and replace Harry and Andrew. “The Palace are still not relenting on it; they’re just saying it isn’t a conversation that they’re having with the Government now, which I find absolutely extraordinary.” Concerns for the Queen’s health have been heightened since she spent a night in hospital in October and was ordered by doctors to rest.  DON’T MISS'Always hard to get Mia to go' Mike Tindall opens up on struggle daughter 'doesn't like' [LATEST]Prince William’s friends had ‘a problem’ with Kate: ‘Social divide created tensions’  [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS]  More recently, the monarch has recovered from a bout of COVID-19. Her Majesty returned to royal engagements earlier this week by virtually hosting the new ambassadors of Andorra and Chad. Both Prince William and Prince Charles have been undertaking public engagements on behalf of the Queen. On Tuesday, William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, returned to Wales for their first joint royal visit since November 2020, while the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall visited Southend to officially mark its new city status in honour of the late Sir David Amess. It has been speculated that Prince Charles and other senior royals will “step up” and help lighten the load for the 95-year-old sovereign. Since he stepped down in 2020, the Duke of Sussex has briefly returned to the UK twice but neither time with his wife nor his children. He has launched a claim for a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to allow him to pay for police protection while he and his family are in the UK. The Duke of Sussex "does not feel safe" in the UK under the current security arrangements, according to his lawyer Shaheed Fatima QC. It is unclear whether Harry will return for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Andrew has remained out of the limelight since his settlement with Virginia Giuffre. However, Kerene Barefield, Executive Producer for True Royalty TV, said Prince Andrew is holding onto the hope he “still has a future” within the Royal Family. She told Fox News: “Royal experts shared, by speaking to friends of the Duke of York, that he still believes he has a future as a royal. “The language that he used in his statement [sent to US judge Lewis Kaplan to confirm the settlement in principle], like the fact he will be helping sex trafficking victims, could be seen as him trying to reposition himself and reinvent himself in the eyes of the public.”