A total of nine cars were lifted from Gleniffer Braes Country Park in Paisley, Renfrewshire, yesterday, on Wednesday. The manufacture date of some of these vehicles dated back to the 80s and 90s. These cars are understood to have been resting in the water at Lower Glen Dam for years. It is owned by Scottish Water. The reservoir has not, however, been used for drinking water. It is reported the removal of the nine cars was a “delicate” process requiring much preparation. Scottish Water worked with the Scottish Environment Protection Agency, the Ayrshire Rivers Trust and contractors George Leslie Ltd to get the job done. During the project, locals were asked to keep a distance to ensure the smooth running of events. The water level of the reservoir also had to be gradually lowered before the removal took place to ensure minimal damage was done to the local environment. Project Manager Gerry O’Hara told the SWNS news agency: “We’ve listened to community concerns about the vehicles being in the water. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Rejoiners attack Tory MP after odd free movement call “Now is the time to act. “This is such a delicate and sensitive operation and has been months in the planning to ensure there is as little impact on the environment as possible and that our teams are safe. “Restrictions are in place for everyone’s safety. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] “We would ask visitors to Gleniffer Braes Country Park to respect all signage around the reservoir while these works are carried out.” Images show the cars – completely, and unsurprisingly sodden with mud – being pulled out of the bottom of the reservoir. Ayrshire Rivers Trust said that following the removal, it would carry out what was described as a fish rescue operation. The water levels will also be re-raised to its previous level once the project is fully competed. The reservoir has an earth embankment dam on the course of the Glen Burn. It is likely authorities will now take extra precautions to ensure it is not used again for the illegal dumping of spent vehicles.