The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are in the Central American country on a royal tour of the Caribbean. Yesterday, March 22, the couple marked the third day of the tour by visiting an iconic Mayan monument in the Chiquibul Forest, before attending an evening reception in honour of the Queen. Kate Middleton chose a floor-length gown for the occasion. Designed by royal favourite The Vampire’s Wife, the gown was pink and shimmering, featuring short, slightly ruffled sleeves and a belted waist. Named the Light Sleeper dress, the gown costs £2,500 on The Vampire’s Wife website. Kate paired this with silver peep-toe Jimmy Choo shoes and a white clutch bag with Mayan embroidery. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms As for jewellery, the Duchess wore huge dangling statement earring from London-based South Asian luxury couture designer O’nitaa. The earrings, made of uncut crystal stones, cost £290. Kate last wore the jewels when visiting Pakistan in October 2019. The dress, however, was new, but Kate has worn garments from British designer The Vampire’s Wife in the past. DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] In March 2020, the Duchess wore a similar shimmering dress to her pink one for a visit to Ireland – but in green. The gown had three-quarter sleeves with ruffles at their ends, as well as a frilled hem. It was also midi in length. Named the Falconetti, the ruffled midi dress also comes in gold and costs £1,116.50. Last night, Kate had swept her brunette locks back behind her ears and her make-up was minimal – giving her a natural look. Interestingly, the Duchess had straightened her hair, instead of leaving it in its natural waves or curling it. Before the reception, Kate and William had enjoyed a day packed full of activities, including a visit to the Mayan site of Caracol. For the day’s events, the Duchess chose to don a pair of G-Star green trousers and a white t-shirt. The t-shirt is the John Lewis Double Front Scoop neck top, which has already sold out online due to it being worn by Kate. The trousers, which Kate had accessorised with a chunky brown belt, were from G-Star Raw and cost £91.17. The Duchess finished the look with a pair of Ray-Ban original Wayfarer classic sunglasses, costing £124.95. As for shoes, she donned her £49.38 white Superga Cotu classic trainers. Royal fans were quick to comment on Kate’s evening look last night, taking to Instagram to express their opinions. Anna Wallis Brown wrote: “Absolutely stunning!” Instagram user @evygye said: “Great colour! Love the earrings as well.” Aimee commented: “She looks amazing.”