After 14 days, Ukraine believes there have been as many as 11,000 Russian troop casualties and extensive military equipment has been destroyed. The Cabinet minister said that Moscow's "arrogance" was seeing its slow failure to take over the country and that the Kremlin lacked "the moral component often necessary for victory". "Of the initial Russian objectives, I can announce to the House, it is our assessment that they have been successful in achieving only one," Mr Wallace told MPs this afternoon. "The Ukrainian armed forces have put up a strong defence while mobilising the whole population. "President Putin's arrogant assumption that he would be welcomed as a liberator has deservedly crumbled as fast as his troops' morale." He said Russian forces were in control of a number of cities in the south of Ukraine, but had not yet take control of key cities in the north and were still struggling to gain "total air dominance" in the skies. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG The Defence Secretary praised the strength shown by the Ukrainian people as he pledged Britain would continue to help in any way it can. The UK is providing defensive and lethal aid to the country in order to tackle the might of the Red Army. Outlining the extent of Britain's cooperation for the first time today, Mr Wallace said the UK had now supplied 3,615 anti-tank weapons to Ukraine, will shortly be supplying a small consignment of Javelin anti-tank missiles and is looking at sending Starstreak high-velocity manned portable anti-air missiles. He told MPs: "On January 17, I announced to the House the Government's intention to supply military aid to the Ukrainian armed forces. "The initial supply was to be 2,000 new light anti-tank weapons, smaller arms and ammunition. "In response to further acts of aggression by Russia we have now increased that supply. "I can update the House as of today we will have delivered 3,615 NLAWs (anti-tank missiles) and will continue to deliver more. "We will shortly be starting the delivery of small consignments of anti-tank Javelin missiles as well." While praising the resistance shown by Ukraine so dar, the minister gravely warned the attacks on cities such as Kiyv were likely to get worse in the days ahead. He admitted Putin's military campaign would "get more brutal and more indiscriminate". So far approximately 1,000 Ukrainians have died in the fight for the country's future. "We should take strength from the peoples right across Europe who are standing shoulder to shoulder to protect our values, our freedom, our tolerance, our democracy and our free press," Mr Wallace added striking a defiant note. DON'T MISS:Russia's invasion backfires as Arctic blast will freeze Putin's men [INSIGHT]Ex-EU chief Donald Tusk takes swipe at Boris Johnson [REACTION]Ukrainian Ambassador shames UK 'bureaucratic hassle' for visas [WATCH] As Britain continues to lead the way in arming Ukrainians fighting on the front line, there are concerns in Government that British troops want to personally travel to Eastern Eastern Europe to defend the country from Russia's onslaught. It comes after two weeks ago Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she would support Britons fighting in Ukraine. However, despite her comments, British soldiers will be breaking the law if they head to Ukraine to fight. A serving 19-year-old in the Queen's Guard is thought to have left his post to fight in Eastern Europe. A further three soldiers have also gone AWOL with concerns they are heading to fight for Ukraine. The Ministry of Defence is currently scrambling to try and locate those they fear are ready to head overseas. Speaking this morning on ITV, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps warned Britons eager to travel to the front line, they would be creating a "dangerous situation". He told ITV's Good Morning Britain: "You cannot go and fight if you're in the British Army, you cannot just get up and go and fight. "Of course that's inappropriate behaviour and you would expect the army to have some very, very strict rules in place, as they do." Asked what Russia might do if a British soldier was captured or killed, he added: "There's a big difference between Britain sending its army in and some people who are breaking with our law and going to do it. "But, clearly, this is a dangerous situation. "And clearly, we want to make sure that the assistance we're providing is done in an official way - like the anti-tank missiles that we provided prior to and during this conflict, and like the 22,000 Ukrainians that we've trained." A Ministry of Defence spokesman last night warned all service personnel are banned from travelling to Ukraine. He said: "This applies whether the Service Person is on leave or not. "Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences." 