  Hollywood actress Scarlett Johansson has shared a part of her past that she feels “ashamed” of, in a candid interview. The star admitted that she hoped to keep the detail a secret from her kids.      Scarlett, 37, is a proud mother of two, having recently given birth to her second child last year. The Black Widow actress shares her seven-month-old son Cosmo with her husband Colin Jost and a daughter named Rose, seven, whom she shares with ex-husband Romain Dauriac. During an appearance on The Drew Barrymore Show yesterday, Scarlett answered questions for Drew Barrymore's The Final 5 segment. The Marvel star then went on to reveal the one thing she hopes her children never know about her. READ MORE: Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason'     "My daughter may have asked me this before," she admitted. "I used to smoke when I was younger and I'm so ashamed. “I just don't want her to ever think that I ever thought it was cool 'cause she can never, ever, ever smoke’. "Because that's what you do,” she quipped with a bemused look.      “You forbid your kids from doing things and then they don't do them. “So yeah, I just hope she never figures that out.” Scarlett married Rose’s father, French journalist Romain, in 2014 before getting divorced three years later. The Lost in Translation actress married Saturday Night Live’s Weekend Update host Colin in 2020. READ MORE... Meghan's move poses 'problem' amid sister Samantha Markle's woes [NEWS] Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [NEWS] Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse [LATEST]     The star was previously married to Canadian actor Ryan Reynolds between 2008 and 2011. Ryan also moved on, marrying Gossip Girl actress Blake Lively in 2012. In 2019, Ryan actually appeared in a Weekend Update skit hosted by Colin on Saturday Night Live. The sketch appeared to go down well, with Colin eliminating any awkwardness as he finished the skit by referring to Ryan as his “best friend”.      Colin and Scarlett began dating in May 2017 before he proposed two years later. Speaking to Vanity Fair about being pregnant with Cosmo, Scarlett reflected: “I realised when I was pregnant with my son, it’s funny how much stuff people put on you when you’re pregnant — their hopes or their judgement or their desire, a lot of that is put on pregnant women.” Johansson explained that she’s even experienced criticism about her pregnant body from her close female friends: “You expect it from men, but from women, it’s like, ‘Come on girl, you’ve been through it.’” “I feel like a lot of things have moved forward in the past five years in terms of women’s empowerment, but that thing remains sort of in the Dark Ages,” she said. “So much judgement it’s crazy.”   