Arsenal star Emile Smith Rowe has recovered from the illness which kept him out of last Thursday's dramatic win over Wolves. The England international was pictured in training on Tuesday ahead of this weekend's trip to Watford. However, not all of Mikel Arteta's first-team squad could be seen. Smith Rowe played a starring role in Arsenal's win over Brentford 10 days ago. But he was forced to sit out of the clash with Wolves due to sickness. So the return to training of Arsenal's top scorer this season will be music to the ears of Arteta. The Arsenal squad were put through their paces at the Emirates on Tuesday. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball  However, Takehiro Tomiyasu could not be seen in the pictures released by the club. The Japan star was the only first-team player not involved in training. Tomiyasu is nursing a calf injury he picked up last week. He had only just returned from one calf injury, only for him to suffer damage to the other leg. DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Man Utd 'open talks' with Declan Rice alternative as director spotted at Old Trafford [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel erupts at reporter over Roman Abramovich question [QUOTES]  Tomiyasu has not played since the 2-0 Carabao Cup semi-final second leg defeat to Liverpool in January. Arteta says the problem has hampered the 23-year-old for months. “It’s the other calf,” said Arteta. “He came back, he was training and he felt the other calf.  “It is an issue because he’s a professional that is giving absolutely everything to help us and in the last few months he’s not been fit.” Arsenal are well placed to push for a spot in the Premier League top four this season. They currently sit sixth in the table, two points behind Manchester United in fourth with three games in hand. Keeping Smith Rowe fit could be key to Arsenal finishing the season on a high.  Arteta says the reason for his fine goalscoring form is the work he puts in on the training ground. "The numbers should be looking something like this and that's not a coincidence," Arteta said. "He's practising every day, he is working, he has willingness to do it because he knows he has the qualities and the capacity to do it. "That's what we have to demand from players whether they are 19 or 20 or 35. "I think it's [down to] a combination of everything. It's in his nature, he needs to feel that confidence and that trust around the coaching staff that we are the right people to guide him and to take him to the next level."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here