Traditionally, state pension age was 60 for women and 65 for men, but it then underwent a process of equalisation. Now, both sexes are entitled to retire at the same age - but whether people choose to or not is a different matter entirely. In fact, more people are choosing to work beyond state pension age, despite the retirement age being set to rise further. Nearly 40 percent of ‘Baby Boomers’, meaning those aged 58 to 75, are likely to work beyond state pension age. According to a nationwide study by Dunstan Thomas, the average length of time this group plans to work beyond 66 is 4.3 years. This means many people will be 70 years old when they finally decide to give up work. READ MORE: State pension to rise in two weeks - but 500,000 may miss out Indeed, the current average retirement age of the Baby Boomer generation is rising steadily. The research asserted it now stands at 63.4 years old. The findings suggest the average pre-tax household income of Baby Boomers is approximately in line with the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association’s (PLSA) ‘Moderate’ living standards for a couple living outside of London. This is currently £30,600, for those tracking their income against the guide. DON'T MISSWoman explains 'easy' way she makes extra £200 - 'Given me an income' [INSIGHT]Woman, 70, fears worsening treatment of pensioners [LATEST]'Queen’s telegram, frozen state pension!' 100-year-olds pension plight [EXCLUSIVE] The PLSA’s ‘moderate’ standards allow “more financial security and flexibility”, such as two weeks holiday in Europe each year. However, many are falling short of what is required for a “comfortable” retirement. This includes three weeks holiday in Europe every year, alongside £1,500 per person for clothing and footwear, and a £94 weekly food shop. A comfortable retirement living standard for a couple currently is £49,700 according to the PLSA. This level allows “more financial freedoms and some luxuries”. The living standards figures suggest those in the moderate bracket have a budget for “helping others”. This could include actions such as gifts for grandchildren, or covering the cost of school trips or uniforms for instance. However, the research from Dunstan Thomas’ suggests this level of subsidisation is not properly allowed for in the latest estimates by the PLSA. For example, 23 percent of Baby Boomers are still financially supporting their children in retirement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those aged 72 to 75 believe they will continue to do so for an average of 14.5 years into their retirement. Adrian Boulding, director of retirement strategy at Dunstan Thomas, said: “This level of subsidisation by Boomers is worthy of further investigation. “It has clear implications for the retirement income levels they will need to support their ambitions to help younger generations. “Indeed, these new findings suggest that many retired Boomers may already be living well below the Moderate Retirement Living Standard level outlined by the PLSA once this level of intergenerational subsidisation is factored in.”