Johnny Brown, the actor, comedian and singer has died. He was best known for portraying the housing project superintendent Nathan Bookman on Good Times. Johnny's daughter broke the sad news on Instagram in the early hours of this morning with a picture of her father. She penned: "Our family is devastated. Devastated. Devastated. "Beyond heartbroken. Barely able to breathe." "We respectfully ask for privacy at this time because we need a minute to process the unthinkable. She continued: "To articulate the depths of profound sadness. "This is my mom’s husband for sixty one years, mine and JJ’s dad, Elijah and Levi’s Pop Pop, older brother to George and brother in law to Pat and extended family to Chris, Hihat, Damian and Derell. (sic) "It’s too terrible. It will never not be. It’s a shock. He was literally snatched out of our lives. "It’s not real for us yet. So there will be more to say but not now. "Dad was the absolute best. We love him so very much." Many social media users took to the post's comments to pay their condolences to the late star. Officialdonnamurphy said: "All love & condolences to you and your family Sharon." Cpoppa2 added: "My deepest and most heartfelt condolences to you and your family friend! DON'T MISS... Shane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship [INSIGHT] Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days [COMMENT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] "Sending up prayers of strength, peace, love and grace!" Susiebench commented: "Oh Sharon, I'm so sorry. I remember you glowing whenever you talked about your dad." The cause of Johnny's death has not yet been announced. Johnny had a lengthy career, starting with his appearance in 1966's A Man Called Adam. He was best known for his role as Nathan Bookman in the comedy series Good Times, featuring in 58 episodes between 1975 and 1979, alongside a young Janet Jackson. He also appeared in The Flip Wilson Show, The Jeffersons, Family Matters, The Jamie Foxx Show, and Martin, to name a few. In terms of music, he began recording in the 1960s after touring with Sam 'The Man' Taylor. His debut single Walkin', Talkin', Kissin' Doll was released in February 1961. He married his wife, Jane Russell in 1961, with the pair having two children, Sharon and John Brown Jr.