Peaky Blinders returned with a bang on Sunday as season six of the hit drama arrived on BBC One. The series opener paid tribute to Helen McCrory with Polly Gray being given a touching send-off before the plot jumped four years to focus on Tommy expanding the family business. However, will his determination to grow his empire lead to his family’s downfall? Tommy spent the second half of the first episode in North America as the end of Prohibition brought about new opportunities. The Shelby gang leader was responsible for having his cousin Michael Gray (Finn Cole) imprisoned but will he live to regret his actions? Tommy ordered Gina Gray (Anya Taylor-Joy) to persuade her Uncle Jack to join him in the heroin trade. When she told him “no-deal” he revelled in revealing he would sell to a rival gang instead. Read more: Peaky Blinders season 6: Finn Shelby killed in revenge plot? Tommy is no stranger to making enemies but will his involvement in the heroin trade lead to his downfall? In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, showrunner Steven Knight teased the problems Tommy faces with running the Shelby business. Steven said: “He now walks a tightrope because he is living a respectable life in one way, while still maintaining the sort of underworld life. “So he has to go about things differently and maybe use other people to do sometimes the work that he has to do. “But then other times he has to do himself and I think we'll see that in series six.” Will Tommy’s insistence on having Michael imprisoned before blackmailing Gina’s uncle result in a rival gang coming after the Shelbys? The writer and creator of the show teased fans will be surprised by what’s to come. Steven remarked: “I can guarantee it will [surprise viewers]. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' [INTERVIEW]Jack Nelson Peaky Blinders: Who is Gina Gray's mysterious Uncle Jack? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's death confirmed in Ruby's vision? [THEORY] “The reason sometimes these things are surprising is because I don't know what's going to happen myself when I start writing even the scene never mind the episodes. “So sometimes they are a surprise because I tried to let whatever seems to be about to happen to happen.” Elsewhere in the season six opener, Tommy was forced to cut short his trip when he discovered his daughter was unwell. The gang leader received a telephone call from his wife Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O’Keefe) who told him she and their daughter wouldn’t be able to make their planned trip to Canada. However, when Lizzie revealed Ruby had repeated the Romani words: “Tickna mora o’beng” Tommy panicked and set off back to Birmingham. Detailing the meaning of the phrase, Steven told Digital Spy: "It's difficult to translate from the Romani, but it means 'devil'. “It means a bit more than that, but yeah. So it's not good. It's not a good thing." Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.