A gardening professional who owns a lawn care and gardening company has advised Britons to put scarification at the top of their gardening agenda for April. Sam is the owner of JayRock LawnCare & Gardening. He shares his expert insight into grass care, and posts tips to help Britons have their gardens green and healthy. He hosts the JayRock Lawn Care Gardening Podcast and shares videos on his social media. Scarifying your lawn is one of Sam's top items on his April to-do list. Sam told Express.co.uk: "Scarify your lawn, whether with a spring tine rake or scarification machine. "Lifting thatch and moss out of your lawn will allow your lawn to breath." READ MORE: 'Secret to really lush thick grass': Gardeners' World pro's says cut on a longer setting Lawn enthusiasts can find Sam's pro gardening advice by watching his videos on his Youtube channel and by following his Instagram account @jayrock_lawncare_gardening. Scarifying the lawn helps to make the garden healthier for a number of reasons. It is done with a rake by dragging it across the garden. This helps to remove moss and other organic matter, which can prevent the healthy growth of grass by suffocating the soil. DON'T MISSJapanese knife kills weeds on the lawn - 'gets deep into the ground' [TIP] 'Mini-renovation' guide to fix brown patches in your grass [LAWN] 'Golden rule' technique for cutting grass - 'only ever cut a third off [EXPERT] To scarify your lawn, pull a rake across the grass vigorously. If this kind of movement is not possible, Britons can buy or hire electric scarification machines. The organic matter can be used to create mulch for your flowerbeds. Mulch is used in flowerbeds to suffocate weeds and make the soil nutrient-dense. Start mowing the grass regularly Start by mowing once every week and upping to every five days if growth is rapid. Remove moss from the lawn Kill moss on your lawn with Iron Sulphate. Get rid of weeds It's a great time to apply a weed killer, whether across the whole lawn or spot removing weeds with an item like a hori hori knife. Lay seed If you have bare patches, lay down grass seed to fill the space. Feed the grass Put down a grass feeder to give your garden a boost. Sam recently detailed a product he uses to produce greener grass in just two hours. He called TotalLawn Instant Green a "special product" after using it on his own grass. He said: "Within two hours you are supposed to see and noticeable difference, and I'm guessing the reason why is the main ingredient, chelated iron." After using the product on his lawn, Sam said: "I think you'd agree, the greener colour certainly came through. "I really can't complain. I'm really happy with how that's turned out, even though it was only two hours, the minimum time."