State pension age changes mean men and women can now expect to retire at the same age - rather than 60 for women and 65 for men as it was in the past. But some women born in the 1950s have said these changes were not amply communicated to them, and that they have lost out as a result. Campaign groups such as Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) have drawn attention to the economic and social plight they state they have experienced as a direct result. Now, new analysis has shown the severe impacts of the wait for the justice 1950s-born women are hoping for. Data compiled by Statista has asserted 220,190 women will have died in the seven years since the WASPI campaign first began. Commissioned by Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI), it has been stated the Government will have saved £3.8billion on the compensation likely to be awarded to those affected, as they have since died. READ MORE: State pension under ‘increased pressure’ - rise to 70 possible The figures showed that over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic, one in 10 women who died were affected by these changes, losing out on state pension income they would have otherwise received. WASPI women are also furious about what they have described as a lack of time to make alternative retirement plans. The matter is currently being discussed by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman (PHSO), after a number of women took their complaint to the body. Last year, the PHSO stated it found “failings” in the way the DWP communicated changes to the women’s state pension age. DON'T MISSRishi Sunak may give olive branch of more 'support' to pensioners [INSIGHT]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [ANALYSIS]Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [EXCLUSIVE] It deemed the Department’s actions from 2005 as not up to par, and said it “failed to take adequate account of the need for targeted and individually tailored information”. Angela Madden, WASPI spokesperson, said: “The Government’s strategy of delaying inevitable compensation payments is a cynical attempt to time women out of what they are due." It is worth noting it has not yet been decided whether or not there will be a compensation payout issued to women impacted by these changes. Ms Madden continued: “The Chancellor is effectively banking on the grim reaper saving him more and more money each year, leaving women struggling to pay their bills in retirement and lacking in trust in government. “Since the Ombudsman has already found that women born in the 1950s were mistreated, the right thing to do is to put in place a compensation package right away. “Doing so would end the agony for millions of women who have been emotionally, physically and financially affected by mistakes made in government.” The WASPI campaign is now calling for an immediate one-off compensation payment to assist those impacted by the changes. The group asserts the sum should be between £11,666 and £20,000, with the most given to women who were provided with the shortest notice of the longest increase in their state pension age. Some only became aware of the six year increase to their state pension age a year away from their planned retirement, the group added. The sentiment was shared by Andrew Gwynne MP, Joint Chair for the APPG for state pension inequality for women, who described the figures as “absolutely shocking”. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea He added: “1950s born women have been found to have been victims of DWP maladministration in a wide-ranging investigation conducted by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman. “They were not properly informed of changes to their state pension age and were not given the tailored and targeted information they required to make reasonable adjustments to their retirement plans. “Despite these findings, the Government continues to turn a blind eye and prevaricate on the issue. Enough is enough. Their justice is long overdue.” A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We support millions of people every year and our priority is ensuring they get the help and support to which they are entitled. The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. "Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.”