Doctor Strange 2 is set to hit cinemas on May 6 and it looks primed to be the biggest Marvel event since Avengers: Endgame. Kicking off directly from where Spider-Man: No Way Home ended, the sorcerer is left to pick up the pieces from Spidey's multiverse-cracking adventure. The second trailer set social media alight with the re-introduction of Patrick Stewart’s Professor X fronting the mysterious Illuminati. Now, a leaker has revealed the identities of the other members of this cosmic think-tank.  The Illuminati is a major force in Marvel comics, and now they are making their MCU debut. Typically comprised of six members, they represent various groups and factions throughout the universe. They are also some of the most intelligent and powerful begins, putting them above most other organisations. Since the second trailer hit social media, speculation has been running wild on just who could show up in the team, as it has seen a rotating door of members over the years. Other than Patrick Stewart’s Professor X from the X-Men movies, the other five teammates remained a mystery. That is until now. READ MORE: 'I'm a wreck!' Cilla Black 'willed herself to die'  Of course, the following are unsubstantiated rumours and should be taken with a grain of salt. The following leak comes from the Twitter account Moth Culture, which revealed that “each Illuminati member has an assigned chair with a distinct emblem on the back representing each individual’s team/group.” The members are as follows: Captain Carter from Disney Plus' What If…, Reed Richards from the Fantastic 4, Balder the Brave from Asgard and Captain Marvel from Star Force. The latter of which has been the source of much debate, as other fans believe she is actually Tony Stark from another universe, now played by Tom Cruise.       The plot thickens as the same leaker has dropped a major plot point ahead of the film’s release. Mordo, the ex-sorcerer and latest villain for Strange will attack him while he is with the Illuminati. According to the leak: “Before Mordo can kill Doctor Strange, sirens suddenly go off throughout the building. Professor Xavier quickly tells the Illuminati members to either go back to their universes or stay and help fight.” (via Moth Culture). This shows that the members of the group are not from the main MCU and actually come from their own universes, similar to Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield’s Spider-Men in No Way Home. However, there is another villain in the film and it will be a former Avenger.    DON'T MISS...What comics do you need to read ahead of the new Moon Knight TV show [INSIGHT]Doctor Strange 2: Patrick Stewart ‘returning for more MCU outings’ [EXPLAINER]Doctor Strange 2: X-Men Marvel actor confirms cameo in multiverse [INSIGHT]   According to BGR.com, another leaker revealed that Wanda aka Scarlet Witch will attack Strange at the end of the film. It seems this will interrupt the fight with Mordo, leading to an even bigger confrontation. Wanda was briefly seen in a villainous role during the events of WandaVision on Disney Plus, but this would mark the first time she has fully embraced her darker side. When she was first introduced in Avengers: Age of Ultron, she did fight against the Avengers for a short time, though this was only due to a misunderstanding. Wanda is now fuelled by rage and grief since the loss of her children, and will apparently stop at nothing to find them across the multiverse. Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness will premiere in cinemas on May 6.       