Universal Credit could provide far more than just the usual monthly payments recipients get. Nine different entitlements are available to Universal Credit claimants depending on their individual circumstances which could help claimants survive the cost of living crisis.  Britons could be due some of this extra support depending on their circumstances:   Assistance with NHS healthcare costs depends on one’s earnings from their most recent assessment period with those earning £435 or less entitled to free or reduced NHS healthcare costs. If one’s Universal Credit claim includes an element for a child or if they have a limited capability for work and earning £935 or less, they are also entitled to free or reduced NHS healthcare costs. Assistance with housing payments is available for Universal Credit claimants who do not receive enough in their payments to cover rent. Claimants could also be eligible for council tax reductions, which they can apply for straight away without needing their Universal Credit claim to be approved or paid first.     Universal Credit recipients could also get assistance to save, if their household income in their last assessment period was £542.88 or more could open a Help to Save account. This account offers a bonus of 50p for every £1 saved over four years. Universal Credit is a benefit for those looking for work or on a low income and mainly takes into account one’s expenses and income to decide the rate they will receive. EU, EEA or Swiss citizens staying in the UK may need settled or pre-settled status under the EU Settlement Scheme to get Universal Credit.  To claim, Britons must meet all of the below criteria: Additionally, claimants living with their partners will need to make a joint claim for the entire household regardless of whether their partner is actually eligible.  This means that the amount claimants receive are also impacted by their partner’s income and savings. If only one person in a household has reached state pension age they must still claim Universal Credit as a couple although the claim will stop when both parties reach state pension age. Britons who meet any of the following criteria whilst being in full-time education can also make their claim for Universal Credit: