Liverpool's progress to the Champions League quarter finals bumped up their prize money for the current season to an incredible £45.6million won so far with the quadruple potentially bagging them an extra £72.4m. The Reds were far from their best against Inter Milan on Tuesday night as they battled through the round-of-16 tie. It keeps the ultimate dream of a quadruple still alive, although Jurgen Klopp is not entertaining any talk of the possible record mark. Plenty still has to happen for Liverpool to reach that milestone but one trophy is already in the bag following their win over Chelsea in the Carabao Cup. They're also favourites to progress to the FA Cup semi-finals as they face Nottingham Forest in the next round. Liverpool's opponents in the Champions League quarter-finals are yet to be decided however and they will need to vastly improve from their performance against Inter last night to win the European trophy. JUST IN: Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Arsene Wenger  In the Premier League, Liverpool still trail rivals Manchester City by six points, but have a game in hand as well as a trip to the Etihad next month in what will likely decide where the title goes. Manchester United remain the only team to win the 'real' treble after Sir Alex Ferguson led the club to glory in the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup in 1999. But no team in the top five major European leagues has ever won the 'true' quadruple'. Celtic did win the 'true' quadruple in 1966-67 after clinching the European Cup, Scottish First Division, Scottish Cup and Scottish League Cup in the same season. DON'T MISS  City came close in 2019 when they won the Premier League, FA Cup and League Cup but missed out in the Champions League. Winning all four major trophies not only would create history, but would break records for prize money won in a single season. Liverpool have already accumulated nearly £50m in prize money from their exploits in the Champions League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup so far. And, judging on figures from last season, Liverpool are almost certain to receive at least £36m should they finish no lower than second in the Premier League. If the Reds go all the way in the FA Cup then there's an extra £3.06m to be won while £31.8m could also be in their pockets should Liverpool win the Champions League and the UEFA Super Cup. At least £80m is already guaranteed for Liverpool to give Klopp a huge boost in the transfer market. But the historic feat of becoming the first club in Europe's top five leagues to win the 'true' quadruple arguably far outweighs any financial reward on offer. Klopp may be reluctant to entertain any talk of the quadruple, but they're entering uncharted territory where fans will undoubtedly start to dream of the impossible. And the fortune available at the end will come as a sweet reward for Liverpool owners FSG.