Marcus Rashford has released a strong-worded statement in response to fan footage of him confronting supporters outside Old Trafford on Tuesday night. Rashford was caught on camera angrily responding to criticism after Manchester United's Champions League exit against Atletico Madrid. Renan Lodi's 41st-minute back-post header was the difference in United's round-of-16 tie against the La Liga champions. The Red Devils lost 1-0 on the night, and 2-1 on aggregate, after Diego Simeone's age-old tricks worked again on a big European night. Ralf Rangnick called on Rashford to make a difference in the 67th minute, but the confidence-shot forward looked a shadow of his old self again. The 24-year-old has scored just five goals in 26 games this season and is no longer a regular starter amid Anthony Elanga's emergence. And after full-time on Tuesday, Rashford was filmed reacting to being heckled by disappointed fans wanting photos as he made his way through the Old Trafford car park. However, he has quickly responded to the video by releasing a statement onto his social media channels denying allegations regarding what he said in the altercation. JUST IN: Marcus Rashford pulled away after confronting angry Man Utd fans He wrote: "A video can paint a thousand words and in this case lead to inaccurate info being shared on social media. Guys, for weeks I've been heckled, threatened, questioned, and last night my emotion got the better of me. I'm a human being. "Reading and hearing that stuff about yourself every day, it wears you down. No one is more critical of my performance than me. But what you see in this video lacks context. I had been heckled from the minute I stepped foot outside the ground, abuse not just aimed at my football. READ MORE: Arsenal vs Liverpool live stream: How to watch Premier League online "People were looking for a reaction from me. Phones were at the ready. Of course, I should have walked straight past and ignored it. That's what we're supposed to do, right? I want to clarify two things. The first being what I actually said to the man throwing abuse at me, which was "come over here and say it to my face" (a fact security can back up). "And secondly, the fact I used my forefinger to direct the fan to 'come over and say it to my face! I did not gesture with my middle finger. I'm not entitled. This isn't ego. I'm upset. I'm disappointed. And in that moment, it was silly, but I was being human."