Sarah Ferguson married Prince Andrew on July 23, 1986 and wore a specially designed dress for the occasion. Fergie, who later became the Duchess of York, was gifted the York tiara by the Queen before the ceremony, however the iconic tiara has not been seen in 21 years. Sarah and Andrew married at a ceremony at Westminster Abbey on July 23, 1986.  The couple have had two children together, Princess Beatrice, 33, and Princess Eugenie, 31. Although the Duke and Duchess have been divorced for 26 years, they appear to have stayed good friends and even live together at Royal Lodge. Their wedding was a grand affair and Sarah wore a stunning tiara gifted to her by the Queen. When the couple married, the Queen’s son, Prince Andrew, was fourth-in-line to the throne and they were given a lavish royal wedding. READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' For the ceremony, the Duchess of York wore the glamorous York tiara, which was seen for the first time on the occasion. The brand new tiara was a gift from the Queen hence why Sarah was able to keep the sparkler, and it had delicate scrolls and a large, central diamond on top. Although it was first worn on her wedding to Andrew, the Duchess has worn it since the big day and even since her divorce. The Duke and Duchess of York attended a banquet at Claridge's in 1987 alongside other members of the Royal Family, including Prince Charles and Princess Diana. Sarah wore a monochrome dress with an oversized collar, adding the York tiara and a floral diamond necklace and earrings, a wedding present from the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh. It was once custom to wear tiaras on royal tours, but this has been relaxed in recent years. Therefore, Fergie donned her wedding headpiece with ruby jewellery during a visit to Canada that same year. In 1988, Sarah wore the York tiara with a navy embellished tiered gown, during her and Prince Andrew's tour of Australia.  Sarah left the Royal Family 26 years ago, but admitted to Oprah Winfrey in a 1996 interview she was allowed to keep the stunning piece of jewellery. The Duchess of York wore it to the White Tie and Tiara Ball hosted by Elton John at his house in Windsor on July 5, 2001, despite divorcing in 1996. It was believed the tiara would make another appearance and be worn by Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice at their weddings, but instead they opted for different designs. The York tiara, designed by Garrad, has not been seen since 2001, but as it was a gift Sarah was able to keep it. Royal fans took to Instagram praising the tiara.  One fan, @ladyval05 said: "I always thought this was such a beautiful tiara!" Similarly, @delichios_ wrote: "So beautiful." The priceless tiara is believed to be worth around £230,000 and Sarah paired it with a pricey wedding dress when she married. Sarah wore an ivory-silk dress by London courtier Lindka Cierach which featured a 17-foot train and a 20-foot long veil. The design of the dress was kept secret before the big day and believed to have cost £34,000 at the time. 