Manchester United’s latest damaging defeat to a close rival has sent alarm signals ringing at Old Trafford with reports suggesting Ralf Rangnick only trusts two players in the entire squad. The Red Devils were soundly beaten 4-1 in the local derby by Manchester City to deal a hammer blow to their hopes of a top-four finish. A brace each from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez condemned United to their worst derby defeat since they were beaten 6-1 back in 2011. The fallout from the game has been similar to how United reacted after their 5-0 drubbing by Liverpool at Old Trafford, with a number of former players heavily criticising United’s performance in the second half. Roy Keane lashed out at the players’ “disgraceful” lack of effort, while Gary Neville revealed he had never seen a United team down tools like they did on Sunday. "I have to say Manchester United's response to going 3-1 down is embarrassing," Neville said on Sky Sports. "I've never seen that, in any game of football, 92 per cent possession. They've given up. JUST IN: Man Utd players 'confused' by Ralf Rangnick snubbing star "I get the fact it's hard, you're playing against a top team. But they're walking around the pitch. Nowhere near good enough." And the latest reports of a split dressing room are beginning to show signs of tense relations within the squad, with Rangnick casting doubt over his players’ ability to compete. Rangnick’s side are now a point behind fourth-placed Arsenal but have played three games more than the Gunners, with Tottenham also having the luxury of more games to play to leapfrog United. After succumbing to their the worst defeat since Rangnick took over in December, there is a serious possibility that United could miss out on Champions League qualification by domestic means. MUST READNeville issues damning verdict on Rashford considering Man Utd futureMan Utd exodus to be led by veteran star as Rangnick rings changesMan Utd 'contact Pochettino and Ten Hag' with new favourite for job That is not the only issue to resolve in the near future. According to ESPN, it is believed Rangnick only sees Luke Shaw and Scott McTominay as players able to motivate themselves to play better when United trail in games. Citing sources close to the club, it is claimed in the report that some players have become ‘distracted’ by individual mistakes, which has impacted their performance level. Dressing room rifts and arguments amongst each other have also contributed to the low morale within the squad, while others have struggled to adhere to the tactics due to issues with focus and concentration. Rangnick reportedly sees Shaw and McTominay, both long-serving players at United, as players who have the required leadership and character to motivate themselves to play better when the team are going through a difficult spell. That is all the more surprising considering that Shaw started on the bench for the derby, with Alex Telles preferred at left-back. But McTominay’s rise to becoming an important first-team member has impressed the German tactician, to the extent that United could consider cooling their interest in West Ham's £100m-rated midfielder Declan Rice in the summer. The Scotland international has only missed four games this season in the Premier League and has emerged as a key figure on the pitch and in the dressing room. There were concerns over whether the 25-year-old was good enough to command a regular role in the team at the start of the season. But his performances have seemingly convinced Rangnick he is one player to build the team around along with Shaw. And that could mean that United, who had previously identified Rice as a top target this summer, may decide to spend the funds elsewhere with another summer of spending likely to follow after a disappointing campaign so far.