The UK has led the way in offering bilateral aid to Ukraine, and Mr Johnson has now said the UK is working closely with the US and EU to coordinate sanctions. UK Foreign secretary Liz Truss took questions in the House of Commons on Tuesday morning as the Government looks to fast track its Economic Crime bill through Parliament to help bolster sanctions against Russia. The bill proposes a crackdown on “dirty money” held in Britain by Russian oligarchs and could be effective from as soon as next Tuesday, March 15. Ms Truss told MPs that the UK's economic sanctions totalled a value of £364billion but there was criticism that this was less than sanctions from other nations. Since 2014, the UK has imposed just 271 sanctions compared to 766 in the European Union, 800 in Switzerland, 900 in Canada and 1,200 in the United States, according to Castellum AI. Ms Truss said: "What we are seeking to do here is debilitate the Russian economy, we have targeted and sanctioned £364 billion of assets, the EU have targeted £124 billion of assets. “Yes, there are specific issues over individuals which we are addressing through the emergency legislation that went through the House and will be in place next week, and we will be able to sanction all the individuals that he is referring to, but it is simply not true to say that the UK has not led on this, we have led on it." The bilateral aid from the UK to support Ukraine totals more than £400million, and the Government will match public donations to the Disasters Emergency Committee Ukraine Appeal pound-for-pound up to £25million. The Government has said that there is not, and will not, be any prospect of UK or NATO forces providing active military support in Ukraine itself, although it has 1,000 troops on standby for humanitarian operations. In January, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the UK had “taken the decision to supply Ukraine with light anti-armour defensive weapon systems”. The Government has since set out a six-point plan to drive the international community to support Ukraine which firstly involves mobilising an international humanitarian coalition. On Monday, the UK, Netherlands and Canada created the International Ukraine Support Group to ensure there is “unwavering assistance now and in the future” to Ukraine. Mr Johnson met with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau and Dutch prime minister Mark Rutte on Monday, March 7, in London to discuss support for Ukraine. In a press conference after the meeting Mr Johnson said: “As Ukrainians resist Russia’s onslaught with courage and tenacity, the international community must aid their struggle in every way we can. “To aid these efforts, today the UK is joining our Dutch and Canadian friends to mobilise more practical and sustained support for Ukraine. “This is the moment for Ukraine’s friends to create a coalition of humanitarian, economic and defensive military support to ensure that Putin fails.” On Tuesday, March 8, Mr Johnson will host leaders of the V4 group, who are on the frontline of a refugee crisis – ​​the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia. The Home Office says the UK has granted visas to 300 Ukrainian refugees under its new support scheme so far. Separately, the UK and Canada have agreed to strengthen their bilateral cooperation in sectors including security and defence. In January, the UK was among a handful of European nations sending defensive aid to Ukraine and now more than 25 countries have joined the effort. For the first time in its history, the EU is financing the purchase and delivery of arms to a third nation through its European Peace Facility – transporting €450million (​​£372million) of lethal arms support to Ukraine. The European Commission announced an additional €90million (£74million) in emergency aid programmes as part of an urgent appeal by the United Nations (UN) to help civilians affected by Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The funding will help support people in Ukraine and Moldova providing humanitarian aid and has already provided eight million essential medical care items and civil protection support. On March 1, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen announced at least €500million (£415million) of additional EU funding in response to the humanitarian consequences of the crisis. In addition to economic support Germany is supplying Ukraine with 1,000 anti-tank weapons and 500 Stinger surface-to-air missiles from Bundeswehr stocks – going against Berlin’s long-standing policy of banning weapon exports to a conflict zone. On February 26, two days after the invasion began, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said: “The Russian invasion of Ukraine marks a turning point. It is our duty to do our best to support Ukraine in defending itself against Putin’s invading army.” Nations including Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Portugal and Greece have sent defensive weapons and supplies. In addition to sending military supplies Romania is offering to treat wounded citizens in its 11 military hospitals. Of the near two million fleeing Ukraine the UN says neighbouring Poland has taken the most refugees in with an estimated 1,204,000. The US announced a further $350 million (£266million) of military assistance to Ukraine taking its total security assistance to Ukraine to $1billion (£761million) over the past year. US secretary of state Antony Blinken said: “This package will include further lethal defensive assistance to help Ukraine address the armoured, airborne, and other threats it is now facing.”