  Ex Newsnight presenter Emily Maitlis has shared her “horrifying” experience of being tricked by fraudsters. The BBC journalist admitted the incident left her “feeling sick” as she took to Twitter to explain what had happened.      Emily, 51, opened up about her awful encounter with a fraudster in view of her 465,100 social media followers today. “A short thread on fraud,” the former BBC presenter began. “On Thursday evening around 8pm I got called by the fraud detection squad at my bank and told I’d been a victim of fraud with attempts made on my bank account. “I asked how I knew he was for real and he told me to google the lost and stolen cards number. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     “Sure enough the same number came up,” Emily continued. “So I listened as he told me I’d had attempts made on my card, my accounts had been visualised, and my email was also compromised. “I’d have to change everything over. I was horrified. “I suspected it was because I’d clicked on a link for a missed parcel.      “And that was their way in. So I then asked for the name and email of the fraud detection guy. “And suddenly the phone went dead,” she revealed gravely. “So I called back my bank and said I’ve just spoken to one of your guys about attempts made on my account and they said no you haven’t… “So then it dawns on me the fraud detection call is actually the fraudster. And I feel sick. READ MORE... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [NEWS]      “Because it’s all a bit matrix. And I tell the story to a friend at lunch the next day… “Whose face slowly drains... as he realises the exact same thing has happened to him… “And they even played the ‘this call will be recorded for training purposes’ spiel at the beginning. To make it sound bona fide. “So this is I think a now recurring thing… that gets you at your most vulnerable by telling you you’re already a victim…early evening. Off guard.”       Several Twitter users sympathised with Emily, sharing their own experiences of fraud. Naomi wrote: “And this is how my poor mum with dementia got scammed out of £6000!” “I lost £25k on Monday to a scam like this,” added Martin Wood with a tearful emoji. While Lynne Featherstone shared: “I had the same - but was suspicious (natural state). So I said I would phone the bank myself, thanked him and hung up. From a different phone- I then phoned my bank only to discover it had been genuine! So - I guess - phone your bank yourself to check - either way - it’s best.”   