Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge's youngest child, Prince Louis, was born in 2018, and since then his appearances in public have been few and far between. Louis, 3, made his debut on the Buckingham Palace balcony in 2019 for Trooping the Colour, and he makes the odd appearance alongside his royal parents at some engagements. But as the pandemic has raged on for much of Louis' life so far, the youngest Cambridge child has yet to experience life in the royal spotlight like Prince George and Princess Charlotte have. One major royal milestone Prince Louis is yet to experience is an official visit abroad with Kate and William. In previous decades, children tended to stay at home while royals went abroad on official trips, but Kate and William have taken a more modern approach to parenting and royal tours. The Duke and Duchess welcomed Prince George in 2013 and Princess Charlotte in 2015, and the children have joined Kate and William for many of their royal visits abroad. Prince George was only nine months old when he visited New Zealand and Australia in 2014, although he only appeared with his parents at a few of their engagements Down Under.  READ MORE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen But the royal tot managed to charm the press and the public whenever he was out, especially when he met a bilby named after him at Sydney's Taronga Zoo. Princess Charlotte's first royal trip abroad was in 2016 when she was just over a year old, and she accompanied Kate, William and George to Canada. Charlotte delighted royal fans when she was pictured playing with balloons during a party for military families. And the Cambridge children's cousin Archie has also already been on a royal tour, despite being a year younger than Louis.  Archie accompanied his parents Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex to South Africa in 2019 when he was four months old. The little royal got to meet the late anti-apartheid campaigner Archbishop Desmond Tutu during the trip with his royal parents. Royal tours abroad effectively ceased during the Covid pandemic, meaning Prince Louis is still yet to go on an official trip abroad with Kate and William. But in recent months, official foreign visits by Royal Family members are starting to ramp up again, with Kate visiting Denmark and Prince William visiting the UAE earlier this year. DON'T MISS:Queen tangled in ‘bit of trouble’ after public broadcast: ‘Undermined' [INSIGHT]The most unusual Royal Family nicknames - from 'Gary' to 'Wombat' [EXPLAINER]Why the Queen might never return to Buckingham Palace - three reasons [ANALYSIS]  So with the world starting to return to normality, Prince Louis might be able to go on tour with his parents soon, though he is unlikely to appear on the Cambridges' Caribbean tour later this month. Kate and William will be embarking on their first joint tour abroad since before the pandemic from March 19 to March 26, with the couple expected to visit Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. But Kate and William are not expected to be joined by Prince George, Princess Charlotte or Prince Louis during the trip, which is being held to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Royal expert Jennie Bond told OK!: "I'm sure there's a part of them that's looking to some child-free time away, like any working parents." 