ITV talk show host Lorraine Kelly admitted that she was getting as little as four hours sleep per night during lockdown. The journalist has teamed up with WW (formerly known as Weight Watchers) in hopes of getting her “va va voom back”, after forming unhealthy lifestyle habits over the course of the pandemic.   Lorraine, 62, said that due to a lack of exercise and routine, she was only getting around four hours of sleep during lockdown. The star also discovered that she had gone from a size 10 to a size 14 and has agreed that while the perfect size is different for every person, she wanted to get back to feeling like herself again with the help of WW. Talking about her new plan with the brand, she emphasised the difference that it has already made to her nighttime routine. “I’ll tell you what, the thing it’s making me focus on more than anything is sleep,” she said. READ MORE: Martin Lewis issues warning after addressing 'dangerous' issue     “During the pandemic, I’ve not been sleeping as well as I might. “I go to bed because I’m watching the news and getting updates, and then waking up feeling a bit overwhelmed by everything. “Because we’ve all had that; we’ve all had anxiety and stress. Goodness me we’ve all had that, we’re human beings! “It’s just when it tips into dominating your life, but the sleep app has been really good for tracking my sleep.”     She continued: “When you see it written down as, ‘Oh, you’ve had 4 hours,’ you realise it’s not enough. And it makes me go, ‘Oh my god!’ she exclaimed dramatically. “Because sleep deprivation is one of the most awful things. It affects everything. “So that has actually put me in a very good mindset to sleep.” READ MORE... Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [NEWS]      Lorraine also condemned diet culture during the interview, instead suggesting that aiming towards a healthier lifestyle overall was a much better way to go. “I think the main thing for me is that I just want to get my va va voom back ,” she said. “Just to get me back from before the pandemic.” “And I know I can do that because I’ve done it before, but this time I just wanted a helping hand. “It’s not about weight anymore, we’ve advanced, we’ve moved on. That’s really what I want to get across.”      When asked if she still felt that diet culture was still prevalent today, Lorraine replied: “I really, really hope not, because diets don’t work, I've said that for years, and that’s why it’s so important not to be fixated on weight or anything like that. “It's all about how you feel inside. I’ve got friends that are size six; they're teeny-tiny, and that's the way they're supposed to be and they’re dead healthy. “On the other side of that, I’ve got really good friends who are 16 to 18 and they’re happy and healthy. “It’s all about acceptance and feeling good in yourself,” she concluded. Lorraine Kelly has joined WW as a new ambassador. #joinLorraine on her weight loss and wellness journey with WW, where you can enjoy the foods you love with no restrictions. To be your best self whilst still losing weight, visit ww.com/uk/ambassadors/lorraine-kelly and get 50% off today.   