The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have travelled to the Caribbean without their children Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. A parenting expert has revealed how the parents and children cope with the royal tours and spending a long time away from each other.  Gifty Enright, parenting expert and author of best selling parenting book Octopus on a Treadmill, shared her professional opinion with Express.co.uk. When asked who stays with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis when the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are away, Gifty said "it takes a village". She explained: "Parents are not the only ones that can and should parent their children. "Children need input from other sources to help shape their worlds to prepare them to face the wider world as adults. READ MORE: Kate's parenting style 'elegant' while Pippa 'looking breezily calm'  "This comes from the extended family, friends and indeed paid childcare professionals like nannies and teachers." The Cambridges' full-time nanny is Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo who has been working for the Royal Family since 2014. The parenting expert said going on a royal tour without their children requires a lot of preparation. Gifty explained: "The Duchess of Cambridge is a working royal and like tons of working mothers up and down the country, she would have to put good arrangements in place for her children for when she travels away, on business.  "Parents have to make sure that their children are safe and secure both physically and emotionally. "And this includes their child care arrangements," she added. "The Duke and Duchess, with the resources at their disposable will have the luxury of the cream of the crop when it comes to meeting their childcare requirements. "Not to mention two sets of grandparents as well." However, Gifty believes not taking the children on royal tours is very positive for them. "Children need consistency and stability. "Not taking their children on the tour with them means the children can stay in their normal environments and not endure any disruptions to their routines which is a bonus. "Staying in a familiar environment with other people they trust helps them to develop their sense of independence, their social skills and to deepen relationships to others besides their parents. "With technology these days, I am sure the kids get to face time their parents daily to get that sense of connection and emotional stability they need. "This also helps to reassure the parents and make them cope better with the absence from their children." Gifty concluded: "The added bonus is that the Duke and Duchess get to have some rare time away from their children to enjoy each other." The parenting expert believes this is "essential for any relationship to thrive, especially if you have young children".