William and Kate were shown around the Maya cacao farm where they were told all about how the Mayans cultivate cacao trees, process cacao beans and make the chocolate. The royal couple got stuck in and even helped plant a tree in commemoration of the Queen. Dressed in a blue shirt and dark blue chinos, Prince William appeared to ask questions while Kate, dressed in a blue floral dress, looked on as they were taken around by a farmer on their second day of the tour. Later on, Kate got stuck in and helped grind up some cacao nibs during a demonstration. After the visit, the royal pair visited Hopkins village, which is a traditional Garifuna community, where they were invited to join in a welcome dance. Local organiser Laura Cacho, 57, who danced with the future king, said: "They were shaking their waists like nobody's business." The duchess was the first to take to show off her dance moves, joining nine local school children at the Garifuna Cultural Centre. Prince William watched as Kate stole the show before joining the dance with Ms Cacho, who said: "He shook his waist to the music. He had beautiful rhythm. It was a pleasure for me. "Kate was excellent as well and definitely has Garifuna culture in her." The royals' visit to the region takes place almost four months after Barbados voted to become a republic, cutting ties with the British monarchy but remaining part of the Commonwealth, and amid growing scrutiny of past British conduct in the region. An event for the couple initially planned for Sunday morning in the southern village of Indian Creek was cancelled after some residents staged a protest on Friday. Locals said they were upset that the royal couple's helicopter was given permission to land on a local football field without prior consultation.  They are also said to be in a land dispute with a conservation group supported by the Royal Family. According to officials, the event was relocated and the couple instead embarked on the Che'il Mayan Chocolate tour today organised by a local business (March 20).   The Garifuna are descendants of Africans and indigenous Kalinagos who moved along the islands and coast of the region to escape slavery. The Cambridge's are expected to stay in Belize until Tuesday morning, then afterwards visit Jamaica and the Bahamas. Some Belizean locals said they hope Kate and William will come away from their visit with a deeper understanding of the country. Others said they would not be paying much attention. READ MORE: Four ways the Royal Family have shown their support for Ukraine  Amira Novelo, a resident of Belize City said: "We're not even going to see these people so I feel indifferent other than I wonder how this will affect traffic." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on the eight-day Caribbean tour on Saturday to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The pair got off to a rocky start after they had to cancel their visit to the Akte 'il Ha cacao farm in the Maya village of Indian Creek, after local villagers staged a protest against their arrival. Shortly after the protest, a Kensington Palace spokespeson said: "We can confirm that due to sensitive issues involving the community in Indian Creek, the visit has been moved to a different location - further details will be provided in due course." DON'T MISS: Kate and William fly in to save the Commonwealth [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's 'dilemma' as Netflix begin casting young brothers [COMMENT]Kate and William's marriage must maintain three key points to survive  [ANALYSIS]   Indian Creek is currently in dispute with Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation group which lists Prince William as a patron. FFI has property near the village's communal land, which has caused friction over ownership rights, according to local residents who spoke with Reuters. Sebastian Shol, chairman of Indian Creek village, told the Daily Mail that the Royal couple could land anywhere but the villager's land. He said: “We don’t want them to land on our land, that’s the message that we want to send. They could land anywhere but not on our land.” 