Cleaner Sam, who shared her tips and tricks with Express.co.uk, detailed how she struggles with mould in her own home. The cleaning expert, who posts her expertise on her Instagram account @cleaning_at_44, said: "Mould is a problem for us. We don’t have a window in our bathroom. "We have an extractor fan but struggles to cope with clearing the steam. "Good ventilation is key to keeping mould at bay." The family have tried as best they can to keep mould at the bar using certain solutions. READ MORE: 'Great' baking soda tip for 'white and shiny' toilet and what to never clean with it Sam said: "The ceiling is painted in a bathroom anti-mould paint. The walls are tiled." However, the cleaner still finds mould appearing. Luckily, she has an easy go-to product for tackling these patches. She said: "If I see any mould patches forming on any of the tiles I use Astonish Mould & Mildew Blaster which removes and prevents mould." DON'T MISSHow to clean an oven: Cleaning guru's 'fantastic' tip [HACK] Shaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout [EXPERT] Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean pan [TIP] Astonishes's Mould & Mildew Blaster costs just £1.19. The brand claims it "blasts away mould and mildew stains in minutes without the need for scrubbing." It's used by spraying it on the surface you want to clean. Then leave it on for a few minutes, before rinsing or wiping clean. Astonish said: "On vertical surfaces apply via a sponge or cloth to avoid a runoff." Mould is caused by humidity, which means the air is unusually moist. When mould is growing in your home, it indicates that it is too damp. It is often a problem in bathrooms, as bathrooms get wet often. Keep humidity down in your home. This can be done by using extractor fans and keeping windows open so air is flowing freely. Make sure to fix leeks your walls and windows. Paint your home with anti-mould paint where possible. If you already have mould, you should remove it. Then you should take whichever measures you can to prevent it. Make a mixture of one part bleach and 10 parts water and apply it with a sponge to affected areas.