Over the last few weeks, NHS data has shown the UK's Covid caseload is rapidly ascending. Infections, hospital admissions and deaths have increased to record levels, with the largest clutch of positive tests reported on March 21. The 226,524 new infections marked the most significant daily rise since the pandemic began, but has not prompted a change of tack from the Cabinet. As cases rise across the country, the Government is steaming ahead with plans to end free lateral flow tests. From April 1, ministers have planned to rescind access to free tests for anyone but the most vulnerable. Only those aged over 75 and 12 (provided they have a weakened immune system) will be able to order them without charge from then. READ MORE: Covid test: 99p Covid tests now available online As of right now, you can order free tests from the Government's website here (Order coronavirus (COVID-19) rapid lateral flow tests). The site allows people to order a single pack of seven tests every three days. Regardless of whether the person requesting tests has symptoms or not, the Government is prioritising vulnerable Britons. A message on its ordering page states it needs "most tests" for "people at higher risk". The message adds, in England, people without Covid symptoms "no longer need to take rapid lateral flow tests". Others can still go ahead and order what they need regardless, but they will need to make an account first and what they receive is subject to availability. If availability dwindles, people can use Government assistance to get free tests from elsewhere by ordering a test to pick up. When ordering a test kit to pick up, you will be given a collection code and told to get your tests from somewhere like a pharmacy, your workplace, school or university, or community buildings such as libraries or Covid-19 testing sites. Anyone else wanting a supply will have to pay up, with prices between £2 and £5 for individual tests. Boots has announced single units will cost £2.50 and a pack of five £10. People hoping to avoid the additional sum still have a few avenues to secure free tests. But time is running out to claim them and availability with it. Again, however, people are limited by what the shops have in stock. Some people have taken to stockpiling Covid tests while they are still free in the UK. They have prompted a warning from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) to outline groups who should be ordering tests. A spokesperson for the agency said other eligible groups include workers and volunteers in "high-risk settings", and added people should only order if they have run out of tests at home.