Directed by actress and comedian Kathy Burke, the ITV comedy-drama is based on Graham Norton's best-selling book. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the comedian talked about parts of his work which had been changed and what he made of the TV series. He admitted one part had been altered significantly and claimed the series had "elevated" parts of the story. In an interview with the cast and creators of the show, including Graham, Express.co.uk found out how the series came about. When asked how he had felt watching his imaginings coming to life and if anything surprised him Graham, 58, recalled what stuck out for him. "I think the biggest change and the kind of best opening up or finding depth was in the Ross sisters," he replied. "My Ross sisters were much more kind of contained and I think they've fully developed those three women now. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one "Each one of them could have their own show, we know them so well, and they're not like that in the book." He continued: "I think one of the things I really enjoyed about this adaptation is my book is a genre book, it's cosy crime. There are lots of books like mine. "And what the Karen [Cogan] and Dominic [Treadwell-Collins] have done is they've made a show which isn't like other television shows. "Its feel is entirely its own and that is so hard to do because everything is a bit like something else. "Kathy [Burke], Dominic and everyone have created something that isn't. "It's itself. They've elevated the book in that sense." Kathy admitted she was unsure about taking on the job of directing until she realised it was a book she'd read and enjoyed. She recalled: "They said it's quite different what they're doing [with it], they said they're making more of the women. DON'T MISS... Holly Willoughby misses Dancing on Ice after contracting Covid [LATEST]EastEnders chaos as Keegan Baker spirals out of control? [SPOILERS]Conservative MP says 'embarrassing' government need to help Ukraine [VIDEO] "I said 'that's great, hopefully not to the determined of PJ'. "Then I've gone 'oh, I can remember the character's name' and it was the year before that I'd listened to the book. "I said 'okay', I was curious, it was curiosity that killed the cat. I thought the writing was so terrific the way they'd adapted it. "I really loved what they did with the Ross sisters - they made them three-dimensional women which is so rare." Holding is a quirky whodunnit set in a fictional Irish town. The series is consisted of an impressive cast, with Father Ted star Pauline McLynn, Derry Girls favourite Siobhán McSweeney and Oscar winner Brenda Fricker to name a few. The book was released in 2016 and was adapted for television last year. Holding premieres on ITV on Monday at 9pm.