Jamie Carragher has called out Chelsea fans who questioned him over his "opinion" that Manchester United should steal Thomas Tuchel from Chelsea this summer. Sanctions placed on Roman Abramovich has raised questions on Tuchel's future at Stamford Bridge.  The German boss has stated that he remains committed to Chelsea for the time being, but Carragher believes United should still take advantange of the west London's situation. The former Liverpool defender called the decision for United to try and prise Tuchel away from Chelsea as a "no-brainer". Carragher was present at Stamford Bridge on Sunday for their match against Newcastle and it appears as though he was confronted by some Chelsea fans for his views. But the 44-year-old has hit back at fans criticising him for his "opinion", claiming United would only be doing what Chelsea have been doing since Abramovich took over the club. JUST IN: Chelsea 'receive £2.7bn offer from Saudi Media Group' to take over  "I wouldn't change my opinion on it," he said on Sky Sports. "The reason I think it's a little bit hypocritical of Chelsea supporters is that if teams, whether that's Manchester United with the manager or people thinking they can get Chelsea players, are going to take advantage of the situation that they're in right now. "Chelsea have been doing that for 20 years. "That was the big thing of Roman Abramovich coming in. 'We can throw our money about and get who we want'. DON'T MISS   "'We're going to go to Manchester United, the first thing they do. They're a money-making machine United, we want to become that. We'll go and get Peter Kay, they're CEO. We'll go to Liverpool and take the best midfield player in Europe and destabilise that club for two summers'. "'We get Ashley Cole. We get caught tapping up. It doesn't matter we'll pay the fine'. "'England flying at the time with Sven Goran Erikson, we want him at Chelsea'. "They win the Youth Cup every year or get in the final, not becausie they've got the best coaches or best academy. Because they go and basically take the best players from every club in this country and relocate the family and give the dad a scouting job.  "Chelsea Football Club have taken advantage of every other club in the last 20 years because of Roman Abramovich. "So if I give an opinion of someone taking advantage of them, that's just a fact. That's just the way of life and you have to accept that. "Some of the things with Chelsea like closing the club shop and maybe stopping young kids getting Mason Mount on the back of their shirt, I don't agree with that. "And I certainly don't want Chelsea to go to the wall. I don't want that at all. "But if that's my opinion of it, I certainly don't want Chelsea fans next time I go there questioning that opinion because that is exactly what Chelsea have done for 20 years."