Manchester City have held secret transfer talks with Erling Haaland as they look to ramp up their efforts to sign the striker this summer. However, Barcelona have represented an unlikely rival to Pep Guardiola’s riches. City transfer chief Txiki Begiristain met with Mino Raiola to discuss the signing of Haaland in a secret meeting last month, reports suggest. There are numerous sides in Europe contesting for the Borussia Dortmund star’s signature ahead of the transfer window this summer. That includes Barcelona, who have close ties with Raiola and have made their own effort to trying to sign the 21—year-old. The Norway international is hot property ahead of the summer, when a release clause worth £68million will come into effect. That is a relative bargain considering Haaland’s standing in the sport already with many tipping the striker to go on to become one of the best in the world. His goal record is phenomenal having netted 80 in 79 appearances for Dortmund during his two-and-a-half years at the club. But after their weak exit from the Europa League - during which Haaland was injured - it now looks almost certain that the Leeds-born ace will make a move in the summer and there are no shortage of suitors. The favourites for his signature are City, who have diverted their attention from Harry Kane after failing to prise him away from Tottenham last year. And according to transfer chief Fabrizio Romano, the Etihad outfit held secret talks with Haaland’s agent Raiola in February over a transfer this summer. It is a clear indication that the Premier League champions are looking to steal a march on their rivals for the Norwegian. That is because Barcelona are also in the hunt and club president Joan Laporta has a close relationship with Raiola. They have already met up and discussed a potential transfer, despite the Blaugrana having serious financial problems. That has not prevented Xavi from bringing in players, though, after signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal and being close to clinching a deal for Chelsea duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen. City remain in the driving seat, though, simply down to the fact that their finances trump the rest of the competition, which includes Real Madrid and Bayern Munich.