If you have pierced ears, you have to admit that your earrings sometimes carry an unpleasant smell if you’ve worn them for a while. That’s all down to a build-up of bacteria, dead skin cells, oils, sweat and skincare products. You can’t clean this area of skin or the earring while the earring is in your ear, so it’s important to take them out regularly and clean your ears and the jewellery. Express.co.uk chatted to Ben Stinson, an expert from the UK’s leading Hatton Garden jewellers, Diamonds Factory to find out how to clean silver and gold earrings. Before you start cleaning your earrings, it’s important to look closely at whether or not they are at risk of losing gemstones. Check the condition of the jewellery to ensure there are no loose diamonds or gems that may come off during cleaning or everyday wear. This is especially important for your more expensive sets. Ben said: “You can do this by inspecting the claws of the piece or by using a safety pin to check how secure each stone is. “If any of the stones are moving around in the setting, we recommend taking it to a jeweller to have it professionally cleaned and re-set.” READ MORE- St Patrick's Day quiz: 30 quiz questions to test your knowledge All you need to clean silver or gold earrings in water and washing up liquid. Fill a small bowl with warm to hot water and add around one to two tablespoons of washing up liquid. Leave the jewellery to soak for 20 to 40 minutes, depending on how dirty they are or how long you’ve worn them since the last clean. For diamond earrings, you can also try cleaning the stones with vodka. Ben explained: “The distilled alcohol is great for dissolving the dirt attached which gets stuck to the diamonds thanks to the ethanol content. “I advise using a soft-bristled toothbrush to brush the stone. Kids' toothbrushes are generally recommended because they are softer than adult ones. The smaller size also makes it easier to clean small stud earrings with precision. “You’ll need to treat the stone separately to the metal of the earrings. Brush the base of the lower part of the diamond as a lot of dirt can build up at the base where the diamond is mounted.” DON'T MISS...Mastermind quiz questions - 15 general knowledge quiz questions [INFORMER]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 1p hack to clean glass shower screens [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘best’ way to remove black mould from walls [EXPLAINER] Once you have cleaned your earrings, run your earrings (and the backs) under warm running water. Ben said: “Repeat rinses until all of the soap (which could irritate your ears) is off the earrings. “Make sure you have a tight grip when holding them under the tap and only rinse one earring at a time, especially when washing daintier earrings that are at risk of going down the plughole.” Allow the earrings to air dry, or pat them dry with a clean cotton or linen cloth. These materials won’t scratch the metal or leave threads attached to the claws as a towel might. For that extra sparkle, finish with a polishing cloth to give it that professional touch. Ben said: “When not wearing your earrings, you might want to consider storing them in a resealable bag to protect against dust. “This can also help to prevent daintier pieces from getting lost in your jewellery box.”