Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has opened up on a conversation with Jadon Sancho prior to the forward’s recent improvement. The England international initially struggled for form upon joining from Borussia Dortmund during the summer transfer window. However, following the departure of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, he’s now come good. Manchester United spent four years tracking Sancho before finally bringing him to Old Trafford for a fee of £73million last summer. Jose Mourinho had hoped to land the forward back in 2017, when the winger was at Manchester City, only for Borussia Dortmund to win the race for his signature instead. Sancho developed well over at the Westfalenstadion, alerting Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, with the Norwegian seeing his hierarchy fail to land the 21-year-old in 2019 and 2020 respectively. Finally, last summer, United struck gold. Yet Sancho was slow out of the blocks during his time with the fallen Premier League giants, struggling for form and consistency under Solskjaer. Now, he appears to finally have turned a corner. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz His impressive performance against Tottenham was the latest sign that he was operating at the peak of his powers once again, with the youngster registering an assist for Cristiano Ronaldo’s second goal of the game. With six goal involvements from his last 10 outings across all competitions, Rangnick has been delighted by his improvement. And the German has now revealed what Sancho told him upon taking over from Solskjaer following the Norwegian’s sacking in November. “He told me that of course it was a problem for him to get adjusted to the intensity of the league, to the physicality of the league,” he said. “Now he has managed to do that. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “I’m happy to see him play at that kind of level right now.” Rangnick added: "Jadon Sancho is now getting closer to the Jadon Sancho I knew in Germany. "Sancho has managed to adapt to the intensity and the physical aspect of this league. I'm happy to see him playing at this level at the moment. “In the end, it's a question of trust. Playing time, trust. He performed at a very high level. “If you're not being successful, if you're not playing well as a team, tell me one single player in football who can still develop his own career. It's impossible. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We can only be successful as a team. “It's only possible with raising the level of performance of the whole team. This is what happened [against Spurs].” Now, Sancho will be hoping to inspire United to victory against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday night. The Red Devils go into the game with the tie in the balance, having drawn 1-1 in the reverse fixture at the Wanda Metropolitano Stadium. United haven’t won the Champions League since 2008, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. They’ve lost finals in 2009 and 2011 since then, both times to Pep Guardiola’s Barcelona. And Rangnick, when asked if his side can go all the way, wasn’t exactly confident in his response. “On Sunday [after the 4-1 defeat to Man City], I almost felt like we were at a funeral, that it was already dead and the end of the decade or whatever. “It felt like it was the worst team I ever coached. “Now, after a 3-2 win against Tottenham, we're discussing our chances to win the Champions League. “Ask me that question should we reach the Champions League final. Right now, I don't really think it makes sense.”