Kacey Ainsworth has appeared in ITV's Grantchester for many years as Cathy Keating, and over that time, her character has developed into a strong independent woman. Sitting down to chat to the Channel 4  host on Steph's Packed Lunch, she divulged that she was annoyed by how women from the 1950s had been portrayed on screen. While appearing on the daytime talk show, the actress opened up about how she feels that women from the 1950s are not always shown correctly. This talking point comes just days before the premiere of season seven of the show. The actress said: "I had a real bee in my bonnet about the way women were portrayed, especially in the 1950s or in period dramas in general - I got a real bee in my bonnet about it. "And I just felt like, if they were working-class or not upper-class, they weren't kinda rounded characters. Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? "You always saw them in the kitchen. They were always in the kitchen, they were always doing domestic things or in domestic settings." Taking matters into her own hands, she sought council with a co-star and one of the show's executive producers. The former EastEnders actress continued: "So we kinda had a conversation, the executive producer, I and Tessa [Peake-Jones], and we talked about our grandmothers, which would have been that age group. "And we all found out they all worked.  "So I said, 'Why hasn't Cathy got a job?' she needs to have a job. So this character has really evolved over seven series. "It's been an amazing journey, and it's really brilliant to do it from the inside. "If you want to change the party, you have to actually be in the party to change it." Adapted from the Grantchester Mysteries novels by James Runcie, the show has grown in popularity, with the series being renewed for season seven before season six even aired. DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST]  Cathy was married to lead Geordie Keating (Robson Green) in the show, but as the show developed, the pair's relationship started to suffer. Now estranged from Geordie, she has found new independence and works in a department store. The pair reconciled after his unfaithfulness but parted ways at the end of the last season. Talking to Steph about her on-screen split and how that did happen in the 1950s, she added: "And again that did happen.  "We always seem to think it's Doris Day land (there is nothing wrong with Doris day; we all love Doris), where they were always baking pies and stuff, but that just wasn't true." The new instalment will be set in the summer of 1959, just before the Swinging Sixties got into full swing. Grantchester season seven premieres on March 11 at 9pm on ITV. 