All benefit claimants are about to see their payments increase but, as well as this, the date they are paid will change next month due to Easter. Here’s everything you need to know. Millions of Britons rely on state benefits like Universal Credit, Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Pension Credit to help them pay their bills. From next month, they will receive a pay increase of 3.1 percent which is designed to help with rising inflation. It could be a help to those struggling to pay soaring energy bills, although campaigners say this year it won’t come close. Meanwhile, the date they get paid will also change next month because of the Easter bank holidays. READ MORE: National insurance: Who exactly will benefit from threshold rise? Britons who usually receive their Universal Credit on Friday, April 15 will receive their money a day early on Thursday, April 14. Anyone who would usually receive Universal Credit on Monday, April 18 will receive their payment three days early on Thursday, April 14. This also applies to people who receive PIP and Pension Credit. In addition, anyone who receives any other state benefits should be able to apply the same rule. DON'T MISSThe ‘biggest ever’ Dragons’ Den deal - Business sold for £12.5m [UPDATE]State pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [INSIGHT] In November, Chancellor Rishi Sunak changed the Universal Credit taper rate which means thousands more people should now qualify for a top up. The taper rate means people can earn more money and still qualify for some Universal Credit. For every £1 a person earns over their work allowance (if they have one), Universal Credit payments will reduce by 55 pence, rather than 63 pence. Britons can check whether they now fall into the bracket for help by inputting their earnings details into an online benefits calculator. Millions of people are still thought to be missing out on Universal Credit payments. Charities are urging everyone to do a benefits check every six months rather than suffer in silence. £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits in the UK every year. With the cost of living crisis crippling Britons’ budgets, now is the time to check. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who qualify for Universal Credit might also be eligible for: