Manchester United have been told they have a culture problem at the club and that signing Harry Kane and Declan Rice won’t make up for their shortcomings. The Red Devils are fourth in the Premier League table and are desperate to secure a Champions League spot come the end of the campaign. United began the season under Norwegian Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who persuaded legendary striker Cristiano Ronaldo to join the club for a second time. And there was plenty of early-season promise as the team won four of their first five Premier League matches. But the wheels fell off in the autumn as United suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes. Solskjaer was given his marching orders in November following an embarrassing 4-1 thrashing at the hands of Watford. Michael Carrick subsequently spent a few games in charge as caretaker, before Ralf Rangnick was appointed as interim manager to steady the ship until the end of the season as United prepare to bring in a permanent boss in the summer. TOP STORY: Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges   But the team have been inconsistent under the German and have fallen a staggering 19 points behind Premier League leaders Manchester City. The Red Devils have been tipped to delve into the transfer market once again ahead of the 2021/22 campaign, with the likes of Kane and Rice being tipped to move to Old Trafford. But former Liverpool ace Danny Murphy believes United’s issues will persist even if the duo do join the club. “Even if United sign a couple of top players in the summer, Harry Kane and Declan Rice for example, it won't be enough to immediately close the gap on City and Liverpool,” Murphy told the Daily Mail. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryLiverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leaveChelsea could look at £83.5m defender if Muhsin Bayrak buys club from Roman Abramovich     “United's issue is a problem of culture within the club as much as individual ability. “A successful team has a winning culture created every day by the manager and his staff. “It is about the standards that are set in training, dress codes, timekeeping, eating together. “It's about having an intensity in the workplace where everyone strives for more and is on the same page. “When you see United play, that environment isn't there. They are already on their third manager this season with a fourth likely to arrive in the summer.   “Though Kane and Rice are good professionals, they won't be able to change overall habits right away. It has to be led from the top. “I was at Liverpool when Gerard Houllier made the transition from old-school methods. “It felt over the top to start with, no phones, dress codes, meetings, videos, extra training. But it worked over time, helped also by good professionals like Sami Hyypia and Stephane Henchoz coming to the club. “United need a manager with that vision. Even so, because their rivals are so far ahead, it's going to take years to reach them.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here