Manchester United are, according to reports, eyeing Tottenham star Harry Kane. Though the England international was wanted by Manchester City back in the summer, they now have other priorities - including Borussia Dortmund hitman Erling Haaland. And that gives the Red Devils a window when it comes to striking a deal. Manchester United will need a new striker this summer. And, according to The Athletic, they’re eyeing a deal for Kane when the transfer window reopens amid uncertainty over the futures of Edinson Cavani, Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford and Mason Greenwood. United enquired about signing the Tottenham star last year, with Ed Woodward holding discreet talks with Daniel Levy. But with Jadon Sancho their priority at the time, they decided to sign the winger from Dortmund for a fee of £73million instead. Now, United are primed to go again. It’s easy to see why they’d want to sign Kane, who has established himself as one of the best strikers in world football in recent years. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here He initially struggled for consistency this term but, since the appointment of Antonio Conte, has turned a corner. Kane is also coming good for England, too, scoring in their 2-1 win over Switzerland at Wembley over the weekend. And though United have had a strained relationship with Tottenham ever since landing Dimitar Berbatov in 2008, they’re primed to go on the offensive the minute the season ends. With that being the case, a key date in the diary will be United’s showdown with Arsenal on April 23. They’re currently four points behind the Gunners, albeit having played one game more in their efforts to secure Champions League football for next season. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Without playing in Europe’s top-tier competition, United surely stand no chance of luring Kane to Old Trafford. But if they win that day, and things stay the same until that point, they can up the ante ahead of the final few games of the season. If United lose that day, it’ll likely mean another year strutting their stuff in the Europa League. However, that’s something the team are eager to avoid as they strive to make it a positive ending to the campaign. Kane isn’t the only striker on United’s shortlist as the summer transfer window nears. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz They had been eyeing Haaland but, due to their calamitous campaign, they’re now out of the running when it comes to snapping up the Norway international. Benfica’s Darwin Nunez is also in their sights, though Arsenal have also been credited with an interest in the 22-year-old. And Tammy Abraham has also been linked, having sparkled at Roma ever since his departure from Chelsea last year. Former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor, meanwhile, recently urged Kane to leave Tottenham for either United or City - insisting the ‘joke is over now’. “You’ve got to go. The joke’s over now. He’s given them so much, Harry Kane,” he said on talkSPORT. “This season he’s stayed and they are nowhere near winning a trophy, nowhere near getting top four. “He’s going to be 30 before you know it and be one of those players who should have gone to a big club, but stayed at Spurs. “If I was him, I’d 100 per cent go to Man City, that’s if they still want him, though, as Haaland is available in the summer. “If Manchester United can get the proper manager in, then go to Manchester United.” United are next in action against Leicester on Saturday as they look to get their season back on track late in the day.