Ricky Gervais, 60, has said that he wouldn’t have mocked Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair if he had been host of the Oscars this year. The comedian then brutally took aim at Jada, quipping he would have joked about her "boyfriend" instead. It comes after the After Life star was asked for his opinion on the now-notorious Oscar moment on social media. The incident occurred on Sunday, when Chris Rock, 57, who was hosting the ceremony and giving the speech for Best Documentary Feature, decided to quip about Jada’s hair. Jada suffers from alopecia, which causes rapid hair loss. Chris joked in reference to the Madagascar actress' shaved head: “Jada, can't wait for G.I. Jane 2.” READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Will then stormed the stage and slapped Chris. Shortly after the altercation, the King Richard actor sat down and shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f****** mouth.” Ricky’s fans on social media have been keen to know what he would have done differently as host. The actor has popularised the art of aiming jibes at celebrities through his comedy, most notably after presenting the Golden Globes Awards for several years running. During Gervais' show, where he tested new comedy material in Highgate, north London, the comic explained that he “didn’t have any Will Smith material". Ricky told his audience yesterday: “I’ll get it out of the way. “I have not got any Will Smith material. “I trended when that happened and I was not even there. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] “What has it got to do with me? “People were going ‘What would have happened if Ricky Gervais had been doing it (hosting Oscars)? “Well, nothing as I would not have made a joke about his wife’s hair. “I would have made a joke about her boyfriend," he added, in show quotes obtained by The Mirror. Ricky's quip comes after Jada made headlines in 2020 when singer August Alsina claimed he was in a relationship with Jada. She later confirmed that the pair had an “entanglement". The joke Chris told on Sunday referred to Jada’s buzz cut, which she opted for after losing hair due to alopecia. Ricky went on to joke during his show: “This new material is going to be for my new show called Armageddon. I might change that to Alopecia.”