Max Verstappen appears to have overcome a significant hurdle which could prevent Lewis Hamilton from exacting revenge on last season's world title defeat. The pair were separated by fine margains throughout 2021, and with both F1 stars hungry for more, every advantage could prove pivotal when it comes to claiming the top prize at the end of the season ahead. Hamilton will no doubt be out for revenge in 2022, after agonisingly losing his grip on an eighth world title on the final lap of December's season finale. Michael Masi's controversial call, which ultimately saw him sacked as FIA race director, effectively handed Verstappen a late opportunity to snatch the win which he grasped with both hands. When all was said and done, the two title protagonists were only eight points apart by the time Verstappen took the chequered flag as champion. Every point was valuable during a tense season, and one track the Dutchman finally managed to conquer was Monaco. READ MORE: Nikita Mazepin row as Haas' Russian sponsor threatened to pull out over Mick Schumacher Back in 2015 and still a teenager with Toro Rosso, Verstappen suffered a high-impact crash on the same circuit, held to be one of the most glamorous on the F1 calendar. Another accident prevented him from seeing the chequered flag in 2016, and up until last year's race, he had never finished better than fourth. Former world champion Nico Rosberg explained to Sky Sports why overcoming his Monaco hurdle could have ominous implications for the Red Bull man's rivals.  "I’m not sure why Max has struggled [at Monaco] in the past," he said. "I think it’s just a coincidence maybe that he has been a bit too aggressive. "Here he was this time [in 2021] delivering this perfect weekend, and it just showed that he had grown as a driver and he is also thinking about the championship much more." Verstappen's own rundown of his Monaco triumph also suggests that his mental block on that particular circuit has now been left in the past.  "Up until then [2021] I didn’t really enjoy the Monaco weekend," he added. "I had a shunt and a bit of bad luck with strategy, stuff like this. "It never really worked out in my favour, so to win that race, once I crossed the line, I was very relieved that it was over."  At 24-years-old, it is clear that the imperfections are being ironed out of Verstappen's skill set as he heads into the new season with another year of experience in the bank. Hamilton faces a formidable rival who may still be on the ascent, which is bad news for the pursuit of world title numbers eight as he ventures further into his late thirties. Many feel as though retirement from F1 may not be too far off, and some suspected it might have already happened in light of his prolonged post-Abu Dhabi silence. But the Stevenage-born star will be back for 2022, where points in Monaco could prove crucial if Mercedes and Red Bull once again prove worthy opponents. Duel: Hamilton vs Verstappen will air on Sky Sports Main Event on Sunday at 7pm and on demand.