Netflix’s popular F1 documentary has come under fire in the past for its narrative. Now Drive to Survive’s fourth season has been met with more controversy after Red Bull racer Max Verstappen refused to be interviewed, which has caused a considerable backlash on Twitter. Subscribers have taken to social media to complain after F1 driver Max declined to appear in the latest season of Drive to Survive. The latest instalment has received mixed reviews so far as the exhilarating racing series has taken some detours since season three. Notably, there was no sign of Lewis Hamilton’s stunning comeback during the Brazilian Grand Prix in 2021. Fans were arguably even more disappointed to discover there wasn’t a single interview included with one of Lewis’ fiercest rivals, Belgian-Dutch driver Max. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Twitter user Damien Gitton tagged Red Bull Racing to demand why Max failed to appear in the new season. “Why [did] Max Verstappen not take part in Drive to Survive? It’s just an insult to all F1 [fans].” And Akash called out Max personally, tweeting: “Max Verstappen is not in Drive to Survive??? Clown a** driver.” Explaining more about his decision to bow out from this year’s season, Max accused the series of creating false narratives about his F1 career. He told Associated Press: “They faked a few rivalries which don’t really exist. “I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show. “I am not really a dramatic show kind of person, I just want facts and real things to happen.” However, the series is still heavily focussed on Lewis’ clashes with the Red Bull team, so Max’s boss Christian Horner has had to fill in for the world champion. DON'T MISS:Tales of the Walking Dead: Tyreese star teases reunion in AMC spin-off [EXCLUSIVE]Vikings' original cast member teases return in Netflix Valhalla sequel [INTERVIEW]Caitriona Balfe on difficulties of shooting Outlander pregnant [INSIGHT] F1 enthusiasts were naturally frustrated with his decision, as they were eager to gain more insight into Max’s career behind the wheel. “Season four of Drive to Survive is just making me hate Verstappen & Horner even more than I did at the end of last year,” Twitter user Nathan fumed. Although, others have agreed with Verstappen’s accusations of the docuseries peddling false narratives about the most recent F1 seasons. Kyle argued: “As someone that’s been an F1 fan for almost a decade, #DriveToSurvive is doing a disservice to the sport.” “I get that the point is to attract new fans, but they show up expecting a WWE-style circus. Verstappen’s comments about it being dishonest were spot on.” While Journeyer hit back: “Hard to argue with results though. There’s literally a whole generation of new fans purely off DTS.” And Arhaan Raje was still enjoying the series, tweeting: “Netflix including Lewis Hamilton’s voiceover while showing him hunting down three cars after serving a ten-second penalty at Silverstone gives me absolute chills.” Even so, if Drive to Survive continues to miss out on some of the biggest names in F1, it could start losing a sizable chunk of its audience if the series comes back for a fifth season. Drive to Survive season 4 is available to stream on Netflix.