Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans sarcastically described stories linking him with a move away from Brendan Rodgers’ side as ‘amazing’ amid speculation linking him with moves to Manchester United and Arsenal. The Belgian maestro has been a bright light in a faltering season for the Foxes, contributing an impressive seven goals and three assists from midfield. However, the Belgian playmaker will enter the final year of his contract at the King Power Stadium at the end of the season, where he will only be a matter of months away from agreeing a pre-contract agreement with potential clubs. A wide variety of clubs appear to be paying close attention to any and all developments with the 24-year-old who has already amassed 47 international caps for Belgium. While Leicester are believed to be keen on retaining the midfielder, this summer would represent their only real opportunity to extract a significant transfer fee, if he decides to not commit his future to the club. But the Belgian midfielder insists he is blocking out all the speculation and only focussing on Leicester’s season. “I try not to think about it much and focus on my own performance, it works well. But it’s actually amazing how much they talk about my future. Every day they name a different club,” he said in an interview with Belgian outlet Het Beland vsn Limburg, via Sport Witness. JUST IN: Gary Neville surprised Man Utd didn't try to sign 'unbelievable' Liverpool star “I have the feeling that people think that after this season I will be out of contract, when I still have one year left. I feel good here, I like living here, my children go to school here. I am happy both outside and inside football. And Leicester have ambition…” Reports from Belgium had recently linked with a potential move to Arsenal or Manchester United, who both appear to be in the market for a new central midfielder. Manchester City and Real Madrid are also believed to be holding an interest in the former AS Monaco man. But while his contractual situation is concerning Leicester fans, Tielemans was relaxed about the entire situation. “I am very calm about that. My contract expires in 2023 and it’s not that I absolutely want to leave,” he added. “I haven’t made my decision yet. If I have to stay another year, I will gladly do so. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo has made his feelings clear as Man Utd create new manager shortlist Mourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failure Chelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target “The club has been really great towards me. They remain very professional, just like me. That will not change.” The midfielder also responded to any rumours citing that he had rejected Leicester’s recent request to renew his current deal at the club. “There are talks between the club and my Let’s Play advisors. That will remain so. It’s not that I’m ignoring the club. I will study my options in the summer and make a decision,” Tielemans said while shrugging his shoulders. “My family is the most important to me. I’m not going somewhere where I know my family isn’t happy. As a father of two children, you have to think about that too.”