Yellowstone 1883 has now come to an end on Paramount Plus but the franchise will continue to expand. Faith Hill wowed audiences as first-generation Dutton, Margaret, in the first prequel TV series. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about her first marriage. Audrey Faith McGraw is known in the world of showbiz as Faith Hill and she is a renowned country singer and actress. She has recorded several duets with her husband Tim McGraw, who is also a singer. The pair star together as husband and wife Margaret and James Dutton in the 1883 series. Their natural chemistry is due to the fact they have been married in real life since 1996. But before this, the actress was married to another music star. READ MORE: Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch In 1988, she was wed to music publishing executive Daniel Hill. Shortly after the release of her first album, Take Me as I Am, the pair divorced in 1994. Following the divorce, the actress spent time touring as an opening music act for country artists. She began a joint tour with Tim McGraw in the spring of 1996. At the time, McGraw had broken up with then-fiancee Kristine Donahue. Meanwhile Hill was engaged to Scott Hendricks, a record producer. Yet Hill and McGraw could not help but see the sparks fly and the two began a romantic relationship. They married in October 1996 and have three daughters together, Gracie Katherine, Maggie Elizabeth and Audrey Caroline. Since then, Hill has won countless awards for her music and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2019. DON'T MISS... Has Yellowstone 1883 been cancelled? Taylor Sheridan explains [EXPLAINER] Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner issues warning about future of series [INSIGHT] Yellowstone season 5: Beth Dutton pushed out of family as star hints [THEORY] As for her acting career, she has appeared in The World's Best, Pickler and Ben, and was a coach on The Voice. Fans may be interested to hear she had a guest appearance in an episode of Yellowstone, titled No Kindness for the Coward. The star appeared as Margaret in a flashback scene as part of the original series. Hill and McGraw have just taken part in their next joint venture as 1883 has come to an end. They performed together at the American Rodeo on March 6, at the AT+T Stadium in Texas. The couple admitted they found it hard to come to terms with the tragic moments in the 1883 finale. Following an arrow wound to her liver, their on-screen daughter Elsa (Isabel May) died in her dad’s arms. Hill told Variety: "He [McGraw] couldn’t read it because he was bawling. "It took me about an hour to read it to him because most of the time, I couldn’t catch my breath I was crying so hard.”  The Yellowstone franchise will continue with the prequel 1932, which is in the making for Paramount+