Gustavo Fring (played by Giancarlo Esposito) is poised for an action-packed storyline in the sixth season of Better Call Saul with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) on the warpath and AMC and Netflix viewers desperate to see the next steps which led him to be the ultimate kingpin Breaking Bad fans are familiar with. Of course, his survival is inevitable given his presence in Breaking Bad but this will be the final time actor Esposito dusts off Mr Fring’s iconic yellow Los Pollos Hermanos shirt on screens. However, fans keen to see more of Esposito will be pleased to know he won’t be off screens for too long. AMC announced this week the Gus actor will lead the way in the new drama The Driver. The series is an adaptation of the British original and is penned to air on AMC and AMC+ next year. Esposito will be taking the reins over from The Walking Dead’s David Morrisey who fronted The Driver on the BBC back in 2014. READ MORE: Better Call Saul season 6: Bob Odenkirk sparks panic for series finale The original drama was created by writing legend Danny Brocklehurst who’s also written other British classics such as Brassic, Safe, The Stranger, and In the Dark. Esposito released an official statement following the announcement to express his joy at landing the role. The Better Call Saul star said [via Deadline]: “I am over-the-moon excited, enthused and inspired to be in collaboration with the stellar network and creative team of AMC. “Thanks for believing in me. It’s great to be back home.” AMC entertainment president Dan McDermott praised the appointment, adding: “Giancarlo is a singular talent who is already beloved by AMC viewers through his standout performances in Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul, “We are excited to be continuing his relationship with AMC and AMC+ in a series built around him and an unforgettable character who takes what he thinks is a straightforward job opportunity and finds himself confronted with a world that tests him in ways he could never have imagined.” While a release date for The Driver remains under wraps, Better Call Saul fans don’t have long to wait until the likes of Gus, Jimmy (Bob Odenkirk) and Mike (Jonathan Banks) are back on screens. The first part of season six will get underway on April 18. DON'T MISS:'Lucky' Bob Odenkirk on twist of fate after sudden heart attackBetter Call Sau's Kim Wexler star teases fans with ‘devastating' finalBetter Call Saul: Fans pen tributes as Bob Odenkirk returns to set Split into two parts, the second half of the final season will return on July 11. And while spoilers have been heavily guarded by the cast and crew, Odenkirk has been dropping slight teases about what fans can expect. Speaking to Howard Stern on his SiriusXM show, Odenkirk was asked if he and the BCS team “got it right”. He replied: “I think we did. It's a killer ending. Boy, it's good.” Odenkirk went on to drop an almighty teaser Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul fans’ way. "It's not a spoiler but one of the cool things about the final season is that the two shows, Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul, have never been more connected.” Fans will have to wait until the sixth season arrives to find out exactly what’s in store but with the likes of Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn)and Nacho Varga (Michael Mando) not appearing in Breaking Bad, their fates, in particular, will make for interesting viewing. Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK.