Boxing legend Wladimir Klitschko is fearful of another Chernobyl or Fukushima atrocity, as he worries Russian forces will attack Ukrainian power plants. Since the invasion nine days ago Klitschko has been an active speaker surrounding the war, with he and his fellow former fighter brother - and mayor of Kyiv - Vitali revealing this week they are ‘ready to fight and die’ to defend their nation. Overnight it was reported that Russian shelling had led to a fire at Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant, the largest plant in the whole of Europe. Following this, Klitschko has fears that if these sorts of attacks continue from Putin’s troops, then Ukraine could be left with another nuclear tragedy similar to the Chernobyl and Fukushima accidents. Declaring his worries on Twitter the former heavyweight champion tweeted: “If this war in Ukraine is not STOPPED NOW the world will face another Chernobyl/Fukushima combined. JUST IN: Anthony Joshua's five realistic 'interim fight' options if Oleksandr Usyk rematch delayed  Ukraine has 4 nuclear power plants and Russian army is shooting rockets and bombing right next to it.” “Don’t look away, STOP Russian invasion NOW!!!” Klitschko’s claims followed up a similar statement from his nation’s president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, who called for Europe to ‘wake up’ following the nuclear plant fire. The president said: “Europe must wake up now.The largest nuclear station in Europe is on fire. READ MORE: Boxing icon Vitali Klitschko admits 'we killed six people' as Ukraine fighter defends Kyiv  “Right now Russian tanks are shelling nuclear units. “Those are the tanks that have thermal vision, so they know where they are shelling… “If there will be an explosion, it will be the end to all of us: the end of Europe, the evacuation of Europe. “Only immediate action of Europe can stop Russian troops and prevent the death of Europe from the disaster at a nuclear station.”  The Klitschko brothers - who are famed for their impressive boxing careers - have made no secret of the attempts to defend their country against the Russian invasion. And in an interview with CNN they revealed they are ready to fight and protect Ukraine at any cost. Vitali told the US news outlet: “We’re not interested in how strong the Russian army is, we’re ready to fight. “And we’re ready to die for our home country and for our families, because it’s our home. It’s our future and somebody wants to come to our home and steal our future from us.” 