On March 25, driving laws will be extended to make it illegal for drivers to use a hand-held mobile phone while driving under virtually any circumstance. It is already illegal to text or make a phone call - other than in an emergency - using a hand-held device while driving. New laws will go further to ban drivers from using their phones to take photos or videos, scroll through playlists or play games. This means anyone caught using their hand-held device while driving will face a £200 fixed penalty notice and six points on their licence. It follows a public consultation which found that 81 percent of drivers supported the proposals. Motorists will still be able to continue using a device “hands-free” while driving, such as a sat-nav, if it’s secured in a cradle. READ MORE: RAC calls for car tax rates to be cut They must, however, always take responsibility for their driving and can be charged with an offence if the police find them not to be in proper control of their vehicle. Edmund King, AA President, said: “There is no excuse for picking up a mobile phone when driving so we are pleased this loophole will be closed. “Phones do so much more than calls and texts, so it is only right that the law is changed to keep pace with technology. “Tweets, TikTok and Instagram snaps can all wait until you park up. DON'T MISSConfusion over which vehicles are exempt from new car tax changes [INSIGHT]DVLA launch new campaign to warn drivers of £1,000 car tax fine [WARNING]Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' [SHOCKING] “These new rules will clarify the law and help drivers realise that this dangerous act can have the same consequences and be as socially unacceptable as drink driving. “If you can’t resist the temptation to pick up your phone, then you should convert your glovebox into a phone box. “Drivers will be extremely limited on when they can pick up their phone, mainly to call the emergency services when there was no opportunity to safely pull over and to make contactless payments at drive-thrus. "Being sat in a traffic jam or waiting at the lights is not an excuse, we want people to keep their hands on the wheel and their eyes on the road.” Using a mobile phone while driving first became illegal in December 2003 and made stricter in 2007. The law was updated to impose stronger punishments on motorists who broke the rules of the road. They could incur three penalty points on their licence on top of a £60 fine, which increased to £200. If a road user is using their phone and this contributes to an accident, or the driving is deemed careless or dangerous, then fines and penalties increase significantly. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps praised the new law change, saying he hoped it would lead to a change in driving habits. He said: “Too many deaths and injuries occur while mobile phones are being held. “By making it easier to prosecute people illegally using their phone at the wheel, we are ensuring the law is brought into the 21st century while further protecting all road users. “While our roads remain among the safest in the world, we will continue working tirelessly to make them safer, including through our award-winning THINK! campaign, which challenges social norms among high-risk drivers.”