The numbers genius is the latest big name backer of a huge national jamboree to mark the climax of the Queen’s momentous Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. And to get things started the mother-of-two joined schoolchildren to make and decorate colourful banners.  The numbers genius is the latest big name backer of a huge national jamboree to mark the climax of the Queen’s momentous Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. And to get things started the mother-of-two joined schoolchildren to make and decorate colourful banners. Rachel, 36, said: “Thank You Day is going to be Britain’s biggest ever thank you party – so we have to do it in style. That’s why we need to unleash the creativity and imagination of our brilliant schoolchildren to make sure the day looks fantastic. “Our message to kids is clear – whether you are saying thank you to a teacher or coach, a friend or family member, or even the Queen for an incredible 70 years of service, it’s time to show us what you can do. “We need decorations that are fit for a record-breaking day. “So really think about who you would most like to thank, get those creative juices flowing, and let’s bring the bunting for Britain’s biggest ever thank you party.”  Rachel was put through her paces by children at Oldfield Primary School in Greenford, West London, and encouraged others across the UK to join the fun and design and create their own bunting for the day. Every class is being asked to create a line of their own thank you bunting, and in the week before half-term display it outside their school to get the nation in the mood. Some of the most striking bunting will be used to bring the whole country to life - decorating everything from bandstands and community halls, railway stations and hospital wards – with some very special pieces being chosen to be chosen to be displayed at Tate Britain, home of some of the nation’s greatest masterpieces.  On June 5 - the final day of the Platinum Jubilee weekend - communities across the UK will come together for Thank You Day, backed by the Daily Express. It will be a chance for a grateful nation to pay reverence to a monarch who has led by example. Organisers hope more than 10 million people participate - making it the biggest mass gathering in British history.  Big name backers include England football manager Gareth Southgate, TV’s Lorraine Kelly, Great British Bake Off judge Prue Leith, Daily Express columnist Alan Titchmarsh and actor Ross Kemp. The day-long jamboree is also being supported by entrepreneur Levi Roots, gold medal winning Paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds, and Paralympic wheelchair racer Anne Wafula Strike. It also has universal backing from a slew of big-name British businesses, the NHS, National Lottery, Royal Voluntary Service, the Scouts and Church of England. Thank You Day is an initiative from The Together Coalition, which includes the NHS, the Church of England, the Scouts, the National Association of Head Teachers, the Association of School and College Leaders. The tradition started last year when Britain was battered by Covid as a way of getting together with families and neighbours to celebrate what makes communities special. The message was simple: It did not matter how we did it, just that people got together and said a humble thank you. Geoff Barton, of the Association of School and College Leaders, said: “I’m delighted  so many people working across education will be actively supporting this year’s Thank You Day. “Amid these troubling times the continuity provided by the Queen, plus a renewed desire to celebrate the great work in our communities, should make this a special moment symbolised by distinctive children’s bunting messages plus a host of special events.” 