Manchester United's next manager has been told the first signing he needs to make at Old Trafford. United are set to appoint a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the summer when interim boss Ralf Rangnick takes up a consultancy role. And former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor has sent a message of advice to the new boss. United currently sit fifth in the Premier League table and are in a fight to finish in the top four. They are just a point behind Arsenal in fourth but the Gunners have three games in hand. United are still in the Champions League, which could provide an alternative route into the competition next season if they were to upset the odds and win it this term. Cristiano Ronaldo is United's top scorer in all competitions so far this campaign, with 15 goals to his name. JUST IN: Chelsea's Abramovich sanctions could force rivals Arsenal into transfer rethink  But there has been speculation that Ronaldo's return will only last one year. Edinson Cavani is almost certain to leave at the end of his contract and Anthony Martial's future is in doubt following his loan move to Sevilla in January. Agbonlahor believes buying a top striker must be the priority for United ahead of any other signing. However, he is unsure of who the Red Devils will be able to attract. DON'T MISSWhat Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures [NEWS]Rio Ferdinand and Gary Lineker in full agreement on Karim Benzema as Real Madrid stun PSG [REACTION]Harry Kane tells Tottenham team-mates he will snub Man Utd and Man City on two conditions [TRANSFERS]  "Going forward, especially next season, Manchester United need to go out and get a top centre-forward don't they," he said on talkSPORT. "If they want to challenge for the top four next season, challenge for the Premier League, they need [a striker]." Erling Haaland is likely to leave Borussia Dortmund when his release clause becomes active. But Agbonlahor doubts if the Norwegian would want to join United, saying: "I don't know, because Haaland's not going to go to Manchester United. I think he'd choose a lot better teams than United."  Harry Kane has been a long-term target for United but Agbonlahor cannot see the England captain getting a move away from Tottenham. He added: "How's [Kane] going to go? He tried last season, Daniel Levy said no. "I still think Daniel Levy is not going to let him go. Without Harry Kane, Spurs have got no chance of top four." Ronaldo signed a two-year deal when he rejoined United from Juventus last summer.  But Agbonlahor reckons it is likely he will be on his way come the end of this season. He said: "Ronaldo's not that player is he, he's never been on the bench in his career. He's not going to accept now being on the bench. "I think next season Ronaldo might leave because if he's not starting now, and Manchester United do end up getting a striker in the summer, Ronaldo's not going to accept playing a bit-part is he? Being on the bench. He's not that guy."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here