Whether homeowners buy them online or do a DIY job, radiator covers do a great job of concealing ugly heaters. However, Daniel Nezhad, the director of UK Radiators, cautioned that they’ll leave radiators working overtime. He explained how this hack will leave Britons paying more for their energy bills. Daniel said: “Whether in your own home or someone else’s, we have all come across an unsightly radiator at one point or another.” They’re just a necessary evil when it comes to keeping the house warm, he stated. He explained that unless homeowners have fitted designer radiators, the alternatives often aren’t the most aesthetically pleasing. There are some lovely sleek, tall radiators available these days, but for those renting, the choices aren’t great. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it So it’s understandable that many want to hide them with radiator covers and cabinets. However, Daniel explained that this could lead to Britons spending more on their bills. He said: “However, doing so isn’t recommended and could actually cost you more than you think. “Covering your radiator will significantly impact its ability to heat your home.” DON'T MISS: DIY renovator created 'sense of peace' using clever paint trick [INSIGHT]Garden weeds: ‘Effective’ 29p trick to ‘banish’ weeds from your garden [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 1p hack to clean glass shower screens [COMMENT] Daniel argued that the heat from the radiator will be trapped behind the cover, flowing out far slower than it would from an uncovered radiator. He added: “This means it needs to work harder and use more energy to sufficiently heat its surroundings. “Over time, this could drastically increase the cost of your energy bills.” Rising energy prices mean many are all more conscious of how long they’re leaving their heating on right now. One great solution is to paint the radiator the same colour as the wall to make it disappear. This will also take up much less space than installing a cover. Alternatively, Britons could look into how efficient their underfloor heating is and see if this could be an option longer term. Radiator covers do provide a handy extra surface for storing keys and homeware accessories and stop an unattractive radiator from clashing with the decor. It is important to speak to a professional before covering them with anything too bulky. What’s more, make sure there isn’t a sofa or armchair blocking the radiator, as this will stop heat from flowing around the room. Moving these bulky items will allow the warm air to properly circulate around the room. This will also save the boiler from having to overwork to try and get the room to the desired temperature.