After the season one finale in 2019, fans of the Netflix crime series had been eagerly awaiting the return of Top Boy to gain answers about the fate of their favourite characters. With the second season’s release last week, star Michael Ward said goodbye to his character, Jamie, with a heartfelt tribute.   WARNING SEASON TWO SPOILERS AHEAD After giving a false confession and taking responsibility for a gun which was planted in his brother’s bag, season two began with Jamie (played by Michael Ward) preparing to be released from prison. In order for the footage of Ats Ayittey (Keiyon Cock) planting the bag to be handed to the police Jamie had to surrender control and work under Dushane (Ashley Walters). He agreed to do so and soon returned to care for his brothers as their primary carer, however, he was faced with hostility. This was because Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr) was focused on university exams, hoping to stay away from gang affliction and Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi) who was hurt about being set up by Ats who was his best friend. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps Jamie soon found his footing back on the streets, mainly spending his time in Morocco and Spain setting up a distribution deal for the drugs to travel to London. As the series came to a close, everything appeared to be going well with the brothers until they had a knock at the door. When Jamie answered the door to his business partner Sully (Kane Robinson), he was shot dead in front of his siblings. Although the shocking cliffhanger didn’t confirm Jamie’s death, fans know Sully wasn’t the type to miss any shots.  In fact, Michael Ward’s departure from the series was confirmed by the actor himself as he took to Instagram to post a heartfelt tribute to the show. The 23-year-old shared a series of behind the scenes photos alongside the cast including one with his onscreen brothers. In the caption, he wrote: “Made some memories that’ll last forever with some people I’ll never forget.” Having seemingly confirmed the death of his character, fans swarmed his comments to share their heartache at the season finale.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]Top Boy season 3: Ra'Nell to make surprise return after Jamie death? [THEORY]Top Boy season 2: Why did Sully kill Jamie? [INSIGHT] @Tobyl06 wrote: “That finale left me shook bro.” @Scotiancandy902 shared: “My whole heart after watching the last episode.” @44blocka_nunu exclaimed: “Naw bro THEY BETTER BRING YOU BACK ‼” While a devastated @dmsnidris commented: “NOOO, are you confirming it? Jamie has to come back.”  @laacolee shared their well wishes: “no why you leaving the show? you did amazing this season proud of you cannot wait to see you in more projects” As @mustafa.mtfc suggested: “Bro I’m begging that you dreamed that we need you in season 3 pls.” As the finale aired less than a week ago, it's too early to say whether bosses will decide to kill Jamie off or if he will somehow survive the shooting. A third season has yet to be announced, but it is likely to be picked up for another instalment due to its popularity, demand and cliffhanger ending. Top Boy is available on Netflix. 