Will Smith, who won Best Actor for his leading role in King Richard, stormed the stage at the Oscars 2022 and slapped Chris Rock in the face after the comedian made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett-Smith. During Sunday night's ceremony, chaos ensued after the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star reacted to the comic's jibe. Chris, 57, joked that he was excited to see Jada in GI Jane 2, referencing Demi Moore who famously shaved her head for the role. “Jada, I love you. GI Jane 2, can’t wait to see you,” the comic said, in a seeming reference to Will's wife's haircut. Last year, Jada announced that she had shaved her head after being diagnosed with alopecia. Will walked onto the stage and hit Chris, before returning to his seat and shouting: “Keep my wife’s name out your f***ing mouth.” READ MORE: Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress Ahead of the ceremony, the Ali actor took to Instagram and shared some candid shots alongside his wife as they prepared for the Oscars. The couple pulled silly faces into the camera. In view of his 60 million followers, he penned: "Me ‘n @jadapinkettsmith got all dressed up to choose chaos." But a few hours after the post, the actor reportedly shared another comment on the picture-sharing site.  He joked: "You can’t invite people from Philly or Baltimore nowhere!!" He was referring to his hometown of Philadelphia and Jada's hometown of Baltimore. It comes after viewers witnessed the shocking moment Will had slapped Chris on stage which sparked a backlash from some viewers. Chef Monica fumed: "Wrong wrong wrong! Terrible thing you did!" DON'T MISS... Lily Collins laments 'end of an era' after Phil Collins' last show[LATEST]Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown[PICTURES]Strictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell[STRICTLY] Glock and Talk commented: "Philly Boy can't take a joke! Hope Chris takes you to court." Steven Perez remarked: "Uncalled for and unprofessional. Wasn't that serious." Linda scolded: "Dude you need to chill." While Nema added: "Please tell me that moment was fake?" Will then later apologised for his outburst in his tearful Best Actor acceptance speech. He said: "I want to apologise to the Academy. I want to apologise to all my fellow nominees. "Art imitates life. I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams. "But love will make you do crazy things." Will won the first Oscar of his career for playing the father of tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams in King Richard.