Oti Mabuse is typically still snoozing when her husband, fellow dancing pro Marius Lepure wakes up - and she might still be in bed when the clock hits midday. However she has just revealed the reason she feels absolutely "no guilt" about lying in. Long before everyone else's alarm sounds out, Oti initially makes the earliest start of all. "I’m an extreme early bird," she confessed to Women's Health magazine, "so I’ll wake up at three o’clock in the morning!" The star then sits up in bed checking her emails and text messages while the rest of the nation is peacefully slumbering. She even uses her shockingly early starts as an opportunity to choreograph new dance routines. "I’ll look at the current routine for things we can improve on," she explained. READ MORE: Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion Though the time she starts her day would likely leave most breakfast show hosts looking lazy, Oti then flexes another boss move - and goes back to bed. "I’ll go back to sleep and wake up again at about eight o’clock when I can hear my husband getting up," she revealed. "But if I don’t have Strictly it won’t be until 12pm – I have no guilt for lying in." Aside from that energy surge in the middle of the night, Oti's routine on her days off rivals any night owl's. She shrugs off claims that she's eccentric, explaining: "Three o’clock is just when my body tells me to wake up! "I usually wake up slow, not tired or energetic, but once I’m fully awake that’s when the going gets going!" Giving a further insight into her routine, she confessed: "I do really high intensity interval workouts. "It’s either the treadmill or the assault bike, and I do lots of squats, weights and functional training. It’s anything and everything, basically." DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [LATEST] Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again [UPDATE] Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [DEBATE]  Her Strictly friends Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer sometimes join her too, although lockdown culture is prevailing even post-restrictions. "We’ll do it online now as we all have the same kind of workout machines," she revealed. "Gorka will set up a workout for us to all do together." Meanwhile she added that she had "the most energy and positivity" earlier in the day, warning: "Don’t catch me at 10 o’clock at night, because I’m flat!"  The 31-year-old South African is also putting her insatiable energy into other ventures besides dance. She and her two sisters, Motsi and Phemelo, are all trained professional dancers themselves, but Oti recently made the dramatic decision to walk away from Strictly. According to former judge Arlene Phillips, part of the reason for her departure is that she'll be launching a new perfume. The fiercely ambitious star can also currently be found on the Dancing On Ice judging panel.