Liverpool are currently exploring the signing of Raphinha from Leeds despite landing Luis Diaz in January, according to reports. The Reds are continuing to show huge ambition in the transfer market despite seemingly completing their attack in the winter window with the £37.5million acquisition of the Colombian from Porto. Since then, Liverpool have been a whole different animal having now won nine Premier League matches on the spin. They have also conceded just one goal in their last seven league outings - closing the gap on Manchester City to just a single point. However, the Reds are not prepared to stand still, particularly given the uncertainty surrounding Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's long-term futures at Anfield. Come June, the pair will enter the final 12 months of their contracts, a proposition that will prompt concern. Liverpool would ideally like to keep both but negotiating a package that satisfies all parties will not come cheap. Salah and his agent are understood to be asking for around £400,000 per week. Those kind of figures would completely destroy Liverpool's current wage structure, which the club has been working hard to preserve over the years. In the background, Fabrizio Romano claims Liverpool are exploring a deal for Raphinha, who could potentially be available on the cheap. “Liverpool are exploring the possibility of signing Raphinha," Romano said on YouTube. "If Leeds get relegated, there will be some really interesting clauses. It’s around £25m, so it could be a big opportunity on the market." He continued: “Let me just add, Chelsea were at the front of the queue for Raphinha in the January window.” Leeds relegation is now looking unlikely after the Whites moved seven points clear of the drop zone with a dramatic 3-2 win at Wolves. Jesse Marsch's side had trailed the hosts until the second half when the game was flipped on its head following Raul Jimenez's controversial red card. Goals from Jack Harrison, Rodrigo and captain Luke Ayling saw Leeds record a stunning victory at Molineux to strengthen their chances of survival. It could also boost their hopes of keeping their Brazilian international winger, who missed the match in the Black Country. Barcelona and Arsenal are also understood to be monitoring Raphinha's situation.