Emma Raducanu is on a collision course with former world No 1 Simona Halep after learning the draw to the Miami Open. Raducanu goes in off the back of playing in the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells, where she beat Caroline Garcia first up before being knocked out by Croatia's Petra Martic in a tense three-set match. Like in California, the British teenager has been handed a bye in her first round match this week, before a potentially tricky test against the Czech Republic's Katerina Siniakova in round two. Siniakova, 25, is currently ranked the No 1 doubles player in the world and faces a qualifier first up in Miami. Should Raducanu prevail, it is likely she will then tick off one of her ambitions by facing Romanian star Halep. Her father, Ian, hails from the same country as the former French Open and Wimbledon winner, and the 19-year-old has made no secret of her desire to face one of her idols. Halep, 30, also has a bye in round one, and will then face the winner of the Daria Saville v Greet Minnen tie. And the player who led the rankings twice between 2017 and 2019, for a total of 64 weeks, goes in off the back of a good tournament in Indian Wells. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal appears to drop retirement hint after losing Indian Wells final to Fritz She cruised into the final four without dropping a set, but then came unstuck against Polish player Iga Swiatek. After losing the first set 8-6 on a tiebreak, she failed to battle back as the youngster prevailed 6-4 in the second - before going on to beat Greek player Maria Sakkari in the final. If the Halep scenario does play out, then another former world no 1 is likely to lie in wait for Raducanu, who burst onto the scene so spectacularly last September by becoming the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam when she captured the US Open. Czech player Karolina Pliskova is in line to be a quarter-final opponent, DON'T MISS:Rafael Nadal beaten for first time in 2022 as Taylor Fritz wins maiden Indian Wells titleRoger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star posts promising updateRafa Nadal Indian Wells defeat spurs Carlos Alcaraz on with defiant five-word response Swiatek is now the top seed for this tournament, which gets underway on Wednesday, alongside Belarusian player Aryna Sabalenka. As a result, both have been handed first round byes. In another notable tie, Naomi Osaka opens up against Astra Sharma. The winner till face Angelique Kerber.