Libra is the star sign given to those born between September 23 and October 23. It is the seventh astrological sign in the zodiac and is represented by the scales. Libra’s element is air, and its ruling planet is Venus, their top love match is with a Gemini. So what can Libra expect in terms of love, career and happiness today? Libra’s scales reflect their fixation on balance and harmony. This star sign is obsessed with symmetry and strives to create equilibrium in all areas of life. So what’s in store for Libra today? According to horoscope.com: “Love certainly seems to make the world go round today, Libra. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Virgo urged to ‘resolve conflict’ “Is everyone around you deeply involved in a new or revitalised romance? “You may be smitten with a very exciting person, perhaps from a foreign country or in the field of law, education, or publishing. “Don't fight it, and don't worry about getting hurt. “Relax and let yourself be loved. DON'T MISS...Anne Diamond weight loss: How TV presenter shrank from size 20 to 12 [PICTURES]Kate Middleton a vision in £245 pink zebra Rixo dress ‘A goddess!’ [NEWS]Keto nutritionist on how to lose weight successfully [EXCLUSIVE] “If nothing else, you should have a wonderful day.” Experts also divulged Libra’s love reading: “Others seem to outdo your capacity to impress today. “You have every opportunity to make your mark where a certain person is concerned. “However, they also have designs on you, and maybe very determined. “Startled is not the word, taken aback is getting close, but whatever you do, don't run away. This is too precious.” Any Libra’s looking for guidance in their career, astrologers explained: “You are good at the idea end of things, but now is the time to deal with the reality end of things. “It is essential that you are practical and stable so that you can actually manifest the dreams that you have been dreaming for so long.” Horoscope.com also revealed what Libra’s greatest challenges in life are. They said: “Libra is great at making everyone happy—but what good is that if Libras themselves don't feel fulfilled? “While the Scales have a fine-tuned internal compass, they sometimes ignore what they want in favour of what makes everyone else happy—and this habit ends up backfiring in the long run.”