The third day of the Cheltenham races took place today and many guests donned green, white, or orange in honour of St. Patrick. Zara Tindall was no exception and opted to don green to celebrate the Irish holiday. Zara Tindall attended the races today, March 17, with her husband Mike and close friend Dolly Maude. The royal was pictured donning a teal wool coat and a pale blue fascinator hat. The coat was by luxury British fashion designer Claire Mischevani, whose website offers a plethora of unique coats for thousands of pounds. The brand is a favourite amongst the royals and other members of the family have been seen wearing Claire Mischevani coats in the past. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps In December 2018, Princess Beatrice and Autumn Phillips, Zara’s brother’s former wife, were pictured wearing the brand’s coats at the Sandringham Christmas service. Autumn’s coat was green, while Beatrice’s was navy blue with gold finishes. Zara opted for a deep teal version today to pay homage to St. Patrick. The coat featured a high collar and a belt cinched around the waist, which Zara had tied in a neat bow. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] She finished off the look with chunky velour heels, which were also green, and a crocodile print bag. The bag was square-shaped and had a silver envelope clasp. Zara’s hat was pale blue and beret-like, topped with a bow and leaf-like decorations. The hat was by Juliette Botterill, while the royal’s shoes were by Emmy London. Zara’s bag was by royal favourite Aspinal of London. As for jewellery, the royal opted for a dangling silver pair with pear-drop pearls. These were from London-based jewellery brand Laurence Coste. Although Zara’s exact coat is no longer available on the Claire Mischevani website, the mauve version is. Costing £895, the coat is made from Italian wool and named the “Finola”. Today was not the first day Zara attended the races. Yesterday, March 16, the royal donned a £2,900 coat designed by London-based designer Laura Green. Named the “Mairi”, Laura Green describes the garment on its website as a “military inspired trench coat”. Zara looked in high spirits despite the rain and even shared a kiss with her husband Mike in public.