Mohamed Salah and his Egyptian team-mates were subjected to racist abuse and had “bottles and rocks” thrown at them during the warm-up for their crunch World Cup play-off with Senegal, according to the Egypt FA. Egypt failed to qualify for the World Cup as Senegal prevailed 3-1 in a penalty shoot-out after the two-legged tie ended 1-1 on aggregate in Dakar.    The visitors took a 1-0 lead into the second leg in Senegal but saw it cancelled out in the fourth minute by an own goal from Hamdi Fathi. In a repeat of the Africa Cup of Nations final on February 6, the two sides could not be split over 120 minutes, forcing a penalty shoot-out for a place at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Like at AFCON, it was Senegal who came out on top, with Liverpool forward Sadio Mane once again scoring the winning spot-kick. Mane’s club team-mate Salah was one of Egyptians to miss his effort in a shoot-out marred by lasers being pointed into the eyes of the visiting players. The Egyptian FA have now claimed that lasers were far from the only things their players had to put up with. In fact, they had submitted an official complaint against Senegal to the Confederation of African Football and FIFA before the match had even kicked off. JUST IN: Harry Maguire 'enjoyed' England duty despite 'ridiculous' boos  "The Egypt national team have been exposed to racism with offensive signs in the stands against the Egyptian players in general, and Mohamed Salah in particular,” a statement from the Egyptian FA read. "The crowd also intimidated the players by throwing bottles and rocks on them during the warm-up. The Egyptian group's buses have also been exposed to assaults that led to broken windows and injuries; filed with pictures and videos as proof in the complaint submitted." Pictures on the Egyptian FA’s Instagram page showed what it claimed was damage sustained to the team bus on the way to the Stade Me Abdoulaye Wade in Senegal’s capital. DON'T MISS Football official dies after pitch invasion in Nigeria vs Ghana tie Ronaldo and Fernandes put Man Utd woes aside to fire Portugal to WC Jordan Henderson baffled as he slams England fans who booed Maguire  It showed a smashed window and cracked glass, as well as home fans appearing to aim abuse at the Egyptian players while they warmed up. Another photo showed a banner which read: “**** you Salah”. A video on Twitter also showed Salah being pelted with objects as he was escorted off the pitch in the aftermath of the controversial penalty shoot-out. Having won their first ever AFCON title last month, Senegal have now qualified for just their third ever World Cup. The Lions of Teranga will discover their fate on Friday at 5pm when the group stage draw for Qatar World Cup is made. 