In the morning of Friday, a Chinese aircraft carrier reportedly sailed in the Taiwan Strait, a sensitive area of geostrategic importance. A brief announcement came from the Ministry of Defence of Taiwan confirming the incident, amid intensified tensions between Taipei and Beijing. During a call on Friday, Mr Biden warned the Chinese government not to get involved in the war in Ukraine by helping Russia, as the bloodshed continues in the Eastern European country. Taiwan fears that China will take advantage of the world’s preoccupation with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and attempt to claim its territory by mimicking Putin's strategies. Beijing has said it intends to bring Taiwan back under its control through whatever means necessary. Taiwan has a defence pact with the US which means it would be required to defend the island should China try and invade. An unnamed source told Reuters the carrier Shandong did not have aircraft on its deck. The source noted it sailed close to the Taiwan-controlled island of Kinmen, which sits directly opposite the Chinese city of Xiamen. They added: "Around 10:30am the CV-17 appeared around 30 nautical miles to the southwest of Kinmen, and was photographed by a passenger on a civilian flight." Moreover, the source described the incident as a "provocative" move, due to its timing and the location of the sail. READ MORE: China to exploit Russia peace talks to secure sanction deal with US [INSIGHT]Ukraine crisis could motivate China's attack on Taiwan [ANALYSIS]Biden sends top war chief to Taiwan in warning to China [REPORT] They noted that it is unusual for these training sails to happen during daylight hours, while previous missions happen at night. On its side, the Chinese government said that the Shandong has a "routine training schedule". Zhao Lijian of the Chinese Foreign Ministry, stated: "We should not associate this with the communication between the heads of state of China and the United States.” On March 1, US defence and security officials visited Taiwan and had diplomatic talks, while an American warship sailed through the Taiwan Strait. US military forces then called the flight a routine exercise, but Beijing denounced the passing through of the vessel as a “provocative” move. DON'T MISS: China's ties with Russia tested as Beijing fails to back war