Chelsea have reportedly begun receiving 'several serious bids' this week as prospective buyers start the process of replacing Roman Abramovich. The Russian oligarch announced last week that he was putting Chelsea up for sale amid Russia's conflict with Ukraine. Russian businesses are being hit with economic sanctions all over the world with global governments condemning the military invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich is not believed to have been sanctioned so far, but he has faced scrutiny from MPs with Chris Bryant among those calling for the Chelsea owner to leave his post amid links to Vladimir Putin. Any new owner will have to stump up a record fee though with Abramovich said to be wanting around £3billion. That mammoth asking price still hasn't put off prospective buyers with the reigning European and Club World Cup champions seen as one of the world's biggest clubs. JUST IN: Man Utd's Antonio Rudiger plan at risk with Newcastle 'to compete'  UK billionaire and Chelsea fan Nick Candy is reportedly the latest tycoon hoping to enter the race to take over at Stamford Bridge. It's been suggested that any new owner will likely be a consortium though given the huge asking price set by Abramovich. According to PA news agency, Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss made their 'formal bid' on Tuesday. However, the report goes on to say that Abramovich has his doubts on the offer. DON'T MISS  The Raine Group are in charge of the bidding process, but Abramovich will still have some say in the sale of Chelsea. It is also claimed that some officials involved in the bidding process are 'bemused' that many candidates have made their interest in buying Chelsea public. Most of the interest appears to be coming from US investors with the Rickets Family, owners of the Chicago Cubs, among those in the running. Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak has also made several statements on his interest in buying Chelsea. Any new owners, particularly a consortium, will face extra scrutiny if there are any ties to Russian businesses. But British tycoon Candy is expected to lodge a formal bid by the end of the week worth around £2.5bn.  The Daily Mail claim Candy is in discussions with a number of US investors and one of his main points will be to rebuild Stamford Bridge. A spokesperson for Candy said: "Nick Candy is actively exploring a number of options for a potential bid for Chelsea Football Club. "Any bid would be made in conjunction with another party (or consortium) and we have serious interest from several international partners. "'Mr Candy has a huge affinity with Chelsea. His father was asked to play for the club and he has been watching matches at Stamford Bridge since the age of four. "The club deserves a world class stadium and infrastructure and Mr Candy's unique expertise and background in real estate would be a hugely valuable asset to delivering this vision."