Since Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, Putin has launched over a thousand missiles into Ukraine. Most recently, the international community has condemned Putin for destroying a maternity hospital and theatre in Mariupol that was filled with refugees taking cover from Russian shelling and bombardment. But new reports question Moscow’s military capabilities, as US officials claim that most of Russia’s missiles fail to fire.   Three US intelligence officials have told Reuters that Russia is reeling from failure rates as high as 60 percent for some of the precision-guided missiles it is using to attack Ukraine, according to a US assessment. This failure would explain why Russian forces have been struggling on the battlefield for over a month. Since invading Ukraine, it has failed to even neutralise the country’s air force, despite having far superior military capabilities. US officials revealed this information to Reuters anonymously and did not provide any proof to back their claim.   Russian missiles may have failed in a number of different ways, from launch failures to a missile failing to explode on impact. Earlier this week, US defence officials have stated that Putin has launched more than 1,100 missiles of different kinds since the war began. The anonymous US officials told Reuters that Russia's failure rate varies from day to day, depending on the type of missile being launched. One of the intelligence officials claimed that Russia's air-launched cruise missiles had a failure rate in the 20 to 60 percent range, depending on the day. READ MORE: Russia's 'doomsday machine' could submerge Ukraine under 330ft tsunami According to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies think tank's Missile Defence Project, Russia has rolled out two types of air-launched cruise missiles in Ukraine, the Kh-555 and Kh-101. Experts believed that a failure of anywhere higher than 20 percent would be considered high. The US believes that earlier this month Russian forces fired air-launched cruise missiles at a Ukrainian military base near the Polish border, killing 35 people in a strike. According to the officials, the two types of missiles had a particularly high failure rate during this attack. DON'T MISS: India comes to Russia's rescue and orders 15 MILLION barrels of oil  [REVEAL] Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears  [INSIGHT] UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found  [SPOTLIGHT]