Arsenal have been told to reconsider their reported attempts to sign Marcus Rashford from Manchester United as he is “not ready” to lead their frontline. According to Tony Cascarino, the England international lacks the clinical edge in front of goal to be relied upon to score regularly. Rashford’s future at Old Trafford appears to be in doubt after he made clear to the club that he had been unhappy with his playing time under Ralf Rangnick. His contract expires in the summer of 2023 and The Mirror report Arsenal are lining up a cut-price move this summer to test Man United’s resolve. The 24-year-old has recently lost his place in the side to teenage forward Anthony Elanga, who has impressed since being promoted from the development squad. As a contrast, Rashford has endured his toughest season as a professional with only five goals in all competitions for Man United this season. The forward missed the opening weeks of the season after undergoing shoulder surgery following the conclusion of Euro 2020. The Red Devils star returned to first-team action in October, but is yet to rediscover the form that made him a regular starter under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have now interviewed two other candidates' after Ten Hag Former striker Cascarino, who played for Milwall, Chelsea and Marseille in his career, believes that Rashford has room for improvement and could become a lethal striker in the future. But based on his current form, the north London club have been advised to look elsewhere for a striker this summer. "To be a natural striker, and this is something I learned along the way and I got better at as I got older, so Marcus could become better, because there’s no reason why someone can’t improve, you have to be very, very clinical," the former Republic of Ireland man told talkSPORT. "You have to punish because, if you’re going to a club like Arsenal, they’re looking to progress and be a Champions League team, so you have to be clinical in front of goal. "I joked and sometimes called [Alexandre] Lacazette ‘Lack a finish’, which is a bit harsh because I think he’s a decent player, but he’s not been clinical enough for Arsenal. They’ve needed that, for him to be punishing teams, and I don’t think Marcus is ready to do that at Arsenal.” DON'T MISSRonaldo left red-faced after Man Utd contract talks backfireMan Utd only have five guaranteed starters if Ten Hag appointedPogba doubles down on Man Utd comment as France ace drops future hint Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta is keen to sign a striker this summer with doubts arising over the futures of Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah. The Spaniard failed to lure Dusan Vlahovic and Alexander Isak in January, but could now turn to Rashford, who has scored 88 goals for his boyhood club since making his debut in 2016. It is unclear whether United would entertain the idea of selling to a rival. The club turned down an offer for Jesse Lingard from West Ham as they regarded the Hammers as their competition for a top-four finish. But with Lingard and Paul Pogba set to leave on free transfers this summer, and United hoping to fund a huge summer upheaval under their prospective new manager, Rashford may be the first high-profile name to head for the door.