Steven Spielberg’s West Side Story remake was lauded by critics upon its release last year and is now headed to the Oscars with seven Academy Awards nominations. However, fans were distraught by news from the film’s Maria star Rachel Zegler over the weekend. The 20-year-old has not been invited to the Hollywood ceremony, saying she’ll have to watch at home on the sofa and thanking her fans for their “shock and outrage” on her behalf. Zegler, who did attend the BAFTAs, wrote on Instagram on Sunday: “I don’t know y’all. I have tried it all but it doesn’t seem to be happening. I will root for West Side Story from my couch and be proud of the work we so tirelessly did 3 years ago. I hope some last-minute miracle occurs and I can celebrate our film in person but hey, that’s how it goes sometimes, I guess. Thanks for all the shock and outrage — I’m disappointed, too. but that’s okay. so proud of our movie.” Now a star of the 1961 West Side Story original has joined the remake lead’s cause, taking to social media to directly confront The Oscars. Russ Tamblyn, who played Jets leader Riff in the original West Side Story, tweeted his demands. The 87-year-old wrote: “@TheAcademy as a voting member and the original Riff, let me say: it’s your duty to find Rachel a seat at the Oscars. she STARS in #Westsidestory which is nominated across the board. When they say representation matters, this is what that means. Please do right by her.” The actor was originally nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the ceremony in 1957 for Peyton Place. DON'T MISSRita Moreno, 90, flaunts ageless beauty at Critics Choice Awards [RITA MORENO]West Side Story: Steven Spielberg remake BANNED in Gulf states [WEST SIDE STORY]West Side Story: Steven Spielberg on film’s touching connection to dad [STEVEN SPIELBERG] In terms of Oscars invites, Variety pointed out that film studios with Best Picture nominees are given an “undefined” number of tickets to the ceremony in Hollywood. It’s up to them whether they give these to cast members or not. West Side Story, which is now available to stream on Disney+, is up for seven Oscars in the following categories: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Support Actress (Ariana DeBose), Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, Best Production Design and Best Sound. The 94th Academy Awards take place on Sunday March 27, 2022.