Rafael Nadal's pathway to recovery from his latest injury has been outlined by compatriot and retired former world No 2 Alex Corretja. The 35-year-old had a career-best start to the season by winning his first 20 matches but suffered a stress fracture in one of his ribs during Indian Wells, forcing him to miss the start of the clay season - his most successful surface. Nadal enjoyed a career-best start to the season after returning from a foot injury, winning his first 20 matches which included titles in Melbourne, Acapulco and a record 21st Grand Slam at the Australian Open. But during his 20th successive victory in the Indian Wells semi-final against Carlos Alcaraz, the world No 3 picked up a stress crack in one of his ribs. He played through it in the final against Taylor Fritz, who was also carrying an ankle injury that almost forced him to withdraw ahead of the match, but it was the American who came out victorious to win his maiden Masters 1000 title in his home state of California. Nadal later flew home to have his injury assessed and announced that he would be out for four to six weeks after suffering a stress fracture during his last-four match. It means the Spaniard will be forced to miss the Monte Carlo Masters and Barcelona Open, where he is an 11 and 12-time champion, and will be left with little time to prepare ahead of the French Open where he is bidding for a 14th title and 22nd overall Major trophy. With his most successful tournament now under threat, Alex Corretja has shared the likely plan Nadal will follow to put him in the best position for the Parisian clay-court Grand Slam. JUST IN: Barty hints at tennis retirement U-turn as she teases future in golf  "This injury for Rafa was absolutely unexpected," the former pro-turned-pundit told Eurosport. "Honestly, he was in perfect form, with confidence, winning matches. It really was a perfect start for the season, but sometimes it can happen that when you haven’t competed for a while you start to win many sets, many matches and that sometimes causes a new injury, as has been the case this time. The real shame is that the best part of the season was coming for him: the clay." With Monte Carlo and Barcelona out of the window for Nadal, he will be gunning to get some matches on the clay under his belt before heading to the French Open. The Madrid Masters kicks off on May 1 with the Rome Masters following a week later before the Grand Slam tournament begins on May 22, and the world No 3 will be keen to pick up a title at one of both of the events before Roland Garros, especially with his chronic foot injury historically worsening when he is out of the game for two long. DON'T MISSKyrgios fires threat to Rublev with Aussie 'underdog' at Miami OpenKyrgios amazed by his own shot in Miami Open win vs MannarinoDraper's chances vs Norrie after using Djokovic lesson for title run   And Corrteja confirmed that competing in a clay tournament before the French Open would be a key part of Nadal's comeback plan as he continued: "Now he is going to have to recover, go back to training, and hopefully, he can play a tournament prior to Roland Garros because really the expectations, and the hopes that he will win again in Paris, are very high. Hopefully he will arrive in shape because I sincerely believe that it is very important that Nadal is on the circuit." Nadal lost in the semi-finals of the French Open last year to Novak Djokovic, who went onto win his second title at the clay-court Major and his then-19th Grand Slam title. He then played just two more matches in Washington in August before ending his season early with the foot injury, and will be gunning to have another shot at a 14th French Open crown this year. 