Liz Hurley has taken to Instagram to tell of her heartache at missing her ex-fiance Shane Warne's funeral, two weeks after his death from a suspected heart attack at the age of 52. The model, 56, shared a series of snaps from her engagement shoot to the legendary cricketer, as she revealed that work commitments combined with the time difference made it impossible to attend the sporting star's funeral in Australia. Liz posted a string of love-up pictures of her and Shane at the beach as she told of her heartbreak at not being able to say goodbye to her ex-fiance for the last time. She told her 2.3 million followers: "My heart aches that I can’t be in Australia tomorrow for Shane’s funeral. "I was filming last night and, with the time jump, physically can’t get there. "These pictures were taken in Sri Lanka to celebrate our engagement - we had all our children with us and it was the happiest time," the model added. READ MORE: Lily Allen goes braless in completely sheer white dress at GEM Awards Liz went on: "It still hasn’t really sunk in that he’s gone. "It seems too cruel that all the people who loved him will never have another Lion hug, but our memories will live forever. "RIP Lionheart, with love your Luna," she ended her post. Following the star's post, Liz was soon inundated with messages of support from her celebrity friends. Ladies of London star Caroline Stanbury simply left a sad face emoji. While Susannah Constantine penned: "Sending love my darling," followed by a red heart. Actress Ever Carradine also left a heart emoji. Following the cricket star's death at the start of March, Liz took to Instagram to tell of heartbreak at losing him. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Motsi Mabuse breaks silence on young niece's sudden death [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [ANALYSIS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [INSIGHT] She wrote: "I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. RIP my beloved Lionheart @shanewarne23.” Alongside her poignant words, Liz posted throwback pictures of her and Shane to document their relationship. Liz's son Damian Hurley also paid tribute to the Australian legend who he said he saw as a father figure. Damian wrote: "I’m still trying to wrap my head around this… "SW was a father figure to me for most of my formative years and was truly one the best men I’ve ever known. "My heart is broken. "Thinking of and sending love to all SW’s family," he finished. Liz and Shane were engaged for three years until 2013 when they cancelled their wedding.