Boris Johnson has announced a major push for the UK to invest in nuclear energy, with an aim to get a quarter of the country’s power from nuclear sources. The Prime Minister says he believes nuclear power is “absolutely crucial” to boost the UK’s self-reliance as the country turns its back on Russian hydrocarbons and foreign fossil fuels.  Nuclear power currently accounts for around 15 percent of the UK’s electricity generation. Yesterday, Mr Johnson met with Industry leaders to discuss how to remove barriers and progress future nuclear projects in the UK more quickly and cheaply. As the country looks to phase out fossil fuels and get a significant portion of its energy from nuclear sources, French President Emmanuel Macron is set to receive a major boost. France is a major player in the nuclear energy industry, as the French state-owned energy company EDF operates eight nuclear power stations in the UK.  According to their website, the company generates about 20 percent of the UK's electricity from its nuclear power stations, although other sources cite the figure as 16 percent. However, many of these nuclear reactors are ageing and set to close over the coming years. This new push for nuclear energy could mean that the UK Government could extend the lifeline of several of these old reactors, while also handing out contracts for new nuclear plants to various energy firms, including EDF. Last week, it was reported that the UK was looking to extend the life of the Sizewell B nuclear power plant on England’s east coast to 2055, 20 years longer than originally planned. READ MORE: Brexit Britain strikes £7.2bn nuclear deal to create 70K energy jobs Even as the country looks to end its reliance on Russian gas, this push for nuclear energy could mean that the UK stays on track for its net-zero goals. EDF’s Sizewell B plant in Suffolk, which generates 1.2 gigawatts of energy, can provide about 3 percent of the country’s electricity needs. The plant, which first operated in 1995, will be one of the only six nuclear power plants remaining by the end of the decade. At present, only one new station, the 3.2 gigawatt Hinkley Point C in Somerset, is currently under construction and will begin generating power by 2026. DON'T MISS:Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [ANALYSIS]UK to launch first power station in SPACE [REPORT]Germany blocks West from scuppering Putin's energy ties [INSIGHT] 