Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) has been looking forward to cutting the ribbon on her newly refurbished Woolpack which she recently purchased with her son Ryan Stocks (James Moore). So she was understandably left seething after Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) broke the news to her she would be hosting Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) and Vinny Dingle's (Bradley Johnson) wedding reception on the same day at the village's B&B. Will an enraged Charity cause her family to cut ties with her if she ruins the couple's special day? Charity has failed time and time again with her business ventures, which have often caused her to fall out with her family due to her inattentive approach to work. The soap stalwart has been finding it difficult to keep on top of things even before The Woolpack's reopening to the villagers. While Charity and her son Ryan are hoping to make the pub a success, their family members have made it clear they think they are both out of their depth. On Wednesday night's instalment of the ITV soap, Charity's cousin Chas decided to take matters into her own hands after losing ownership of The Woolpack. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Chas, who is now running Emmerdale's B&B, told Vinny and Liv she wanted to host their wedding reception inside her venue. Viewers will know the couple tied the knot in secret recently, but now their families and friends all know they are husband and wife they want to celebrate with their loved ones. However, Chas wants to host the reception on the same day as The Woolpack's relaunch to ruin Charity's plans. A smug Chas told Charity: "I'm not sure how many thirsty Dingles you'll see [at your event].   "You obviously didn't hear all the news as we are hosting Liv and Vinny's wedding reception and all the family are still invited so good luck with the opening." A raging Charity let off steam to Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb), raging: "Out of all the low down dirty tricks..." She then told Ryan: "Look failure is not an option, do you hear me? If we all just pull together like a team I reckon we can make this happen." Later on, Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) tried to rub salt in Charity's wounds by reminding the landlord her family are not supporting her new business. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartache as history repeats itself in tragic romance twist? [LATEST]Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? [THEORY]Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s left penniless after betrayal? [UPDATE]   "Well that doesn't matter because they are all going to be here the other 564 nights of the year," she remarked. "You might be able to fling up a few decorations but you can't put up an atmosphere." She viciously said the B&B was "old, tired and full of rubbish just like its owner" before Eric laughed off her insults. However, Charity may regret ever insulting Eric as he got his revenge later on in the episode when a food delivery van arrived outside The Woolpack.   He pretended to the driver the food had already been delivered to the pub so he was forced to drive away with the goods. Charity is bound to be left livid when she discovers there is no food to serve at the launch, so will she make an impulsive decision to get her revenge during Vinny and Liv's party? Could she find a way to ruin the wedding reception for everyone? She will have to be careful if she does crash the reception as it could be a move that turns her whole family against her forever. Emmerdale airs weeknights at the new time of 7.30pm on ITV. 