Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William have been praised for their hands-on approach to raising their three children and playing a very active role in their lives. However, expert Katie Nicholls claimed the Duchess struggled in the early days of being a mum due to having to look after newborn Prince George mostly by herself. When the Cambridges' first child was born in 2014, the couple still resided in Anglesey and Prince William worked full-time as a helicopter pilot. Ms Nicholls claimed Kate confided in the Queen about her struggle in a very honest chat about her experience as the main childcarer. Speaking to True Royalty's documentary Kate Middleton: Heir We Go Again, the royal expert said: "Kate was having a conversation with the Queen in which she confided that she had found being with George on her own, and not having a full-time nanny or a maternity nurse, very hard. "William and Kate wanted to be hands-on parents, and they did it until September and then they recruited a nanny." The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge took up an apartment in Kensington Palace when Prince George was two months old and have used the London home as their main residence since. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL LIVE BLOG The pair also hired their trusted Norland nanny Maria Borrallo, who has been aiding the couple with Prince George, Princess Charlotte, and Prince Louis. Ms Nicholls also noted William and Kate have been able to count on the constant support of the Middletons since moving back to England. She said: "One of the things that allow William and Kate to be so ordinary is the presence of the Middletons in their lives. "Carole is a regular through those golden gates at Kensington Palace, she whizzes through in her Land Rover. There is no security because everybody knows her. READ MORE: Prince William is already 'coaching' son Prince George to be future King "She turns up to help with bedtime and bathtime. She is absolutely indispensable." And with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge taking on an increasing number of duties in preparation for their future roles, speculation has emerged about the pair considering a move to Berkshire to be closer to the Middletons and other members of the Royal Family. The Queen has been residing at Windsor Castle since the start of the pandemic, with Prince Edward and Sophie, the Countess of Wessex living at nearby Bagshot Park. Princess Eugenie lives at Frogmore Cottage, which she is renting from cousin Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle, with husband Jack Brooksbank and one-year-old August. DON'T MISS:Prince George shows playful rivalry with Kate in rare engagement [INSIGHT]The bizarre reason Prince Charles was almost not a Prince [ANALYSIS]Royal fans go wild over Prince George's resemblance to Diana [PICTURES] Royally US presenter Christine Ross said last month: "They'd be closer to Windsor Castle where they could still carry on a lot of their royal duties but it’s important to note that Kate's parents and Kate's sister live in Berkshire as well. "The kids can grow up with their cousins and it is a beautiful part of the country. "It is suburban, it's not really considered the most high brow area but I think it is a beautiful place to bring up your kids.”