Max Verstappen has taken another dig at Netflix's Drive to Survive series, likening it to 'Keeping up with the Kardashians'. Verstappen has been very vocal in his disdain for the popular F1 series on Netflix and has refused to take part in it since 2020.  “They faked a few rivalries which they don’t really exist,” Verstappen saidlast year. “So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show.” F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali has been a key advocate for the series though, which has become a Netflix phenomenon since it first aired in March 2019. This year's release is the fourth edition to and an average of 4.14 million viewers tuned in worldwide for the opening weekend. Some drivers have joined Verstappen recently in speaking out on the dramatisation of the series in recent weeks. Domenicali is hoping a neutral ground can be found between the drivers and Netflix to continue the sport's growth.  He said: “A driver who refuses to participate because he feels he is not being represented in the right way is not being constructive; so a dialogue is needed to understand how he can be included in a format that he feels is correct. We will also talk to Netflix, because it is necessary that the story does not move away from reality, otherwise it no longer fits." But Verstappen is clearly in no position to change his stance as of yet because he believes that Drive to Survive is much like 'Keeping up with the Kardashians' in its current state. "I'm sure we'll talk about it with Stefano," Verstappen said. "But at the moment I'm not really interested to take part in it.  "It's also taking more time when we're already doing so many things. I saw the benefit initially of course you get more popularity, but for me now I think you reach a stage where its a bit more like 'Keeping up with the Formula One world' if you know my reference. "I think it shouldn't be like that. It's better just to make a season review by F1 itself, that's why nicer to look at. But that's my opinion. Nobody needs to share my opinion. I just don't like to be a part of it."