 The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders released new data for new car registrations in February, which saw a 15 percent increase compared to 2021. Despite this positive performance, registrations are down -25.9 percent on pre-pandemic levels, as vehicle supply remains constrained by semiconductor shortages.  It was another bumper month for battery electric vehicles (BEVs), however, which took a 17.7 percent market share to reach 10,417 units, while registrations of plug-in hybrids (PHEVs) rose to 4,677 units and a 7.9 percent share of the market. Despite this, the SMMT is calling for more support, saying: “Investments are being made, but at a pace that continues to lag behind plug-in vehicle uptake”. April will see the effective end of the Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS), which has provided vital funding for homeowners to install their own chargepoint. Ahead of the Government’s Spring Statement, SMMT is calling for an extension to both the EVHS and its business counterpart, the Workplace Charging Scheme. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year  It is calling for these schemes to be extended beyond 2025 to ensure EV uptake remains on track to meet the Government’s net zero deadlines. The SMMT also recommends that VAT on electricity used for public charging points be cut to match that for home use, so that EV drivers are treated equally regardless of where they charge their vehicle. Mike Hawes, SMMT Chief Executive, said: “Despite February’s traditional low registration numbers, consumers are switching to EVs in ever-increasing numbers. “More than ever, infrastructure investment needs to accelerate to match this growth. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [COMMENT]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [SHOCKING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]  “Government must use its upcoming Spring Statement to enable this transition, continuing support for home and workplace charging, boosting public chargepoint rollout to tackle charging anxiety and, given the massive increase in energy prices, reducing VAT on public charging points. “This will energise both consumer and business confidence and accelerate our switch to zero emission mobility.” Ginny Buckley, Founder and CEO of electrifying.com, said grant schemes and incentives were vital to continue the uptake of EVs. She added: “These stats prove the electric revolution is happening right now and that consumers are leading the switch.  “We know that 53 percent of our audience are looking to buy an electric car in the next year which is why we need operators, local councils and Government to keep up with the pace of the transition. “If we are to achieve our net-zero ambitions, those in charge must ensure that everyone can be a part of the electric journey, by providing support, grants and reliable infrastructure right across the UK. “Without taking these steps, we risk leaving people behind and creating a two-tiered nation when it comes to electric car ownership.” Lucy Simpson, Head of EV Propositions at British Gas, also supported calls for more funding for electric vehicles and the required infrastructure.  She said: “Despite the headwinds of material shortages and supply chain disruption, it’s encouraging to see EVs continue to drive growth across the new car market – another positive step as the UK accelerates along the Road to Zero. “In order to stay ahead of the electrification curve, we must continue to respond to the charging challenges to avoid the millions of people without private driveways being excluded from EV ownership. “It's clear that there are regional disparities in public charging availability and this needs to be addressed. “Attention will turn to the Chancellor’s Statement later this month for further clarity on any additional incentives to support the UK’s electrification journey.”