Ash Barty has left the door open for a return to tennis and also commneted on a potential stint in golf. The three-time Grand Slam winner announced her shock retirement from the sport this week at the age of just 25. The decision is all the more surprising given she won the Australian Open title in January, in doing so becoming the first Aussie woman to win at home since Chris O'Neil in 1978, and also the eighth female player to win a major on three different surfaces. Barty took a break from tennis as a teenager and forayed into other sports such as cricket, playing for Brisbane Heat in the inaugural Women's Big Bash League. During her retirement press conference earlier this week, Barty was asked about the possibility of her turning to professional golf. Barty does know her way around a golf course and won the Brookwater Golf Club women’s championship in September 2020. “Well, you never say never, it’s a long way off,” the world number one teased. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu shares sweet Ash Barty gesture as world No 1 announces shock retirement “You guys love to whisper, don’t you? No, we’ll wait and see. I’ve got to try and learn how to hit the middle of the club face before I can think of trying to get on the tour.” A lthough she is no longer playing professional tennis, Barty hopes to inspire the next generation of tennis stars at junior level. “That’s just a goal and a dream of mine, to be able to give back to the sport that has given me so much. Obviously young girls and juniors is an area that I’m really interested in. Yeah, down the track I’m hoping I’ll be able to contribute in some way.” Barty won 15 titles across her career with earnings from prize money alone totalling an estimated $24million (£18.1m) and she will go down as one of the finest players of the last decade. But she said after more than 10 years in the game, now is the time to step away. DON'T MISS  "I don’t have the physical drive, the emotional want and everything it takes to challenge yourself at the very top of the level any more. I am spent,” Barty said. “I am so thankful for everything this sport has given me and leave feeling proud and fulfilled. Thank you to everyone who has supported me along the way, I'll always be grateful for the lifelong memories we created together.” “I’m so happy and I'm so ready. And I just know at the moment in my heart, for me as a person, this is right.“I know I’ve done this before but in a very different feeling. I’m so grateful to everything that tennis has given me. It’s given me all of my dreams, plus more, but I know that the time is right now for me to step away and chase other dreams and to put the rackets down.” 