American actress Cameron Diaz has told the world that, since stepping back from the Hollywood limelight, she has taken full advantage of freedom. Relishing no longer being under as much public scrutiny, she barely even washes her face. Cameron has confessed to seeing Hollywood as a "trap" and said that she scarcely considers her appearance now that she has left the showbiz circuit. The 49-year-old left the fast-paced life of Hollywood behind since her marriage to rocker Benji Madden and has not looked back since. She claims she has turned down nearly $100 million worth of movie contracts in the years that followed and has no regrets about declining them. "I am absolutely a victim to all of the societal objectification and exploitations that women are subjected to," she revealed on Michelle Visage's BBC podcast Rule Breakers. READ NOW: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star "I have bought into all of them myself at certain times." However, it now seems the opposite is true. "I don't care [about my appearance]," she admitted. "Literally the last thing I think about on a daily basis... like maybe not at all during the day, is what I look like." In the true spirit of International Women's Day, which took place on Tuesday, Cameron confessed: "I literally do nothing. I like never wash my face." The idea of not falling prey to society's obsession with appearance is something which has earned her many fans. She acknowledged: "It's hard not to look at yourself and judge yourself against other markers of beauty." DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [REACTION] Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT] "Twice a month if I'm lucky, I'll be like: 'Oh, I better put this on. One time works, right?'" Cameron joked about her unconventional beauty regime on the podcast. In conversation with Michelle from Ru Paul's Drag Race, she continued: "I'm just not in that place right now where I put any energy [into it]." Although a radiant Cameron is focusing on "staying strong" as she prepares for the milestone birthday that will mark 50 years well lived, she has not left working life behind. Having retreated from the world of show business, she now occupies herself with Avaline, the organic wine brand. She is still active on Instagram too, sending out videos with a theme of self-love and motivation. In a recent clip, she lit one of Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop-branded Hands Off My Vagina candle next to a bottle of her wine. She announced that Goop would donate $35 from the sale of each candle to assist the ACLU Foundation's Reproductive Freedom Project. Meanwhile, the last time Cameron hit our screens was in the 2014 film Annie, in which she played Miss Hannigan.