Keeping houseplants is a way to bring nature into your home, which has wonderful physical health benefits, from regulating air quality to healing wounds. However, we don’t talk enough about the mental health benefits of living in a home full of plants. Express.co.uk chatted to James Folger, Founder of The Stem www.thestem.co.uk to find out the six houseplants you need at home to boost your mood and why. Plants are a wonderful way to connect with nature, especially for those that live in the city and do not have green spaces immediately on the doorstep. Plant expert James said: “A new plant is a perfect way to breathe new life into a space without spending lots of money or having to shift about any furniture. Deep green foliage adds colour and tranquillity to a room. “Naturally, plants have a calming effect on your energy when you are feeling tense and an invigorating effect when you're feeling lethargic.” If you believe in the spiritual Law of Vibrations, you’ll know that houseplants raise your vibrations and therefore help you to level up in a number of ways (from manifesting that new job or partner to attracting more money). Not sure which plants to go for? James has revealed the top six houseplants to improve your mental health or simply boost your mood. READ MORE- How to water your roses - 4 top tips to help your roses thrive The calming scent of lavender is known to have anxiety-reducing effects, helping to keep you calm and even sending you to sleep. Even when dried, its aroma is the perfect way to recalibrate and calm down. James said: “Lavender is reminiscent of a summer’s day and is perfectly placed in a bedroom or sitting room or a space in which you want to find calm.” The Peace Lily is a tropical beauty with piercing white flowers that will compliment any bedroom interiors scheme. James said: “The glossy green leaves are superstars at cleaning the air: just remember to mist regularly and wipe clean to keep in tiptop condition. “It is hardy, coping in light shade as well as bright indirect light, and thrives in humidity. “The air-purification qualities of the leaves means you’ll feel refreshed after sleeping if this plant is kept in your bedroom. “The Peace Lily is very hardy - easy to look after - and there is something quite soothing about being able to care for something easily, especially if you’re a first-time plant parent.” The Golden Pothos is the perfect indoor trailing, climbing or hanging plant and will bring a lush tropical feel to a home. It is also super hardy! James said: “What is amazing about this plant is that if you give it a few hours of sunlight it will make the leaves change - they will become more variegated with streaks of colour. “Generally though, keep it in indirect light and are quite happy to let their soil dry out between watering. “It does require occasional pruning, and being in the living room means you’ll never forget to do so.” This plant is a great option for those wanting air purification properties.The Stem’s founder said: “It’s small and can happily fit on a shelf or mantlepiece or desk, adding interest to your living space. “There are lots of studies that suggest having plants around can improve concentration and productivity too - so an even better excuse to have them around!” DON'T MISS...Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [INFORMER]Houseplants: Why you should re-pot your houseplants right now [INSIGHT]Peace lilies: The ‘one trick’ to help your houseplant grow ‘quicker’ [EXPLAINER] The luscious green tall stems and long, glossy, green leaves of the Kentia Palm fan out to make quite the impression. The plant expert pointed out: “The Kentia Palm is also one of the most versatile plants around. “The Kentia can cope in light shade and humid conditions. It likes being misted regularly so showers and baths nearby are great at keeping the foliage fresh and airy. “This is another great plant for removing pollutants from the air too and the range of sizes available, 35-150cm in height, means you’ll find something suitable to fit any bathroom size.” The Chinese Money Plant has plate-like leaves spinning on bouncy stems, and is a really stunning-looking plant that can handle the humidity of kitchens. The expert said: “Chinese Money Plants are said to boost productivity, this stunning green plant is also a great way to regulate air in the room, creating a cool and airy space, perfect for working and relaxing too. It’s perfectly proportioned for a windowsill or side table. “The Chinese Money Plant can handle humidity and bright indirect light - it’s a good idea to keep the leaves aired, lightly misted and clean. “What’s more - according to feng shui experts, the Chinese Money Plants are said to bring luck, money and prosperity to the owner.”