There is a new benefit that Scottish independence would bring to the world, according to its proponents: helping to home more refugees. Scottish Green co-leader and circular economy minister Lorna Slater — who's party is in a formal agreement with the ruling Scottish National Party (SNP) in Holyrood — has said it is "time to have a conversation about what kind of country we want to be” in light of the conflict in Ukraine. Refugees have fled the country ever since Russian President Vladimir Putin gave the green light to a full-scale invasion on February 24, that number now believed to have reached around three million. On Sunday, speaking to her party's conference, Ms Slater insisted a “fairer, greener and independent Scotland” could offer “safety and solidarity to refugees". Vitally, she confirmed that the Scottish government under First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was continuing with its aim of holding a referendum in 2023. The coronavirus pandemic appeared to muster support for Scottish independence after each devolved nation was handed new powers under the Coronavirus Act 2020. These new powers, figures like Ms Sturgeon argue, prove that Scotland can easily rule itself without Westminster's involvement, and by extension show the Scottish people that independence is a viable path to take. The first independence referendum was fairly clear cut: 55 percent of the populace voted no, while 45 percent voted yes. But that margin has since narrowed, and is currently neck-and-neck. The outbreak of conflict in Ukraine will undoubtedly slow the pace of Ms Sturgeon's plans to push for independence as the West throws its weight behind trying to stop the bloody war. But it has also resurfaced old questions about Russia's involvement in Scottish politics and Putin's hopes for a divided UK. According to the Intelligence and Security Committee’s Russia report, released on July 21, 2020, there is substantial evidence that Russian interference in the British economy and politics is commonplace. This included interference in the Brexit vote and also alleged disinformation following the Scottish referendum. There is little coverage in the report about the 2014 independence referendum campaign, with much of the information having been redacted by the Government. JUST IN: Nigel Farage slams Labour MP for dragging him into Russia debate But, the report's conclusion reads: "There has been credible open-source commentary suggesting that Russia undertook influence campaigns in relation to the Scottish independence referendum in 2014.” In 2014, Russian state media was warning about the “epidemic of separatism” in Scotland and Catalonia, also later reporting that the referendum was not properly observed and did not meet international standards. The SNP’s Stewart Hosie, a member of the ISC, said the Government should have recognised the threat from Russia in 2014. He said: “Shortly after the referendum, Russian election observers suggested there were irregularities in the conduct of the vote. This position was being widely pushed by Russian state media. “We understand the UK Government viewed this as primarily aimed at discrediting the UK in the eyes of a domestic Russian audience, but nevertheless those messages post-referendum were being put out there to discredit the results. That was a warning light.” Many experts have since claimed that Russia worked in the shadows in order to try and help the SNP's campaign. Dr Mark Galeotti, an expert on Russian security and politics, in 2017 said Moscow would benefit from Scottish independence as it would weaken the UK and NATO by putting Trident’s future under threat. At this time, an investigation by the Sunday Express established a timeline of potential Russian interference during late 2013 and 2014. DON'T MISS Sturgeon's indy dreams shattered after SNP fail to identify issue [REPORT]  Nigel Farage creates TikTok account after chaotic Cameo clips go viral  [INSIGHT] SNP 'miserably failed' Scots after botching £600M flapship policy [ANALYSIS] State-controlled news agency RIA Novosti, which has been accused of publishing “fake news” in the US, ran at least 210 stories about the referendum in the final six months before the vote. Many of the reports contained dubious claims in support of the Yes campaign and were widely shared on social media in Scotland. The investigation also found that there was a surge in Russian naval and air force activity that allowed the SNP to present Britain’s military defences as weakened. And, a pro-independence website even claimed it had been “hacked” from Russia while police revealed a spike in Russian cybercrime against Scots businesses and public bodies. These were but a few of the irregularities that occurred in the run-up to the 2014 vote. In his briefing for the European Council on Foreign Relations, Dr Galeotti, wrote: “The Foreign Intelligence Service and FSB [Russia’s secret service] are now especially active in Europe, and the organisations they support include anti-fracking environmental movements (which, however genuine in their concerns, usefully maintain Moscow’s gas markets), nationalist and anti-federal political groups, Russian diaspora movements in the Baltics, and separatists from Spain to Scotland. “They sometimes work through or in parallel with overt agencies such as Rossotrudnichestvo (the Federal Agency for the Commonwealth of Independent States, Compatriots Living Abroad, and International Humanitarian Cooperation), charities, and even financial institutions, such as the Russian banks that loaned millions of euros to French nationalist Marine Le Pen’s Front National. “It is often difficult to tell where the activities of the agencies end and other Russian institutions begin, but this is not necessarily a meaningful distinction: to the Kremlin, the tools in its box are interchangeable.” In light of the 2020 report, Ms Sturgeon blasted the "negligent" Tories and warned against complacency over Russian meddling in British democracy. She said the Conservatives had taken their "eye off the ball" and failed to respond to threats from Moscow. Today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson is facing fresh pressure after it was revealed earlier this month that MI6 had warned him against making Evgeny Lebedev, his close friend and Russian oligarch, a peer in the House of Lords in July 2020. Mr Lebedev's father was also an oligarch and former KGB officer, working in the same secret service outfit as Putin. By nominating him to be a lifetime peer, Mr Johnson enabled Mr Lebedev to have a say in decisive votes on British political life, alongside an optional allowance and expenses. Mr Lebedev has spoken just once in the Lords and has not voted on any of the matters passed to the house.