Sunflowers are common garden flowers that blossom beneath the summer sunshine. Aside from their bright yellow flower, they are also best known for their impressive height. Annual sunflowers bloom as early as June and can last into the autumn months if their environment is right. With the right water and care, sunflowers can soar high above your garden, with the largest varieties capable of growing over 16 feet in height. They are particularly pleasing to children, and caring for them can be a fun activity for the whole family with everyone waiting to see how tall theirs can grow. However, if you are hoping for a garden of sunflowers this summer, you might want to consider sowing your seeds in the approaching weeks. READ MORE: Use cupboard essentials to tackle kitchen grime - baking soda and salt Sunflower seeds can be sown as early as March, though the entire month of April is the best time for blooms in June and July. You can also sow seeds right through to mid-May, with the opportunity for blooms in August and September. Depending on the variety, sunflowers can take 11-18 weeks to bloom from seed sowing. DON'T MISSPruning: How to prune hydrangeas to produce ‘more floriferous’ shrub [COMMENT]Cleaner switches oven on for 10 minutes to remove grease [INSIGHT]How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [EXPLAINER] Gardeners World recommends sowing sunflower seeds every couple of weeks. This will ensure that you have a constant supply of sunflowers throughout the summer months. Before planting your sunflowers out in the garden, make sure the risk of frost has passed. Though sunflowers can grow well in pots, they will grow to their tallest when planted in the ground. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To grow sunflowers, you should pick a sunny but sheltered spot in your garden. Make sure you sow your seeds in a good patch of soil, and for added oomph add plenty of manure or garden compost before planting. In their early days, young plants will need protection from garden pests such as slugs and snails. And of course, your sunflowers will need plenty of watering if you want them to reach impressive heights.