Prince Harry announced on Friday he is not travelling across the pond later this month to attend the service of thanksgiving for his late-grandfather, Prince Philip. Royal author and journalist Omid Scobie wrote on Twitter last week: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." One royal commentator, former royal butler Grant Harrold, said Prince Harry is at risk of coming under fire no matter which decision taken over his attendance at the service for his late grandfather. He told OK! magazine: "The problem is, the public will be like, 'Well if you love your grandfather, why are you not coming over for the royal service?' "It's a real catch-22 and I hate to say it but either way he's not going to win on it because he's going to be criticised if he does and criticised if he doesn't." Follow live updates on the Royal Family here Harry's announcement over the attendance of the service comes as he is seeking a judicial review of the Home Office's decision not to let him pay for police protection when he and his family are visiting Britain. In a statement issued by his representatives in January, the Duke of Sussex said: "The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. "With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk." A representative of the Duke told the High Court last month during a preliminary hearing Prince Harry "does not feel safe" when visiting under the current security arrangements. READ MORE: Queen health fears as monarch’s diary to be assessed Harry and Meghan lost taxpayer-funded police protection in the UK at the end of March 2020, after they stopped being full-time working royals. The Home office's representative said in written submissions to the court the Duke's offer to pay for police protection was "irrelevant" and that "personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis". The Duke, the written submission also said, has been attributed a "form of exceptional status" where he is considered for personal protective security by the police "with the precise arrangements being dependent on the reason for his presence in Great Britain and by reference to the functions he carries out when present".   The written submission also said: "A case-by-case approach rationally and appropriately allows Ravec [Executive Committee for the Protection of Royalty and Public Figures] to implement a responsive approach to reflect the applicable circumstances." The two preliminary proceedings, largely held in private, related to an application by the Duke and the Home Office for some parts of court documents in the case to be kept private. The judge has yet to share the ruling. Prince Harry returned twice in the UK since the spring of 2020. First, he travelled across the pond in April last year to attend the funeral of Prince Philip. A few months later, in late June, he returned to unveil at Kensington Palace the statue of Princess Diana he and Prince William had commissioned. Prior to this poignant event, the Duke headed to the garden party at Kew Garden of WellChild, one of his beloved patronages. It is understood Harry's car was chased by photographers as he was leaving this event. The day after news Harry won't travel back to the UK emerged, the Invictus Games Foundation shared a video showing the Duke brushing up on his Dutch skills. Next month, The Hague will host the Invictus Games - meant to originally take place in 2020 but postponed due to the pandemic. In the light-hearted video, the Duke is taught by members of the Dutch team how to say a few sentences in their language. He then ends the video by putting on orange sunglasses and a hat and showing off a bright orange outfit in honour of The Netherlands.