Ozzy Osbourne, whose band Black Sabbath gave us smash hits like Paranoid and War Pigs, found out he had Parkinson’s disease after a fall in February 2019 which caused him to cancel his North America tour.  Since then he has been attending therapy, he revealed in a new interview. The pandemic, his disease, and the surgeries he has undergone have had a toll on the rockstar from Birmingham, he revealed. "Me left to my own devices is always a bad f idea. I wake up in the mornings and get a weird feeling, like a cloud of doom over me,” Osbourne told Sirius XM’s Ozzy Boneyard Channel earlier this month. Parkinson’s is a progressive neurodegenerative disease where more and more parts of the brain become damaged over the years. It can cause slow movement, and involuntary shaking, known as tremors, as well as more sinister symptoms like hallucinations, delusions and mobility problems in its later stages. READ MORE: Statins: Abdominal side effects – ‘your dose may need to be adjusted’ According to the Parkinson’s foundation, depression and anxiety affect up to half of people living with the condition. Osbourne described how in the past he was afraid to go to therapy because it wasn’t a common thing growing up. "Over the past three years I have got a therapist. When I was a kid in England, you would not go to a therapist because they’d think you were fcrazy. "It is OK. You ain't stupid for going to a f** therapist, but you are stupid not to go if you need them." He also revealed that he has found respite from his mental health by doing art. The star, who has recently launched his own NFT (digital art) line called CryptoBatz, probably inspired by the bat whose head he chewed off onstage. "Doing my little doodles and drawings is something that I have found that has stopped me in my head from killing me. It gets your head out of your own head,” he said. Talking about Mr Osbourne’s condition, his wife Sharon Osbourne told Good Morning America in January 2020: "It's not a death sentence but it affects certain nerves in your body.You have a good day, a good day, then a really bad day." Mr Osbourne described the condition as “mild”. Studies have shown that CBT might be an effective way to treat depression and sleep disorders in people with Parkinson’s Disease, although they caution against relying on therapy alone. One 2020 study published in Psychology and Psychotherapy stated: “CBT appears to be effective in treating depression and sleep disorders in people with PD, while psychoeducation programmes alone should be avoided.“ The use of CBT to improve anxiety, quality of life, and impulse control, as well as mindfulness-based interventions, should be undertaken with some caution because of insufficient research and inconsistent results.” Since the condition has many symptoms, including physical and psychological, it is important to take a broad approach to treating Parkinson’s. If you need help living with Parkinson's, Parkinson's UK is the main support charity that can guide you towards local support groups. They can be contacted via email hello@parkinsons.org.uk or by calling their helpline 0808 800 0303 You should visit your GP if you have any symptoms of the disease. If they suspect you might have the condition they will refer you to a specialist such as a neurologist or geriatrician who specialises in problems affecting elderly people.