Loose Women's Kaye Adams suffered an embarrassing moment while trying on some shapewear earlier today, even resorting to asking Instagrammers for help. However, the puzzled TV star resolved the issue within a matter of minutes. "Is it meant to look like this?" a bewildered Kaye quizzed fans as she tried on the garment in view of her 124,000 followers. The nude-coloured shapewear was stretched over her bra, appearing transparent, while the straps looked uncomfortably tight lodged just beneath her armpits. "HELP @MOTHERSHOPPERS," the 59-year-old urged onlookers. However it seemed that within minutes Kaye had resolved the issue, declaring: "Problem solved!" READ MORE: Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion She then posted a follow-up photo to her Stories of the shapewear, now no longer see-through, and hugging the area underneath her chest, leaving her lilac bra exposed. Shapewear such as Kim Kardashian's Skims range is very popular among those seeking a more slim-line figure in their clothes. Many brands promise their products will flatten and tone, removing tell-tale bulges around the stomach and waist to allow the wearer to look sensational in close-fitting dresses. Thigh-firming, tummy smoothing and waist training are among some of the benefits offered, depending on the brand, and shapewear garments are also available in high street stores such as M&S. However Kaye seemed unimpressed by the mystery brand she had purchased her shapewear from. "Apparently I had it on the wrong way around," she confided. "Can't say it feels any better!" But this is far from Kaye's first wardrobe mishap. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [LATEST] Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again [UPDATE] Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [DEBATE]  During a lockdown edition of Loose Women, she deliberately exposed her underwear to the world while presenting from home. Co-star Stacey Solomon enquired on what she was wearing beneath her clothes, prompting her to act as if she hadn't heard while she bent down to retrieve a "dropped pen". She then revealed a pair of white pants emblazoned jokingly with the word: "Smart-a**!" The anchor has also publicly experienced other awkward wardrobe malfunctions, including a less staged one at the Pride of Britain Awards back in 2014 when an accidental flash of her underwear left a red-faced Kaye feeling like "Rihanna's granny". Unfortunately for Kaye, who posed at the event alongside fellow Loose Women panelists including Coleen Nolan and Nadia Sawalha, the glare of the photographers' camera flashes caused her black dress to appear totally sheer. When Ruth Langsford jokingly enquired about whether she had been hiding in embarrassment after the event, she good-naturedly shared the joke, quipping: "I am calling you from a bunker in Outer Mongolia! I feel like Rihanna's granny!" Groaning that she could scarcely have expected the floor-length number to land her in trouble, she exclaimed: "I could have gone into a nunnery with that dress as far as I was concerned. She continued: "I really knew I was in trouble when I was in the car on the way home at midnight and the picture had been retweeted by the porn stars' website! I thought, 'That's it! I'm done!' "I knew there was going to be paparazzi but I didn't know they'd be radiographers! You can see my appendix!"