While Britons may not even step foot in their gardens throughout the winter months, they are becoming increasingly important to house hunters. Laura Schwarze, from garden furniture experts, Luxury Rattan has enlisted the help of property experts to find out just how important it is to create an inviting space when it comes to selling a property. According to Jonathan Rolande, a “well maintained” garden can add as much as £15,000 to a property price, while an unkept one could knock off around £5,000. He said: “Not only will a garden in need of some TLC knock around £5,000 off the asking price of a property but it can also impact saleability, meaning a property could remain unsold for much longer.” Laura added: “It is not surprising that a nice outdoor space can demand a premium, with us all wanting to spend as much time outdoors as possible during the warmer months. “Since the end of February, we’ve already seen searches for rattan garden furniture increase by 96 percent, suggesting that getting any outdoor spaces ready for summer is going to be a real priority over the coming months.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks According to the experts there are three main things people look for when it comes to finding the perfect garden. This includes properties that have a patio area suitable for al fresco dining, space to relax and unwind on as well as a lawn that children can play on. Laura said: “Zoning can be a great way to maximise your space and make use of any shady corners that could otherwise be underutilised. “While your patio will always tend to be close to your home, a more relaxed seating area with a fire pit elsewhere in your garden will provide a great spot for more informal socialising, and can easily make your garden a much more usable space.” DON'T MISS:Kitchen appliances one of the ‘easiest places’ to cut down costs [COMMENT]House price growth sees ’strongest pace of increase’ in 17 years [INSIGHT]Lawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [EXPERT] According to Jonathan, an outdoor patio space could increase the asking price of a property by up to £5,000. For those looking to make their outdoor space more attractive, taking the time to style it can make all the difference. This includes bringing in some cushions or placing an outdoor dining set on a table. Jonathan said: “If a buyer can imagine sipping on a cool drink in your garden or enjoying time as a family, it can add thousands to what they are willing to pay for the property.” Another simple way to make a garden more appealing online is to make sure the photos of the outdoor space are reflective of the current season. The expert warned that images of the garden in winter will not attract buyers in the summer months. Laura added: “When arranging viewings, it’s really important to make sure the outside of your home is given the same care and attention you would give the interior. “Be sure to sweep your patio, remove any weeds that have sprung up and try to avoid having your washing hanging outside to try. “Even though your garden furniture will be coming with you when you move, it is really important to make sure you give it a good clean and it is looking its best. “It is much easier for potential buyers to imagine themselves in a neat and tidy space, free from too much clutter.” Keeping the lawn maintained is also crucial to make the garden more aesthetically pleasing. This includes keeping it cut and watered during the warmer months.