Manchester United have been handed a sizable injury boost by Raphael Varane's declaration that he is fit to play ahead of Leicester City's trip to Old Trafford on Saturday afternoon. The Red Devils have received no such confirmation regarding Paul Pogba or Edinson Cavani, however, as fallout from the international break threatens to disrupt their Premier League top-four bid. United fans were dealt three separate injury scares over the past two weeks as Varane and Pogba jetted off to join up with France and Cavani made the gruelling trip to South America. Both Uruguay and Les Bleus won their two matches, the former to rubber-stamp their spot at this year's World Cup and the latter to build confidence in friendlies. Varane did not make it through France's first match against Ivory Coast, being hauled off before the hour mark after an impact injury. The World Cup-winning defender has since declared himself fit to face the Foxes, however, which should go some way towards easing United fans' worries. Pogba reportedly missed France training in the lead-up to their second match against South Africa. He came on in the latter stages of the contest, but it is unclear whether he has recovered enough to play a full 90 minutes. The news regarding Cavani is more concerning, as he was forced off with less than 30 minutes on the clock this week before Uruguay cemented their World Cup spot by beating Chile. Express Sport delves deeper into what is known about United's triple injury scare ahead of the weekend's action: JUST IN: Harry Maguire 'enjoyed' England duty despite 'ridiculous' boos from fans vs Ivory Coast United fans watched on nervously as Varane came off against Ivory Coast with what France boss Didier Deschamps branded a 'small problem' in his foot. The former Real Madrid star was forced to train individually before overcoming his issue and playing 80 minutes of the 5-0 win over South Africa on Tuesday. To put his fitness for Saturday's clash beyond doubt, Varane told press on Monday that he was '100 per cent fit' to return to action. He and Harry Maguire have forged a troubled partnership for the Red Devils this season, but the duo are still considered by many to be the strongest options at Ralf Rangnick's disposal. It has been a frustrating season for Pogba in terms of injuries, and a reported contusion in his left foot jeopardised his spot in the team to face South Africa. Despite missing training sessions, the midfielder was still deemed fit to feature from the bench, although it remains to be seen whether Rangnick will judge him fit enough to start at Old Trafford. Pogba has already missed three months of the campaign with a hamstring injury and, despite his up-and-down relationship with fans, they will undoubtedly be keen to see him available with their club's top-four bid hanging by a thread. As his contract winds down and an expected summer departure creeps closer, the 29-year-old may be entering his final few weeks as a Red Devil. Another player recently ravaged by injury, Cavani has been side-lined on eight separate occasions since joining Man Utd in 2020. A total of 33 games missed makes painful reading for the club, given that the veteran is believed to be one of their highest earners. The striker was substited for Luis Suarez in the first-half of Uruguay's 2-0 win over Chile on Tuesday. Recovering from the long trip back to start on Saturday may have been a tall order in itself, but with a fresh knock to contend with it seems likely that Rangnick will have to look elsewhere for options up top.