Bryan Adams left hosts Alex Jones and Ronan Keating in shock after he slipped up and dropped the F-bomb on Friday’s episode of The One Show. Appearing beside Michelle Visage, the singer was promoting his new music video for Never Gonna Rain which features his mother. When opening up about his childhood, the star swore when speaking about his old headmaster at school.  He was telling a story about his 94-year-old mother when he accidentally let a rude word slip. Speaking on the programme, Bryan explained how his mother had let him leave school at the age of 14 to start a career in music, saying: “She went to the headmaster and said, ‘I’m taking my son out of school [because] he wants to join a band’, and he said to her, ‘You’re making a huge mistake and you’re a bad mother.' “She only told me that last year.” “I said [to her], you should have taken the chart position or something, she said, ‘No, f*** them,’” he said. READ MORE:Peaky Blinders season 6: Ruby Shelby’s death ‘sealed’ in chilling clue   The Welsh host quickly stepped in to apologise to viewers at home, adding: "There was a bit of a swear word there, we are sorry." Bryan, unaware of what he had said, bemused: “What?” “But your mum did make the right call because this is you debuting your first album in Vancouver in 1980," Alex continued. A photograph appeared in the studio of a young Bryan looking fresh-faced and holding a guitar at one of his gigs.  Later on in the programme, Alex took the time to apologise for a second time at the end of his talk. She chuckled: “Again, apologies for Bryan’s loose lips.” Bryan asked: “What did I say, I just said I’m so happy it hurts?” Fellow guest Michelle pointed out: “No, the first one!” Diverting from the event, she joked: “Yeah, that’s what you said, so happy it hurts.” The BBC show had also hit the headlines when singer Camila Cabello had a wardrobe malfunction on the programme last week. Camila shared an update on Instagram Stories on Friday, hinting she was "still hungover". The embarrassing blunder led to an apology from The One Show and left guest Alan Carr in fits of laughter. DON'T MISS... [INSIGHT] Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [INTERVIEW]Louise Minchin's daughter admits how stalking ordeal changed her mum                                                                                                                          [VIDEO] Louise Minchin's 'most difficult conversation ever' with stalker  The songwriter had accidentally bared all in an x-rated moment while showing some dance moves via video link. She exclaimed: “Whoops I just flashed you. “I just flashed you; I hope you didn’t see a nipple." Alex replied: “There was a wardrobe malfunction. There was a flash of something, I don’t know what I saw.” The One Show airs weekdays on BBC One at 7pm 