Josie joined regular host Phillip Schofield on the This Morning sofa on Monday as she stepped in for Holly Willoughby. This isn't the only ITV show Holly has missed in recent days as she was also absent from Sunday's Dancing on Ice semi-final after testing positive for coronavirus. Opening Monday's This Morning, Josie said: "Good morning. Welcome to a brand new week on This Morning." Phillip went on to explain why Josie was co-hosting the programme in Holly's place. He revealed: "Well, we are absolutely convinced Holly and I that having worked all the way through everything, that we might be immune. "Then it got me a few weeks ago, and over the weekend it got Holly. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera  "She's tested positive and she’s at home watching, and it's the weirdest thing in the world when you can't do it and you're watching it from home. "It was the same with Dancing on Ice last night. So, Holly, get well soon," he said. "Yeah, get well soon Holls," Josie added, sending her well wishes. "Get back as quick as you can. But I'm in very, very safe hands here,"Phillip remarked, ushering towards Josie. "So we're going to have a good day and we miss you," Phillip added, sending well wishes to Holly. Fans of This Morning were sad to see Holly was missing from the show, but shared their excitement to see Josie taking on a hosting role. "YAY we love Queen Josie, finally getting the presenting roles she deserves #thismorning," @StephsMoansx commented. @SlapstickSally said: "THIS IS NOT A DRILL Josie Gibson is back hosting #ThisMorning!!" DON'T MISS...EastEnders' Keegan star Zack Morris explains why he quit BBC soap [MUST SEE]Carol Kirkwood teases Dan Walker over lengthy sports chat [WATCH]Emmerdale’s Charles devastated as Manpreet is given diagnosis? [SPOILERS] "I do not mind Josie being Holly’s stand in! #thismorning," @mtkigz1 wrote. "I absolutely love Josie #ThisMorning," @TraylorHolmes remarked. "Feels better already with our lovely Josie on her rightful throne… #ThisMorning," @MadameMinge said. This isn't the first time a This Morning presenter has been absent as a result of coronavirus as Phillip tested positive earlier this year. Alison Hammond and Rochelle Humes co-hosted the ITV daytime show when Phillip first tested positive. However, still wanting to be a part of the show, Phillip joined via video link to give viewers an update on his coronavirus symptoms. The star even held his positive test up to the camera for viewers to see. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.