Manchester United's crushing 4-1 defeat to fierce rivals Manchester City highlighted a more pressing issue than the doubts currently surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo's future. Amid speculation that the Portuguese superstar may already bring his second Old Trafford stint to an end in the summer, Ralf Rangnick's immediate concern will be addressing United's dire defence.  Despite the German fielding a back four which cost in excess of a staggering £175million, the Red Devils were comprehensively beaten by their city neighbours at the Etihad on Sunday. Rangnick's side shipped four goals during the dismal defeat, but it could have been far more. Kevin De Bruyne hit a first-half double, either side of Jadon Sancho's curled response, as United's backline were punished for their disorderly defending. Riyad Mahrez then struck a brace of his own in the second period to compound United's woes and shift the spotlight from Ronaldo to United's ragged defence. MUST READ: Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash  While United showed signs of promise in attack during the first half in particular, chaotic scenes in their own penalty then saw City ruthlessly put their neighbours to the sword. De Bruyne's second strike in particular left United's back four sprawling, with Victor Lindelof sucked out of position by Phil Foden and his three defensive comrades left on the turf as the Belgian tucked home following a scramble. Speaking to Sky Sports at half time, former United captain Roy Keane lambasted Rangnick's defence for their notable lack of application and organisation. "It’s sloppy, too casual at the back (on De Bruyne’s second goal)," Keane blasted. DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "Wan-Bissaka not going to win the header, Elanga was too casual. "It’s frustrating because United have done some decent stuff, but the concentration and intensity for the two goals has not been good enough." Rangnick will no doubt have expected more from a back four totalling such a significant sum. The Red Devils paid a world-record fee for a defender when they shelled out £80m on Harry Maguire in the summer of 2019, having previously forked out £31m for his Etihad centre-back partner Lindelof two years previous.  Aaron Wan-Bissaka joined in the same summer as Maguire for a fee of £50m while United paid out around £15m for Alex Telles, who was initially recruited as back-up to Luke Shaw, in October of 2020. Both Shaw himself and United's £35m summer signing Raphael Varane were absent for the trip to the Etihad as they contracted Covid this week. Question marks will remain over Ronaldo's future, but United's need to address their extortionate yet leaky backline must be the priority. One thing is for sure: it promises to be a critical summer of change at Old Trafford.  