Kate Middleton, 40, is famous for her wavy blow-dried hair that she almost always sports when out at royal events. Sometimes the Duchess of Cambridge even curls her hair into tight ringlets, for instance at the Royal Variety Performance in 2021. But for her visit to the Caribbean, Kate has constantly styled her hair in a sleek, straight fashion which has caused mixed reviews among fans.  One royal fan @LadyParky79 wrote: “I’m really into Kate’s hair like this.” Another Twitter account, @DancingInfinit1 added: “I think it all works great – the sleek hair is timeless.” Similarly, royal fan @fashiondiva1984 said: “Her hair in the back is so pretty though! “We never see it like this, it’s a rarity!” READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White weighs in on royal visit However, the YouTuber who goes under the name ‘Accoeding2Taz’ tweeted: “Well it’s finally happened! I’ve found something I didn’t like about Catherine’s overall look. “Love the earrings, love the dress, but I do not like this hairstyle on Catherine! “There I said it. It’s too harsh with the flat centre parting.” Twitter user @panto12 agreed, saying: “It’s not my favourite style either, but I think it may be more due to practicality. “It is a hot, humid country and I think curls or a fluffy blow dry would have taken too much time. “She had been trekking through the jungle earlier in khakis and I think she had to make a quick change.” Lily Jeffreys, a senior stylist and colour technician at Taylor Taylor London spoke to Express.co.uk to explain why Kate styled her hair this way whilst in Belize. She said: “The Duchess of Cambridge’s new sleek hair is unique in that it is casual yet elegant, giving an air of effortlessness to her look.  “This hair look takes her from day to night. It pairs perfectly with her day look of khaki trousers, and balances out her £2,500 pink Vampire’s Wife dress in the evening. An updo or big blow-dry would have been too much. “Professional hair for the Duchess also means not looking like she's spent too long on her hair, especially for charity meet and greets, as this can look insensitive. “She needs to look put-together but also calm and relaxed, which is why this straight style is perfect for her royal duties,” Lily noted. The heat is the most practical reason why Kate would choose to style her hair this way according to the expert.  She continued: “It's quick, easy and simple for her to do without lots of different tools or stylists to help. All she needs is a heat protectant, a pair of straighteners and some hairspray to keep it in place all day. “When on tour in such humid places a simple straight hairstyle will cope much better than a curly one as there will be less chance of frizz. “It can go from one event to the next without looking out of place, as it’s casual enough but sophisticated at the same time. “If she was to turn up to every event in a ponytail her hair would make her look unprepared, so this style is a great way of keeping it simple without losing elegance.” 