Prince Harry, 37, will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29, a spokesperson for the duke confirmed. But he hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. The Daily Mail’s Royal Editor Rebecca English has since claimed the decision is another "PR disaster" for Harry. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mailplus, Ms English said: "Within a couple of minutes of announcing that he would not be attending the Duke of Edinburgh’s service of thanksgiving, Harry’s team also announced that he would be attending the Invictus Games in the Hague in April, just a few weeks later. "This has obviously surprised a lot of people to travel to Europe to go to that, but not to his grandfather’s memorial service has, to use a well-worn phrase, got people’s goat. "They feel it is a slap in the face to the Queen and, again, another PR disaster as far as many people in the UK are concerned." The Mail on Sunday’s Editor at Large Charlotte Griffiths added: "There is that feeling that this could be one of the last chances he gets to see some of the older members of the family. READ MORE: Camilla health update: Duchess suffering from 'long Covid' "It just feels so insensitive and so vitriolic and so pointless." The Queen, 95, who contracted Covid just over two weeks ago, has just pulled out of attending the Commonwealth Day service at the abbey on Monday. She spent more than three months from October last year carrying out only light duties under doctors' orders to rest after undergoing preliminary tests during a one-night hospital stay. The monarch, who has just reached her Platinum Jubilee, now regularly uses a walking stick and has been pictured looking frailer recently, remarking during a Windsor Castle audience last month: "Well, as you can see, I can't move." Harry's spokesperson declined to comment on Friday as to the reason for his decision. The duke has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. He was last in London in the summer of 2021, when it is understood his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative previously said. DON'T MISS Prince Harry book: Kate set to be 'disrespected' as concerns raised [INSIGHT]Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan slammed as Sussexes 'respond to issue of the day' [INTERVIEW] The judge in the High Court case, Mr Justice Swift, will give his ruling on February's preliminary proceedings, part of which may be confidential, at a later date. Philip died just under a year ago in April 2021 at the age of 99. Harry flew back from California, without the Duchess of Sussex who was heavily pregnant at the time, to attend the duke's funeral in St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. The guest list was trimmed from 800 to only 30 guests amid Covid restrictions, and the Queen sat alone in mourning for her husband of 73 years.