Differences in the design of the drain and the way it was constructed meant it was unable to cope with heavy rain that fell in Aberdeenshire on August 12, 2020, the Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) said. As a result, a ScotRail train derailed after hitting gravel and other stony material washed out from the drain. The train smashed into the side of a bridge, causing its power car and one of its four carriages to roll down an embankment. The 6.38am service from Aberdeen to Glasgow was returning towards Aberdeen at the time of the accident due to the line being blocked. The drain was built in 2011 and 2012 by Carillion, which altered the original design by adding a bund - a structure to protect against leaks. On the day of the crash, this caused a large amount of water to be diverted into the drain at one location, increasing the likelihood of gravel being washed out. The RAIB concluded that if the system had been built in accordance with the designs, it was "highly likely to have safely accommodated the flow of surface water". Carillion failed to inform Network Rail it was adding the bund. Investigators also found no evidence that Network Rail carried out any inspection of the upper parts of the drainage system between when it viewed the completed work in March 2013 and the accident. The government-owned company failed to add the section to a programme that would have triggered routine inspections and maintenance. Driver Brett McCullough, 45, conductor Donald Dinnie, 58, and passenger Christopher Stuchbury, 62, died in the crash. Six other people were injured. Mick Whelan, the general secretary of train drivers' union Aslef, said: "This report is damning and makes for difficult reading, not least for the families of those who died and were injured. "The failures identified are so bad that we believe this must be a watershed moment in the way we ensure the safety of passengers and staff on our railway network."  Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said it would be a "disservice" to the men who died if lessons were not learned. He added: "I fully expect the rail industry to ensure all the recommendations of this report are actioned." Carillion went into compulsory liquidation in January 2018.