Holiday hungry Britons have been left starving for an escape from the UK for the last two years, as coronavirus travel restrictions made it almost impossible to jet off. However, with more than 52,000,000 vaccinations having been given in the UK, the Government has made the decision to axe all travel restrictions. Although things aren’t as relaxed elsewhere, the vaccination effort is encouraging more nations to get rid of rules for those who have had a full course of jabs. And even for those who haven't been vaccinated, many nations are moving away from PCR tests and towards cheaper lateral flows, making travel more affordable. Bharat Gadhoke, head of Commercial at AITO, The Specialist Travel Association, told Express.co.uk: "Easy to visit destinations have one administrative chore which I am happy to say is on the cusp of being made obsolete - the Passenger Locator Form [PLF]. "The UK is not the only country that has this requirement, but as more destinations drop this from the entry requirements, travel will become a little less 'admin heavy'. "The countries that are reducing COVID red tape are changing almost daily so making a list today may be obsolete tomorrow. "The latest announcements to reduce red tape are Greece and Belgium and we hope many more will follow, joining countries like Norway, Costa Rica, Cyprus, Iceland and the Bahamas to name a few." Though rules are changing, the ease at which Britons can visit specific destinations most often relies on their vaccination status. Nick Markham, co-founder at COVID-testing specialist Cignpost ExpressTest, told Express.co.uk: "As international travel reopens and lockdown restrictions are being lifted, countries are implementing their own entry requirements for arrivals. READ MORE: Ryanair hand luggage policy - cabin bags "The rules are changing regularly and differ by country, so our best advice is to check the requirements for your destination carefully." For those travelling with children, Mr Markham adds that there is perhaps an "extra level of confusion". He said: "Many countries are requiring over 11s to be fully vaccinated or to take negative pre-departure tests." However, these requirements can be easily navigated, as long as you stay up-to-date with the latest travel advice. Mr Markham said: "The travel restrictions change regularly, so it’s essential you keep checking to have the latest information. "Gov.uk provides up-to-date official guidance, and we’ve launched a free too that summarises the entry requirements for every country in the world based on your vaccination status and date of travel." Although rules around the globe are changing almost daily, with the help of Cignpost Express Test, Express.co.uk has compiled a list of five of the "easiest" destinations for you to visit right now. DON'T MISSUkraine war: Britons issued new advice for travel to Europe [REPORT]Turkey holidays: Testing and vaccine rules in full [EXPLAINER]British expats: Cheapest city in France with 'great' weather named [COMMENT] Britons who are fully vaccinated are able to enter Egypt without the need for quarantine or testing. At least 14 days must have passed since the final dose of a two-dose vaccine. Unvaccinated passengers are also allowed to visit Egypt. According to the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO): "If you’re not fully vaccinated, you’ll need to show proof of a negative PCR test, or either a COVID-19 ID NOW or rapid antigen test (taken no more than 72 hours before arrival in Egypt)." Mr Markham added: "Children aged 11 and over who are not fully vaccinated must take a negative PCR test or a lateral flow test no more than 72 hours before arrival." Fully vaccinated travellers are permitted to enter Greece without the need for a test, while unvaccinated travellers can visit as long as they can provide proof of a negative test or a certificate of recovery. The nation is also scrapped its Passenger Locator Form (PLF) requirement on March 15. For children, there are a few extra rules if they are not vaccinated. Mr Markham said: "Children over four who are not fully vaccinated must take a PCR test no more than 72 hours before arrival, or a lateral flow test no more than 24 hours before. "Proof of Covid recovery in the past 6 months is also accepted. Under five's do not need to take a test." Italy is another nation permitting fully vaccinated Britons to enter with almost zero restrictions. However, the need to complete an EU PLF remains in place. Unvaccinated arrivals can also enter the country, as long as they can show evidence of a negative PCR test taken within 72 hours before entering Italy or a negative rapid lateral flow test taken within the 48 hours before entering Italy. A COVID-19 recovery certificate certifying the passenger has recovered from COVID-19 in the last six months will also be accepted. For unvaccinated children, some testing rules do apply. Mr Markham explained: "Children aged six and over must be fully vaccinated, or they can take a negative lateral flow test no more than 48 hours before arrival or a PCR test within 72 hours. "Those under six do not need to take a test." Mexico is arguably one of the easiest places in the world for Britons to visit right now. Mr Markham put it simply, saying: "No tests are required." Indeed, there are currently no vaccination or COVID-19 testing requirements for entering Mexico, other than at the US-Mexico land border. However, the FCDO explains: "If you present symptoms of COVID-19 upon arrival at an airport in Mexico, you should ask for the International Health Team. "Upon your arrival in Mexico, you will be asked to fill out a Health Questionnaire." Turkey is another holiday favourite which is welcoming back both fully vaccinated and unvaccinated tourists from the UK. Mr Markham explained: "No tests are required for fully vaccinated travellers." The FCDO adds: "At least 14 days must have passed since your second dose of the vaccine and the vaccine must be approved by the Turkish Ministry of Health or World Health Organization." Unvaccinated travellers, on the other hand, must show proof of a negative PCR test taken no more than 72 hours before entry, a rapid antigen test taken no more than 48 hours before entry, or proof of a recent recovery from COVID-19 within the last six months. For children, Mr Markham said: "Over 11s who are not fully vaccinated must take a PCR test no more than 72 hours before arrival, or a lateral flow test no more than 48 hours before. "Proof of recovery in the past six months is also valid. Under 12s do not need to take a test." Some admin remains, however, with all arrivals aged six and above needing to complete an online form a maximum of 72 hours before travelling.