The leading ferry firm between Dover and Calais, P&O Ferries, has suspended all its sailings ahead of “a major company announcement”, causing panic among travellers this morning. The disruption is taking place across the UK, with planned ferry sailings in Scotland and between Northern Ireland/Ireland and Liverpool also cancelled. A statement released by the company to staff reads: “We will be making a major company announcement today which, with the support of our shareholder DP World, will secure the long-term viability of P&O Ferries.  A recent tweet from the companies Twitter account reads: "11:15 - Regretfully, P&O Ferries services are unable to run for the next few hours. "Please arrive at the port as booked and we will arrange to get you away on an alternative carrier as quickly as possible. "Once at the port please make your way to the DFDS check-in booths." A spokesperson for the company said it was not going into liquidation. They said: “We have asked all ships to come alongside, in preparation for a company announcement. Until then, services from P&O will not be running and we are advising travellers of alternative arrangements.” It has not been clarified when services will be up and running again, but many holidaymakers or travellers have been left out of pocket by the last minute decision and are in need of a refund. P&O has not yet published advice for customers seeking a refund due to the events of this morning, but said it will attempt to place passengers still wishing to travel on alternative providers. The P&O website reads: "Once checked-in, if we cannot provide the anticipated service within 90 minutes of your scheduled departure time we will try to arrange a suitable alternative ferry crossing, provided that alternative travel is available and can be reasonably supplied. "We will refund the Total P&O Ferries Fare of the affected inbound and/or outbound crossing if we cannot ship you at all with us or arrange a suitable alternative ferry crossing, or if you do not wish to take any alternative journey offered by us. "If your departure is delayed and your journey will no longer serve any purpose, having regard to your original travel plan, a refund of the full ticket price shall be considered upon submission of reasonable supporting evidence." Express.co.uk has contacted P&O for advice on how to seek a refund if you choose to cancel your journey, as well as speaking to experts to find out the best way to claim your money back DON'T MISS Boris Johnson: Let's end Putin's energy blackmail [REPORT]POLL: Should UK sign Saudi oil deal rather than using own reserves? [POLL]Labour PRAISES Truss as they take furious swipe at Boris [INSIGHT] Michael Foote, personal finance expert and Editor-in-Chief of travel insurance comparison site, Quotegoat.com, said: “It’s distressing news for employees of P & O Ferries and their families. Now is the time to check what redundancy rights you have and dig out any income or mortgage protection policies you hold. “If you’ve got tickets booked with P & O Ferries and they don’t offer you alternative transport it’s a good idea to contact your travel insurance company. Not all policies will cover you but it’s worth reaching out. “If you paid by debit card you may be able to make a claim through your Mastercard and Visa Chargeback scheme. “If you paid with a credit card you may also be able to make a claim under section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act 1974. You’ll need to have paid more than £100 for your tickets. “If you booked with a tour operator and they are a member of ABTA, your money should be protected.”     