Adam is also known as a presenter on Gardeners’ World, joining the cast in 2016. The new series kicks off tonight, which will see Monty Don embarking on a new gardening project at Longmeadow, while Adam will visit a garden in Suffolk. Sharing advice in an episode of Gardeners’ World last year, Adam shared top tips on how gardeners can improve their soil as well as “keep the weeds down” through mulching. He shared his expertise while mulching the soil around some ferns, which are brilliant plants for the garden as they grow back each year. He said: “I think what blows my mind about ferns is to think that some of those plants were around when dinosaurs were walking the Earth. “You will find one that suits a lovely little shady spot in your garden.” Ferns are one of the most popular types of plants used for shaded areas as they thrive in low light conditions, helping to bring greenery into dull corners of both gardens and homes. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘no scrubbing’ method to clean burnt saucepans They are also low maintenance, making them perfect for beginners. Adam said: “What I’m doing here is dealing with what the wind and rain has done, clearing things up. “But I’m just mulching as I go through.” Mulch is a layer of material applied to the surface of the soil, to help improve soil moisture as well as the health of the soil. DON'T MISS:Pruning: How to prune your garden ‘effectively’ now - ‘simple task’ [COMMENT]How to get a quick house sale ‘without spending a penny’ [EXPLAINER]Soft furnishings can ‘instantly date’ a home - what to go for instead [EXPERT] What’s more, it can help to control weeds in the garden. The expert added: “I’m using composted bark and I’m putting around 40mm-50mm on which is just shy of a couple of inches. “Because this polystichum, though it’s quite happy in slightly drier conditions, the soil here is not great. “So, not only will I help keep the weeds down, keep the moisture in, but I will improve the soil over a period of time.” Adam explained that it was a “great” time to mulch because the ground was wet after a lot of rainfall. This will help to contain the moisture in the soil. The best time to mulch entire beds of borders is either in the late winter or the early spring. Mulching then will help ensure beds do not dry out too quickly in the heat of the summer. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) also said mulching can give the garden a neat and tidy appearance. They added: “[Mulching] can reduce the amount of time spent on tasks such as watering and weeding. “To be effective, biodegradable mulches need to be between at least five centimetres and ideally 7.5 centimetres thick. “Lay mulches over moist soil, after removing weeds, when the soil is not frozen. “When creating new beds, planting through mulch sheets is effective. “Single trees and specimen shrubs are best mulched to the radius of the canopy. “As it decomposes overtime, a biodegradable mulch will feed your plants and microorganisms in the soil, reducing the need for additional soluble feed.”