Russia's invasion of Ukraine has entered its nineteenth day. Many towns and cities, especially those in the east of the country, have been heavily shelled and are in ruins. Once home to 22,000 people, the town of Volnovakha in Donetsk is now gutted to its core, with schools, hospitals and housing blocks destroyed and burnt-out. Volnovakha's mayor, Pavlo Kyrylenko, has said his town has almost vanished: “In general, Volnovakha with its infrastructure as such no longer exists." Western regions of Ukraine are now understood to have been targeted, including the Yavoriv military range, just 25 kilometres (15 miles) from the Polish border, in which at least 35 people were killed and 134 wounded, according to Ukrainian officials. Russian President Vladimir Putin had amassed over 100,000 troops along the Ukrainian border before giving his forces the green-light to invade on February 24. Many commentators and geopolitics experts have questioned why Putin might take such a risk, with his invasion potentially sparking World War 3. Some claim that the coronavirus pandemic has isolated him within his own country. Images of Putin talking to foreign leaders across an oddly long table have surfaced and perplexed many, and the Russian leader is regularly seen at a distance from whoever he is speaking to in his own government. Others, like Aubrey Immelman, associate professor of psychology at the College of Saint Benedict, Saint John's University, believe that Putin is merely acting on impulses that are characteristic of his personality: in short, that nothing we see should be a surprise. Prof Immelman has spent his career profiling the psychological dispositions of world leaders, including the Russian president. He told Express.co.uk that given his personality, Putin was simply waiting for the right time to invade Ukraine, likely having had the idea in mind for far longer than it has been suggested. JUST IN: Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals Noting the concept of Russkiy Mir — a Russian ideology aimed at the expansion of influence abroad and uniting the states considered by the Kremlin as its backyard on the basis of Russian language, common history in the Moscow’s perception and Russian Orthodox Church — he said: "I think this shows that Putin is really maybe doing what he had in mind all along and he just saw an opportunity, so it's more situational. "He had the personality to do what he's doing but he didn't invade yet because the time wasn't right. "So I think with the changes around the world — the election of Biden and the fiasco in Afghanistan — he saw an opening. "People sometimes refer to personality as the mask that you wear and I think the mask finally came off." In his profile of Putin, Prof Immelman identified several of his personality traits with data he collected in 2014, just as Russia annexed the Crimean peninsula, and published in 2017. The personality patterns Putin has, Prof Immelman says, are as follows: "Dominant/controlling (a measure of aggression or hostility), ambitious/self-serving (a measure of narcissism), and Conscientious/dutiful, with secondary Retiring/reserved (introverted) and Dauntless/adventurous (risk-taking) tendencies and lesser Distrusting/suspicious features". DON'T MISS Three British ex-special forces troops feared dead after Russia strike [REPORT] B52 bombers: Inside behemoth Stratofortress flying over Europe [INSIGHT] Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' [ANALYSIS] Setting out the definitions that apply to each personality trait attributed to Putin, Prof Immelman explained: "Dominant individuals enjoy the power to direct others and to evoke obedience and respect; they are tough and unsentimental and often make effective leaders. "This personality pattern comprises the 'hostile' component of Putin’s personality composite. "Ambitious individuals are bold, competitive, and self-assured; they easily assume leadership roles, expect others to recognise their special qualities, and often act as though entitled. "This personality pattern delineates the 'expansionist' component of Putin’s personality composite. "Conscientious individuals are dutiful and diligent, with a strong work ethic and careful attention to detail; they are adept at crafting public policy, but often lack the retail political skills required to consummate their policy objectives and are more technocratic than visionary. "This personality pattern fashions the 'enforcer' component of Putin’s personality composite. "Retiring (introverted) individuals tend not to develop strong ties to others, are somewhat deficient in the ability to recognise the needs or feelings of others, and may lack spontaneity and interpersonal vitality. "Dauntless individuals are adventurous, individualistic, daring personalities resistant to deterrence and inclined to take calculated risks." Concluding his profile of Putin, Prof Immelman states: "The blend of primary patterns in Putin’s profile constitutes a composite personality type aptly described as an expansionist hostile enforcer." If Putin does possess these traits, he will likely be reeling at the time it is taking to capture Ukraine in what many say was meant to be a swift military action. On Monday, one of his closest allies, Viktor Zolotov, chief of Russia's National Guard and a member of Putin's security council, admitted that Russia's military operation had not gone as quickly as the Kremlin had wanted in what was the strongest acknowledgement yet from Moscow that its invasion was not going to plan. He blamed the lack of progress on far-right Ukrainian forces hiding behind civilians. In comments posted to the National Guard's website, Zolotov said: "I would like to say that yes, not everything is going as fast as we would like. "But we are going towards our goal step by step and victory will be for us." If Russia fails in its endeavours, the consequences would be grave for Putin. Not only would he face questions over his leadership within the Kremlin and by the public, but Prof Immelman noted that because he has been identified as having high levels of narcissism, Putin would experience a great degree of personal humiliation.