Emma Raducanu has been handed a tough draw at the Indian Wells Masters. The Brit, who has been placed in section two of the tournament draw, remains a doubt for the event as she fights to recover from a hip injury. The problem forced the British No.1 to pull out of the at the Abierto Akron Zapopan in Guadalajara last month and she was forced to miss the recently concluded Monterrey Open. Raducanu has won only three matches in six events since becomg a Major champion at last year's US Open and lost in the second round of the Australian Open in January after struggling with a blister on her racket hand. The teen has only played four matches this year and despite jetting out to the Californian desert, she has yet to confirm her participation in the tournament. Should Raducanu compete, she has a bye in the first round by virtue of her status as one of the top 16 seeds, meaning she will not play until the following round. The US Champion would then open her account against either the in-form Dayana Yastremska or the dangerous Caroline Garcia. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu faces last-minute Indian Wells decision after jetting to California  Ukrainian Yastremska finished runner-up at the Lyon Open on Saturday while she was also a quarter-finalist at the Dubai Tennis Championships last month.  Three fellow Grand Slam champions in Iga Swiatek, Garbine Muguruza, Angelique Kerber, or a motivated Elina Svitolina, could stand between Raducanu and a place in her first Indian Wells final. Should Raducanu reach the championship match, the likes of Aryna Sabalenka, Maria Sakkari, Anett Kontaveit, defending champion Paula Badosa or 2018 winner Naomi Osaka could be standing on the other side of the net. This is a tall order for Raducanu, especially with question marks surrounding her fitness. But she is no stranger to overcoming adversity after coming through qualifying to win last year’s US Open without dropping a set. The Bromley teenager played in the Californian desert in her first event after her US Open triumph last October - and lost in the first round to world No.100 Aliaksandra Sasnovich. As Raducanu battles to overcome her injury, Andy Murray, who suffered injury problems at the start of his career, offered to give advice to his fellow Grand Slam champion after her latest setback. “Yeah, if she wanted to know my advice, I'm sure she would message or speak to me and contact me, and I'd be more than happy to chat, but I'm not just going to dish out advice on that,” said the Scot.