With the long list of jobs that comes with embarking on a thorough spring clean of a property, it’s surely not the most exciting thing on many to-do lists. However, if you can adopt the mindset of improving your environment to boost your health and happiness, the chores can fly by. Cleaning experts at Which have put together a list of common spring-cleaning mistakes to avoid to ensure Britons don’t hit a snag during the process. An easy mistake to make when starting a spring cleaning is to begin without a plan for what needs doing. Start by making a to-do list of essential tasks, with the most important, time-consuming at the top, and smaller, easier jobs at the bottom. The cleaning experts said: “Once you’re clear about what needs to be done, work systematically through your house room by room. “Clean from one side of the room to the other, and from the ceiling to the floor. “This logical system ensures you’ll be thorough without missing any areas.” Before beginning the core tasks of a spring clean – such as dusting and vacuuming – make sure to tidy and declutter rooms of possessions first, so you can reach everywhere, and won’t leave dirty patches in a room when moving items later. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation From cloths and dusters to the vacuum cleaner and dustpan and brush, a variety of equipment is needed for a proper spring clean. The experts said: “Make sure all of your tools are clean and in good working order before you begin, as this will help you get the best results. “Your vacuum cleaner in particular will be essential to any spring clean, so check it’s in good condition.” Clean out the vacuum cleaner by emptying the bag, and check everything is working properly. DON'T MISS:‘Effective’ methods for getting rid of ‘pesky weeds’ [TIPS]How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps [COMMENT]Swiss cheese plant: How to avoid houseplant being waterlogged [EXPERT] It’s easy to get caught up in cleaning the areas and objects that are visible, and completely forget to look up and clean anything above eye line – or things that are out of sight. However, the ceiling, any fixtures and fittings above (such as lights or ceiling fans) and even shelves and door frames, also need to be cleaned. The cleaning experts said: “The problem is, if you forget this until after you’ve cleaned everything closer to ground level, you’ll spread dust and dirt all over your lovely new clean areas. “To prevent this from happening, clean each room from top to bottom. “While you’re looking at your ceiling and other areas that are above your line of sight, check for any signs of damp. “It’s vital to stop the problem before it gets worse.” Many may not often think about their mattress other than when they go to bed, and even then it’s not necessarily at the forefront of peoples’ minds. However, even if it doesn’t have noticeable stains or smells, a mattress still collects bodily fluids and dead skin. This creates a haven for dust mites, which can trigger or cause allergies, so it’s important to look after mattresses. Make sure to consider the air quality of your home. This can easily be forgotten about given that it’s not something people can visually assess. Nevertheless, there are a number of things Britons can do while spring cleaning to improve the quality of their air. The experts added: “Be conscious of the chemicals you’re using during cleaning, and the air pollution they might create. “Ensure good ventilation by opening windows, and consider investing in an air purifier.”