  Good Morning Britain’s Katy Rickitt, 37, has sent in a message of support to ITV News Calendar presenter Duncan Wood, after fans noticed he wasn’t in his usual slot. Duncan broke his silence on his absence today, explaining that he was recovering from some “health issues”.     Earlier today, Duncan told his 8,964 Twitter followers: “Hi folks, been away from here for a while and absent from @itvcalendar for a good few weeks. “I’m recovering from some health issues, making progress, and hope to be fit and well soon. “My heartfelt thanks to all the #NHS staff for their help and support. Take care all.” News correspondent Katy sent in her well wishes shortly afterwards.     In view of her 20,400 followers she penned: “For all those asking, get well soon lovely, have missed you and will miss you x.” Katy is also a part of the ITV News Calendar team, although she announced last month that she would be leaving the show. In response to her kind message, Duncan wrote: “So sorry I’m not there for your last shows! Take great care missus! Xx.” ITV News Calendar’s Ben Bason also replied to Duncan’s tweet, writing: “We’ve missed you Duncan - glad to hear you’re on the mend, all the best for a speedy recovery!”    Duncan wrote back: “Cheers Ben, keep the good ship going for me!” While ITV news reporter Nick Smith commented: “Best wishes fella! Sending positivity and a hearty get well soon.” “Wishing you a speedy recovery Duncan,” added ITV presenter Jess Dunsdon. Duncan and Katy worked on ITV News Calendar together, but now the presenter is making the move back over to Good Morning Britain.      Katy, who is married to Coronation Street’s Adam Rickitt, explained that her transition had taken a little longer than planned due to the pandemic. She wrote at the time: “A little update… so I said I’d be here on secondment til jan it’s now feb… (sic) “A few have been asking what’s going on! Well with Covid etc it’s taken @itvcalendar a little longer to recruit which means I have the pleasure of being with this wonderful team until the end of March…” In separate tweets, Katy explained she would return to Good Morning Britain from April as she thanked viewers for their support. She wrote: “…It’s then time to dust off the early alarm clock and rejoin my @gmb family from April!      “Thanks so much to everyone who’s been so supportive and welcomed me into your living rooms at tea time, what a privilege it’s been… And as you can see, even with all the bad news there’s been we’ve had some great laughs along the way. “Thanks for all your messages and I really hope some of you will follow me back for the 6am switch.” Katy also wished Lara Rostron good luck as the BBC journalist prepares to step into her shoes at the forefront of Calendar. The broadcaster said: “For those in Yorkshire the lovely @LaraRostronTV will be taking the reigns from April, good luck Lara I know you’ll get the same warm Calendar welcome I did! “My last day at Calendar will be March 31st, I’ll catch a few [sleeping emoji] then see you again on April 18th bright and early on GMB! “Really excited to see those I’ve missed again and please if anyone can tell me how better to write a long Twitter message I’d be very grateful.”  