In one of his most memorable speeches early in his premiership, he declared that Britain would “never surrender” to Hitler’s forces but would “fight them on the beaches” and “in the streets”. When the very existence of the nation was in peril, his inspirational words galvanised the British people, paving the way to ultimate victory. Today the same spirit of heroism infuses the Ukrainians in their fight back against the Russian invaders. Under brutal assault, they are demonstrating that national pride can be a potent weapon against tyranny. Since the struggle began, the tale of Ukrainian defiance has been filled with astounding acts of daring, such as the moment captured in video footage when a Russian Hind helicopter gunship, a type known as “the Flying Tank”, was turned into an exploding fireball by a Ukrainian surface-to-air missile. Just as compelling have been incidents such as the expulsion of advance-guard Russian troops in armoured vehicles from the city of Kharkiv, or the recapture of the Hostomel airfield, north of Kyiv, after Russian paratroopers had landed there on the first day of invasion with the intention of using it as a base for reinforcements. Altogether, the Ukrainian Government claims more than 10,000 Russians have been killed, while 44 planes and 44 helicopters have been shot down, including eight aircraft on Saturday and nine the day before. In a further indicator of this tenacity, Ukraine’s defence minister Oleksii Reznikov says that 66,244 of the nation’s citizens, who were living abroad, have returned to join the fight. “Ukrainians, we are invincible!” he says. It is not just the military who have shown remarkable valour. Equally impressive is the Ukrainian public, which has repeatedly displayed an epic resolve. Across towns and cities, civilians have installed tank traps, manufactured petrol bombs, undergone weapons training, and set up checkpoints. “We won’t give up. We will fight to the last man,” said a volunteer in the port of Mariupol, which has endured relentless shelling.  Even when the Russians do take ground, the Ukrainians remain unbroken. Their toughness was epitomised by the protest in the main square of the southern city of Kherson, after the Russians gained control at the end of last week. Instead of being cowed, thousands gathered to wave the Ukrainian flag and sing patriotic songs. Utterly detached from reality and surrounded by yes-men, Putin had expected that his forces would have an easy victory in a few days. But the potency of Ukraine’s resistance has wrecked his plans. So he has resorted to the indiscriminate bombing of civilian targets, including schools, hospitals and residential blocks. This brutality makes it vital that the West lends Ukraine all the support it can, not only through far-reaching economic sanctions but also with aid and military equipment. So far, Nato’s leaders have refused to create a no-fly zone over the country, fearing that such a step would involve shooting down Russian planes and would thereby trigger an all-out war in Europe. But such concerns should not stop Nato allies from organising a massive, non-combatant, aerial operation to bolster Ukraine in three ways: by bringing in humanitarian supplies, helping refugees to leave and enhancing its arsenal, particularly antitank weapons, anti-aircraft missiles, ammunition and drones.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The model could be the historic Berlin Airlift of 1948-49, when the Soviet Union’s attempt to starve the Westerncontrolled sector of the city into surrender through a land blockade was overcome by the Allies’ bold decision to resupply the population through air transport. M any experts at first believed it was doomed to failure. But thanks to the courage of the pilots, the efficiency of the planners and the help of German civilians, it was a triumph, delivering more than 2.3 million tons of goods in 277,000 flights. Allied planes were taking off and landing every 90 seconds. The Berlin airlift changed the course of history by revealing the determination of the West not to buckle before Soviet might. The same outlook is required today in response to Putin’s aggression. The heroic people of Ukraine must not be deserted in their battle for survival against despotism. In this dark hour for the world, their awe-inspiring courage is a beacon of light. 