BBC Weather forecaster Matt Taylor predicted rising temperatures as we gradually move through the week. Mr Taylor also predicted patches of sunshine and blue skies, as temperatures warm up to around the high teens and twenties. The coldest areas will be in Oxfordshire and Aberdeenshire as mornings will see temperatures at minus five. The Met Office has issued four yellow weather warnings for flooding in South Devon, Chalgrove Brook, Islip, and Oxford. Mr Taylor said: "The fine weather we saw this weekend will continue this week, morning to you. "We've got a largely dry week ahead, one or two isolated showers you will notice with the sunshine. "Through this week, it is set to become a little bit warmer, let me just show this chart which shows you the average across much of Western Europe. "I'll show that one later, but out there at the moment even though it's going to get warmer. JUST IN: 'Morally bankrupt' EU savaged - Verhofstadt wades into Boris backlash     Mr Taylor added: "It's a bit of a frosty start this morning. "Temperatures at around minus five in parts of Oxfordshire, minus seven in Aberdeenshire. "Contrast that with South-West Wales and Cornwall, where we have a bit more cloud around this morning. "That stopped the temperatures from dropping as much, in fact, many Western areas will see a little bit more cloud than we saw through the weekend. READ MORE: 'Lay down arms' Ukrainian forces issued 5am Mariupol surrender ultimatum by Putin's troops Mr Taylor added: "Still some sunny spells here there's a small chance we could produce some isolated showers from that cloud. "But most will stay dry, the blue skies across the South later, sunshine to the North and East of Scotland lasting all day long. "Light winds in the far West of the country, which means as milder air starts to push its way in, it will feel that bit warmer out there. "Fifteen to sixteen degrees across parts of England and Wales. Mr Taylor added: "Through this afternoon eight to ten in Northern Scotland. "As we go through this evening and tonight, again little clumps of cloud the odd isolated shower. "Most will be dry, partly clear skies with a chance of frost in Scotland and Northern England as we go into tomorrow. "But just conformation of a largely dry week ahead, with some sunshine, there you go the capital cities laid out for you and notice the temperatures high teens maybe low twenties." 