Former F1 driver David Coulthard believes Max Verstappen is already one of the best competitors to have ever graced the sport. The Dutchman beat Lewis Hamilton to title glory back in December, reigning supreme after a controversial race in Abu Dhabi. And, after penning a new deal with Red Bull, the 24-year-old will be looking to retain his crown. Verstappen has won one title compared to Hamilton’s seven, with the Red Bull driver 13 years his Mercedes counterpart’s junior. He’ll be hoping to get the new campaign off to a successful start when the new season commences later this month in Bahrain. Hamilton was aggrieved after missing out on title glory in Abu Dhabi, with the Brit frustrated at the way Michael Masi and the FIA handled the occasion. Yet Coulthard, speaking in a new documentary by Viaplay, believes Verstappen is already one of F1’s greatest-ever drivers. “He already is. Really,” said the Scot. “I didn’t really feel mature until I was in my late twenties and I think I was at my peak in my early thirties. That means there may be a lot more to come from Max. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “He is remarkably mature for his young age. “Let’s not forget that he was 17 when he entered Formula 1 and he won his first Grand Prix when he was 18. “That he took that opportunity and triumphed makes him exceptional. “All Formula 1 drivers are good, just like all Premier League footballers are good. But it’s about finding the guys who are exceptional.” The 50-year-old has risked angering Hamilton, however, by insisting Verstappen was a worthy champion. “I knew he would either crash and become World Champion, or catch up and become World Champion. So yes,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But I didn’t expect him to make his overtake so early. That just showed his fighting spirit. “As soon as there’s a gap, even if it’s not really a gap, he goes for it. “That makes him a worthy champion in my eyes.” “He managed to get inside Lewis’ head and Lewis knew he had to leave room. “No other driver has that effect on Lewis. “Lewis is a fantastic driver and deserved to win that race, but I also think Max deserved the title because of his fighting spirit.” Verstappen has admitted he’s raring to go as the new Formula One season creeps closer, sending a threat to Hamilton in the process by saying he and Red Bull ‘aren’t done’. “Really proud to announce that  @redbullracing will be my home until at least 2028,” he stated after signing a new contract earlier this week. “I love this team and I am very happy to continue this amazing journey we are on for a long time. “We have accomplished so much together already but we are definitely not done.” After Verstappen extended his deal, Red Bull chief Christian Horner also spoke out. And he admitted that he felt the 24-year-old’s decision to renew, amid interest from Mercedes, was a ‘statement of intent’. “To have Max signed with Red Bull through to the end of ‘28 is a real statement of intent,” he said. “Our immediate focus is on retaining Max’s world championship title, but this deal also shows he is part of the team’s long-term planning. “With the Red Bull Powertrains division working towards the new engine regulations for 2026 we wanted to make sure we had the best driver on the grid secured for that car.”