Chinese leader Xi Jinping has called for “maximum restraint” after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Speaking at a virtual meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz on Tuesday evening, he said Beijing is “pained to see the flames of war reignited in Europe”. China’s state broadcaster CCTV said the three countries would support peace talks between Moscow and Kyiv as the conflict reaches its 13th day. China enjoys a good relationship with Russia, reaffirmed last month when Xi met Putin and declared a “no limits” partnership. Beijing has so far failed to call the war in Ukraine an “invasion” and has also recognised the “legitimate security concerns” Putin held. Yet, according to security expert Jonathan Jackson, China’s support could prove to have its limitations if Putin wishes to escalate the situation any further. Mr Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, told Express.co.uk that China will “likely advise against any incursions” into NATO countries. READ MORE: Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent Asked what would happen if Russian troops set foot on NATO member soil, he said: “There may be many ‘incursions’ by Russian and Belarusian troops into NATO countries, but the alliance does not have the appetite for an escalation of the conflict and so will take all measures to reduce the impact and threat of this. “However, Putin could also not afford such an escalation. “His military is no match for the combined firepower of the global armies lined up against him and China will also not want this to escalate and will likely advise against any incursions.” The CIA’s director William Burns said on Tuesday that he believes Xi has been “unsettled” by the difficulties Russia has faced in its invasion. During a hearing on global threat assessments, Mr Burns told US lawmakers: “I do think that they [China] have been surprised and unsettled to some extent by what they’ve seen in Ukraine over the last 12 days — everything from the strength of the Western reaction, to the way in which Ukrainians have fiercely resisted. “I think they’re a little bit unsettled about the impact on the global economy. “And third, I think they’re a little bit unsettled by the way in which Vladimir Putin has driven Europeans and Americans much closer together. “They [China] did not anticipate the significant difficulties the Russians were going to run into.” DON'T MISS:POLL: Should UK scrap Brexit border checks to allow aid to Ukraine? [VOTE]Putin's propaganda in tatters as Russian people 'lose patience' [REVEALED]Ukraine MP on situation in Kyiv: 'Kids fighting for their lives’ [EXCLUSIVE]  He also added that Beijing officials are concerned “by the reputational damage that can come by their close association with President Putin”. The latest intelligence marks an apparent change of direction from China, and are Xi’s first public remarks since Putin ordered an invasion a fortnight ago. Mentions of the war have been largely censored in China, with foreign embassies showing support for Ukraine placed under increased security watch. The Telegraph reports the British embassy in China has been flying the Ukrainian flag since the day Russia invaded. The EU delegation has lit up its building in blue and yellow to show solidarity with Ukraine, and the Canadian embassy has put up signs in support of Volodymyr Zelensky and his country. Likewise, Premier League matches in China were blacked out last week as both players and supporters took a stand against the war. Xi yesterday called on world leaders to prevent the “deeply worrying” situation in Ukraine from further escalating or “spinning out of control” as calls are made for China to act as some form of mediator in the crisis. Josep Borrell, the European Union’s foreign policy chief, told Spanish newspaper El Mundo on Saturday: “We cannot be the mediators, that is clear… And it cannot be the US either. Who else? It has to be China, I trust in that.” This was further echoed by a European Commission spokesman in a speech on Monday. Peter Stano, the European Commission’s lead spokesperson, said: “China has the potential to reach out to Moscow because of their relationship, and we’d like China to use its influence to press for a cease-fire and make Russia stop the brutal, unprecedented shelling and killing of civilians in Ukraine.” Mr Jackson told Express.co.uk that a diplomatic solution remains a possibility in Ukraine, but it is the Ukrainian population that will be hardest hit. He said: “Yes, this situation can be resolved diplomatically, but it will take time and likely create a situation which the Ukrainian people do not want or deserve. “The concessions will likely be incredibly damaging and humiliating, but much of it will depend on the levels of resistance, changing mood of the oligarchs surrounding Putin and the impacts of the economic sanctions on the Russian state.”