Talk TV is set to arrive on screens in April and with the arrival of the new channel comes Piers Morgan Uncensored. Piers will front the new global show which is set to air weeknights on Talk TV in the UK, FOX Nation in the US and on Sky News Australia. The show will mark Piers' presenting return following his departure from ITV's Good Morning Britain. Piers left Good Morning Britain in dramatic fashion back in March 2020 after walking off set live on air. He eventually chose to quit his role on the early morning news programme following his argument with GMB weather reporter Alex Beresford. The duo got into a heated argument on the show after Piers made controversial comments about Meghan Markle. Since leaving Good Morning Britain, Piers has been working on plans for his very own show. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn His work will soon come to fruition as Piers Morgan Uncensored launches on Talk TV on Monday April 25. In a statement, Piers shared his excitement for the upcoming programme launch. The presenter said: "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. "I also want it to annoy all the right people," he concluded. The new show will form part of the primetime launch schedule for TalkTV. Winnie Dunbar Nelson, Executive Editor of Piers Morgan Uncensored, also commented on the news. She said: “Piers will be back on your screens with a bang and we promise a line up of exciting guests, big opinions, and thought provoking debate. "We can’t wait to get started,” the Executive Editor confessed. DON'T MISS... All Creatures Great and Small boss describes ‘scary’ pigs on set [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid asks Zahawi 'Have you seen the impact on state schools?' [WATCH]Holby City’s David Ames shares emotions on BBC drama ending [MUST SEE] However, Piers Morgan Uncensored isn't the only programme featuring on Talk TV. The primetime launch schedule will also see the debut of The Talk with Sharon Osbourne. Airing weeknights on the new channel, each episode of the debate show will bring together five opinionated famous faces. The Talk promises to feature panelists from varying backgrounds as they discuss the biggest news stories of the day. Meanwhile award-winning political journalist Tom Newton Dunn has also joined Talk TV. He will present a major weeknight news and current affairs programme on the new channel. TalkTV will launch in the UK on Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat as well as via connected TV services and smart devices. Piers Morgan Uncensored will premiere Monday April 25 on Talk TV.