Netflix's hit reality dating show Love Is Blind returned to screens in February with its highly anticipated second instalment. However, after weeks of watching contestant Abishek 'Shake' Chatterjee make brutal comments about his ex-fiancée Deepti Vempati, host Vanessa Lachey hit back during the reunion.  Love Is Blind returned for another series with a new group of singles hoping to find love through an emotional connection. By having the contestants go through rounds of communication purely based on conversation, the show attempted to prove people can fall in love without physical attraction. However, much like the first season, this year viewers witnessed tear-jerking moments as well as drama and heated arguments. One contestant in particular, Abishek' Shake' Chatterjee, proved to be unpopular with fans after he made controversial comments about his ex-fiancée Deepti Vempati.  READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Although the two appeared to hit it off in the pods, to take things to the next level 'Shake' had to propose and once he did, things soon turned sour. It became clear in the quest to find true love through an emotional connection that 'Shake' had an uncomfortable attitude towards prioritising looks. The couple, who were both Indian-American, had dated non-Indian people in the past and had decided to take a chance on each other, at they hoped they would find what they were looking for in one another. However, 'Shake' made it clear, by his own admission, that he was not physically attracted to Deepti and used comments fuelled by internalised racism and misogyny to regret her.  Even his own mother berated him for his comments towards Deepti when he confessed he wasn't fully committed to her. In the scene which went viral, his mother stated: "Being very frank, I'm very much identifying with her right now more than you. "She could find someone who absolutely loves her the way she is, she's a wonderful person. She doesn't deserve someone who gives her even half a percent less." Even after Deepti decided not to take the relationship any further and dumped him at the altar, he continued to say disparaging things about her.  DON'T MISS...Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance [REACTION]Love Is Blind's Natalie Lee details secret relationship with Shayne [INSIGHT] Love Is Blind's Shayne breaks silence on Shaina romance rumours [INSIGHT] During the reunion, he went on a rant which proved he stood by his comments and said: "Marriage, think of it as the ultimate purchase, the ultimate commitment if you will. "Before you make this type of commitment, I feel like you have to read the fine print on that, so when we're in a situation where the stakes are so big, I want to make sure this thing works. "For me, that meant I knew at least a certain physical body type to get me in the ballpark…If I were to marry somebody and there was a big weight discrepancy, it would be very hard for me to get past that." Much like the entire cast, who looked physically disturbed by his comments, Vanessa had to interrupt and state: "I think you were on the wrong show."  She continued: "There are shows where they are based on their looks and if they have a connection, but I'm saying is you need to open your heart to a bigger picture. "Because at the end of the day what if she's mangled in an accident, what if she gains weight, what if she loses her hair, legs or arms are you not going to love her anymore?" 'Shake' interjected: "That's different," to which Vanessa, who sat beside her husband and co-host Nick Lachey responded: "I hope to God if I'm mangled… this man stands by my side and I know he will because he loves me for me." Love Is Blind is available on Netflix. 