Manchester United hero Paul Ince has called Declan Rice the "new Steven Gerrard" and believes he should go on to become the next England captain. The West Ham star has had a fine season and is one of the first names on Gareth Southgate's teamsheet. Declan Rice is the new Steven Gerrard and should be the next England captain after Harry Kane. That is the verdict from Manchester United legend Paul Ince, who believes he has all the right credentials. The West Ham star has had a meteoric rise over the last two seasons where he has become a key player under David Moyes and Gareth Southgate. His all-round play has helped the Hammers catapult up the table over the past few years. It would be suffice to say that without Rice, West Ham would be struggling without his combination of defensive awareness and pinpoint passing. It has alerted several Premier League clubs, who are interested in his services. Chelsea are keen on bringing back the player that they released when he was 14 but the favourites for his signature are United. The Red Devils are desperate for a defensive midfielder and Rice ticks all the boxes. And former United star Ince has already given his blessing, insisting that he could be wearing the armband for England very soon. It was also indicative that, despite widespread changes to the team, Southgate gave 90 minutes to Rice on Tuesday night against Ivory Coast. Ince said: "I think he’s a wonderful player. He’s got leadership qualities, even the way he talks in interviews, you can see he has desires to be one of the best players in the world. You can see his game developing at West Ham. "He’s now driving with the ball, making things happen. We talk about the Gerrards, Keanes, box-to-box players. This kid is on the same level. "Give him time because he’s playing as a holding midfield player, I’ve played 20 years in that role and never had licence to go forward. If he can add a few goals to his game, you’re talking about a very, very special player." While Kane is currently the England captain, a role he could still hold for at least four more years, Rice might have a while before he gets the chance to fulfil Ince's prediction. But at 23, the London-born ace has plenty of time on his side while whether he is at West Ham or not remains to be seen. The Hammers have most recently placed a £150million price tag on the midfielder's head to ward off interest in his services. But without Champions League football, that might have to be lowered if Rice asks to leave while his current contract expires in 2024 in east London.