Eagle-eyed fans spotted potential tension between Phillip Schofield and Eammon Holmes' wife Ruth Langsford on today's episode of This Morning, when the presenter failed to so much as thank her for her contribution on the show. The claims come after Ruth made a formal complaint about Phillip interrupting her back in 2019, two years before Eamonn's exit from the ITV show. Phillip was presenting alongside Josie Gibson today, after Holly Willoughby bowed out of her usual early morning slot due to contracting Covid. While Holly was away, fans wondered whether sparks would fly between Phillip and Ruth. Some believed their suspicions had been proven right after catching sight of Ruth describing what would be coming up on Loose Women. After Phillip didn't thank Ruth for her input before moving on to the next segment, Twitter fans were quick to voice their feelings.  READ NOW: Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC "Not even a 'thank you, Ruth' from our Phil. Fancy working in that atmosphere," one follower commented. Another, however, hit back: "We all know Phil and Ruth hate each other. No need for fake pleasantries." A third joked sarcastically that the interaction between the duo was "not awkward at all". Back in April 2019, Ruth had made a formal complaint, which claimed that during one of her preview presentations for Loose Women, Phillip had interrupted and talked over her. Without Holly there - a firm friend who has written on Instagram posts that he is her "bestie" - Phillip was forced to endure the seemingly awkward atmosphere solo. Express.co.uk has contacted Ruth and Phillip's reps for comment. The moment came after Eamonn passionately defended his wife during an explosive interview, while dismissing Phillip for thinking he was "special". DON'T MISS.. Shirley Bassey, 85, stuns BAFTA viewers with ageless beauty [PHOTOS] Benedict Cumberbatch pledges to take in Ukrainian refugees [LATEST] Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [DEBATE]  "[He] is renowned for snubbing people," he'd told the Daily Mail's Weekend Magazine. "He's very passive-aggressive. It's up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her." He continued feistily: "No one would have snubbed me like that. "I have a good Belfast street fighter in me… I would be direct."  In a further blast against Phillip, he added: "I don't go for presenters who think they have a special privilege or aura or influence." Eamonn also criticised ITV for not providing more support to him after slipped discs in his back caused walking difficulties. ITV made it clear that his account was not "a version of events that we recognise" in response to Eamonn's claims. The star has since switched to GB News, after a 15-year stint hosting alongside Ruth on This Morning. 