Manchester United chief Richard Arnold intends to sit down with the club’s managerial candidates only once they’ve impressed John Murtough and Darren Fletcher, it has been claimed. Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are the two favourites to take over from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. But others are under consideration behind the scenes as well. Manchester United have gone through four managers since Sir Alex Ferguson emotionally walked away in 2013, shortly after guiding the club to the Premier League title. David Moyes was axed after 10 months, despite initially signing a six-year contract to become his fellow Scot’s successor. Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho both won trophies but neither was able to last more than three years, losing their jobs in 2016 and 2018 respectively. And though United gave Ole Gunnar Solskjaer a three-year contract back in the summer, he was relieved of his duties back in November less than 24 hours after a dismal 4-1 defeat to Watford. Now, United are conducting a thorough process as they look to get their next managerial appointment right. Ten Hag and Pochettino have already been interviewed for the post, with the duo currently working at Ajax and Paris Saint-Germain respectively. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But United are also intending to talk with Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui as well. Beyond the Pitch anchor Phil Brown has claimed United supremo Arnold will only meet with managerial candidates in person once they’ve done enough to impress Murtough and Fletcher. Both men were hired by United to assist on the footballing front last year. And Brown said on Twitter: “Understand that the candidates Utd are considering won't even meet with Richard Arnold until they pass an interview with John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. “Overall the process is running to plan and well progressed.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ten Hag is the frontrunner for the United job at the current moment in time. The Ajax boss has worked wonders with limited resources over at Ajax, having been in the job over in the Netherlands ever since December 2017. Pochettino has been admired for a number of years, though, and is believed to have the backing of Ferguson behind the scenes. That means the PSG boss taking over can’t be ruled out, especially with the Ligue 1 giants likely to axe him this summer. Enrique has stressed he’s committed to the Spain national team, recently insisting he’ll lead them at the World Cup in Qatar later in the year. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz But United are admirers and plan on pursuing the former Barcelona boss anyway. Lopetegui is an outsider when it comes to securing the position, having previously flopped as Real Madrid manager. Yet he’s come under consideration due to the success he’s had at Sevilla, making them a force in La Liga once again. United legend Rio Ferdinand, meanwhile, has opened up on the possible appointments of Ten Hag and Pochettino. With regards to the Ajax manager, he said: “A club of the size of Man United with the egos and personalities in that changing room, its very different going to Ajax in that dressing room to this dressing room. “Ajax is a big club but in comparison to United it is very different.” On Pochettino, he added: “I spent a bit of time with him and he really impressed me as a person, him and his staff, men of detail. “I would see him thrive and really flourish in an interview. “I think he would impress the hierarchy and decision makers at Old Trafford if you have him in front of you. He certainly impressed me. “I wouldn’t be disappointed with Pochettino.”