Hours of work in the garden can soon be destroyed by weeds growing everywhere, in areas on the lawn as well as on patios. GardeningExpress.co.uk have unveiled the best homemade weed killers using store cupboard essentials such as vinegar. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain potentially harmful chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill beneficial microorganisms.” READ MORE: ‘Simple’ ways to ‘help a lawn look its best’ without cutting it One product which is great to use to kill weeds is vinegar. According to GardeningExpress.co.uk, it “will kill everything it touches”. They added: “But it won’t work on deep rooted perennials and may just burn the visible parts of the weed. “It’s highly effective on small weeds, but it can also alter your soil to prevent things from growing there in the future, so it’s best to use this on block paving or gravel driveways only. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPERT]Japanese knotweed warning as weed starts to grow - signs to look for [WARNING]Crops with ‘very little upkeep’ to sow now [COMMENT] “Simple add it to a sprayer and squirt onto the leaves and stems of weeds.” Salt, which has been used as a herbicide and pesticide for many years, can also be effective in killing weeds. Gardeners can dilute three parts water with one-part salt and leave to stand for 10 minutes to make sure the salt has fully dissolved. The experts continued: “Spray the desired weeds with the salty solution, but don’t use on lawns, salt can be absorbed into your soil and prevent future growth.” Boiling water can also help to destroy growing weeds, but gardeners should make sure there is no other greenery nearby as it can instantly kill the garden. This means it should be kept as close to the weeds as possible. GardeningExpress.co.uk also recommended using baking soda, particularly on weeds growing in cracks. This is ideal for driveways and patios to help avoid killing healthy grass and other vegetation. Mulch, which is often used on the soil to provide it with vitamins, can not only help get rid of weeds, it can also help prevent them too. The experts explained: “Layer mulch with newspapers and cardboard to eliminate existing weeds, whilst also stopping the next generation of weeds from growing too.” Cornmeal gluten can also be used to treat weeds and it is great for the garden because it is an organic herbicide and free from toxic chemicals. GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended scattering over soil to prevent crabgrass and dandelions from growing. Gardners can also use rubbing alcohol mixed with water to create a homemade weed killer. According to the experts, the alcohol will remove the moisture weeds need to survive.