Prince Charles and Camilla's office, Clarence House, announced the royal couple is to travel to Rwanda in June to attend the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM). This key event will see the Prince of Wales and the future Queen Consort stepping in again for the Queen, who remains the Head of the Commonwealth. Confirming his presence at the event, set to take place on June 20 in Kigali, the Prince of Wales said in a statement: "As the world works to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in this Jubilee year, it is more important than ever that the countries of the Commonwealth come together. "As a family of some 2.6 billion people from fifty-four nations across six continents, the Commonwealth represents a rich diversity of traditions, experience and talents which can help to build a more equal, sustainable and prosperous future. "With this shared sense of common purpose, and in view of recent, enforced postponements, my wife and I are delighted to be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June." This isn't the first important Commonwealth meeting attended by Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales has so far been at five CHOGMs - and has once represented Her Majesty in lieu of her absence. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here Confirming his presence at the event, set to take place on June 20 in Kigali, the Prince of Wales said in a statement: "As the world works to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in this Jubilee year, it is more important than ever that the countries of the Commonwealth come together. "As a family of some 2.6 billion people from fifty-four nations across six continents, the Commonwealth represents a rich diversity of traditions, experience and talents which can help to build a more equal, sustainable and prosperous future. "With this shared sense of common purpose, and in view of recent, enforced postponements, my wife and I are delighted to be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June." This isn't the first important Commonwealth meeting attended by Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales has so far been at five  - and has once represented Her Majesty in lieu of her absence.  His first attendance was in 1997, when the meeting took place in Edinburgh in 1997. A decade later, the prince travelled to Uganda for another Commonwealth Heads meeting, and again in 2013 he attended the event in Sri Lanka. The CHOGM taking place in South Asia was particularly poignant for the Prince of Wales as, on that occasion, he represented the sovereign. Charles also headed to the meetings held in Malta in 2015 and in the UK three years later. READ MORE: Queen health fears as monarch’s diary to be assessed Confirming his presence at the event, set to take place on June 20 in Kigali, the Prince of Wales said in a statement: "As the world works to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and in this Jubilee year, it is more important than ever that the countries of the Commonwealth come together. "As a family of some 2.6 billion people from fifty-four nations across six continents, the Commonwealth represents a rich diversity of traditions, experience and talents which can help to build a more equal, sustainable and prosperous future. "With this shared sense of common purpose, and in view of recent, enforced postponements, my wife and I are delighted to be attending the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Kigali, Rwanda, in June." This isn't the first important Commonwealth meeting attended by Prince Charles. The Prince of Wales has so far been at five CHOGMs - and has once represented Her Majesty in lieu of her absence.  The trip to Malta in 2015 marked the Queen and Prince Philip's last-ever working visit abroad. The monarch has since been represented by her relatives whenever she was needed to attend a ceremony or event outside of the UK borders. While the fact that Prince Charles is representing the Queen in Rwanda won't come as a surprise, it gains poignancy after the Prince of Wales is required to step in for the monarch also today at the Commonwealth Day service held at Westminster Abbey. Despite reports the monarch was hoping to attend the important event, the first in-person Commonwealth Day celebration since the pandemic took hold of Britain, Buckingham Palace announced on Friday the sovereign would not be at the Abbey. The statement said: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. "The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead." Chris Ship, ITV's royal editor, noted the poignancy of Clarence House's latest announcement ahead of today's service. He wrote on Twitter: "This was expected as the Queen no longer does international travel - but it’s confirmation, once again, of Prince Charles standing in for his mother - as he will today at the #CommonwealthDay2022 service."  Prince Charles is the natural candidate to step in for the Queen and represent her at a meeting of Commonwealth leaders as he has already been appointed her successor as Head of the Commonwealth. At today's service, Prince Charles and Camilla will be accompanied by a reduced number of senior royals than previously planned. The heir to the throne and his wife will be in the company of Prince William, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Alexandra. The Queen's cousins the Duke and Duchess of Glocester won't be in attendance as Prince Richard has contracted COVID-19. The Queen's absence at today's service comes after a few months of health concerns for the sovereign. Last month, she successfully recovered from a mild bout of Covid and last week she resumed in-person audience at her home in Berkshire. While she won't be at Westminster Abbey today, she is widely expected to be in attendance on March 29 for the service of thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip.