Alex White, a partner at management consultancy Flint and former political adviser at JP Morgan, said the assertion “doesn’t say much for the EU’s credibility”. He noted it was a sign of weakness over a conflict happening in the bloc’s “own backyard”.  Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is now in its eleventh day, and Ukrainian forces and enlisted civilians have so far been able to hold off the worst of the assault. However, there have been heavy Russian aerial bombardments in several key Ukrainian cities which have led to horrific civilian casualties. The evacuation of the heavily hit city of Mariupol was halted today as hostilities resumed following a shaky ceasefire. In Russia, public support for the war appears to be waning, with over 3,500 protesters demonstrating against Russian President Vladimir Putin’s military action being arrested by police today (Sunday). Similar demonstrations have taken place in recent days.  READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts On Friday, the EU’s foreign policy chief Josep Borrell told a Spanish newspaper diplomatic efforts must involve China – which in recent days has expressed its regret over the invasion in an apparent desertion of support for Putin. He told El Mundo: “There is no alternative [...] It must be China, I am sure of that. “Diplomacy cannot only be European or American. Chinese diplomacy has a role to play here.” Mr Borrell added: “We have not asked for it and neither have they [China], but since it has to be a power and neither the US nor Europe can be [mediators], China could be.”  Mr White reacted today, stating that it “doesn’t say much for the EU’s credibility as a security actor that it wants China to ‘mediate’ a war in its own backyard”. Mr Borrell also claimed it was “obvious” that the EU and the US could not mediate between Russian and Ukrainian forces. The EU has followed the lead of the UK and US in announcing a raft of sanctions against Russia, including the financing of arms for another country for the first time in its history. Germany also renounced its long-held tradition of arming another nation to support Ukraine’s military.  DON'T MISSSNP plot to EXPEL nuclear subs torn apart as Sturgeon comes under fire [REACTION]Britons to save thousands after France scrap hated Post-Brexit rule [ANALYSIS]Putin fearing Russia backlash: 'Riot police everywhere!' [INSIGHT] However, the bloc has been criticised for remaining overly-reliant on Russian fossil fuels, despite cancelling certification of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. Mr Borrell ruled out reviving the Normandy format for mediation, in which talks between Russia and Ukraine are arbitrated by France and Germany. The format was established in a bid to end fighting in the Russian-backed separatist regions of Donbas and Luhansk in 2014. Talks between Ukrainian and Russian delegations are expected to resume on Monday, a Ukrainian negotiator said yesterday.  China has so far abstained from condemning Putin’s invasion on the world stage. However, on Tuesday Wang Yi, Beijing’s foreign minister, said China “deeply regrets” that conflict had broken out. He added that China was “paying extreme attention to the harm suffered by civilians”, according to state broadcaster CCTV.  Meanwhile, Naftali Bennett, the Israeli Prime Minister, has said that he will continue to attempt to mediate between the warring nations, after returning from talks with Putin. Ukraine has requested that Israel serve as an intermediary, noting that it had good relations with both Ukraine and Russia. 