Benidorm is one of Britain’s favourite Spanish resorts. The popular destination has expressed confidence for the upcoming season. Most of Benidorm’s hotels are expected to be open during the Easter holiday for the first time since 2019. Last-minute bookings have been a lifeline for the resort as tourists rush to catch some sun in spring. Easter is likely to be the first test for Spain’s tourist resorts since the pandemic crushed the industry. According to Toni Mayor, president of the Hosbec hotel association in Benidorm, “reservations for the Holy Week are going very well.” READ MORE: Venice gives tourists water pistols to take on seagulls The sector expects Britons to make up 35 percent of arrivals in the popular resort this Easter season. However, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is likely to drive up prices and cause issues for Benidorm workers. Mayor said: “Although the war has had some impact, because obviously there are no tourists coming from Ukraine at the moment, what is more noticeable are the secondary effects on the economy, with the increase in costs and the shortage of materials, which, amongst other things, is delaying the renovation of buildings.” Several hotels in Benidorm may need renovations after two years of low guest occupancy during the pandemic. Some hotels have also struggled due to the recent trucking strike in Spain which disrupted supply chains. The strike, due to rising fuel prices, caused shortages of essential items such as sunflower oil. Heineken which owns Sol, Amstel and Cruzcampo said it might have to halt distribution due to the strike. Spain’s tourism industry is also facing problems due to the increase in the cost of electricity. Hosbec has said that the increase in food and energy prices could mean that room rates rise by 20 percent. Despite the rising costs, several hoteliers have also expressed confidence for the upcoming spring season. Javier García, vice president of hotel chain Magic Costa Blanca, said: “We are confident that April will be the month of the reactivation of tourism and employment.” Benidorm is a popular destination with British tourists during spring and summer, although some dedicated fans also visit the resort during winter.  British tourists currently need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have a recent recovery certificate. Teenagers aged between 12-17 will need a negative PCR test result if they are not vaccinated. There is speculation that Spain may change the rules on entry for Britons at the end of this week. However, this has yet to be confirmed and it is unknown what changes could be made, if any.