Cleaning star Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became popular after she began sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain an impressive 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips in her name. One of the groups, Facebook user Kelly Carty said: “I’ve jumped on the bandwagon of using shaving foam. “Could people please tell me how long I should leave it on for? “And what to wash it off with? “I have a carpet cleaner, shall I just use that? “Or does it need something more. Thanks guys.” READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home  In recent weeks, shaving foam has become a popular cleaning solution among Mrs Hinch fans. Cleaning enthusiasts have suggested using it to clean car seats, upholstery, sofas and carpets. Kelly’s post received 200 comments from Mrs Hinch fans, with some saying it makes their carpets look “like new”. Lisa Mcleod said: “I used this on my stairs carpet. “What a difference and the smell is amazing.”  DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] Ruth Pope replied: “I did this on my stairs. They look like new carpets, amazing.” Ruth also explained how she used the shaving foam to clean her carpet. She said: “Spray the foam on then leave for 10 minutes. “Then get a damp cloth or brush and scrub. Have a bucket of water to rinse the foam off.” Other users also shared how they used shaving foam to clean their carpets. Sharon Louise Berry said: “I just use a damp cloth, then when the foam is off, I go over it again with a damp cloth. “Then, I go over it with a towel then because my sofa shows watermarks sometimes I zap the hairdryer over it.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Livi Liv replied: “I scrub it in and then use a window squeegee to get it up then a damp cloth.” Amber Beesley commented: “I’ve heard you just give it a scrub and wipe off with a microfibre cloth.” The original author of the post, Kelly, shared how she managed to remove the foam from her carpet. She said: “I used my carpet cleaner to hoover it all up. “Obviously it's still wet. So not 100 percent sure if it's worked yet. But it's looking positive.”  When using shaving foam to clean, it’s important that cleaning enthusiasts use shaving foam not shaving gel. Insette Shaving Foam Sensitive can be found in Savers for 69p. Gillette Sensitive Skin Shaving Foam 200ml can be bought from Wilko for £1. Gillette Classic Regular Shaving Foam 200ml is available from Savers for £1. Xprt. For Men Sensitive Shave Foam 250ml can be bought from Tesco for £1.