The Met Office issued a whopping nine yellow weather warnings on Wednesday as wintry conditions closed in on the UK. Snowfall and hail showers were expected in regions across Scotland, the north east of England and Yorkshire from Wednesday night into Thursday morning, with warnings that the winter blast will lead to icy surfaces and travel disruption. The Met Office said that the freezing conditions were set to stay for the the next few days, with snow of up to 5cm expected in parts of Scotland, Northumberland and the North York Moors. Yellow warnings were issued for regions including Orkney and Shetland, Strathclyde, Yorkshire and the Humber and the East Midlands from Wednesday into Thursday as a polar front sweeping in from the north engulfs Britain. The Met Office said the drop in temperatures could lead to icy roads, pavements and cycle ways, raising the risk of injuries or accidents. It warned that the winter conditions could lead to longer journey times and travel disruption. The Met Office said: "Further wintry showers overnight Wednesday and early Thursday may lead to fairly widespread icy patches, particularly on untreated surfaces. "Some accumulations of snow are also possible, particularly across eastern Scotland and hillier areas of northeast England. 1-2 cm accumulations are possible mainly above 100 m, with 5 cm over parts of Scotland, Northumberland and the North York Moors above 200-300 m." Areas at risk span across the UK, from Aberdeen to Derbyshire. The warnings were issued as Britain braced to be plunged back into winter this week as a "polar front" closes in on the UK from Scandinavia, brigning snow, sleet and icy winds, Temperatures began to drop on Tuesday after over a week of warmth and sunshine, dashing hopes that spring may have arrived. The mercury is set to plummet on Wednesday and Thursday, with temperatures expected to fall as low as -10C in some areas of Scotland, according to forecasters. Most of Britain will be gripped by sub-zero temperatures in the coming days, with snow, sleet and hail forecast until the weekend. MORE TO FOLLOW…