Gary Lineker has agreed with Pep Guardiola's assessment of Jack Grealish's start to life at Manchester City. Grealish has underwhelmed many since his £100million move from Aston Villa last summer. But Guardiola has come out in defence of the England international. Grealish has just two goals and two assists to his name in 17 Premier League appearances this season. He also registered one goal and one assist in the group stage of the Champions League. But his manager Guardiola says there is too much focus on statistics and you have to look more at the player's impact on the pitch. When asked about Grealish at his press conference on Tuesday, Guardiola said: "Maybe he listened too much to what the people say and it’s wrong. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball  "Always we talk about the statistics. Players today play for the statistics, but this is the biggest mistake they can do. "Statistics are just a bit of information that we have, but there are players that make the team play good and are not in the statistics. Players say, 'How many goals (did) I score or how many assists'… this is the problem. "These statistics never existed before. It’s how you play if you perform to your maximum, to your best, help your team-mates to make the process defensively and offensively better, that is enough. Thanks to that we are going to win." In reaction to those quotes, Match of the Day presenter Lineker backed Guardiola. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'open talks' with Declan Rice alternative as director spotted at Old Trafford [TRANSFERS]Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel erupts at reporter over Roman Abramovich question [QUOTES]Real Madrid 'nervous’ about Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland as new details emerge [GOSSIP]  Lineker tweeted: "Spot on from Pep. Statistics are interesting and add to our knowledge in a small way, but what we see with a knowing eye is significantly more important." Guardiola insists Grealish was not signed for a British-record transfer fee because of his goalscoring prowess. The former Barcelona boss says the 26-year-old brings other qualities to the City side. "He plays quite similar to Aston Villa in terms of ball contact," Guardiola added.  "He had the chances against Crystal Palace in 20 minutes to score three goals. It didn’t happen, but it’s going to happen. "We didn’t buy him to score 45 goals. He doesn’t have that quality but he has another one. "He’s playing good, really. I wouldn’t tell you if he’s not playing good, but that’s not the case." Grealish has not played for City for almost a month due to a shin injury but was back in the squad for last weekend's win at Everton. 