'Eddie' Marie Janko-Reagan (played by Vanessa Ray) is a long-serving Police Officer in the New York City Police Department on Blue Bloods. The actress behind the officer has revealed that it isn't all work and no play on the show as some of the cast let their hair down in a nostalgic music video. However, it wasn't without its emotional turns. Boy Band New Kids On The Block invited several friends to help them promote their new tour by recreating iconic 1980s pop videos. Their Mixtape Tour 2022 starts in June this year, and to help them spread the word, some of the cast of Blue Bloods dressed to impress and rocked out. Ray, helping out her Blue Bloods co-star Donnie Wahlberg, lived her best 80s life in the Bring Back The Time (Ft Salt-N-Pepa, Rick Astley, En Vogue) official video remake. The 40-year-old star shared several Instagram Stories with her 596,000 followers about the project. Read More: Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon stunned as £30 earrings make ‘unbelievable’ profit She captioned the post: "A huge congrats @donniewahlberg and @nkotb for bringing this joy to my life.: Admitting the emotions soon boiled over, she added: "I cried the first time Donnie showed us the final project," followed by a love heart emoji. The video on the band's official YouTube channel already has over 873,500 views since it landed on March 3. She also shared several behind-the-scenes clips from the day of filming.   She added: "@jillianbell got to come along and she of course found a dog (lumpy)" She also revealed a photo of herself and Blue Bloods actress Marisa Ramirez wearing matching red and black club kid outfits. Posting an image of her getting her make-up done on set, she said: "Fitting that my first attempt at being a vixen I wear: A TRASH BAG." The playful spoof video pays homage to Journey's Separate Ways, A Flock of Seagulls' I Ran (So Far Away), Robert Palmer's Addicted to Love, Devo's Whip It, Toni Basil's Mickey, and more. DON’T MISS…90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis Deley now? [LATEST]Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby betrayed by unlikely enemy as star drops clue? [LATEST]Y1883: ‘I was a mess’ Margaret Dutton star Faith Hill opens up on co-star’s ‘tragic’ exit  [LATEST] The video is introduced by Ralph McDaniels, who hosts New York City's Video Music Box. Speaking to Billboard, Wahlberg said: "This video, as fun and as silly as it is, it really is a celebration of the music and the look and the videos of that era. "For us and our fans, that's when we met. That's when we would count the stars in the sky. We made a promise for life back then, that we would always be their band and they would always be our fans and we would always have this relationship. "It sounds sappy, but it's really true. I think the fact that we still have that relationship [with the fans], it's so fun to celebrate all our years together."   Loyal fans of the band and general music lovers have shared their love of the comedy video. Scenic Fights commented on the YouTube video to say: "A collab I never knew I wanted. I'm pleasantly surprised by how amazing the song and music video is. It's a love letter to the 80s with all the music video references." "THIS is what we needed right now! All the nostalgia and feel-good vibes! More of this, please!" Travis said. Diehard fan Shannon Smyth added: "Sooooooooo good. I love the parts where you can clearly see everyone trying not to laugh. PS. I still have that NKOTB poster saved in a memory box in my closet from when I was a teenager!" (sic) Blue Bloods season 12 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet. 