Dame Shirley Bassey left BAFTA viewers speechless tonight after opening the award ceremony with a powerful rendition of Diamonds Are Forever. The singer, 85, sparked a frenzy as she took to the stage at the 75th BAFTA Awards in honour of 60 years of James Bond, but soon left viewers stunned at her youthful appearance and ageless looks. The This Is My Life singer left fans stunned as she appeared in a glittering silver dress to sing the theme song of the 1971 James Bond film, Diamonds Are Forever. The star sported her signature coiffed brown bob and a glamorous face of makeup, including a fuschia pink lip and a smokey eye. Opening the awards ceremony at the Royal Albert Hall tonight, Dame Shirley sparked a frenzy on social media, as she left viewers reeling and gobsmacked over her ageless looks. Flocking to Twitter, social media users told how they were in disbelief at the singer's youthful appearance. READ MORE: Louise Minchin speaks out as ex-BBC Breakfast colleague calls it quits Twitter user @sophwall97 wrote: "I just hope I look as good as @shirleybassey at 85! Such an iconic voice!." @GemmaPollarddd penned: "Shirley Bassey bless her how good does she look?!" While @chanadehemming chipped in: "Shirley Bassey proving that age is just a number. #BAFTAs" @ZoeWatsonArtist added: "85 years old!!! She was magnificent!" Social media users also commended the star's performance of the 1971 hit. @Karycustardnew wrote: "OMG Shirley Bassey amazing." (sic) Twitter user @mattbruce007 penned: "Shirley Bassey killing it at the BAFTAs with Diamonds Are Forever at age 85!" While @gorbalsgoebbels added: "Shirley Bassey was utterly brilliant. And she’s no spring chicken." DON'T MISS...Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [UPDATE]AJ Odudu puts on jaw-dropping display in sheer dress at BAFTAs 2022 [ANALYSIS]Demi Rose puts on cheeky display in tiny, see-through dress [INSIGHT] As Dame Shirley performed in the prestigious concert venue, a montage celebrating 60 years of James Bond played on the screen. She went on to receive a standing ovation for the hit which she first sang over five decades [removed 'years'] ago. Welsh star Shirley is the only singer to perform more than one James Bond theme. As well as Diamonds Are Forever, she also recorded the songs to Moonraker and Goldfinger. She also recorded Mr. Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang for Thunderball, but it wasn't used. Instead, Welsh singer Tom Jones took on the film's theme tune. Speaking about recording the theme tune to Goldfinger, Shirley gushed over the film's hit. She branded it "the first, and the biggest, hit I ever had".