An audience member and former veteran who had served in Iraq, Yugoslavia and Afghanistan expressed his ardent support for the UK sending troops into Ukraine to defeat the Russians. He said: “I was going to ask about military action, having Afghanistan, Iraq and Yugoslavia and [having] served there, why are we not going in? “I just don’t understand.” When pressed by presenter Fiona Bruce as to fears about these actions triggering World War III, the veteran added: “It feels like the politicians were doing this in Bosnia. “Then when we had war crimes and everything out there, then we did something.  “We should do something now.” Suella Braverman, attorney general for England and Wales and Conservative MP for Fareham, responded: “Well, the UK Government and NATO have been clear…we’ve made it clear that NATO is a defensive alliance. “We are proud to have been a founding member of NATO.  READ MORE: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai “And we are providing huge resources on that side of the border. “We’ve got a big presence in Estonia, we’ve got UK contributions. “Article 5 is clear that an attack on a NATO nation will be an attack on all nations, and if Putin crosses that line, NATO will respond forcefully. “But, until then, we will do everything in our might to support the Ukrainians in their self defence.  DON'T MISS:‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning [REVEAL]‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear'[LATEST]Medvedev facing more ban calls as Ukrainian player wants No 1 blocked [SPORT] “And that’s why I’m really proud of the UK leadership that we’ve demonstrated in arming the Ukrainians with missiles, the NLAWs, the Javelins, the Starstreak. “So much so that the Ukrainians shout God Save the Queen, when they fire them.” Ms Braverman said she did not believe Russian victory in Ukraine was inevitable and that “actions speak louder than words”. She urged for a peace deal that the Ukrainians would accept and said it was “humbling” to be sharing the panel with Ms Vasylenko, who is planning to return to Ukraine this week despite the dangers. 