Rob Mallard, who plays Daniel Osbourne in ITV soap Coronation Street, admitted he didn't realise "how serious" his essential tremor was. Joining This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, Rob teased fans about what to expect for his character in the upcoming weeks but he also touched on his health, opening about the difficulties of living with an essential tremor. After speaking about Coronation Street, Phillip asked: "It is tremor awareness month, you came on here in March 2018, you suffer from essential tremor. "This month is, and you've done a lot yourself, but this month is about raising awareness and explaining what that is." Rob explained: "Yeah, so like you said, March is essential tremor awareness month, I was diagnosed with an essential tremor when I was 14. "But I didn't quite realise how serious it was until I was in my mid-20s, you assume with shaking that it is an old person's thing. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell "Like most people, most old people, you do have a slight tremor, but it's actually amazingly common in young people, and it's often misdiagnosed as anxiety disorders. "People on the street might think something bad like you're on a comedown or your withdrawing from something or anything. "Whereas what it actually is, is just brain chemistry where something is going wrong with the neurones in the brain that are firing incorrectly. "It causes involuntary shaking in certain parts of the body so the hands, the back of the head, the legs sometimes and it really depends for a lot of different people. "If anyone does think they suffer from it or think they know someone who suffers from an essential tremor, then the place to go is the national tremor foundation they have a website. "Lots of contact details on there, loads of information and just for peace of mind really and for possible medical solutions that you might want to try," he concluded. Fans of Coronation Street who watched Rob's interview took to Twitter to praise his bravery and courage to speak out about his condition. User @voicealoice said: "Omg, I can't believe you have brought awareness to essential tremors! I always got such a weird look from people when I've mentioned it. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son? [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Leanne Battersby fights for custody of Sam? [LATEST] Coronation Street sparks backlash over Abi Franklin’s drugs binge [WATCH] "I've had it since I can remember! Thank you!" @Shakytucker commented: "Big fan of Rob Mallard. I've got a tremor so having someone in the public eye with it brings awareness. "When people see my hands shaking at my age, they automatically come to the conclusion that I'm an alcoholic. In hereditary, so hopefully people will understand now." Daryl Sherbourne added: "Just saw your interview on @thismorning regarding essential tremor month & your personal connection. "Thanks for that, my daughter has struggled with a tremor in her hand since her early teens & has given up on her dreams." Helen Addison wrote: "Glad Rob talking about Essential Tremor. It's not fun." Christy Ray praised: "Wow, Rob never knew you had a tremor! Good on you for continuing to raise awareness and working hard for all the others out there." This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.