Getting good sleep is incredibly important for your overall health. It may reduce your risk of developing certain chronic illnesses, keep your brain healthy, and boost your immune system. Sleep expert Rosie Osmun, from Eachnight.com, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to discuss the best tips for an undisturbed night's rest. Rosie said: “Studies have found that eating carbohydrates approximately four hours before bedtime can shorten how long it takes to fall asleep. “Try to incorporate healthy carbs into your dinner. “Overly salty, fatty or spicy meals can cause acid reflux and heartburn so avoid eating these late at night. “Instead, try to opt for foods like sleep-promoting fruits and vegetables, such as cherries or bananas to avoid tossing and turning at night.” Other foods which help to promote sleep include: For other tips pertaining to eating habits and improved sleep, these include: Avoid eating late at night, as your body will be converting food into energy Pay attention to portion control, as large portions can disrupt digestion Avoid stimulants, such as sugars or caffeine, as they will keep you up at night Eat something before your body starts to wind down. Going to bed on an empty stomach drops blood sugar levels and interferes with the body’s ability to sleep well. Many of us lie awake tossing and turning, trying to find the best position to nod off. Sleeping on your stomach is the worst sleeping position according to sleep experts. It’s said the position can lead to multiple issues such as strained muscles and joints, stiffness, back and neck pain. Rosie added: “If you are having trouble falling asleep, it is essential to avoid looking at your clock. “When struggling to sleep, it’s difficult to resist curious glances at the clock to see how much time is left until morning. “However, obsessing over the time may only cause stress and ultimately make it harder to fall asleep. “Additionally, try to keep electronics out of your bedroom as much as possible to avoid a disrupted night’s sleep.”