With the Russian invasion of Ukraine now entering its second week, Moscow has stepped up efforts to completely dominate Ukraine in spite of initial promises by the Kremlin it will not attack its southern neighbour. Yet, for Putin, what was initially thought to be a simple “special operation” taking a day or two is now stretching out.  Now, an expert believes Putin will not be satisfied with taking Ukraine alone, as he seeks to bolster his legacy within Russia. Speaking to Merkur.de, Vittorio Hösle, a Professor of Arts and Letters, when asked if Ukraine is enough for Putin said: “He will be extremely brutal in taking Kyiv and then possibly install a puppet government. “After, Putin will reach for Moldova, where Russian troops are already stationed to the east. “It is conceivable he will also fetch Georgia.”  With NATO forces posted on the Western front of much of Russia, the Kremlin has long asked the alliance to de-escalate its presence on the borders of Russia. Putin has repeatedly demanded Ukraine and Georgia be denied access to the pact and is one of the reasons many feel he invaded Ukraine. When asked if Putin is willing to stretch the conflict into NATO countries, Professor Hösle said: “You know, Putin has a fable for symbolism. “In St Petersburg, a large exhibition is currently being organised about Peter the Great, who is called 'the Great' also because he brought the Baltic States back to Russia. “'Vladimir the Great' sees himself as the heir to 'Peter the Great'. “It is not at all unlikely this is on his agenda.”  READ MORE:Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? The Professor was then asked how Putin could go about branching out Russian influence into NATO countries, including in a military fashion. Professor Hösle said: “I'm no military expert, but look at Sweden. “The country is not in NATO and has been extremely worried for months. “They have reintroduced conscription, the population is continuously prepared for a possible invasion. “I don't think Putin wants all of Sweden, but he would like to have Gotland.“Whoever controls Gotland controls the Baltic Sea. “If the Kremlin wants to attack the Baltic states from land and sea, Gotland would be very useful.”  DON'T MISS:North Korea nuclear warning: Alert after activity detected [REPORT]France and Germany unite in attack on British Airways [INSIGHT]Awkward moment maskless Boris glares at Trudeau [REVEAL] Russia has openly and long yearned for a warm water port with easy access to the Atlantic. Many military experts have argued a lack of such facilities has always been an Achilles Heel for the Kremlin. With the war in Ukraine seemingly about to intensify as Putin attempts to quell resistance once and for, Professor Hösle, when asked whether Ukraine can maintain its resistance against Russian forces said: “I want to say emphatically how much I admire Ukraine. They are defending not only their freedom, but the freedom of all of us. “Militarily, the Russians are actually vastly superior, but many of these young soldiers are obviously not trained enough for such a mission. “On the Ukrainian side, on the other hand, there is infinite motivation.“My faint hope is we will experience something like in 1939 when Stalin attacked Finland. “The Finns fought like lions and in the end had to give up a piece of territory. But they remained independent.”  Russia has recently announced it is willing to open “humanitarian corridors” for people to leave the country. However, the move has been widely criticised as routes only lead to Russia or Russian sympathetic Belarus. UN reports suggest over 1.5 million people have fled the conflict into neighbouring countries including Poland, Moldova and Romania. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg 