Tottenham are understood to be willing to consider offers for right-wing-back Emerson Royal less than seven months after signing him from Barcelona on transfer deadline day last August. The Brazilian arrived at the club in the final hours of the transfer window for a fee in the region of £26million. However, Royal's unpredictability on the field has seen him struggle to win over Tottenham supporters. Arsenal had also taken a look at the former Real Betis man before Spurs swooped to land the Brazil international, who was regarded as one of the best right-backs in La Liga last season. Nonetheless, things have not gone entirely to plan for Emerson in north London following a challenging start to life in his new surroundings. Now Antonio Conte seems to be favouring Matt Doherty, who is slowly turning his Tottenham career around. READ MORE: Gary Neville issues damning verdict on Marcus Rashford 'considering Man Utd future' Spurs were open to offers for the Republic of Ireland international last summer and The Sun now claim Tottenham will listen to offers for Emerson. The development appears to suggest Conte is not entirely convinced by Fabio Paratici's summer signing, who could now be in line for an early exit. In early February, Conte jumped to the defence of Emerson and defended his player following a strong showing against Brighton in the FA Cup. “I think his performance was really top tonight. He played very well. And it’s important for his confidence, important for him," Conte said. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'contact Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag' with new favourite to take jobGary Neville issues damning verdict on Marcus Rashford 'considering Man Utd future'Newcastle boss Eddie Howe 'planning £70m exodus' with seven players heading for exit door “Don’t forget that also Emerson is only 23 years old and to come here and play in another league is not simple. “There are a lot of difficulties, but Emerson is a good player and knows very well that there’s space for improvement." Spurs have already been linked with a host of right-backs including Middlesbrough's Djed Spence. Express Sport understands Tottenham are one of 14 clubs scouting the Championship sensation, who has caught the eye on loan at Nottingham Forest. VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ Bayern Munich are the latest club to scout the 21-year-old in Forest's FA Cup win over Huddersfield on Monday at the City Ground. Torino's Wilfried Singo is also being scouted by Spurs after catching the eye in Conte's homeland of Italy. Tottenham are set to back their manager in the summer transfer market - providing he remains committed to the project. The Italian will now seek to build on the club's positive progress in the January market when Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur was brought through the door from Juventus.