BBC weather presenter Carol Kirkwood has taken to Twitter to praise the broadcaster for their help after facing a behind-the-scenes technical problem. The meteorologist, 59, explained that she was having issues with her computer, before the broadcaster's engineers managed to sort it out in time for her to continue her presenting responsibilities. In view of her 219,000 followers, the presenter gushed over the support she had received yesterday morning Carol wrote: "Have to say, our BBC Engineers are THE BEST! "Had a computer issue this morning. "They were on it and sorted it out so quickly. READ MORE: Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top "Huge thanks xxx," she ended her post. Following Carol's post, her followers took to the comments to weigh in on her technical troubles. Quintin Young asked the host: "Did you bribe them with sweets and biscuits." (sic) Carol replied with a series of laughing and kiss face emojis. Lee Hudson asked the star whether the engineers had just switched the problematic computer in question "off and on", followed by a wink face. Once again, the weather expert revealed that she was amused by the remark. Carol's post comes days after she reached out to her BBC colleague Sally Bundock after the news presenter "busted" her knee during a ski trip. Sally revealed she had to be "carted off" a mountain after an accident on holiday with her family. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]Lord Sugar slams Piers Morgan for 'crowing without giving solution' [UPDATE] The news broadcaster took to the micro-blogging site and shared a series of pictures of her injury as she returned to her normal work duties on Monday. But it was the photo of her leg in a brace that caught the attention of meteorologist Carol, who offered her sympathy to her colleague. Sally, 50, took to Twitter and shared a photo of herself in the BBC studios as she prepped for her live broadcast. She could be seen wearing a smart blazer, which she teamed with a pair of jeans and trainers. The journalist also sported a leg brace in the candid photo. In view of her 39,300 followers, Sally captioned the post: "I’m not headed to the 'catwalk' this morning… #legbrace #skiaccident." Responding to the post, Carol took the opportunity to reach out to her colleague. She replied: "[Shock face emoji] Oh Sal...xxx."