The Pontiff used his weekly address to beg for peace in the war-ravaged country. He warned that unless hostilities end, whole cities risk being "reduced to cemeteries". Meanwhile, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was seen visiting wounded soldiers in a Kyiv hospital to boost their morale and award them medals. He told them: "Guys, get well soon. I believe that the best gift for your statement will be our common victory." The Pope, speaking to 25,000 disciples in St Peter's Square, Vatican City, condemned indiscriminate Russian strikes on children's hospitals and civilians as "barbaric", saying they have no "valid strategic reason". He said Mariupol - the besieged southern Ukrainian city which "bears the name of the Virgin Mary" - had "become a city martyred by the heartbreaking war". The 85-year-old Argentinian clergyman begged: "In the name of God, I ask: Stop this massacre." It was his fiercest condemnation of the invasion of Ukraine so far. Until now he has not referenced Russia by name since Putin ordered the invasion on February 24. But the Pope's choice of words was pointed and unambiguous. He said: "Faced with the barbarity of killing of children, of innocents and unarmed civilians, no strategic reasons can hold up." Moscow says its action is designed not to occupy territory but to demilitarise and "de- Nazify" its neighbour. It has also denied targeting civilian areas. Pope Francis added: "The only thing to do is stop this unacceptable armed aggression before it reduces cities into cemeteries." His impassioned plea came after the eastern Ukraine city of Volnovakha was obliterated by invading forces. Donetsk governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said: "In general, Volnovakha with its infrastructure as such no longer exists." Also at the weekend, a monastery sheltering 1,000 people was struck by Russian missiles. Families, including 200 children, had sought refuge in the Svyatogorsk Lavra, an Orthodox Christian site in the Donetsk region, when it was struck. Several people were injured. And a conductor on a train heading to pick up refugees in the nearby city of Lyman was killed by a bomb. Yesterday a mum fleeing the war with her two young children died when a coach carrying 50 Ukrainian refugees overturned on a motorway in Italy. Other passengers, including the woman's children, aged five and 10, were injured in the early-morning accident near Forli, in the north-east of the country.