Top Boy season two premiered on Netflix earlier this month, once again following the Summerhouse gang and their boss Dushane Hill (played by Ashley Walters) as they grow their drug empire. But it wasn't all business for the crew as second-in-command Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) got a love interest of her own in newcomer Beck, played by model and actress Adwoa Aboah. However, will she be able to trust Beck in the long run or is there more to her new girlfriend than meets the eye? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy. In the first episode of Top Boy, Jaq went to a bar for a blind date with Beck, having been set up by a mutual friend of theirs. They hit it off pretty much straight away and ended their night on a kiss but things quickly went wrong when they became victims of a homophobic attack thanks to a group of youths. Jaq later got her revenge when her fellow Summerhouse crew members tracked the culprits down and she aggressively beat one of them on the ground until he was lying in a pool of his own blood. This incident only seemed to bring Jaq and Beck closer together with the gangster returning her date's stolen bag and consequently staying the nig READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air  Beck showed she wanted something more than just a fling with Jaq when she later helped out her sister Lauryn (Saffron Hocking). She escaped her abusive partner Curtis (Howard Charles) in Liverpool and needed somewhere to stay where he wouldn't be able to find her so Beck put her up in her house for a few weeks. While she wasn't exactly best pleased with the arrangements, Beck did so as a favour to Jaq which she was grateful for. However, very little is known about Beck's own life and how she came to be involved in that lifestyle of which she clearly isn't part of. Jaq was set up on a blind date but it it's not clear how their mutual friend met Beck. She has since quickly worked her way into the life of one of Dushane's most loyal employees but can Beck really be trusted? If she was an undercover police officer, this would be the perfect way to get information out of Jaq about the gang to try and put her boss behind bars for good. This wouldn't be the first time the police have infiltrated the gang either. DON'T MISS...Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [EXPLAINER]Top Boy theory: Lauryn's baby father exposed as dead character? [THEORY]Power's Tommy star sparks frenzy with Force and Top Boy crossover hint [CROSSOVER] In the first season of Top Boy on Netflix, fans were introduced to junkies Lee (Josef Altin) and Sarah (Isla Jackson-Ritchie). They slowly earned their trust, pretending to tell Dris (Shone Romulus) about an undercover officer working on one of the market stalls. Their true identities weren't revealed until the grand finale and Dushane only found out the truth in season two when he sat in on Ruben's (Theo Ogundipe) hearing and saw Sarah. If Beck is working for the police, Jaq will be heartbroken and there is no telling what she will do in response to that kind of betrayal. Following the shocking season two ending of Top Boy season two, fans are expecting a third series. Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward) was murdered on his doorstep by Sully (Kane "Kano" Robinson) in front of his younger brothers so it is likely the story isn't over just yet. For now at least, Top Boy hasn't been renewed for another series by Netflix. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.