The Dropout delves into the life of Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of blood test company Theranos which was supposed to develop technology where a simple blood prick could perform hundreds of medical tests. The eight-part mini-series has been made for Hulu and Disney+ with the first three instalments coming out on Thursday, March 3. Here's everything there is to know about the cast of The Dropout. Elizabeth Holmes is the founder of Theranos who became obsessed with getting people to believe in her and the company. She was found guilty of criminal fraud and will be sentenced later this year, facing a potential 20-year sentence. Portraying Holmes is actress Amanda Seyfried who famously stars as Sophie Sheridan in the hit musical movie franchise Mamma Mia!. She has also been in Les Miserables, Dear John, Mean Girls and Big Love. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Not only was Sunny Balwani Holmes' business partner and chief operating officer at Theranos, but he was also her boyfriend. He is played by actor Naveen Andrews who took on the role of Sayid Jarrah in the drama Lost which won him nominations for a Golden Globe Award and Primetime Emmy Award. Some of his other roles have been in Sense8, Once Upon a Time in Wonderland, Sinbad and Instinct. Ian Gibbons was Theranos' chief scientist who died by suicide after he was demoted by Holmes when he raised concerns about the company. Stephen Fry is an actor, writer, comedian and presenter who was the face of panel show QI for 13 years. Last year, Fry received praise for his part in Channel 4's It's A Sin as Arthur Garrison. DON'T MISS...Colonel explains why Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is failing [EXPLAINER]Star Wars leak: Marvel star 'will replace' Daisy Ridley as Rey [CAST]West Side Story streaming release date: Where to watch Oscar favourite [RELEASE DATE] Inventor Richard Fuisz also played a key role in the company as Holmes relied on him to get the technology side off the ground. He is played by actor William H Macy who has been in various TV shows and films during his career. Fargo, Boogie Nights, ER, Magnolia and The Lionhearts are just a few in which Macy has starred in. For a decade, Macy portrayed Frank Gallagher in the comedy-drama Shameless. Jay Rosen worked for pharmacy giant Walgreens which invested in Theranos. He is portrayed by actor Alan Ruck who plays Connor Roy in the drama Succession.Ruck's other work includes Star Trek: Generations, Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Exorcist and Speed. Other cast members include: Charlotte Schultz - Anne Archer George Schultz - Sam Waterson Kate Burton Michel Gill LisaGay Hamilton Elizabeth Marvel The Dropout premieres on Thursday, March 3, on Disney+.