Prince Josef-Emanuel, 32, is the son of Princess Margaretha of Luxembourg and Prince Nikolaus of Liechtenstein. On Friday, March 25, the royal married socialite Claudia Echavarria in her hometown of Cartagena de Indias on the Caribbean coast. Photographs from the nuptials picture an extravagant affair, with the couple seen walking down the aisle inside the breath-taking Iglesia de San Pedro Claver church.  Claudia cut an ethereal figure in a lace, off-the-shoulder gown as hundreds of well-wishers gathered outside to catch a glimpse of the bride. The gown was designed by Esteban Cortazar and had massive balloon sleeves, reminiscent of the late Princess Diana. It featured a low-cut corset with buttons going down the front and little bows tied on her shoulders. Claudia decided against wearing a tiara to marry into the Royal Family.  Royal fans were divided on the new royal’s style at her wedding. Instagram user @francinegotardo said: “Not a fan of the dress but she looks beautiful.” Another account, @birdnerd327 added: “Sorry, I think this dress takes the place of the worst wedding dress. “The former winner was Victoria Romanov.   “Despite the terrible sleeves that turn into wings from the back and the corset that looks like it belongs in a romance novel, she looks happy and that’s all that matters.” Royal watcher @heidimariescott wrote: “Very revealing in the front. Very. Angel wings in the back are poufy ones. “Not a fan but I agree they look very happy and that is all that matters.” Instagram user @alexisplexis commented saying: “The veil is gorgeous but that’s it for this dress.  “She looks like a milkmaid or an Oktoberfest waitress.” However, one royal fan @milapacheco ️said: “Our beautiful Colombian Princess!” Later, traditional Columbian dancers performed at the entrance to the church. Josef-Emanuel and Claudia announced their engagement in July 2021, following the wedding of Princess Therese of Liechtenstein and Count Cajetan of Toerring-Jettenbach in Austria. The Prince, who wore a classic pinstripe suit, tan waistcoat and striped tie for his nuptials, is the youngest son of Princess Margaretha of Luxembourg and Prince Nikolaus of Liechtenstein.  Born in Belgium where his father was an Ambassador, he is currently 16th in line for the throne of Liechtenstein. Josef-Emanuel is a member of not only one, but two Royal Families, being the grandson of the late Grand Duke Jean of Luxembourg and Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium on his mother's side. The royal's new wife, known as Cloclo, is a well-known socialite in Cartagena, Colombia. She grew up in Miami and Geneva and is now based in London. 