Manchester United saw their hopes of qualifying for the Champions League dealt a fresh blow by Manchester City on Sunday. Pep Guardiola’s side were able to reign supreme at the Etihad Stadium courtesy of a double from Kevin De Bruyne. Ralf Rangnick’s team will now need to regroup and go again, with their season going from bad to worse. Manchester United were always going to find it difficult against City. And while they put in a brave and bold showing against their fierce rivals, it wasn’t enough to leave the Etihad with a point to their name. De Bruyne put City ahead after just five minutes, with his low shot going through Harry Maguire’s legs on the way in. Jadon Sancho was able to level for the visitors, briefly silencing the boo boys in the home crowd in the process. Yet City ended up winning with De Bruyne on target again, while Riyad Mahrez bagged a brace in the second half. Express Sport will now take a look at the United players and rate and slate them following their performances in the derby defeat. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here David De Gea - 6 Couldn’t do anything about either of City’s goals. The Spain international nearly gifted Pep Guardiola’s side another before the interval but, luckily, Aaron Wan-Bissaka was able to intervene to spare his blushes. Aaron Wan-Bissaka - 5 Started off well before struggling as the clock ticked down . Looked vulnerable at times but the way he saved De Gea was particularly admirable. Appears to have now won Rangnick round, having previously lost his place in the team to Diogo Dalot, yet struggled to contain the threat of the excellent Bernardo Silva. Harry Maguire - 5 Let De Bruyne’s opening goal go through his legs and should have done better when it came to stopping the Belgium international’s second. Not his worst performance but not his most convincing either and must do more if he’s to ever live up to his massive £80million price tag. Victor Lindelof - 6 Arguably United’s best centre-back at the current moment in time. Kept his cool amid the heat of the Etihad battle and his passing out from the back is his best trait. Doesn’t deserve to be dropped and his composure is always welcome. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Alex Telles - 5 Terrorised by Riyad Mahrez for much of the match after being picked by Rangnick in the absence of Luke Shaw, who has Covid. The Brazil international is a good offensive threat yet was slow to react for De Bruyne’s second goal and improvement, like many of his team-mates, is required. Fred - 6 A solid if unspectacular showing from the Brazil international. His tenacious energy caused problems and he does appear better when deployed further up the field. That said, United are still expected to try and land a new midfielder when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. Scott McTominay - 5 Failed to get to grips with City’s midfield and didn’t offer too much at both ends. The Scotland international never got close to containing De Bruyne and whether he keeps his place in the side remains to be seen. Paul Pogba - 6 Paul Pogba said before the match against City that some of his favourite moments have come against Pep Guardiola’s side. He was stifled on the day, however, with De Bruyne and Phil Foden both outshining him. Still, United would be wise to get him tied down to a new deal because he’s certainly capable of making the difference. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Bruno Fernandes - 7 Huffed and puffed all day but, ultimately, couldn’t find the net for United. He is a talismanic presence in Rangnick’s side, however, and appears to be operating at the peak of his powers once again having previously struggled in the immediate aftermath of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s departure. Anthony Elanga - 6 Picked over Marcus Rashford, Anthony Elanga looked bright throughout the match with City. His directness caused Guardiola’s side problems and the forward is going from strength to strength. Better afternoons, given his big talent and potential, certainly lie ahead. Jadon Sancho - 8 Jadon Sancho has had a slow start to life at Old Trafford since arriving from Borussia Dortmund last summer. However, the 21-year-old has finally now arrived in English football. His goal was well-taken and this was yet more proof that he’s back to his best after months of struggling. Marcus Rashford - 6 Snubbed for a starting berth, United threw Marcus Rashford on while trailing 2-1. The England internatonal cut a subdued figure, however, with his confidence seeming shot. United now face a fight to get the England star back to his best. Jesse Lingard - 5 Came on with Rashford and failed to make his mark. Seems to be living his final days as a United player, with his contract due to expire at the end of the season.