Manchester City restored the six-point gap between them and Liverpool with a dominant 4-1 victory over arch-rivals Manchester United. Kevin De Bruyne stole the show as he scored twice and assisted Riyad Mahrez as City ended a run of three straight defeats at home to United in some style. Mahrez even had time to add a fourth late on to rub salt in the wound, and Express Sport will now rate the performancs of the Premier League leaders against United. Ederson: 6 The Brazilian is used to not having much to do in the City goal, but there was nothing he could do about Jadon Sancho's strike, and he made a smart stop to deny Fred early on. Kyle Walker: 5 Although hailed for his blistering pace, City were caught short on the counter and it was down Walker's side that Sancho found acres of space before scoring. His England team-mate gave him a few problems at the Etihad. John Stones: 6 Stones was strong as he looked to rekindle an old partnership with Aymeric Laporte, and he helped organise the back-line in the absence of Ruben Dias. He wasn't too troubled centrally, as more of the threat came out wide. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  Aymeric Laporte: 6 It was a big moment for Laporte as he will now be called upon with Dias out for a minimum of four weeks. The Spaniard rose to the challenge though and posed a threat in United's area as well as holding firm in his own. He even displayed his speed as he cut out passes intended for the likes of Sancho and Anthony Elanga. Joao Cancelo: 6 Joao Cancelo loves to get forward but he ended up getting in the way of Jack Grealish and Bernardo Silva at times. However, down his channel he didn't let much past, as he was solid defensively. Kevin De Bruyne: 9 (MOTM) Where to start? De Bruyne was the most influential player on the field and it was only right that the captain was the one to drive his side forward and step up in a huge match. He somehow managed to find himself unmarked for the opener, and he smashed City back in front when United had threatened with an equaliser. He also set up the third with a pinpoint delivery to Riyad Mahrez.   DON’T MISSArnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Rodri: 6 With so many attacking players, Rodri's task is immense as he is tasked with controlling the midfield from deep on his own, and he makes it look easy at times. He was tested slightly against United, and gave away a few cheap fouls, but didn't make any costly errors. Bernardo Silva: 7 Silva grabbed an assist for the opening goal after some smart build-up play down the left with Grealish, and his wand of a left foot continues to cause problems for opposition players. His pass helped open up the game early on and he would've grabbed a goal of his own if it wasn't for Harry Maguire's block.   Riyad Mahrez: 8 The Algerian also holds a magical left foot, and although most of the pressure came down Grealish and Silva's side, Mahrez offered a refreshing outlet when City looked to catch United off guard. And that's exaclty how he scored his first, as he was found on the edge of the box from a corner before he swept his effort beautifully into the bottom-left corner. He then broke through in stoppage time to gas United were slumped, and fired his effort into the top corner after being played onside by Alex Telles.  Phil Foden: 7 Phil Foden has a special ability to remain cool, calm and collected even in the biggest games, and his cheeky flick helped create City's second goal. It was a brilliant piece of improvisation that many wouldn't have even thought of, let alone execute it. He's the best central option City have, and his versatility is a blessing for Pep Guardiola.  Jack Grealish: 7 It was one of Grealish's best performances in a City shirt, and he was a surprise name on Guardiola's team sheet. But the £100million man was clearly told to go and justify the Premier League record price-tag, and he certainly impressed. It was his clever pass that allowed Silva the space to set up De Bruyne, and his determined attitude saw him win back the ball on multiple occasions.  Ilkay Gundogan: 6 Came on for man-of-the-match De Bruyne with ten minutes to play and was as solid as expected while the Belgian came off for a well-earned rest.