Mark Labbett couldn't contain his excitement as the quizzer announced he will back on primetime television across the pond. It comes weeks after The Chase star announced he had been axed from the US version of the quiz programme. Mark, otherwise known as The Beast, has reunited with his former co-star Brooke Burns for the latest series of Master Minds. The duo previously worked together on the US version of The Chase. Taking to Instagram today, Mark, 56, made the announcement, in view of his 30,000 followers. He uploaded a picture of the two pals and wrote: "The dream team is back but on a different show this time. So thrilled to be back with the superstar that is #brookeburns #gsn." READ MORE: Bruce Willis' stunt double spotted change in star amid brain condition The quizmaster was inundated with comments, as social media user, ldydth72 replied: "I enjoy the chemistry between you two. Cannot wait to see your new show." the_dreadpirateroberts gushed: "Congrats on the show and on your weight loss journey." ec4gaming added: "Hope you return to the Chase in the future on ABC." Mark also took to Twitter and shared the big news, in view of his 158,000 followers.  The Chase star retweeted a message from Game Show Network, which read: "The dream team is back together again! Later this year, @brookeburns and @marklabbett will reunite for the newest season of Master Minds." Mark replied: "I cannot tell you much I am looking forward to working with you guys again." Brooke also reacted, writing: "Whoop whoop." Master Minds is an American game show which airs on the Game Show Network in the US. DON'T MISS... Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore[LATEST]Kate Garraway 'closes husband Derek's company amid huge Covid losses[ADMISSION]The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing[TRIBUTES] Three challengers take on some of the greatest minds in trivia in this exciting showdown of smarts and strategy, leaving the last contestant standing. The news comes after ABC announced that three new faces will join The Chase US as two familiar faces departed the programme. Ken Jennings and Mark stepped down as Chasers, making way for Victoria Groce, speed-quiz titan Brandon 'The Lightning Bolt' Blackwell and Jeopardy! vet Buzzy Cohen, who joined returning Chasers Brad Rutter and James Holzhauer for the new season. Since the news of Mark's exit, fans have been calling for his return to the popular quiz programme. Twitter user, Kevin Richards quizzed: "@GameShowNetwork So when do you all think #TheChase will return with new episodes? I really hope that @BrookeBurns and @MarkLabbett actually respond to this, ASAP. #BringTheChaseBack." Mark took the opportunity to reply, saying: "Abc have the rights for the Chase now so we will make Master Minds." Master Minds is expected to return to US viewers' screens later this year. The Chase airs weekdays on ITV at 5pm. 