The Deputy Prime Minister has insisted that Putin's threats to use nuclear warheads in Ukraine is a distraction from his invasion failure. Speaking to Sky's Trevor Phillips on Sunday, Mr Raab said: "I think the debate and the rhetoric around [nuclear] is just that. Sanctions are not an act of war, international law is very clear about that. "Our sanctions are entirely both legally justified but also proportionate of what we're trying to deal with. "What it does show you is that this has not been the cake walk Putin expected and it's not just us hearing that message, it's Russian people and those Russian conscripts who were told they were peacekeepers in Ukraine who are finding fearsome resistence from the Ukrainians. "This was not what their Commander and Chief had promised them." Mr Phillips added: "He has said this morning that Ukraine is developing a dirty nuclear bomb. No evidence for that whatsoever but could that be an escalation on his to the use of what are called battlefield nuclear weapons?" READ MORE: Spiralling out of control! Sturgeon ordered to get grip The minister continued: "I think it's rhetoric and brinkmanship. "He has track records as long as his arm of misinformation and propaganda and this is a distraction from the real issues at hand which is that it's an illegal invasion and it's not going according to plan." Mr Raab added Russian troops were taking a morale hit. He said economic sanctions had "put the squeeze on Putin" and therefore "what he's now doing is responding with evermore brutal tactics". "I think the bottom line is none of the major cities have yet fallen," he said. "I think we ought to be under no doubt that our mission with our allies is to ensure Putin fails in Ukraine, and it's going to take some time. "We're talking about months, if not years, and therefore we will have to show some strategic stamina because this is not going to be over in days." DON'T MISS Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [INSIGHT]'Russia deterring us' Biden fallen to Putin intimidation [VIDEO]Ultra-remainers FURIOUS Britain confronting Putin [ANALYSIS] It comes as the number of refugees fleeing Ukraine was expected to reach 1.5 million on Sunday as Russia's attack continued for an 11th day and Ukraine pressed for further Western help, including more sanctions and weapons. Moscow and Kyiv traded blame over a failed ceasefire on Saturday that would have let civilians flee Mariupol and Volnovakha, two southern cities besieged by Russian forces. Ukrainians who could escape spilled into neighbouring Poland, Romania, Slovakia and elsewhere. Ukrainian negotiators said a third round of talks with Russia on a ceasefire would go ahead on Monday, although Moscow was less definitive. In a televised address on Saturday night, Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy called on people in areas occupied by Russian troops to fight.