Antiques Road Trip has been replaced on the BBC One schedule with a new quiz show filling its usual slot. The quiz show, named Bridge of Lies, is being fronted by former EastEnders star Ross Kemp. The show will be airing at 4.30pm every weekday in place of the long-running antiques programme. The game show Bridge of Lies will be running for the next 25 days on BBC One. For the programme, contestants have to face a bridge where they choose who takes on each crossing depending on the question category. Each crossing has 32 potential steps including 22 truths and 10 lies. Players must cross the bridge by stepping on the truths and avoiding the lies, earning cash for each correct answer. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour However, if they step on a lie, the bridge will halve their money. If they step on three lies they will be kicked out of the game. Once each contestant has faced the bridge alone, those who have been successful will join forces to face the final crossing for a chance to take home the money. The contestants on the first episode include Anita, Rajan, Bobby and Sanj.  It will be the first time Ross, 57, who has presented a range of critically acclaimed documentaries, has hosted a quiz programme. Ahead of the show airing, the former soap actor Ross told the BBC what makes Bridge of Lies stand out from other quiz shows. He exclaimed: "Firstly, it’s very physical. The contestants are not just standing behind a podium answering questions; they have to physically make their way across the bridge, and that’s no easy feat. "We also get to watch contestants reacting to how their fellow team members play the game. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip’s Raj Bisram staggered by £2 plate’s profit [VIDEO]Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit [MUST SEE]Antiques Road Trip's Charles Hanson's tea sign makes huge profit [LATEST] "We see inside the various group dynamics and get an insight into how these people interact with each other. It can all get a little bit soapy actually. "You don’t have to be a massive quizzer to get into it – it’s as much about following the journey of the contestants as it is about knowing or not knowing the answers." The programme will air now the final episode of series 24 of Antiques Road Trip has been broadcast.  Prior to the final episode airing, the show tweeted on March 11: "We're down to the last episode for our experts @DavidHarperTV and @RooIrvine Who are you rooting for? Are you #TeamRoo or #TeamDavid?" Antiques expert Roo Irvine also took to Twitter to remind viewers to tune into the episode. She penned: "Oh it was a year to remember! For more reasons than one! Tune in for the final Hurrah on our @AntiqueRoadTrip today at 4.30pm! The AC Cobra is warming up, hop in- let's take you for a spin!" Bridge of Lies begins on BBC One and iPlayer at 4.30pm on Monday 14 March. 