Daily Express Royal Correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the public's concerns of the Queen's health as she has been forced to tone down her engagements. Mr Palmer said the monarch was sticking to the vow she made when she was 21-years-old that her life would be dedicated to service. But he recalled there was a royal precedent set by Queen Victoria who skipped on the state opening of parliament and said he brought it up with palace staff who were unaware what the rules were. Speaking on Express.co.uk’s Royal Round-Up, presenter Pandora Forsyth read out messages from the audience about the Royal Family. She read one message which urged the Queen to “rest” and allow Prince Charles to take on more responsibility. Mr Palmer reflected on the comment and said: “While she is able to mentally do the job and physically some of the job… “I think most people will think she should continue. WATCH THE SECOND EPISODE OF THE DAILY EXPRESS' ROYAL ROUNDUP IN FULL HERE “But I do feel sorry for her sometimes, we always emphasise the positives of this Queen vow to carry on. “I do wonder if she sometimes thinks ‘why don’t the papers just say I should retire’... “That’s a bit of a joke but I think she really is there for life unless she is mentally incapable and there is no sign of that.” Mr Palmer said there would be “concerns” if the Queen was not able to attend further royal occasions like the state opening of Parliament.  But he remembered what Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty Magazine, said about Queen Victoria and her health issues. He added: “[He tells me] Queen Victoria really didn’t attend state opening of parliament for many many years after the death of Prince Albert… “So I don’t think it is necessarily a problem, I was speaking to someone at the palace about it and they weren’t really sure what the precedents were… “Nobody is saying that she can’t do it but I think it raises questions about whether she should do that.” The Queen has come under pressure to step down from her position following concerns over her health and absence from several engagements.   The monarch was forced to pull out of her appearance at Cop26 under doctors’ orders and also missed out on Commonwealth Day celebrations at Westminster Abbey this week. Royal experts believe the Queen’s vow, made in 1947 on her 21st birthday, has a big part to play in her service. Towards the end of her Commonwealth speech, she said: “I declare before you all that my whole life whether it be long or short shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong. “But I shall not have the strength to carry out this resolution alone unless you join in it with me, as I now invite you to do. “I know that your support will be unfailingly given. God help me to make good my vow, and God bless all of you who are willing to share in it.” Mr Palmer later added the monarch was not “set up” for an extremely old monarch and had very few plans to resolve the issue. Counsellors of State have been appointed to step in for the Queen if she is incapacitated but four of the six positions are untenable. Currently, Prince William and Prince Charles are the only Royal Family members who could carry out the duties. Prince Harry, Prince Andrew, the Queen Mother and Prince Phillip are the other Counsellors of State but, for their own reasons, are unable to stand in. 