Jill, James, Malcolm and Kat all worked together to take on Shaun "The Dark Destroyer" Wallace for a life-changing sum of money. During the episode which aired once more on Wednesday, Kat prompted her fellow players to go for the higher offer throughout as she told them they were "only here once". However, when it came to her turn, she decided to take a minus offer which left James fuming with her decision. Up first to take on Shaun was Jill, who managed to make an impressive start by building £5,000 for the team. When facing the Chaser, he offered her a low offer of £500 and a higher offer of £20,000, to which she said her partner Alison would be fuming if she took the lower offer. After talking to the team, she decided to take the £5,000 she had built as a base start for the team to take through to the Final Chase. However, for Jill, her time on the show ended fairly soon as she was caught by Shaun just one from home. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Up next was James, who only built £3,000 in the cash-builder but was confident he could do better at the table against Shaun. He was offered £300 for his low offer and £30,000 for his higher offer to which Kat encouraged: "You're a great player, take the three and get back." Taking his co-star's advice, James decided to go for the £3,000 and ended up flying through the round and made it back for the Final Chase. The third contestant to take on Shaun was Malcolm, who also built £3,000 in his cash-builder around and was tempted to take the higher offer of £37,000. When speaking to his team members, Kat said: "You're only here once Malcolm, 37 you can do it!" James said: "I bottled the higher offer, but I think you have got a bit more to offer than me, but I think all three of us have a wide set of knowledge." Like James, Malcolm flew through the round and could have had two chances at the £37,000 if he had decided to risk it. Finally, it was time for Kat to have a go, and she only built £2,000 in her cash-builder round and was offered minus £1,000 and £50,000. DON'T MISS...The Chase viewers in uproar as they blast 'annoying' repeat episodes [INSIGHT]Bradley Walsh stumbles as The Chase player makes Tony Blair mix-up [LATEST]Bradley Walsh hits out at The Chase contestant 'I was petrified!' [WATCH] Malcolm advised her: "You are going to know things that we don't know, it is going to be either minus one, or if you really want to 54, I wouldn't even think about the two." Fuming at his co-star's advice, James said: "It has hurt me that he has seconded a possible minus, but he is right that you would have the knowledge we don't have, so I would stick with the two." Kat ended up going for the minus offer and left a frosty atmosphere between herself and James. She successfully beat Shaun and awkwardly made her way back to the table where Bradley said: "James' face, off the Christmas card list!" Viewers of the show picked up on how angry James was at Kat's decision and took to Twitter to express their sorrow for him. @Scotthopper1 said: "James is LIVID! Don't blame him #thechase." @_mandakate_ commented: "James is absolutely fuming I’m HOWLIN." Richard Armstrong added: "James' face is a b****y picture! He's going to kill her!! #thechase." @EMB11FAN laughed: "James if f*****g raging LOL #TheChase." (sic) The team, unfortunately, didn't take home any of the money they played for as Shaun caught up to their 13 steps with just 24 seconds to spare, despite three successful pushbacks. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.