Vladimir Putin has been warned attempts to bend the will of the Ukrainian population will fail as they will continue to fight back against Russia's attempts to take over. Ukraine's armed forces and civilians have led a fierce resistance against Moscow, delivering a hard blow to Putin's plans for a quick conflict. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gover said the signs suggest Russia will not secure any victory in Ukraine as he suggested Russian citizens may soon see their leader for who he really is. Speaking to the BBC's Sunday Morning programme, Mr Gove said: "We know Ukrainian armed forces and Ukrainian civil society are standing strong and fighting back. There is an attempt, obviously, by Putin to break the will of the Ukrainian people. That will not happen. "And one of the things we know is that Russia has already lost this war politically and militarily, there is no happy outcome for Russia. "Earlier this week we heard a Russian pilot whose plane had been downed by Ukrainian air forces explain he regarded himself as a war criminal for what he was doing." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He added: "He [the soldier] appealed to other Russian soldiers not to carry on this conflict. "We know there is still some way to go because of the grim vice Putin has over his people and his armed forces but we need to be strong and patient." The Conservative frontbencher also revealed he is looking into welcoming a Ukrainian refugee as part of the British Government's new welcoming scheme. He told Sophie Raworth: "I'm exploring what I can do, I know that there are others who have. Without going into my personal circumstances, there are a couple of things I need to sort out - but yes." READ MORE: Ukraine: City of Volnovakha ‘no longer exists’ as Putin unleashes ‘war of annihilation Mr Gove said there are potentially "hundreds of thousands of people" in the UK willing to take Ukrainians into their homes through the Government's new sponsorship scheme. The comments on the new scheme come as reports emerge of Russia launching an attack on a military base near Ukraine's border with Poland. A Ukrainian official said the strike on Sunday killed 35 people and wounded 134. The official said foreign military instructors previously worked at the base but NATO confirmed no personnel was present at the base at the time of the attack. DON'T MISSPutin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [REVEAL]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky  [SPOTLIGHT]Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' [INSIGHT] Poland has been at the forefront of welcoming Ukrainian refugees being forced to flee because of Russia's invasion. The 360 square-km (140 square-mile) facility less than 25 km (15 miles) from the Polish border, is one of Ukraine's biggest and the largest in the western part of the country. Moscow did not immediately reply to a request for comment on the reported missile strike so close to the border with NATO, and a short video briefing by Russia's defence ministry spokesman on Sunday made no mention of such an attack. Ukraine's Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said in an online post: "Russia has attacked the International Center for Peacekeeping & Security near Lviv. "Foreign instructors work here. Information about the victims is being clarified."