Following its move from CBS to Paramount+, SEAL Team remains one of the USA’s most popular military dramas. With season six and a feature-length movie in the works, there’s plenty of action still ahead for the likes of Jason Hayes (played by David Boreanaz), Ray Perry (Neil Brown Jr), Clay Spenser (Max Thieriot) and the rest of Bravo. And now, lead star Boreanaz has confirmed the wheels are well in truly in motion to get new episodes on screens. Boreanaz took to Instagram on Monday, March 28 to confirm he’d return to the set to get SEAL Team season six underway. The actor took a snap of the SEAL Team lot on a rather wet and rainy day to mark the first day back. He captioned the snap: “Back in the mix and to the grind. @sealteam_pplus @paramountplus And he even accompanied the update with the Foo Fighters’ hit, Everlong. READ MORE: NCIS' Jimmy Palmer star admits he found Breena's off-screen death hard It didn’t take long for SEAL Team fans to pick up on the newest update and flood social media with their excitable reactions - and even one or two theories with what’s to come. “Season six. Let's get it! #SEALTeam,” @SEALTeamBrigade tweeted while @Jickz7 echoed: “Excitement overloaded.” And @JHayesBravo1 weighed in: “Omg, are they back to pre-production?! Be a while for filming tho...but still!!!! #SEALteam (thanks David!! IG)” Adding to the reaction with their own theories, there was one couple many fans now want to see with production underway. Twitter user @MelBear26 suggested: “More Mandy & Jason. Also more of Blackburn especially with the team. Also Mandy back at the CIA working with the team again.” And @jaszy21 echoed the desire for Mandy Ellis (Jessica Pare) to make a comeback, adding: “First, more #jandy then I want some more cool ops. Want to see sonny maybe develop a little more. “Wanna see Jason’s journey with TBI in depth & have support with Emma & Mandy. Jason get a new place lol. Ray/naima start that foundation. So much more!!” While @BravoObsessed6 tipped: ”I would like to see more of Sonny’s potential shown. A more positive storyline for him in general. Enough of Saint Clay, give us regular Clay please. DON'T MISS:Bridgerton almost ditched Whistledown twist as bosses 'weren't sure'Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-starNCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role “Tired of seeing Jason and Sonny constantly getting the worst of everything. Would like to see Sonny end up with Davis or Hannah,” they concluded. Whatever happens in season six, there are clearly a number of loose ends fans want to see tied up. And given the emotional reunion between Jason and Mandy in the season five finale, their story looks far from over. In it, Jason, with Sonny’s (AJ Buckley) words ringing in his ears, managed to track down Mandy to put everything out in the open. He outlined his desire for a future with Mandy who warmed the hearts of viewers by agreeing with the SEAL Team stalwart. “I’m not going anywhere,” she told Jason who could barely hide his glee before replying: “That works for me.” Jason’s mending of bridges also continued with his final interaction with daughter Emma (Kerri Medders), buying her and her new man housewarming gifts. However, SEAL Team is no stranger to pulling the rug from under fans’ feet - so will there really be a happy storyline ahead for Jason? SEAL Team seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA now. Season 5 continues Wednesdays at 9pm on Sky Max and NOW.