Ukraine tennis star Sergiy Stakhovsky has revealed he has taken up arms after returning to his homeland in the wake of Russia’s invasion. Stakhovsky, who famously beat Roger Federer at Wimbledon in 2013, retired from tennis after playing at January’s Australian Open. Russia’s egregious assault on their neighbouring country is in its second week after president Vladimir Putin took the deadly decision to shatter peace in Europe last month. Thousands of Ukrainians have already been killed and the humanitarian crisis is proliferating by the day as supplies of food, water, heat and medicine grow scarce. An estimated 1.7million Ukrainians have now fled the country as major cities and regions including Kyiv, Kharkiv and Mariupol continue to come under fire. And Stakhovsky has admitted he had little option other to help his compatriots as he spoke to GB News presenter Mark Dolan. “We have four to seven times a day airstrike alarms so we need to go down,” Stakhovsky said. “Some of those alarms we ignore, even though we shouldn’t. READ MORE: Williams claims she'd 'be in jail' if she raged at umpire like Zverev   “I do have a weapon - I’ll stand my ground by any means necessary. “I still have family here as well. My brother and my father are with my grandmother who couldn’t leave, so I came to see them as well. “There is no right choice in my situation. If I stayed home I would feel guilt because I left my father and my brother behind.” Stakhovsky left his wife and family to return to Ukraine and he stated during an interview with BBC Radio 4’s Today programme last week that he couldn’t tell his children about his true intentions. DON'T MISS ATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted' Zverev 'should face six-month ban' as authorities urged to take action Zverev returns in Davis Cup U-turn amid investigation for tantrum   And he admitted he felt “horrible” about parting with his wife and children. “I think nobody should ever have that option at all,” he said. “It’s very hard for me to say how I did it - I’m still not sure actually how I did it. “I know that it is extremely hard on my wife. My kids don’t know that I’m here - they don’t understand war. They are too little to understand what's going on. “[They think] maybe I am at another tennis tournament. I don’t know if my wife’s told them - but I told them I’d be right back.”   Earlier this week, Stakhovsky also revealed Whatsapp messages which had been sent from Novak Djokovic as the Serbian offered to send money to help Ukraine. “Stako, how are you man,” read the message. “Are you on the field? Think of you, hoping all calms down soon. “Please let me know what would be the best address to send help, financial help, any other help as well.” 