Arsenal winger Nicolas Pepe has not started a Premier League match since last October but Mikel Arteta must find a way to get him into the team more regularly. Pepe scored the crucial equaliser in last Thursday's late 2-1 win over Wolves at the Emirates. He showed his calmness and composure in the box, turning and firing past goalkeeper Jose Sa. Pepe remains Arsenal's record signing after joining from Lille for £72million in 2019. However, he has never been able to fully adhere himself with the club's supporters. But many believe Pepe is the best finisher Arteta has and that was clear with the social media reaction following the Wolves win. Arteta says Pepe has returned a "different player" from the Africa Cup of Nations. JUST IN: Man Utd given handy chance to land striker as good as Harry Kane for much cheaper fee  He scored two goals and registered an assist despite the Ivory Coast not making it past the round of 16. At 26, Pepe is one of the more senior members of the Arsenal squad. But getting a place ahead of a bunch of exciting youngsters has been a tough task for him. Express Sport looks at three ways Arsenal could line up with Pepe in the team. DON'T MISSJesse Marsch's honest RB Leipzig admission will worry Leeds amid relegation dogfight [QUOTES]Man Utd are confident about signing another Angel Di Maria and Paul Pogba [REPORT]Mo Salah spotted laughing at Kepa as Liverpool beat Chelsea in Carabao Cup final shoot-out [REACTION]  Emile Smith Rowe is Arsenal's leading goalscorer this season with 10 goals to his name in all competitions but has not been a regular starter in the last two months. Gabriel Martinelli has taken his place on the left of the front three. However, Martinelli's goals have dried up of late and Pepe could steal his spot. Bukayo Saka would likely switch to the left-hand side, with Pepe operating off the right. Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Xhaka; Pepe, Odegaard, Saka; Lacazette  Pepe played as a second striker at times during his spell with Lille. With Alexandre Lacazette not firing in front of goal, and not many alternatives up top, Arteta could use him as a false No 9. He has the pace and attacking movement of a forward, though may lack the hold-up play of a natural central striker. This would enable Arteta to get either Smith Rowe or Martinelli into the side as well as Pepe. Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Xhaka; Saka, Odegaard, Smith Rowe; Pepe  Arteta could get all his young players, and Pepe, into the same team. He would have to drop one of Granit Xhaka or Thomas Partey in the midfield though. Martin Odegaard has played slightly deeper at times, allowing Smith Rowe to play in the No 10 position. Martinelli has also been practicing playing as a No 9 in training, meaning Saka and Pepe could take up the wide positions. Ramsdale; Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Odegaard; Pepe, Smith Rowe, Saka; Martinelli 