Scotland Yard has contacted the Cabinet Office to inform Government officials it is set to issue the first set of fixed penalty notices to around 20 people after they conducted an investigation into a dozen lockdown-breaching events held in Downing Street. The police inquiry, which is called 'Operation Hillman', has looked into at least three gatherings where Boris Johnson was known to have been in attendance.  However, it is understood staff members who are expected to face the first set of fines are those who have not contested allegations they broke the rules. Mr Johnson, who has claimed he did not break the rules and considered the events as work-related, is not thought to be among those facing a fine at this moment in time. However, the Prime Minister was among the 100 people who had been sent questionnaires by the Metropolitan Police. His wife Carrie, Cabinet Secretary Simon Case and teetotal Chancellor Rishi Sunak also filled out the survey. Scotland Yard's investigation picked up the pace last week after key witnesses were interviewed by the force. JUST IN: Keir Starmer hits out at William - Prince 'could have gone further' with slavery comments The Met has also said it has obtained more than 300 pages and 500 pages of documents related to 'partygate'. The force's investigation comes after a Whitehall inquiry was conducted by senior civil servant Sue Gray. Ms Gray's initial findings criticised "failures of leadership and judgement" over the gatherings. An updated version of the civil servant's report is expected to be published in full once the police have concluded their investigation. 'Partygate' posed a major threat to Mr Johnson's premiership after one of his loyalist allies Andrew Bridgen joined a group of MPs, known as the 'Pork Pie Plotters', who hoped to oust the Prime Minister from Number 10. READ MORE: Keir Starmer ‘rankled’ with Boris Johnson after pledging to ‘remove’ PM from office The British public also punished the Prime Minister for his alleged involvement in 'partygate'. Following initial reports, which came shortly after North Shropshire MP Owen Paterson was found to have broken lobbying rules, the Conservatives lost the Brexit-backing safe seat to the Liberal Democrats on a swing of 34 percent. Opinion polls also suggested Mr Johnson's party had lost significant swathes of support as a consequence of 'partygate'. The Tories, who had been leading in the polls for a majority of 2021, found themselves as much as 14 points behind Sir Keir Starmer's Labour Party in January 2022. However, since the outbreak of war in Ukraine, the Conservative Party witnessed a boost in the polls. DON'T MISS:Keir Starmer hits out at William for royal tour -blasts 'odd decision' [INSIGHT]New council tax cut on way for millions - Rebate ‘right thing to do’ [REVEALED]Brexit LIVE: Furious row over eating INSECTS [LIVE] In the most recent Kantar Public survey, Labour's lead over the Tories had been wiped out as both parties polled on 36 percent of the vote. However, the Metropolitan Police's investigation threatens to re-open Tory wounds over the matter. Speaking to Express.co.uk following the release of the Gray report, one Conservative MP said: "'It is not possible at present to provide a meaningful report' means we just have to wait for the Met." However, Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross, who had piled the pressure on the Prime Minister, has confirmed he withdrew his letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson from 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady amid concerns about events in Ukraine. Conservative co-chairman Oliver Dowden also told LBC last week Mr Johnson remains "confident" he did not break the law. However, the Times reports the Prime Minister believes he has not done anything wrong and has told allies he will not resign even if he receives a fixed penalty notice.