The Danish royal is one of many guests expected to join the Queen to pay their tributes to the late Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Philip passed away in April 2021, three years into his retirement from official duties. His funeral was held during the UK's third lockdown and the timing of the funeral meant Covid restrictions were applied and attendee numbers were limited. GB News' royal reporter Cameron Walker spoke live yesterday to the Daily Express Royal Round-Up with host Pandora Forsyth about the memorial's possible attendees. Mr Walker said: "Prince Philip did have a big contribution to public life. "In fact, throughout his life, 700 charitable organisations that he was associated with. He added "We do expect the Royal Family to attend and also his extended family. "Members of the foreign royal family are expected to attend. READ MORE: Kate and William cause royal fans to gush as couple meet Bahamian PM on last leg of tour "These members include King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain, the Dutch Royal Family, and of course Her Majesty's relative Queen Margrethe II of Demark." Mr Walker continued: "We are expecting representatives from the UK Government, Government ministers, to attend and 500 representatives of the Duke of Edinburgh's patronages and charities" The officials from these charities and patronages will be in attendance "as tribute to those who continue his legacy and continue his work". Also discussed were Prince Harry and Meghan Markle and whether they will be travelling over from the US to pay tribute to Prince Harry's grandfather. The GB News royal correspondent confirmed, via a spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex, that the couple would not be in attendance. He said: "No, is the short answer. READ MORE: Fergie branded 'disaster of a royal' as Prince Andrew's ex-wife to be left out of Crown Queen Margrethe II of Denmark, who is expected to attend, is the third cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. Both the Queen and Queen Margrethe descend from two powerful historical royal figures, Queen Victoria and King Christian IX of Denmark. Aside from Her Majesty, Queen Margrethe is also a relative of the late Prince Philip. The two share ancestry through Queen Victoria and King Christian IX of Denmark. To mark Prince Philip's funeral and as a tribute to him, Queen Margrethe ordered the royal flag at Amalienborg Castle to be flown at half-mast. Queen Margrethe acceded Denmark's throne in 1972 and is still a prominent figure in Denmark. She celebrated her Golden Jubilee back in January, the same year Queen Elizabeth II honours her Platinum Jubilee. Both are the only two Queen regnant in Europe. Queen Margrethe still regularly completes royal engagements and attends public events.