The French President appears to have communicated with his Russian counterpart more than any other Western leader since the invasion of Ukraine began just over a month ago. Roger Cohen from the New York Times puts the number at 42 calls and three meetings with both Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky since December. He notes the impact of these “remains to be seen”. Others have been far more critical, in some cases going so far as to brand Mr Macron an “appeaser” to the Russian leader. After world leaders discuss the latest developments in Ukraine today, March 29, the French President is set to engage in yet another call with Putin. Bella Wallersteiner, an occasional contributor to Conservative Home, mocked Mr Macron in a post on Twitter, suggesting he was more interested in re-election than in peace. She wrote: “Macron the appeaser is going to call Putin again to ask him to stop the war. All Macron cares about is the election. “He is nothing more than Putin’s poodle. More Chamberlain than Churchill.” Illia Ponomarenko from the Kyiv Independent also dismissed the objective of “[asking] him [Putin] to stop the war”. He asked in a post on Twitter: “Are you guys impressed with his outstanding peace-enforcing effort and his leadership against the biggest aggression in Europe since WWII? Ready to vote for him again?” Henning Kulbarsch responded that these had grasped the wrong end of the stick regarding Mr Macron’s objectives, which appear more detailed than simply “ending the war”. READ MORE: Putin rubbing hands as 'scared Europe losing financial war' They wrote: “Sorry, but you are wrong on Macron's aims. He and [German Chancellor Olaf] Scholz call Putin – with the appreciation of Joe Biden, Mr Zelensky and others – not primarily to ‘ask peace’ of him, but to penetrate his propaganda bubble with real information regarding the state of the battle.” Others highlighted those close to Putin are too frightened to relay the true facts of the war, thus giving a sense of purpose to engaging closely with the Kremlin from the outside. @MyLifeInMyHead added that while talks may seem “futile” now, they may, in the long term, bear fruit and should not be abandoned due to early failures. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] They wrote: “There is value in talking – it's the only way this will eventually end after all. “It might seem futile or worse, but I'm sure there is useful intelligence coming out of it.” A user called Pat added: “As much as I dislike Macron and I think what he is doing is pretty much useless, I still think it is necessary. “It might pay off at some point, and if it doesn't, it might prevent an escalation. Who knows?” Mr Macron himself recently stressed he was engaging with Putin on Mr Zelensky’s request, and was working in particular to arrange peace corridors for civilians to leave embattled areas safely. Mariupol, a city in southeastern Ukraine, is a notable example of this, about which French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told the Doha Forum over the weekend: “There needs to be at least one moment when the civilian population can breathe.”