Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey had his Ghanaian team-mates in tears during international duty when he met an uncanny doppelganger. Ghana are fighting for their place at the 2022 Qatar World Cup but spirits are blatantly high in the camp after a hilarious video emerged on social media on Saturday. St. Pauli and Ghana forward Daniel-Kofi Kyereh took to his Instagram this weekend with a video of Partey meeting a lookalike in an Arsenal shirt. Kyereh later shared a picture of the pair with the caption: 'Thomas Partey and Thomas After Partey' accompanied by laughing emojis. Behind the camera, you can hear Kyereh and several others in hysterics as Partey came face to face with his lookalike. The video showcased the current mood in the Ghana camp amid their battle to qualify for the World Cup later this year. Ghana finished their CAF qualification Group G level on 13 points with South Africa but progressed to the play-offs as winners due to scoring seven goals compared to their rivals' six. However, despite edging through the group, their World Cup status isn't confirmed yet. Ghana are in the middle of a hotly-contested play-off against 32nd-FIFA ranked Nigeria, drawing their home leg 0-0 on Friday, with the deciding tie taking place in Abuja in two days. JUST IN: Everton make Calvert-Lewin transfer call with Arsenal lurking  The 2022 World Cup will be staged in the winter, getting underway in the Middle East on November 21 and running through to December 18. There are already 19 qualified teams for the tournament, and five African nations will join the field next week. Whilst Ghana and Nigeria's tie is hanging in the balance, Tunisia beat Mali, Algeria beat Cameroon, and Egypt gained AFCON final redemption over Senegal, all winning their respective play-off first legs 1-0. DR Congo and Morocco are at a 0-0 stalemate ahead of a crunch clash on Tuesday. READ MORE: Mason Mount claims Chelsea players 'in the dark' over takeover saga  Partey will hope to help guide his nation to another World Cup before returning to Arsenal, where a critical final two months of the season awaits. The Gunners are in the middle of a fierce battle to return to Champions League football, challenging Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur for fourth in the Premier League. Partey is yet to play in the Champions League for Arsenal since his £45million move from Atletico Madrid in 2020. But the 28-year-old has showcased his best form since arriving in north London this season, forming a thriving midfield partnership with Granit Xhaka. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.