The ‘Real Britain’ host questioned whether British production needed to be “bolstered” in the wake of supply chain disruptions from China during the pandemic and a potential energy crisis as a result of the Ukraine invasion. This comes as Brexiteers face more frustration as the triggering of Article 16 may be delayed due to the fraught situation in Europe. Mr Grimes tweeted: “We found out during the pandemic that we’re much too reliant upon Chinese supply chains. “We’re now finding out that we’re much too dependent on others for our energy needs and even our food supply. “Is it time that we look to bolster Britain’s supply of such things?” He followed this tweet with another suggestion on the social media platform about how Britain could create its own energy.  He wrote: “Our economy is set to be hobbled by the extraordinary increase in the price of gas. “We need to get frack on track. “Frack to the future. “Or fracking hell, are we in for one hell of a ride.”  READ MORE: EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel Energy bills are already set to soar from April due to the increase of the energy price cap. There are now fears that the Russian invasion of Ukraine will threaten the European energy supply from Russia and lead to a further increase in prices. The EU currently imports around 45 percent of its gas from Russia, while the UK only receives around 3 percent. Half of our gas comes from the North Sea and around a third is imported from Norway, according to The i. DON'T MISS:SNP dealt independence blow as poll suggests stalemate [LATEST]Fury as hated Brexit deal limits kosher imports [REVEAL]Brexit Britain win as £26 million facility to bring back steel [ANALYSIS]  However the close connections between the UK markets and European ones mean that any price increase over there could still affect us significantly. European natural gas analyst Leon Izbicki from Energy Aspects told Reuters: “The price move today is not based on fundamental changes to the European gas balances. “The main driver behind the sharp rise in the TTF (Title Transfer Facility) is a perceived increase in the risk of European sanctions targeting Russian energy exports.” The Title Transfer Facility is a Dutch virtual trading point for natural gas. 