England cruised to a comprehensive 3-0 win over the Ivory Coast on Tuesday night at Wembley to wrap up the final international break of the season. Ollie Watkins, Raheem Sterling and Tyrone Mings bagged the goals for Gareth Southgate's side, who finished the match playing against 10 men after Serge Aurier was dismissed for the visitors. Watkins stabbed England into the lead in the 30th minute before Sterling doubled the hosts' advantage on the stroke of half-time with a close-range finish after some slick work from Watkins and Jack Grealish in the build-up. England saw a penalty shout overturned by VAR minutes after the interval and had chances to extend their lead before Mings headed in a last-gasp goal to add some glosse to the scoreline. Express Sport takes a look at five things that we learned on another comfortable night for the Three Lions at Wembley. England boss Southgate opted to shuffle his pack for another midweek night under the Arch; but few stood out more than Jude Bellingham. The teenage prodigy oozed class in midfield - both on and off the ball - and he even came agonisingly close to breaking the deadlock himself after a silky one-two with Sterling midway through the first half. The post may have denied Bellingham his first Three Lions goal, but it's looking more and more likely that nothing will thwart the Borussia Dortmund star in his bid to gatecrash England's World Cup squad. And based on this evidence, it's hard to see how Southgate would be able to justify leaving Bellingham out of his starting line-up in Qatar. READ MORE: Ten Hag ‘wants Man Utd answer as soon as possible' in new twist One thing that is certain ahead of Qatar, is that Harry Kane will be leading the line for England. But beyond Kane, things are far from concrete. With a plethora of attacking talent - including the likes of Tammy Abraham and Dominic Calvert-Lewin - vying to be Kane's understudy, it was important for Watkins to make the most of his first start for England. And the Aston Villa star certainly did his utmost to give Southgate food for thought ahead of November's big kick-off. Watkins was in the right place at the right time to prod England into the lead and made the most of his chance to play himself into contention for that striking understudy role - but it's still very much up for grabs. DON'T MISSMan Utd handed Lewandowski boost as Barcelona 'reservations' emergeMan Utd star Shaw branded 'smug' after aiming dig at Red DevilsFerdinand aims dig at Glazers by calling for Man Utd to hire Tuchel While Grealish has struggled for form at Manchester City since his record-breaking £100m move, he put his domestic woes behind him at Wembley with a dazzling display. The 26-year-old showed acute awareness to deftly tee up Sterling for England's second goal, and he twisted Aurier inside out before he was given his marching orders in a tantalising first half show. Even before his mega-money move to Manchester, Grealish was billed as England's poster boy ahead of Euro 2020 - but he's often flattered to deceive for his country. Grealish finally took centre stage on Tuesday night; the onus is now on him to sustain that of quality in an England shirt. Tyrick Mitchell was given the chance to build on his impressive cameo against Switzerland with a starting berth against the Ivory Coast - and the Crystal Palace ace didn't disappoint. The 22-year-old kept Arsenal's £72million man, Nicolas Pepe, eerily quiet and got forward well to supplement England's attacking threat on the left-flank. In terms of competition for places in this England squad, the battle to bag a full-back spot is particularly fierce. But like Kyle Walker-Peters did on Saturday night against Switzerland, Mitchell made the most of his opportunity to give Southgate another selection headache. Southgate chose to deploy Mings and Harry Maguire for Tuesday night's clash, and while the pair were perfectly efficient and solid throughout, it felt like a missed opportunity for the Three Lions chief. Mings and Maguire are hardly strangers to Southgate - and it's hard to see just what he learned from giving them the nod ahead of others. Fikayo Tomori's omission from the squad was a glaring one; the former Chelsea star has excelled for AC Milan in Serie A this year. This round of fixtures was the perfect opportunity to take a look at players like Tomori. But instead, he wasted it by sticking with the likes of Maguire and Mings, who are both likely to be on the plane to Qatar regardless.