Tesla mogul Elon Musk and his ex-girlfriend musician Grimes have secretly welcomed their second child. The Genesis singer revealed in her Vanity Fair cover story that she and her ex-beau had welcomed a baby girl after she started crying upstairs during the interview. The duo already share son X Æ A-12, who they welcomed in May 2020. But it seems that the former couple have now added to their brood after welcoming a baby girl. The singer told how she and the Tesla founder welcomed daughter Exa Dark Sideræl Musk, who she calls Y for short. However, it was only after Vanity Fair reporter Devin Gordon heard an infant's cries that he was forced to ask the star whether she "has another baby in her life." READ MORE: Demi Rose sparks frenzy as she flaunts body in busty see-through look However, it was only after Vanity Fair reporter Devin Gordon heard an infant's cries th forced to ask the star whether she "has another baby in her life."  The writer described Grimes as "rattled" after she was confronted with the question, before she finally answered. The musician said: "I’m not at liberty to speak on these things. “Whatever is going on with family stuff, I just feel like kids need to stay out of it, and X is just out there. "I mean, I think E is really seeing him as a protégé and bringing him to everything and stuff... "X is out there. His situation is like that. But, yeah, I don’t know," she trailed off. After hearing a woman attempt to calm the infant as it started crying, Grimes admitted: "I don’t know what I was thinking," before tentatively revealing the smallest of details about her daughter. The news comes six months after Elon confirmed that he and Grimes were "semi-separated" but insisted that they were still on good terms. However, in the interview, Grimes, real name Claire Boucher, also confirmed that she refers to the Tesla mogul as her "boyfriend", in spite of him confirming their split in September 2021. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley's confrontation with angry viewer who ‘loathed' him [INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [ANALYSIS]EastEnders' Jessica Plummer forgoes underwear in daring lace-up gown [PICTURES] When asked whether she and Elon were "together", Grimes told how they are "very fluid". The couple first started dating in May 2018 and confirmed their relationship at the Met Gala that year. Two years later, they welcomed their first child together and named him X Æ A-Xii. At the end of 2020, the entrepreneur relocated to Texas after more than two decades in California and set up the Musk Foundation's headquarters in Austin. As well as having son X Æ A-Xii and daughter Exa Dark Sideræl Musk with the singer, Elon also has five other children. In 2004, the CEO had twins Griffin and Xavier Musk with his ex-wife Justine Wilson. The former couple then welcomed triplets Kai, Saxon and Damian Musk in 2006. Prior to welcoming their five children, Elon and his ex-wife had their first child Navada Alexander Musk in 2002, but he tragically died at 10 weeks old of sudden infant death syndrome.