Low humidity and friction can all create the electrical charge which causes static, leaving fabrics crackly, clingy and itchy. The sudden shock of static can be very uncomfortable no matter where you find it, but what's the best way to get rid of it? Whether it’s on your clothes, in your hair or on household furnishings, these are the best remedies to try at home. Static electricity can build up quickly in the colder months when humidity is lower and more heat is used indoors. You might notice your clothes are even more static-prone during the winter when you wash and dry your clothes using radiators, tumble dryers and heated airers. The most common causes of static are when fabrics rub together, which is why clean laundry and “hat hair” are prone to this electric charge. Luckily, static is easy to remove and even easier to prevent - but what do you need to get rid of it? READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains If you notice static on your clean clothing, there are plenty of ways to get rid of it in a matter of minutes. Silk garments can be ironed out with a metal hanger straight from your wardrobe. Lay the item flat and glide the hanger through the inside in one swift motion. As the metal slides across the silk, it discharges the electricity, which then removes the static. If you don’t have a hanger, find a different metal item to swipe over the fabric instead. Putting a pin in pockets or seams is perhaps the easiest way to combat stubborn static. Place a small metal safety pin inside the garment to prevent the conduct of electricity. Machine washable clothing and fabrics can be washed with just one cap full of fabric softener to solve your static problems. Not only will it give your items a sweet scent, but it also contains clever chemicals which are designed to prevent static in the first place. For a more natural cleanse, switch fabric softener for half a cup of white vinegar. DON'T MISS:Baking soda laundry hacks: 3 ways to use baking soda in your washing [INSIGHT]Baking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fans share 'quick and easy' hack for cleaning shower screens [ANALYSIS] Frizzy hair is something many of us try to avoid, but static can make it increasingly hard to keep under control. The combination of heat, low moisture and synthetic fibres can all contribute to static hair, but they can all be easily avoided. Retaining moisture in your hair even with frequent washing can be easily done with a few targeted treatments. Use moisturising formulas while shampooing and conditioning your hair. There are also plenty of anti-frizz hair serums which can be rubbed into your palms and glided through your hair to flatten static frizz. Alcohol and sulphates can be particularly drying on your hair, so keep an eye out for static-fuelling ingredients which will deprive your strands. Pillowcases are one of the main culprits for causing static hair, especially in the morning after a deep sleep. Before you go to bed, flip your parting to the opposite side and switch to silk bedding to avoid friction between your head and the fabric. You should also flip your parting before wearing a hat to maintain static-free locks throughout the day. When you wake up or take your hat off, simply flip your parting back to its usual position to reveal silky smooth hair. Fabrics are particularly prone to static due to friction as well as washing and drying methods. To keep your soft furnishings, bedding and furniture free from static, you should: Air dry your bedding and cushion covers after washing rather than using the heat of a tumble dryer. Fabrics on sofas and other furniture items can be spritzed rather than washed to combat static. Dilute one cup of white vinegar with three cups of water and pour into a large spray bottle. Spritz your mattress, sofa or other large items to remove static in an instant. Static furniture can occur when dry skin comes into contact with soft fabrics. Keep your skin well-moisturised to banish dryness and lock in moisture while keeping static at bay.