When announcing his intention to launch a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, Vladimir Putin warned that anyone who tries to obstruct Russia’s military action will have to reckon with “consequences never experienced in history”. He has also stoked tensions by upping the alert level of Moscow’s nuclear forces. A nuclear war quite simply refers to a conflict which involves the use of nuclear weapons. The only previous occasion that nuclear warheads have ever been used in warfare was towards the end of World War Two, when the US dropped two bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. However, since then, nuclear weapons have evolved significantly . If one were to be used today, the impacts would likely be more devastating. READ MORE: Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals  More than a fortnight ago, Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that he would be increasing Moscow’s deterrent forces - including nuclear weapons - to “special alert”. He later attempted to justify his decision through what he perceived as “aggressive statements” from western officials, including the UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss. One possible scenario which could push President Putin to use nuclear weapons could be if the West acts further in what is deemed an aggressive manner.  Further expansion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) or direct western involvement in the Ukraine war could fulfil this criteria. President Putin is a vocal critic of NATO, and has previously demanded the military alliance limit its movements within eastern Europe. Alternatively, Russia could seek justification by accusing Ukraine of looking to acquire its own nuclear arsenal. In December 1994, Kyiv became a non-nuclear weapon state, party to the 1968 Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), in return for economic aid and security assurances from world powers, including Russia.  DON'T MISS: Germany to buy nuclear fighter jets in response to Putin aggression [NEWS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT]Express readers reject Gove's £350 refugee scheme [EXPLAINED] However, since the war began, Russia has alleged that Ukraine has been seeking to acquire nuclear weapons. Moscow’s Foreign Minister, Sergei Lavrov, said: “Ukraine still has Soviet technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons. We cannot fail to respond to this real danger.” No official evidence was provided by Mr Lavrov as part of his claims, but Russia could still potentially use it as a pretext to introduce nuclear weapons to the conflict. Estimates from the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists show Moscow holds the largest stockpile of nuclear weapons in the world.   Russia is thought to own around 4,447 warheads - the devices that trigger a nuclear explosion - of which 1,588 are deployed on ballistic missiles and heavy bomber bases. According to the Federation of American Scientists, the US withholds the second largest supply - estimated to be 5,600. China, France and the UK complete the top five of this list - in that order. 