Real Madrid are planning to meet with Kylian Mbappe to thrash out a transfer in the next 10 days, according to reports. Mbappe is claimed to have rejected a mind-boggling new contract offer from Paris Saint-Germain. It looks likely the France international will join Real on a free transfer this summer. Mbappe has long held a desire to play for Real, with one of his childhood heroes being Cristiano Ronaldo. The forward's stock has continued to rise at an alarming rate in recent years. Mbappe scored in both legs of the Champions League last-16 tie against Real but PSG ultimately came up short thanks to a Karim Benzema-inspired performance at the Bernabeu on Wednesday. Real have been able to speak to Mbappe since January regarding a pre-contract agreement for the summer. JUST IN: Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to 'break the bank' to beat Man Utd to Thomas Tuchel  But, according to Duncan Castles of the Transfer Window podcast, they wanted the match against PSG out of the way first. The La Liga giants will now attempt to set up a meeting with Mbappe this month to agree a deal. Real's offer will be less than half of PSG's attempts to keep the player at the Parc des Princes. But Real are confident of securing a deal for the 23-year-old sensation. DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Dimitar Berbatov names four potential transfers to begin new era [EXCLUSIVE]Karim Benzema and Robert Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to Liverpool owners FSG [COMMENT]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]  "I understand that they will look to have a meeting with Mbappe in the next 10 days and agree the terms of a deal," Castles said. "They understand that Mbappe has rejected the offer of a two-year deal that Paris Saint-Germain have made to the player in order to keep him under Qatar employment going into the Qatar World Cup this December. "That offer was a €100million signing-on fee and a €50m-net salary for two years. "Madrid's proposal is less than half of that amount but they're confident that Mbappe will choose to join them because they can offer him the fulfilment of a dream since childhood that he's had of playing for Real Madrid, and to be the centrepiece of a team that they're redesigning, rebuilding around him with the intention of making it the best in world football."  Mbappe posted a short message on his Instagram page following the loss to Real this week. "It’s a difficult moment. The Champions League was a great objective, but we failed,” he wrote. “The season has not ended and whatever happens we will be together, and with determination until the last game of the season. “Many thanks to all the fans who helped us and who were with us on the trip.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here