Royal expert Angela Levin has argued that the Queen, who has recently recovered from a bout of Covid, "no longer looks like a power for the country." Ms Levin believes the Queen's is ongoing a "very difficult moment in her life" as the monarch attempts to pace herself amid a hectic calendar of public events around her Platinum Jubilee. Buckingham Palace announced she would not attend the Commonwealth Day service today and instead will be represented by Prince Charles. Speaking to Sky News, Ms Levin said: "We'll see how she is when it comes to the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service towards the end of the month because I can't imagine her not wanting to come to it. "But it will be very difficult to come in that way because she no longer looks like a power for the country. "Very hard for her, very difficult moment in her life.  "She still wants to prove she is the monarch and if she doesn't turn up at these places, it will be increasingly difficult for her." The Queen is set to miss the Commonwealth Day service for the first time in almost a decade. On Friday a Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. "The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead."  The Queen last missed the service nine years ago, in 2013, while recovering from a nasty bout of gastroenteritis. Before that, the Queen had not been absent from a Commonwealth Day observance service for 20 years, the last time being when she had flu in 1993. Highlights of the service at Westminster Abbey on Monday will include an address by former archbishop Lord Sentamu, a reflection by young Tongan leader Elizabeth Kite and special musical performances from Emeli Sande and Mica Paris. Organised by the Royal Commonwealth Society, the service will feature the Queen's Commonwealth Day message. DON'T MISS:Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [REVEALED]Prince Philip's brutal assessment of Joe Pasquale laid bare [INSIGHT]Key development in Prince Andrew case: ‘Taken everyone by surprise’ [EXPERT] The service would have been the Queen's first major public appearance since reaching her Platinum Jubilee milestone in February. Her decision not to attend is likely to be interpreted as a precautionary measure by royal commentators, and a practical move, rather than a new health issue. With the Queen due to celebrate her 96th birthday in less than six weeks, maintaining her comfort is a consideration and it is understood she has been pacing herself, although she was keen to do what work she could during her bout of Covid. Commonwealth Day has not been celebrated in person since 2020, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their last public appearance with senior members of the royal family before moving to North America.