Taras Kuzio, the author of Putin's War Against Ukraine, appeared on Tuesday's instalment of GB News to discuss the latest on the Ukraine conflict which is now into its sixth day. The 63-year-old warned the crisis "will end badly" for the Russian President. He told hosts Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster the war will lead to a "speeding up of the decline of Russia as a great power". Kuzio, an expert in Ukrainian political, economic and security affairs, told the GB News presenters Putin has gone "too far". The author said: "[Putin] has become more dictatorial and more politically repressing and has put more people in jail. "The popularity of him and his rule has already been in decline and I suspect this will increase that. "I don't think this is a popular war and I think the sanctions will also lead to a speeding up of the decline of Russia as a great power.   READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? "Russia was already different to China as China was a rising power and Russia was a declining power." He added: "Lots of things are on the cards now, Putin, I think, has gone too far now." Holmes interjected to ask how the crisis was going to end for the Russian President. Kuzio replied: "For him, it will end badly as it always does for dictators.  "Dictators don't go to their allotments and start to grow vegetables." Despite weeks of negotiations, Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine on Thursday. At least 352 Ukrainian civilians have been killed so far and more than 1,600 have been injured. However, Moscow has not been able to take hold of Ukraine as its capital city Kyiv continues to fight back. DON'T MISS...Eamonn Holmes slams West Ham choice to play Zouma  [LATEST]Eamonn Holmes apologises for live GB News blunder [VIDEO]EU fights back! Putin's plot foiled as Ukraine deepens energy ties [BREAKING] Colonel Bob Stewart was also interviewed by Holmes and Webster about the conflict and he stated the reason he thought Putin was heading towards a historic defeat. The Tory MP explained the sign which shows why Russia's invasion of Ukraine is failing. "It's all to do with the morale of the troops," the 72-year-old politician exclaimed. "What you've got is very high morale among the Ukrainian resistance and actually very low morale amongst the Russians and some of them don't even know they are in Ukraine."  On Tuesday morning, Ukraine's president Volodymyr Zelensky said Russia had launched a total of 56 rocket strikes and fired 113 cruise missiles since Thursday. Satellite images were released on Tuesday showing a massive convoy of Russian armoured vehicles advancing on Kyiv. Loud explosions were heard in the city overnight which were reportedly closer to the city centre than in previous days. The Great British Breakfast airs on GB News from 6am. 