Vernon Kay took on the role of the presenter as he interviewed a number of recognisable faces from the world of music. However, in true Rock Profile fashion, the stars were brought to life by Little Britain pair Matt Lucas and David Walliams. The comedy duo took aim at the likes of Miley Cyrus, Adele, Post Malone, Lewis Capaldi and Billie Eilish to name a few - although the Comic Relief sketch didn’t exactly sit well with a number of BBC viewers watching at home. The pair's sketch was introduced by an excitable Alesha Dixon and David Tennant as they egged up the crowd before playing the skit. “Time now for something very exciting," Dixon began. "Back in 1999, my old friend David Walliams and Matt Lucas launched Rock Profile featuring stars such as Elton John, George Michael, Kylie Minogue and Tom Jones." Former Doctor Who Tennant then chimed in: "And now, over 20 years later, they’re back! "Here’s the set-up: all the biggest music stars of today are getting together to record the new Comic Relief single, it’s a brand new version of ‘The Greatest Love of All’. Vernon Kay is backstage at the recording studio talking exclusively to all the stars." READ MORE: BBC fans 'switch off' over Comic Relief hosting line-up First up was Lucas’ take on Hello and Someone Like You hitmaker Adele, complete with an exaggerated cockney accent. Michael Ball and Alfie Boe were also in the firing line as Walliams and Lucas depicted the pair as a bickering duo. Walliams then donned a wild white wig and flowing dress before cracking out an American accent to mock Lady Gaga. Rapper Post Malone was also ridiculed as Lucas depicted him as a Vernon Kay fan.  Lucas had even drawn a number of child-like marks onto his face to poke fun at the rapper’s numerous facial tattoos. Next up was Lucas sporting a flesh-baring outfit as he teased Miley Cyrus. Walliams soon appeared to accost his “daughter” while in character as Billie Ray Cyrus. Billie Eilish was then portrayed as a spoilt teen by Walliams while Lucas paraded around the studio as an excitable Lewis Capaldi. DON'T MISS:Rose Ayling-Ellis leaves Comic Relief viewers 'in tears'Comic Relief thrown into chaos minutes in following technical glitchJudi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades However, taking aim at the entire segment, a number of fans branded the skit as “unwatchable”, “excruciating” and even “outdated”. Twitter user @ColBloodNok said: "I can't watch this Rock Profile thing on #comicrelief. It's excruciating.” Georgia Handley fumed: “Vernon Kay, Matt Lucas and David Walliams making me cringe at their sketch. When did @comicrelief turn into sexual innuendo? Horrific. @LennyHenry get a grip. It’s revolting.” “This Matt Lucas and David Walliams bit is car crash tele #comicrelief #RedNoseDay,” @PeaBee1982 echoed.  While @cherrlsmiff added: “Matt Lucas & David Walliams are trying to be funny on #ComicRelief and its not working. Time to give up 'comedy' for them I think!!” However, there were some BBC viewers who praised the tongue-in-cheek swipe at some of music’s biggest stars. @MehOfBacup argued: “Matt Lucas doing @Adele on comic relief. Absolutely dying,” followed by a series of laughing emojis. While @barney_doglet concurred: “@RealMattLucas Absolutely brilliant Comic Relief - Adele had me in stitches,” again followed by laughing emojis. Comic Relief is available to stream on BBC iPlayer now.