The emergency department of Southmead hospital has been evacuated following fears of a bomb attack. Avon and Somerset police have confirmed that a man has been arrested after the discovery of a suspicious package. They added that the Explosive Ordinance Disposal team has also now arrived at the scene. Videos from the scene show patients and staff walking out of the hospital, still in their scrubs and hospital gowns. The building has a capacity of 800 beds. All outpatient appointments and visiting has been cancelled for the day. Tweeting from the scene, @WoodruffLeanne said: "Police presence and fire service as patients evacuated at Southmead Hospital."  Police stated: "Emergency services are at Southmead Hospital, where a man has been arrested following an incident today where a suspicious package was discovered. "We'd ask the public to have patience while this is ongoing. A cordon is in place. Updates to follow." They later issued an update via Twitter to say there are no reported injuries at this time. They also confirmed that a number of roads have been closed in the area. The Gazette report that a number of police vehicles are present with drone support in the air.  North Bristol NHS tweeted: "We are currently responding to a security incident in our Emergency Department. "We’re asking all members of the public to please stay away from the Emergency Department at Southmead Hospital whilst this incident is ongoing.  Twitter user Chris said that he had just left the hospital and was amazed by the response of the emergency services. He said: "None of the pictures do justice to the amazing response of police, fire services and so many hospital staff. The whole area (including roads etc) were closed down so quickly, but also so calmly. "I spoke to someone who knows the building layouts and even when patients are upstairs they can move around the whole top floor. "I felt reassured for our loved ones there and wanted to share for anyone reading this from afar who now isn't allowed to visit." "This means that we have had to cancel all outpatient appointments and visiting today. "We are unable to comment further at this time but will issue updates as soon as possible." Express.co.uk have contacted Avon and Somerset police for comment. Southmead Hospital, located in the North of Bristol, was founded in 1902. It has nearly one thousand beds. We will keep this story updated as more details of the incident emerge. 