The RSPCA warned the Python has been abandoned by its owner and is currently on the loose. An appeal has been launched by the animal welfare charity to track down the snake which is somewhere in Kingfisher Country Park.  Residents have been left concerned for their safety after a member of the public alerted animal welfare officers. The snake was spotted near Shard End Lake at around 7.30am on Tuesday leaving locals concerned for their pets and children. By the time inspectors arrived they were unable to find the python that can grow up to 5 feet long. One person wrote on social media: "I take my two children and dog up there, I certainly won't be for a while now. Scary stuff."  Another said: "What idiot would abandon a live snake in a family park. "Not only a risk to others but that snake probably won't last five minutes." A third added: "Relax people, it won't be suffocating your prized labradoodle, it'll be more than likely be looking for rats and mice." A fourth commented: "I'm not taking any risks. A python is a python at the end of the day and will be looking for prey." READ MORE: London emergency: Euston station evacuated as passengers told 'leav... The RSPCA are now asking that anyone with information about the snake’s whereabouts or how it came to be abandoned to contact them. A spokesperson for the charity said they were worried about the welfare of the snake. They said: "We’re really worried about this snake out in the cold weather and are appealing to anyone who has spotted the royal python to contact us so we can help bring the snake to safety. "Snakes aren’t able to produce their own body heat so they rely on their environment to maintain their body temperature. DON'T MISS:  Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears {REVEAL] Pensioners at sheltered housing block furious with music and parties  [INSIGHT] BBC's Nick Robinson frostily shuts down Putin defender over shelling [SPOTLIGHT] "If snakes become too cold they may be unable to feed or move normally, and their immune system will not work properly to fight disease, meaning the animal can become very ill. "No matter what the reason, abandoning an animal alone and in a situation like this is never okay. "There is no guarantee that an abandoned animal will be found or not become hurt or lost. "If someone is struggling to cope there are lots of charities who could help and we would urge you to ask for help. "Unfortunately, this sort of thing isn’t unusual and we receive numerous calls relating to exotic pets, like snakes and lizards, some of which have been abandoned by their owners. "Snakes often end up in our care when owners realise the commitment that is involved in meeting their needs and keeping them healthy. "This is why we’re always saying that people should do their research before taking on a pet." 