During a recent episode of Antiques Roadshow, auctioneer and valuer John Foster was taken aback by a rare item that he had to check the owner had the correct paperwork for. Once he composed himself, he revealed that the item "made his day" and was a unique find, with the owner being lucky to have access to it. John was delighted to join the BBC team while filming at the Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland after being presented with a special heirloom. With a particular interest in furniture, antiquities and British coins, he was momentarily lost for words on the episode. John said: "So when I saw this earlier, my heart literally skipped a beat. "So, what are you doing with such a beautiful object?" Read More: Jeremy Clarkson sparks frenzy as he crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour The owner of the 1st-century item described what the object was and how he came across it. He divulged: "I found it metal detecting about 25 years ago. "I was just walking back to the car and got a signal and dug it, and I thought it was actually a Roman statue until I cleaned it up." The now gleaning item was small in size but had a big story. The expert asked: "Before we go any further, I presume you have done all of the correct paperwork and let the authorities know?" He was glad to hear the logging of the found historical item was recorded properly and was registered with York Museum. Continuing, he added: "I think it's at least 1st century, it's a knife handle, I believe, a wax spatula knight handle." His source of information was a "professor at Oxford University" however, the expert wanted to be a bit "controversial". DON’T MISS…Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?[SPOILERS]The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one[LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] "I'm going to be a bit controversial," he replied. "Because I agree yes, 1st, 2nd century AD, a couple of thousand years old." He added that its bronze and its size made it more likely to be used as a doctor's scalpel rather than a spatula blade. Concluding, he said: "None of that matters, because when you look at how beautiful the thing is and how old it is and what it represents, it's stunning. "It just made my day to see it." The item was valued at £500 to £800 with the owner chiming in with: "It's not about value. "It's the fact that the last person to have touched that before me was a Roman, and that's what means everything to me." Antiques Roadshow airs on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.