David and Victoria Beckham have “kickstarted” an appeal to provide aid to the children of Ukraine as Russia’s invasion continues to devastate the country. David launched UNICEF’s Emergency Appeal with an emotional message on Tuesday to his 71million Instagram followers. The former footballer solemnly said in a video: “Like you, I have watched the situation in Ukraine unfold with horror and disbelief. “Mothers forced to flee with their children. Families torn apart. Children pulled from their beds to become refugees overnight. “With my family safe around me, I felt the helplessness we all share when faced with scenes of such despair. "That’s why I’m setting up an emergency appeal through my 7 Fund for UNICEF to help provide immediate aid. READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update “Victoria and I have made a donation on behalf of our family to kickstart the appeal.“We would be so grateful if you would join us to help UNICEF support these innocent children.”A source close to the couple states they have donated £1million out of their own pocket to help the initiative.They told MailOnline: “David and Victoria personally donated £1m to the emergency appeal set up via David’s dedicated 7 Fund for UNICEF. “They wanted to do everything they could to help UNICEF in their work on the ground in Ukraine.” Victoria also publicly endorsed the campaign by reposting David’s plea to her own Instagram. In view of her 29 million followers, the fashion designer wrote: “The situation in Ukraine is truly heartbreaking. Please consider donating to the UNICEF 7 Fund Emergency Appeal if you are able to. “David and I have kick-started the appeal with a donation on behalf of our family, which will go towards providing immediate aid to support to support [did she repeat this in the actual post? if so i'd add 'sic'] children’s wellbeing, including medical supplies and safe spaces for families.” DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen[INSIGHT]Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz[NEWS] She later shared a follow-up post with a photograph of a field edited into the colours of the Ukraine flag. The mum-of-four said: “This International Women's Day I wanted to take today the opportunity to support the women and children who are most in need of our support right now, those impacted by the devastating war on Ukraine. “On my Stories today I’m sharing some organisations that are providing crucial help and support for those affected.” Via her story she shared links to emergency appeals from Urgent Action Fund (UAF), Global Fund for Women, Care UK and Disasters Emergency Committee (DEC). The Beckhams are not the only celebrities to donate money to relief efforts in Ukraine. Actress Mila Kunis, who was born in Ukraine, and her husband Ashton Kutcher have promised to match donations of $3m (£2.3m) to help aid Ukrainian refugees. Former Real Housewives of New York star, Bethenny Frankel, has also raised more than $35m (£27m) through her BStrong initiative, as well as setting up border entry point relief camps and temporary housing for those in need.