Ian Wright was critical of Joe Gomez after the Liverpool defender failed to prevent Norwich from pulling a goal back in the Reds' 2-1 FA Cup triumph over the Canaries. The Carabao Cup winners were enjoying a routine evening on Merseyside against Dean Smith's side thanks to two first-half goals from Takumi Minamino. However, Norwich midfielder Lukas Rupp handed his side a lifeline when he drove the ball home from distance. Yet upon review, Gomez could have potentially blocked the effort after retreating and blocking Alisson's view. The England international has had a tough time of late after falling down the Anfield pecking order following his return from a serious injury. Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate are now regularly partnering Virgil van Dijk as Gomez watches on from the sidelines.  EXCLUSIVE: Meet Liverpool's 11-year-old 'guest' Beau invited by Alisson and Klopp to lift Carabao Cup And in the opinion of Wright, Gomez should be frustrated with his failure to prevent Norwich's consolation. "I think he's got to come out," Wright said. "He's got to come out like Lee Dixon said and block it. "He's got to do more. This is a great position the defender is dropping off and then you [Norwich] punish them." Dixon also made the same observation claiming Gomez has to shut down Rupp before he lets fly. DON'T MISSMeet Liverpool's 11-year-old 'guest' Beau invited by Alisson and Klopp to lift Carabao CupChelsea owner Roman Abramovich issues emotional statement confirming club for saleLiverpool lessons learned as Takumi Minamino shines and duo struggle in Norwich FA Cup win "Gomez just doesn't do enough, he backs off him," he said during commentary. "You cannot back off him there, you have to go to the ball. "Come towards the ball, Alisson can't see it past the defender's legs. Too much time, too much space, a great strike and I am surprised." In the end, it didn't really matter as the Reds held on to ensure they booked their place in the last eight for the first time since Klopp arrived at Anfield. The German recently urged Gomez to force his way back into the team after conceding that the 24-year-old has been unlucky. "It's really unlucky for Joe," Klopp acknowledged. "He has consistently played on an incredible level and has been one of the best centre-halves in England but then the big injury came and little injuries on top of that. "Then he got Covid. That timing was really bad because he would definitely have played against Cardiff and that would have given him some rhythm and momentum. But he couldn't play, so it has been tough." Liverpool's players have continued to diffuse talk of a potential quadruple but the Reds are certainly going the right way about their business. Having already won their first piece of silverware at Wembley on Sunday, there is plenty to play for between now and the end of the season.