Chef James Martin was joined by actress Alison Steadman on his cooking chat show James Martin's Saturday Morning. Along with the Gavin and Stacey star, he welcomed chefs Paul Ainsworth and Romy Gill as they cooked up a treat in the kitchen. While preparing his latest meal for the guest, James didn't want to serve just potatoes. In true James fashion, the item to make potatoes even better was to serve them in butter. James said: "Potatoes, rather than just serve them how they are, you have to take some butter." The eye-watering amount of butter he added made guest Alison's eyes bulge. Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis? She added: "There's a lot of butter in this." Not knowing whether to acknowledge her remark or to just move on, he let out some grunts and groans while making sure the hob was on. He jested: "Just a little bit." Laughing, Alison continued with her questioning: "What have you put in there, parsley?" Possibly too soon, he replied: "Parsley, a little bit of butter, you got your nice cream spinach, your lovely Dover sole, [showing the guest] that's that brown nut butter.." The two had great on-screen chemistry, noted by the outpour of praise and support online. Simon Duke was a fan of the appearance: "Alison Steadman on James Martin's Saturday Morning - what an absolute queen!" @airmedicmark echoed this: "@jamesmartinchef what a great guest Alison Steadman is! #JamesMartinsSaturdayMorning." DON’T MISS… Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] @DizzyM2 loved the entire episode: "Absolutely Cracking programme this morning:). "I'm feeling hungry already lol….Good Luck with the Tour; it sounds Amazing!:))x" Juliet seemed to have the same idea: "When I didn't think the show could get any better. "Love the ideas for quick veg recipes for kids and adults. And the interaction, brilliant." "@jamesmartinchef I wanna come to lunch with you! "Not only because you are an amazing chef, but because you pack your guests up a fantastic takeaway package.#cooking #generoushost," @Adele639 shared. Also, in the episode, James shared that it is "a tragedy" that so Britain's Dover Sole was exported. James Martin's Saturday Morning airs weekly at 9.30am on ITV.