Nick Ferrari became caught in the middle of a caller feud after he invited listeners to phone-in and discuss an incident of a woman driving her car towards an Insulate Britain protester. Insulate Britain, an environmental group founded by members of Extinction Rebellion, has come under fire for blocking roads in protest of energy usage.  “She could have run these people over”, said caller Rick from Reading, “her foot could have ended up on the accelerator”. Mr Ferrari acknowledged that Rick appeared to have a good point in the discussion and encouraged the debate to continue by inviting comments from an opposing caller. Second caller Jason sparked outrage by immediately responding that those who object to the actions of the driver should “step away from the crackpipe, sir.” The presenter promptly interrupted and requested Jason withdraw his comment, cautioning the caller with a “yellow” warning. He said: “I’m sorry, I apologise on behalf of the station. We’re not going to allow that”. Jason continued to make controversial comments, arguing that if Insulate Britain protests occurred in South Africa, the protesters “would have a glock to the head and be told to move off sharp”. This appeared to be another jab at his fellow caller in the debate as it was clear throughout the call that Rick had a noticeable South African accent. Many have expressed great frustration towards the protest techniques used by the group. Insulate Britain is a well-recognised social and environmental campaign aimed at urging the government to insulate homes across the country to improve living conditions and reduce energy costs. The group was initially founded by members of the larger environmental campaign, Extinction Rebellion. The movement has gained much press through the use of controversial protest tactics. Common methods used by Insulate Britain include blocking key travel routes, including motorways, by creating human blockades as protesters sit on the road and refuse to move for hours. The protests have caused severe delays on core British travel routes and required hours of police time to remove protesters who are often super-glued to the road surface. Read More: 'Appalling' £4.3m bill for policing Insulate Britain's roadblocks  The debate hosted by Mr Ferrari centred around an incident from October 2021, in which a woman drove her car towards Insulate Britain protesters who were blocking a section of road in Essex. Sherrilyn Speid, the woman now named as the driver, has since pleaded guilty to a charge of dangerous driving, to be sentenced in May 2022. Ms Speid was seen angrily confronting protesters. She claimed the road-blocking ‘sit-in’ was preventing both her from reaching work and her son from getting to school. Following the confrontation, Ms Speid used her car to nudge the protesters in an effort to remove them from the road. While the car was not travelling at excessive speed, the use of the car in this manner has caused the dangerous driving charge to be levied. Don't Miss: 32 Insulate Britain protesters facing jail for injunction breach[REVEAL]Furious Brits erupts at eco mob as they Port of Dover LBC [PICTURES]'How can you as a serious journalist say that?!' McCoy in climate row [VIDEO] It is this incident that appeared to enrage caller, Jason, in the LBC discussion. Caller Jason expressed support for Ms Speid and the actions she has taken against Insulate Britain protesters. “The police in the UK are too soft,” claimed Jason. “When this half term happens, they’re going to be out on the streets again”, warned the caller, “we need to see the police hardcore.”