Joan Collins, 88, posted a photo of herself to Instagram. The snap showed the actress in a drawing as she was applying lipstick. The caption under the photo read: “In a world full of Kardashians, dare to be a Joan Collins.” The snap was shared with Joan’s 270,000 followers. She thanked the artist who created the image for the wise quote and the drawing. The star said: “Thank you to the artist for this wise remark… Happy Friday everyone!!” READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. Fans were quick to comment on Joan’s post and send their well wishes. Among them was Catherine Zeta Jones. The actress wrote: “I dare you!!!!!!” Missfamenyc also said: “Yessss.” Stacey_Garvey31 penned: “The kartrashians don’t even come near your league QUEEN!” Alongside four flame emojis, Victoriasmurfit wrote: “Amen.” Joan is an actress best known for her roles as provocative female characters, most notably as manipulative seductress Alexis Carrington in soap opera Dynasty. In December, Joan spoke up about her feelings during the first COVID-19 lockdown. DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE] She explained that she felt there was nothing she could do as she addressed her weight gain over the course of the pandemic. Joan spent the first few months of the lockdown in London. Following the easing of travel restrictions, she moved house with husband Percy Gibson. She said she became frustrated with the intense restrictions, and decided to move to her home in the South of France instead. Speaking to the Daily Mail in December, the actress said: "I found London difficult because I felt like I was in jail, not knowing when I was going to get out.” She admitted that at first, she spent a "ridiculous" amount of time watching TV and added that she gained weight as a result of excessive eating and sitting down. Joan continued: "Of course I was [in tracksuits] weren’t we all? “I gained about half a stone. “I was eating as much as possible because aside from drinking bottles of wine and polishing off chocolates – what else was there to do?"