  Richard Arnold attended the BAFTAs earlier this month and shared his thoughts on presenter Rebel Wilson whilst appearing at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest. The Entertainment Editor for Good Morning Britain claimed Rebel, 42, “knew what she was doing” and insisted that the jokes she told about the Royal Family “landed”.     Richard, 52, shared his thoughts on the Australian star’s quips about the Royals in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. When asked about whether he felt her jokes on members of the Royal Family landed, he was definite with his reply. “Oh, I think they landed,” he said with a chuckle. “And I think she absolutely knows what she’s doing.” Reflecting on the Pitch Perfect actress’ performance at the BAFTAs, he confirmed: “I love Rebel.” READ MORE: Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars     The presenter continued: “I think she herself said that, you know, when you host these events your head really is on the chopping block and I know she was worried about being cancelled. “Previously, her appearances on the BAFTAs have gone viral, which I'm sure is why she was picked for the occasion. "And I thought she did a great job. “There were always those moments at these award ceremonies where you think you're playing to the home crowd because they're all your colleagues in the business and we've all been there. “I mean, obviously, I've never been asked to host the BAFTAs,” Richard laughed.      “But those moments where you're on stage and you go a bit clammy-palmed because you wonder whether or not your gag has landed in the right place. “And there's this sort of the waft of tumbleweed coming through the room, you know, or a deafening silence. “But I thought she did a great job, you know,” he added. “And certainly spiced it up.” Rebel was given the BAFTAs presenting gig after making audiences roar with laughter in 2020, when she appeared on stage at the Royal Albert Hall to present the Best Director Award. READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [LATEST] Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [NEWS]      The Bridesmaids actress aimed jibes at Princes Andrew and Harry - all while Prince William and Kate Middleton were sitting just metres from her in the front row. One of her cheeky jokes was when she ‘mistakenly’ referenced Prince Andrew, who had recently been accused of sleeping with a 17-year-old girl who was trafficked by his paedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein. She said: “Good evening distinguished guests and those who don't identify as that. It is really great to be here at the Royal Andrew... Royal Harry... Royal Phillip... this royal palace place.” When Rebel returned this year, she was not afraid to aim some more quips in the Royal Family’s direction, although Prince William and Kate were not in attendance this time.      Whilst discussing the many qualities of the best picture nominees, she added in: “From drama to fantasy, Harry and Meghan’s interview with Oprah had it all. But unfortunately, it wasn’t nominated in this category.” However, she raised the stakes with another Prince Andrew joke just weeks after his sexual assualt case was settled. When she walked out onto the stage, Rebel said: “I was going to do a musical number as host; it was about Prince Andrew. It was on rollerskates, it was called Pizza Express. “But don’t worry, I’m not going to do it, I’m not going to sing. I’m saving my voice for the sequel to Cats,” she added, referencing the critically-panned film that she starred in. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.    