The state pension will be increasing next month by 3.1 percent, but as inflation looks to peak at a disastrous seven percent, pensioners may find themselves scrambling to make up the deficit. Five top-ups from the Department for Work and Pensions could help ease the burden but pensioners have until the end of the month to claim some of them. Roughly 1.4 million pensioners across Great Britain receive this top-up made specifically to help those on a low income in retirement. However, almost one million people are believed to be missing out on their entitlement as £1.8billion goes unclaimed. Pension Credit not only provides financial support but also opens a gateway to other benefits and assistance such as a free TV licence for those over the age of 75.  This winter benefit is specifically aimed towards pensioners to help cover their energy bills during the coldest months. Britons born on or before September 26, 1955 can receive up to £300 towards their heating. The money is automatically paid to state pension recipients as well as households claiming:    These £25 payments are made to vulnerable households that experience seven consecutive days of extremely cold temperatures between November 1 and March 31. Temperatures recorded or forecast as zero degrees and below will create a trigger in the area, after which households can expect a payment within 14 working days. Britons claiming the below benefits could get Cold Weather Payments: The Warm Home Discount Scheme operates from November to March each year, providing eligible households with a £140 discount on their electricity bills. This money is automatically given to one’s energy supplier so they will not receive any money themselves. There are two groups of Britons eligible for Warm Home Discount: the core group and broader group. The core group is made up of elderly people on low income who are receiving the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit. A total of £500million in Household Support Fund was introduced last November to help vulnerable households. Funds in this scheme must be spent or committed by the end of this month as they cannot be held over for future usage.