 The Last Kingdom season five drops on Netflix on March 9 and fans are hoping the ten episodes will wrap everything up nicely. Ahead of the final season premiere, Uhtred of Bebbanburg actor Alexander Dreymon teased his character will be busy "trying to put out fires in season five" and shared how his trusty steed challenged him on set.    The German-born actor had an equally busy time behind the camera this time around as he has also worked on the show as a director. With his lips tightly sealed, the star has divulged the wait since April 2020 will be worth it for the final outing. His role is a physical one and being the warrior he is, he has to wield multiple weapons and ride a horse while not falling off and injuring himself. The 39-year-old said: "I really enjoy the physical aspect of it and the horse-riding aspect of it. Read More: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin's role in Abi's baby plot unveiled?  "I love the contact with the animal and the life that automatically breathes into each and every scene just because you have to be so alert to every movement that the horse does. To everything that he tries." Despite making it look effortless in the show, Alexander shared it wasn't always that easy. He added: " I ride a horse called Pedro who is basically a bit of a moody teenager, so he is always testing the limits. "So you always have to be on top of that, at the same time as doing your scene. There is a level of alertness, it’s such an enjoyable wave to ride on."  Alexander has been the lead character since the show first aired in 2015, which is based on a novel series by Bernard Cornwell called The Saxon Stories. Although there are 13 books for fans to get stuck into, the show has firmly been confirmed to be stopping at season five. Now working on the show in a bigger capacity he has to jump back and forth from in front to behind the camera. "This season, having been behind the camera and being part of the whole prep, I really witnessed how much work went into these sets and how much attention to detail there is," he described. DON’T MISS… Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son in sick revenge twist? [SPOILERS] Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST]  Touching more on his directorial duties, he added: "I spent as much time in front of the camera as I did behind the camera, so I was definitely thrown in at the deep end, but I’m completely in love with it. "I’m just so grateful to have been able to do it." The star also said of this season: "I feel like Uhtred’s running round, trying to put out fires in season five. It’s all about him as a protector. He tries and fails to protect his children. " Season five picks up after the events of season four but transports viewers in time to a few years later.    Having been left with a surprise truce between the Saxon and Danes, putting aside the differences in a plot twist, viewers want to know if their shaky ceasefire will last. Lucky for fans, many of the cast returned for the final outing. Returning to the show is Brida (played by Emily Cox), Aelswith, (Eliza Butterworth), Finan (Mark Rowley) and King Edward (Timothy Innes) to name a few. The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on Netflix on March 