Fern Britton, 64, has spoken up about the treatment she received from male colleagues at a former job. She discussed her job as a journalist in a newsroom before landing her big break on This Morning. The star appeared on Kate Thornton’s White Wine Question Time to speak about her career. Kate asked the star if she had ever thought she would end up releasing novels in the double digits. She responded saying that she didn’t think she would, as she had little education on writing. But Fern did add that she had 13 years experience as a journalist, working in a busy newsroom, under her belt. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz She then went on to speak about how she was treated during her time there. She said that “some of the male reporters were quite packed with testosterone". The journalist added that there would be frequent fights and arguments, as well as a big drinking culture. The star said: “There’d be punch-ups and people rowing. “Of course there was a great drinking culture. Everyone was in the pub at lunchtime. “Not me necessarily but sometimes. Playing Golden Brown endlessly on the jukebox in the pub, so I remember that.” Fern said that after finishing a show at 6.30pm people would go straight into the bar. She then said that if there was “anybody who didn’t like what you’d made that day” you’d be “absolutely slaughtered”. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] “You wanted to cry but you’re a woman so you’d say ‘I see, I understand,’” she said. Fern went on, saying that she had to learn quickly not to take things personally. Kate then shifted to discussing the present day and Fern’s current work. She asked her about the Channel 5 show which she currently presents, Watercolour Challenge. The show sees four amateur painters compete to paint different scenic locations from around the United Kingdom. It involves Fern travelling and seeing some of the locations. Kate said: “Some of the locations you’ve gone to are just gorgeous aren’t they?” In response, Fern said: “The United Kingdom is full of the most beautiful places. Because we live here we don’t always go and see them. “These last few years we have looked at our own countryside and decided that we have splendid things here.”