Piers Morgan has ripped into Hollywood actor Alec Baldwin amid reports he has blamed Halyna Hutchins for her own shooting. He discharged a gun that killed 42-year-old Hutchins while on set filming the movie Rust, for which she was cinematographer. Piers quote-tweeted a story from TMZ, which reported that in an arbitration demand filed by Baldwin’s lawyers, the actor claimed to be shielded from any financial responsibility when it comes to Hutchins’ death, due to his contract on set. Making his feelings clear, Piers wrote “disgusting”. The lawyers also claim the film’s production team should cover the 63-year-old’s legal fees. Baldwin says Hutchins was the one who told him to point the gun which would end up taking her life.  "She directed Baldwin to hold the gun higher, to a point where it was directed toward her,” says the claim. “She was looking carefully at the monitor and then at Baldwin, and then back again, as she gave these instructions. “In giving and following these instructions, Hutchins and Baldwin shared a core, vital belief: that the gun was 'cold' and contained no live rounds." The lawyers go on to say Baldwin asked Hutchins if he should pull back the hammer of the gun, which he believed to be empty, and she said yes. They add that upon Hutchins’ death, her husband Matthew arrived on set and hugged Baldwin, telling him “I guess we're going to go through this together”. But since Baldwin sat down with ABC News and blamed Hutchins for the tragic accident, that friendship has been destroyed as Matthew and his son are now suing him for wrongful death. The lawyers insist it’s not the responsibility of an actor to check a prop gun for live ammunition, but the armourist’s. Recalling the cinematographer talking him through the scene, the actor told ABC News: “She says to me, 'Hold the gun lower. Go to your right. Okay, right there. Alright, do that. Now show it a little bit lower.' And she's getting me to position the gun. DON'T MISS...Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH]Madonna posts ageless video for Frozen 25 years after origina [VIDEO]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] “She's guiding me through how she wants me to hold the gun for this angle. I'm holding the gun where she told me to hold it, which ended up being aimed right below her armpit." Baldwin went on to insist that, while he did not pull the trigger, he cocked the gun under direction and a shot was fired after he let go of the hammer. “I let go of the hammer of the gun, and the gun goes off. I would never point a gun at anyone and pull a trigger at them,” the actor stated. Hutchins and director Joel Souza were shot while they were practising a scene last October in New Mexico.  Souza, 48, was taken to hospital after being hit in the shoulder by the bullet and was later discharged. Script supervisor Mamie Mitchell is also taking legal action against Baldwin, assistant director Dave Halls and the movie’s producers, claiming that the scene in Rust did not call for a gun to be fired. Her lawyer, Gloria Allred, said “industry veteran” Baldwin should not have trusted a gun handed to him by anyone other than the prop master or armourer. The weapon was given to him by Halls, who allegedly shouted “cold gun,” meaning not loaded with live rounds. No criminal charges have been filed.