The ESA council made the announcement — calling ongoing cooperation with Russian space agency Roscosmos on the joint program a “present impossibility” — following a two-day meeting in Paris that concluded today. A spokesperson said: “As an intergovernmental organisation mandated to develop and implement space programmes in full respect with European values, we deeply deplore the human casualties and tragic consequences of the aggression towards Ukraine. “While recognising the impact on scientific exploration of space, ESA is fully aligned with the sanctions imposed on Russia by its Member States. ExoMars is a multi-mission programme whose goals beyond searching for traces of microbial life include investigating variations in the Martian geochemical and hydrological environment, studying trace gases and their sources, and demonstrating technologies that could one day be used in a mission to return samples from Mars back to Earth. The programme previously launched a mission in 2016, placing the atmosphere-studying Trace Gas Orbiter into Mars orbit and deploying the Schiaparelli Entry, Descent, and Landing Demonstrator Module (EDM). This craft was built to test technologies for future soft landings on Mars but crashed following a malfunction in its inertial measurement unit, which caused it to deploy its parachute and braking thrusters at the wrong time. The ESA is now considering how to move forward with a delayed implementation of the next mission in the ExoMars programme. ExoMars is not, however, the only ESA operation to have been impacted by Russia's actions in recent weeks. At the end of last month, Roscosmos announced that it would be suspending cooperation on space launches with Europe from the Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, French Guiana. In a post on Telegram, Roscosmos Director General Dmitry Rogozin wrote: "In response to EU sanctions against our companies, Roscosmos is suspending cooperation with European partners on space launches from Kourou, and is withdrawing its technical staff [... from French Guiana.” Today, the ESA said that all missions presently scheduled for launch from the Guiana Space Centre by Russian Soyuz craft have been “put on hold”. READ MORE: Chernobyl ‘new accident’ fears soar as staff work under GUNPOINT  Four international missions have been affected by this situation, including two for the EU’s “Galileo” global navigation satellite system. Another mission impacted was to deploy the Euclid space telescope next year, to map the geometry of the universe, while the fourth mission would have launched EarthCARE. The latter, due to blast off in March 2023, is a joint enterprise between the ESA and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) that aims to observe and characterise aerosols and cloud formations in the Earth’s atmosphere as well the emission of infrared radiation and reflected solar radiation from our planet. The European Union previously played down the impact of Russia’s withdrawal, suggesting that the development would not impact the quality of the service provided by either Galileo or its Earth observation programme Copernicus. DON'T MISS:Putin blinks first: Bumper gas supplies sent to EU [REPORT]Scientists declare if humanity would survive Russia nuclear war [ANALYSIS]UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found [INSIGHT]   It is understood that the ESA Director General has also commenced an investigation assessing potential alternative launch services for both these missions, and the first uses of the ESA’s Ariane 6 single-use launch system. The ESA said: A robust launch manifest for ESA missions’ launch needs, including for spacecraft originally planned for launch by Soyuz from Kourou, will be submitted to Member States.” Similar sentiments were expressed by EU Commissioner Thierry Breton at the time of Russia’s withdrawal from the  Guiana Space Centre. He said: "We will take all necessary decisions in time to work on the development of the second generation of these two sovereign spacial infrastructures. "We are also prepared to act determinedly together with the member states to protect these critical infrastructures in case of an attack, and to continue the development of Ariane 6 and VegaC to guarantee the strategic autonomy with regard to carrier rockets." The ESA today also stressed that the International Space Station programme is continuing “to operate nominally” and efforts are being made to ensure the ongoing safety of both the ongoing missions and the crew.