Pussycat Doll member Kimberly Wyatt has put her dancing skills to the test in Season 14 of Dancing on Ice. Despite impressing fans and the judges on the ITV show, the pop star who had been tipped to claim second place has now slipped down into the third position. Kimberly is paired with professional skater Mark Hanretty with the duo skating at the top of the leaderboard each week. Their performance of Puttin' on the Ritz during Musicals week scored them an impressive 40, with each judge praising their showmanship. Ashley Banjo even said that "he wished he could give her [a score of] 11". However, although she is an impressive skater, the bookies have said she has slipped from being the second favourite to win after Regan Gascoigne to the bronze position after Brendan Cole. Read More: Jeremy Clarkson sparks frenzy as he crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour The show is skating into its semi-final this weekend, and former Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan has leapfrogged to the second favourite to win with odds 5/2, Ladbrokes claim. Regan is still firmly in the front and is partnered up with professional Karina Manta. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "Brendan Cole's odds are tumbling at just the right time with just two weeks of this year's Dancing on Ice left to go - and punters are seemingly convinced he's the most likely celeb to challenge Regan for the crown." Viewers shouldn't count Kimberly out just yet as she does have a proven track record on reality shows. The 40-year-old won Celebrity MasterChef in 2015 and has lots of talent show experience serving as a judge on the Sky dance competition, Got to Dance. Her lowest score came in week one; however, she has since been scoring very high 30s if not gaining the full 40 with her routines. Brendan has been hot on heels from the beginning, earning his first 40 points with his emotional performance to Falling by Harry Styles in week seven. He also won fans over with his Jersey Boys routine with male professional skater Brendyn Hatfield when his partner Vanessa Bauer had to pull out due to Covid. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street icon Bethany Platt to return for Adam Barlow's funeral?[SPOILERS]The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one[LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] Brendan admitted he was in agony early this week after repeatedly falling. Taking to social media, he said: "Rehabbing an ongoing injury that nearly stopped me skating on Sunday! "Thanks to the incredible @sharonmorrisonuk for keeping me and @vanessabauer_skates on the @dancingonice rink despite me trying my hardest to injure my hip by falling on it so many times. Regan will be a tough competitor to beat, with the judges praising his performance each week. During the Torvill and Dean inspirited routine challenge, they brought several of the panel to tears. The duo recreated the Torvill and Dean World Championships routine Barnum, their first big routine after their Mack and Mabel choreography. Jayne Torvill said: "We know that technically, your skating has always been good, but tonight everything came together." Oti Mabuse added: "This was expensive. Expensive in terms of you were so technically good." Dancing on Ice airs Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV.