The UK's relationship with Canada is a close one, as the Queen is also Canada's head of state. But the Queen also has a friendly relationship with Canada's Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, and she has known him since his childhood. On Monday March 7, the Queen was joined by Justin Trudeau in the Oak Room of Windsor Castle, and the leaders were all smiles as they shook hands in front of the world's press. After their meeting, Mr Trudeau spoke of the "insightful" chat he had with the Queen at her Berkshire residence. When asked if the Queen was "fighting fit", he replied: "In regard to Her Majesty, I have had the particular privilege of having known Her Majesty for about 45 years now, and I can tell you that in my conversation with her this morning, she was as insightful and perspicacious as ever. "Very interested in what's going on, asked me all sorts of questions about Canada and we had a really useful, for me anyway, conversation about global events as we always do."  READ MORE: Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes are like The Queen and Mr Trudeau's last high-profile meeting was at the G7 Summit in Cornwall in June 2021, which was attended by several world leaders. But Mr Trudeau first met the Queen more than four decades ago when he was a child, as his father Pierre Trudeau was Canada's prime minister in the 1980s. Since following in his father's footsteps and becoming Canada's Prime Minister in 2015, Justin Trudeau and the Queen have always looked delighted to meet each other at diplomatic functions over the years. In 2015, the Queen made the nation giggle during a dinner for the Commonwealth Heads of Government in Malta while Mr Trudeau was also in attendance.  Mr Trudeau paid tribute to the Queen during his toast, and he highlighted that he was the 12th Canadian prime minister to serve during her reign. He said: "Some of these memories are of formal state occasions. Some are more personal. "One that I personally remember well from my childhood and indeed, treasure is this: it is 1982, Queen Elizabeth signs the Constitution Act, thus empowering Canada’s legal foundation, including our Charter of Rights and Freedoms. "On that cool day in April, seated next to you, was my father. Pierre Elliott Trudeau was your fourth Canadian prime minister. I am your 12th."  DON'T MISS:Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture [INSIGHT]Why the Queen might never return to Buckingham Palace - three reasons [EXPLAINER]Inside Queen's touching hidden tribute as she meets Justin Trudeau [PICTURES] The Queen replied during her own toast: "Thank you, Mr Prime Minister of Canada, for making me feel so old!" When the joke was shared on the Royal Family's social channels, Mr Trudeau flattered the Queen by tweeting in response: "On the contrary, you are forever young. "I was honoured to toast your lifetime of service tonight." 