All Creatures Great and Small fans are waiting on the edge of their seats for season three, so they can return to Skeldale House and hopefully attend James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) and Helen Alderson's (Rachel Shenton) wedding. With a release date yet to be announced, some cast have teased what to expect in the show's third outing and that it might not be easy going. Talking on the PBS podcast Masterclass, several actors and head writer and executive producer Ben Vanstone have let slip some information that hopefully keeps fans at bay. The last time viewers saw James and Helen, they were still engaged in the 2021 Christmas special and had not set a date for the wedding and were struggling to figure out where to live. Despite the wedding bells still yet to ring, actor Nicholas has revealed the wedding is very much on track for season three. He said: "Well, at the end of season two, he and Helen are engaged. So hopefully they'll get married and maybe start a family with one another.   "Really, I think he's found his soulmate in Helen, and I hope that they just love and support one another and ultimately start a family and find happiness. "It's kind of cliche, but ultimately, that's it. I think as long as the two of them are together, they're pretty much set for whatever will come." The popular show has already been picked up for season four, so there is plenty of potential for the fan favourite couple to have their happily ever after. Nicholas also mentioned his hopes for his character in future cycles. He added: "He's really growing into himself in season two, in confidence personally and professionally, and I hope for more of the same. "I hope he starts to take a leading role within the practice and keeps pushing forward on keeping up with the times and modernization. "So I hope he sticks to his guns. I'm sure he'll get some resistance from Siegfried along the way. Hopefully, Tristan will qualify, so there'll be the three of them there." Lucky for him, his co-star and on-screen partner Rachel also has similar hopes for their characters. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’[LATEST]  "I really hope that she and James keep listening to each other and keep evolving together and care taking of each other's feelings because if they do that, they're not going to go far wrong," the actress added. "There's always that thing where everybody wants them to get together, and see marriage and kids as the end game, happily ever after. But I think most people know that's where the real work starts. So I hope we get to see all of that." It seems everyone wants their marriage to go ahead and to have a family, but writer Ben has alluded that it might not be as easy as fans may think: "In season three, Helen and James have become engaged, so I think it's fair to say there may be a marriage on the horizon, perhaps. "It's 1939, so it will come as no surprise that war is looming. And that will increasingly cast a shadow over our characters' lives.   Although little is known about season three, the previous two instalments have been released in September, giving viewers hope for a potential new season dropping later this year. This would also give the show the nice opportunity to run into its third Christmas special. Fans may have seen recent wedding photos, which opens up many exciting questions for season three. All Creatures Great and Small is available to watch on My5 and AcornTV in the UK and PBS in the US. 