Speaking to the Telegraph, Piotr Glinski warned that an EU army would risk destabilising Europe and noted that political associations are less equipped to fight aggression than the nation state.  Earlier this month, President Macron stated in a televised speech his support of the creation of an EU army after the Ukraine conflict “changed the era” on the continent.  He stated: “We cannot let others defend ourselves; whether on land, at sea, under the sea, in the air, in space or in cyberspace. “Our European defence must take a new step.” The proposed idea is of a 5,000 strong quick response force to attend global crisis regions to allow the EU to act individually from the US and NATO. Poland’s Deputy PM stated that the “most important factor” is the Ukrainian resistance’s readiness to engage in the conflict and doubted that Europe would be as prepared.  In an interview with the Telegraph, Mr Glinski declared his opposition to the proposed change saying: “We even suggested that the European Union Army could be a good solution, but it doesn’t happen. “It didn’t happen for years, so I do not believe in the European army. It’s not a good idea.” Mr Glinski added: “I prefer NATO. The role of the USA and Great Britain is more important to me, so it’s [talk of a European army] not stabilising the situation.” READ MORE:Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war He denied accusations that Brexit negatively impacted Britain’s response to the crisis and acknowledged that Brexit aided the creation of a “coalition” between London, Warsaw and Kyiv. In what has been hailed an “organised miracle” by Mr Glinski, Poland has taken in over two million Ukrainian refugees who have fled their besieged country. The Polish Deputy Prime Minister commented on EU sanctions against Poland due to allegations from the bloc of a violation of democratic rights. DON'T MISS:'Extremely expensive' fuel prices forces motorists to drive less –POLL (POLL)Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades (REACTION)Jeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion (COMMENT)  He said: “There is no real material support [from the EU]. There are some talks. There are some promises. But we are spending our money. “We are organising our people and we are trying to do our best in this situation. And on the other hand, we still have these sanctions against Poland which are politically motivated.” 