Alexandra Breckenridge shot to fame after she played the lead role on Netflix's romantic drama, Virgin River where she starred as Mel Monroe. As fans await the show's fourth season, the actress hinted at working on a new project.  The 39-year-old took to Instagram where she posted a mirror selfie, with a heartfelt tribute to her husband in the caption. She wrote: "I'm away from home filming… When my husband sent me the cheetah shoes he ordered for Valentine's Day. "I had a good cry… the card said 'The cheetah print is to remind you that you can go anywhere.' "This is obviously an inside joke. "But came at just the right moment when I was really doubting myself and what I do for a living he reminded me that I really can go anywhere,Thank you Love."  READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Though it was a special post dedicated to thanking her husband, there was a major clue in the caption which hinted at a new project. Alexandra had written she was: "Away from home filming." This left fans in her comments divided as some speculated she was working on season five of Virgin River. While others were convinced she'd landed a new secret role away from the Netflix hit. Asking about her recurring role on This Is Us, @micacardosoo_ suggested: "Sophie is coming back."  @Yancitocadenillas questioned: "Virgin river season 4 and 5 ?" Other fans flooded her comments with encouraging messages after reading the actress was dealing with self-doubt. @Kevsophiie wrote: "Everything you do is magic and brings me happiness, don't doubt yourself please." @Lisafisher3333 added: "You are an amazing talent Alexandra!! Enjoy all you do!! Yes, never doubt yourself...and oh your personality shines on screen." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [INSIGHT]Virgin River's Jack star sparks frenzy as he makes social media return [REACTION]Virgin River’s Mel star pens support as crew member lands new role [INSIGHT]  @Katieas87 shared: "Amazing!! Can't wait to see you in the next seasons of Virgin River. You're amazing!!" @Fairyfay commented: "Wow, what a Hubbie, That is all you can ask for when life is a bit tough! That is what is important, support, love and kindness and you can fight anything xx."  Although Alexandra didn't reveal what project she was working on, it could be season five of Virgin River as it was announced they would start shooting in spring, summer. By December in 2020, many of the cast members, including Alexandra's on-screen partner Martin Henderson had confirmed season four had wrapped. "Even though a release date has yet to be announced, fans believe it could land in July as it would be one year since season three. Martin confirmed in February he was doing the final touches and was recording voice-overs in post-production. With filming for season five potentially underway, there could be a seven-month gap between both the fifth and fourth instalment as this is what happened with the last two. Virgin River is available to stream on Netflix. 