The man that brought Britain Brexit has been lurking in the political shadows for some time. But now, as the tanks from Moscow roll towards Kyiv, Mr Farage has found a new calling. This time Mr Farage is demanding a nationwide referendum on the Government's Net Zero targets.  In order to maintain the earth's average temperature below a liveable 1.5 degrees Celsius, the UK has enacted legislation to decarbonise the economy. The IPCC, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, projects that if the earth warms above 1.5 degrees then certain factors will come into play that will make many parts of the planet unliveable. Projections from most of the world's scientists conclude that global warming would create more life-threatening heatwaves and wipe out entire ecosystems worldwide. It would also see seas levels rise suddenly, threatening major coastal cities worldwide.   However, in a Mail on Sunday opinion piece, Mr Farage wrote that "the political class in Westminster" has taken the country down a "ruinous path" by committing to the Net Zero target without any public debate being held. He has now established Britain Means Business with Richard Tice, his co-founder at Leave Means Leave and the Brexit Party. The former Ukip leader demands a "plebiscite on this act of appalling self-harm". He added: "If we are not careful, the only zero will be the amount in people's bank accounts as we send our jobs and money overseas."    READ MORE: Russian millennials 'freaking out' after losing social media [INSIGHT] He claims that "green subsidies are shovelled straight into the bank accounts of rich landowners, wealthy investors and foreign-owned conglomerates who own much of the renewable energy sector". Low carbon initiatives are beginning to take effect in the UK with mass adoption of fossil fuel-free alternatives. Electric cars are becoming more common on the UK's roads, however, the independent Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has calculated the Government would need to impose carbon taxes to make up for the loss of fuel duty because of this consumer trend. However, writing in today's Mail on Sunday, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng argued that the United Kingdom needs to reduce its dependence on oil and gas, which renders it "vulnerable to Putin's malign influence on global markets".  DON'T MISS: Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin [INSIGHT]Shopkeeper told OAP his Lottery ticket was a loser to steal £130k win [REVEAL]Grandmother dies in car park after being 'blown over by helicopter' [ANALYSIS] Mr Kwarteng added: "With gas prices at record highs, and the price of renewable energy plummeting, we need to accelerate our transition away from expensive gas. "Now, more than ever, we must focus on generating cheaper, cleaner power in Britain, for Britain. "This is how we become energy independent in the long term." 