Jen Landon has taken to Instagram with a touching tribute to Julian McHahon, who has departed his role as Jess LaCroix in FBI: Most Wanted. Yellowstone star Jen has portrayed Jess’s girlfriend Sarah Allen since the second season of the CBS procedural, and will soon be reprising her role as Teeter in the Paramount Network’s hit Western drama. FBI regular Jen has said goodbye to co-star Julian, whose lead character Jess LaCroix was killed off in the latest episode. The Supervisory Special Agent was tragically killed off on Tuesday night’s episode, Shattered, midway through the third season. Jess was shot whilst pursuing a dangerous domestic abuser, and Sarah was delivered the crushing news by his colleagues Sheryll Barnes (played by Roxy Sternberg) and Hana Barnes (Keisha Castle Hughes). While his death came as a shocking blow for Sarah, fans were pre-warned of Julian’s departure back in January this year. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? As the latest episode rolled out on CBS, Jen posted a sweet image of the co-stars embracing as Sarah and Jess on Instagram. She wrote: “Tonight is @julianmcmahonofficial last episode of FBI: Most Wanted. “You will be missed by everyone,” she concluded, adding love heart and fire emojis. Her message to Julian drew several comments from her 114k Instagram followers who were distraught to see Jen’s co-star exit the series. @amandarosen1 replied: “I’m watching it now. I’m so sad he’s leaving.” “Such a heart-wrenching episode all the way through,” wrote @dvarrientos. “I can't believe he's gone! All the acting was spot on.” And @ash_will85 exclaimed: “Noooooooo!! Julian is the main reason I watch the show!!” In a statement released through Deadline, Julian thanked producers Dick Wolf and Peter Jankowski for their collaboration over the course of Most Wanted’s first three seasons. DON'T MISS:Drive to Survive: Claims Netflix ‘put in scenes that didn't happen' [COMMENT]Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch [INTERVIEW]NCIS: Gibbs’ replacement suspended as Parker’s past exposed? [THEORY] He continued: “I’m extremely proud of the work we have done together and put the development of this show, and my character Jess, at the top of my professional experience list. “I wish the show, and its cast & crew, the greatest success in the future. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to play Jess; he is a good man.” FBI fans who were crushed by Julian’s exit needn’t worry too much, as his role will soon be replaced by another major TV star. American Horror Story regular Dylan McDermott is set to take over as the show’s lead for the rest of season three. He has just wrapped up a recurring stint on the NBC crime drama, Law and Order: Organized Crime, the seventh series in Dick’s long-running Law and Order franchise. Dylan’s still unconfirmed character will join the series in episode 17, set to air on April 12, before which the rest of the team will struggle to cope without their leader. Meanwhile, Jen is expected to return to her Yellowstone role as Teeter once filming for the fifth season reportedly gets underway in May this year. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA now. A UK release date is yet to be announced. FBI: Most Wanted season 3 continues Tuesdays on CBS in the USA. New episodes will be released on NOW in the UK on March 22.