Lewis Hamilton has admitted that Mercedes may not be in a position to challenge for race wins until May at the earliest after struggling at pre-season testing in Bahrain. The Silver Arrows entered pre-season testing in Bahrain amid reports that they had found the magic formula in the simulator. A new, bold sidepod design was unveiled with everybody in the paddock wanting to take a closer look at the W13. But despite the impressive slimline design, neither Hamilton or George Russell appeared comfortable in the car. The W13 looked noticeably a more bumpy ride than the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari as Mercedes struggled to match the pace of their rivals. Christian Horner isn't quite buying it, suggesting that Mercedes still have plenty left in the bag.  All will become clear this weekend for the first race of the season in Bahrain. But Hamilton has doubled down on his belief that Mercedes won't be challenging for a race win. And the seven-time world champion doesn't think his team will have a strong enough package until May. "The testing has been difficult," Hamilton said at the 2022 Dubai Expo.  "It's crazy because, years ago, we used to have a lot of test days and now we only have, literally, three days (sic) in the car altogether? So it's not a lot of laps. "When we go into this race, this week, we're still learning about the car – we probably will be for the first four races at least. We've got a lot of problems. As you have seen, everyone's bouncing up and down. "It's interesting, because I was worried that, you know, I'm 37 now, so I'm racing against George [Russell], he's only 24, right? But he had problems and he was feeling it in his back. So it's not just an age thing!" Toto Wolff believes Mercedes are on the right track with their unique sidepod design, but admits changes will still need to be made. “I think we are really proud of what we have achieved in terms of concept, but now we need to make it go fast,” Wolff said. “I think it’s a development direction that we like, and it’s about tuning the car and so we are experimenting a lot, as we’ve done during the day, and approaching it with curiosity. “I think there [are still] issues that are… Bahrain-specific. It’s very hot, you see a lot of cars still bouncing – some on the straights, others through the corners – so it’s a tuning question. “And we haven’t really looked at performance data yet."