Paris Saint-Germain forward Kylian Mbappe furiously removed his thermal shirt and dispatched of it after his side had gone 1-0 behind against Monaco in Ligue 1 on Sunday afternoon. It was another miserable day for the blockbuster star and his team-mates as they went on to lose 3-0. PSG produced a lacklustre display at the Louis II Stadium as Ben Yedder opened the scoring for the hosts midway through the first half after he deflected Youssouf Fofana’s cross into the top corner. Mbappe then clearly felt it wasn’t a day for unnecessary thermals as he made his way to the side of the pitch and angrily stripped down, before returning to the action. But the forward’s decision about his attire clearly had no impact on his performance as he was unable to come up with the goods for the out-of-sorts French champions. Mbappe missed two good opportunities after the break as PSG searched for a way back into the contest. And their misery was compounded as Kevin Volland added a second for the hosts after being teed-up by Ruben Aguilar, before Yedder struck a third from the penalty spot. The result means PSG have now lost four consecutive away matches and the pressure is continuing to grow on manager Mauricio Pochettino. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'   Just two weeks ago, the Parisians blew a two-goal aggregate lead against Real Madrid to go crashing out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage. And PSG had been among the favourites to land the trophy after building a formidable squad at the Parc des Princes. Following PSG’s latest defeat, Mbappe suggested that fans only care about the fact his side are no longer vying for European honours this season. “They played well, congratulations to them,” the 23-year-old said. They’re a good team, a great club. “The goal is to get the 10th French title. We can win 8-0, 9-0 - people will talk about the Champions League. Whatever happens we must respect ourselves if we have a little bit of self-esteem. We also need to respect the fans.” DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)      Meanwhile, Pochettino has claimed that his side’s Champions League failure has had a big impact on his players. “It’s clear that the Champions League has done a lot of damage,” the former Argentina defender said after his side’s third league defeat in the last five games. “The team should clearly let go of all that - it’s stopping us from expressing our best productivity. This international break should allow for a change in mentality and put us back to where we should be. We have to come back with the responsibility that goes along with putting on this shirt.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 