Derry Girls hasn't been seen for three years, with the last series coming out in March 2019. During this time, actress Nicola Coughlan who plays Claire Devlin, has been in Netflix's hit romantic drama as Bridgerton as Penelope Featherington. As Bridgerton returns for its second season, excitement is also building for Derry Girls to return. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Derry Girls. Filming for Derry Girls season three had to be pushed back thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, explaining why there has been such a long break between series. Actress Coughlan took to Twitter in February 2021 to reassure fans new episodes were in the pipeline. She wrote: "Can confirm Series 3 of Derry Girls is filming this year and I cannae bloody wait. "Covid has pushed back filming several times which has been so s***e, but honestly the storylines in this series are the best we’ve ever done so I can’t tell you how worth it the wait will have been. [sic]" READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Coughlan also seemingly confirmed filming wrapping up at the end of December last year. Season three will be Derry Girl's final season so it was a particularly emotional post. She shared a cute Polaroid picture of herself with Orla McCool co-star Louisa Harland alongside two rainbow pin badges, a reference to Coughlan's character Claire "the wee lesbian". In the caption, the 35-year-old actress wrote: "Goodbye Derry Girls, it’s been quite a ride." As of yet, there has been no confirmation of an official release date for the third and final series of Derry Girls. The first trailer for this next season came out in mid-March 2022 which usually is the first sign there isn't too long to go before a show premieres. There has been no set pattern in terms of release dates so far with series one debuting in January 2018 and season two in March 2019. Thanks to the delay in filming, this has pushed the series three start date later than expected. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [THEORY]Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan details ‘crazy’ wardrobe malfunction [CAST]Bridgerton's Nicola Coughlan talks fears of ‘having nothing’ [EXPLAINER] But with filming officially wrapped up and a trailer now out, it could be just a matter of months before Derry Girls return. So fans could expect series three to premiere in late spring or early summer 2022. Express.co.uk will update this article once more information comes out. One of its stars has hinted towards what could happen in the final lot of episodes on social media. Actor Dylan Llewellyn who plays James Maguire has teased the will-they-won't-they dynamic between his character and Erin Quinn (Saoirse-Monica Jackson) at the end of season two. In December, he posted a clip of Erin walking through the school, followed by a snippet of him looking lovingly at her. Could it be that Erin and James will finally make a go of things in the third season? Derry Girls is available to watch on All4.