Sanditon fans were stunned when the ITV drama was cancelled after just one season back in 2019. After ongoing complaints and online campaigning, it was decided the Jane Austen drama would return for another series but this time on streaming service Britbox. Here's everything there is to know about the new cast members of Sanditon. Colonel Francis Lennox will be the first of two love interests who are determined to win Charlotte Heywood's (played by Rose Williams) heart. Described as a war hero, Colonel Lennox is seen floating away in a hot air balloon with Charlotte so it does appear they do hit it off. Actor Tom Weston-Jones most recently took on the role of General Zlatan in Netflix's Shadow and Bone. He has also been in Spooks, Copper, Not Safe for Work, Dickensian and Warrior. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby? Colonel Lennox will be battling it out for Charlotte's love with fellow newcomer Alexander Colbourne. She takes on the challenging role of being a guardian to two children who Alexander is the guardian of. Actor Ben Lloyd-Hughes is probably best known for playing Josh Stock in the teen drama Skins. Some of his other roles have been in the film Divergent, BBC's War and Peace as well as Industry. Alison Heywood is the younger sister of Charlotte in Sanditon who briefly made an appearance in the first series. This time around, she will have her own love story to tell with Captain Declan Fraser (Frank Blake) and Captain William Carter (Maxim Ays) falling at her feet. According to her IMDB page, actress Rosie Graham is a newbie in the entertainment industry. Her first and only role has been on Sanditon which she is now returning to. DON'T MISS...Car SOS stars open up on 'worst' project ever completed 'Got it wrong' [REACTION]How much is a Britbox subscription? [EXPLAINER]Sanditon season 2: Charlotte Haywood still 'heartbroken' by betrayal [CAST] Another new face in town is Charles Lockhart who will set his eyes on Georgiana Lambe (Crystal Clarke). He is an "enigmatic artist" but will Georgina be interested in getting to know Charles better. Actor Alexander Vlahos' biggest part to date has been as Philippe, Duke of Orléans, in the Canal+ television series Versailles. He currently also stars in Outlander season six on Starz as Allan Christie. Other cast members include: Charlotte Heywood - Rose Williams Captain Declan Fraser - Frank Blake Captain William Carter - Maxim Ays Augusta Markham - Eloise Webb Leo Colbourne - Flora Mitchell Sanditon season 2 premieres on Sunday, March 20, on Britbox.