Laura Kuenssberg suggested Chancellor Rishi Sunak "tied his hands tight" with the income tax pledge he made in his Spring Statement on Wednesday. The Chancellor shielded lower earners from the impact of the forthcoming national insurance hike, promising to cut income tax by 1p in 2024. Britain will also raise the amount of earnings exempt from social security tax payments by 3,000 pounds to 12,570 pounds in July, the same threshold as income tax. Ms Kuenssberg told BBC Politics Live: "I think today, no question it will keep quite a lot of people in the Tory party happy. "Because there'll be able to say look, we're cutting income tax. "Big caveat. He's promising to cut income tax in two years' time "I have to say I've never seen a Chancellor tie, not just his own or potentially successors, or a whole party's election campaigns...have their hands tied at this stage in the cycle." JUST IN: Rishi Sunak and his wife's huge fortune including spectacular Yorkshire mansion Mr Sunak offered help through the tax system for millions of workers as the cost-of-living crisis and war in Ukraine hit the economy. The Chancellor shielded lower earners from the impact of the forthcoming national insurance hike, cut 5p off fuel duty from Wednesday evening and promised to cut income tax by 1p in 2024. But he acknowledged the impact of inflation, which is at a 30-year high, and the global economic uncertainty caused by Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) downgraded growth in gross domestic product - a measure of the size of the economy - from the 6% forecast for this year at the time of the Budget in October to just 3.8 percent.  Mr Sunak stuck to his plan to increase national insurance contributions from next month, part of his plan to fund more spending on health and social care after the Covid pandemic. In his Spring Statement, he announced a reduction of one pence in the pound in the basic rate of income tax in 2024 while a cut in fuel duty of 5 pence per litre would start later on Wednesday and last until March next year. The Chancellor and Prime Minister Boris Johnson have been under pressure, including from lawmakers within their Conservative Party, to do more to help households as they struggle with the rising cost of living. Mr Sunak announced new forecasts showing the British economy will grow more slowly this year than previously predicted, hit by uncertainty caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and that inflation will be much higher. Inflation, as measured by the consumer price index, is now seen at 7.4 percent in 2022, compared with October's forecast of 4.0 percent. Earlier, data showed Britain's consumer price inflation hit a 30-year high of 6.2% last month, driven by soaring costs for energy and food, which poorer households especially may find hard to cut back on. The OBR forecast that gross domestic product would grow by 1.8 percent, 2.1 percent and 1.8 percent in 2023, 2024 and 2025. In October, the OBR had forecast growth of 2.1 percent, 1.3 percent and 1.6 percent over the next three years.