Yet journalists like Beth Rigby on Sky and Laura Kuenssberg on the BBC are still obsessed with this nonsensical Partygate. How many people working during the pandemic from their offices had a few drinks with mates? And the police, who don't have the time for any actual policing, are concentrating on all this idiocy, sending out questionnaires to be filled in by politicians and workers in Downing Street. At this time of enormous worry every politician in the House should be getting behind the leader. If you don't like him there's an election in a few years and you can vote to remove him, but now surely in the interests of everyone, this country should get behind Boris and show the rest of the world that we are a united sovereign nation. Thank Heavens we're out of the European dictatorship. They are not showing themselves to be the best, are they? I now see why this country is called Great Britain? -------------- EXCELLENT news: Lord Michael Grade will be the new chairman of television and radio watchdog Ofcom. He's an experienced media person and, hurrah, someone who hates the woke brigade. I couldn't be more delighted that this appalling trend to make sure nobody is upset will hopefully now cease. It's very worrying that freedom of speech is these days under threat. There seems to be a breed of people who watch and listen to programmes purely to be offended then try to get them removed. It's a dangerous trend. So good luck in the job Saint Michael, left. Hopefully the future of less regimented broadcasting is not too far away. -------------- WHAT A shocking company P&O Ferries is. It has taken advantage of its sacked workers and should suffer the wrath of the British people. I won't be using them again: there are many alternatives. Now we are free of that European malarkey we could insist all British boats are registered here. Other countries do it, so why don't we? One reason is that wanting to be a sovereign nation means we may have to interfere in some businesses. It's something that politicians of all persuasions don't like doing. But after an appalling demonstration by a company owned mainly by foreigners, it needs to be given a short sharp shock. We should be proud of our seafaring tradition and take it back inhouse. And if its shareholders don't like it... well, tough. -------------- ON MY radio show I get many calls from Scotland telling me that First Minister Nicola Sturgeon does not represent them and that politics is so polarised there it's difficult to get a true representation of what the people want. But if for argument's sake Scotland ever became independent I can't see how they would have enough money to a run the country. They would need their own armed forces and would struggle to join the European bunch. Nicola and the rest of the SNP are obsessed with turning the country independent, which would mean a drop in living standards and being cut off from the rest of the UK. Mind you, sinceWales is now also getting more independence-minded, and there's a suggestion Northern Ireland might eventually merge into Ireland, maybe we English should have a referendum to see whether we wish to stay part of the UK. -------------- LAST WEEK William and Kate were faced with demonstrators in Jamaica wanting the Royal Family to apologise for its past involvement in slavery and the couple's tour was marred with calls for reparations for the slave trade and suggestions more Caribbean nations would leave the Commonwealth. I'm getting very fed up with all this picking on the Brits. Compared to many nations around the world, we are angels. In the days of Empire, nations all over the planet were trying to control other countries and we did it better than anyone since the Romans. We also brought an enormous amount of modernisation to the world. Of course we wouldn't behave like that these days. Our views have changed on how we treat our fellow humans. But the world was different then. Our ancestors were different. In fact everything was different, so why don't we all agree that we are now in a future where mankind is hopefully more civilised? WE'VE HAD Extinction Rebellion, we've had Insulate Britain now we have Just Stop Oil, another bunch of half-educated student nutters who are blaming the world's problems on oil. According to them, it causes genocide, death and destruction. Some young idiot chained himself to the goal post of a premiership football game in this cause. I blame it on the university lecturers who obviously have no idea what ordinary people think, and I'm getting sick and tired of being lectured at by children who have no life experience. They've never had to work, pay bills or think about anyone other than themselves. Let's just get a grip. The green agenda has become a left-wing rant for those people who wish to tell everybody else how to behave. Not one socialist idea has ever worked. So by all means let's clean up the planet and have fewer children so resources are not so stretched, but let's not tell everybody they have to go back to the Stone Age.