George Russell has claimed Mercedes are “not out” of the hunt for the 2022 F1 title despite a horror start for the Silver Arrows. Russell’s fifth in yesterday’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix was the best he could do on pure pace as he struggled behind both Ferrari’s and Red Bull’s. Mercedes turned up to Saudi Arabia as their third-fastest car for the second weekend running, with Russell predicting they were around a second slower than their nearest rivals. However, Mercedes’ new man for 2022 believes the team can “overturn” their poor form and still challenge near the front. Mercedes have dominated F1’s turbo-hybrid era since 2014, winning eight constructors' trophies in a row. He said: “We are definitely not out of it but if we don't find some improvements there is no way we will be in with a shot of fighting for this championship. We have come away from the first two races as the third-best team and if we continue like this for the next five, six, seven races, we are still going to be within touching distance and there is no reason why we cannot overturn it. "But at the moment we are making baby steps and we need to take some big leaps and we are struggling to find that silver bullet to resolve the issues we have. I have no doubt when we do that we will find a chunk of lap time but it is easier said than done. READ MORE: Mercedes boss Toto Wolff makes defiant Red Bull and Ferrari vow "I don't see any reason why we will make any strides forward. We are the third-fastest team, closer to fourth than second, so it is going to be more of the same in the coming races." Russell now lies fourth in the drivers' standings, 23 points behind championship leader Charles Leclerc. Team-mate Lewis Hamilton is a further six behind after only scoring one point in Jeddah this weekend. However, Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff fired a warning to F1’s new frontrunners Ferrari and Red Bull after the race, claiming they will “not rest” until their car is competitive. DON'T MISSMercedes could bring upgrade to Australian Grand Prix [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton behind Russell as Leclerc leads Drivers' Championship [ANALYSIS]George Russell reacts to Lewis Hamilton's horrid Q1 exit in Saudi GP [COMMENT] Wolff said: “We were right in the middle of those fun games in the front, and talking as an F1 stakeholder and benefiting from a great show, that is really spectacular to look at. But on the other side, it is extremely painful to be not part of those fun games, and by quite a chunk of lap time deficit. “We're not going to rest until we are back in the mix. But you're absolutely right: it's no fun at all. [It’s] an exercise in humility, and it's going to make us stronger in the end, even though it's not funny right now.”