With spring and summer right around the corner, this is the time of year many slimmers begin to prepare for their holiday bodies. And for those who are looking to shift a few extra pounds, follow these simple preparation tips to ensure you stay motivated to accomplish your fitness goals. With coronavirus restrictions being lifted and countries opening their boarders to people all over the globe, travel sites have seen a "beyond positive" surge in holiday bookings. So, whether people want to get their summer bodies in ship-shape for a sun-soaked week on a beach, or hoping to fit into that summer dress again, here are some handy pieces of advice to get the ball rolling. Fitness expert Meenakshi Mohanty advises that developing a "personal strategy" for what you want to accomplish and when you want to accomplish it, is critical at the beginning of a person's journey to a healthier life, and she recommends implementing a regime at least three months before the target date, such as a planned vacation. "Make sure to be realistic; changing your body to appear fantastic for your vacation takes longer than you might expect – it won't happen on day one," she explained while writing for India TV. "You must consider the fact that your body evolves and that you will need to transition into different phases of action in order to maintain your progress toward your body goal." READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' There are multiple diets out there people hoping to lose a few pounds can try, but where to start? Doing research into your meal prep can be invaluable for hitting those future goals, but many diets share a similar make-up. Most diets will encourage a high intake of lean protein, such as chicken, turkey or white fish. Fruits and vegetables are to be kept as colourful as possible - experts advise never underestimate the power of a colourful diet. Healthy fats such as avocado, nuts, seeds, olive oil, dark leafy greens and whole grains, are also important to form a balanced diet and keep that weight off. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] Everyone knows how powerful that sun can be and when it's beating down, it can certainly take its toll in a matter of minutes. But not only is staying hydrated good for warning off sun-stroke and other heat related illnesses, water is an excellent source for speeding up the metabolism and clearing off hunger. The Eatwell Guide suggests everyone should aim for six-eight glasses of water and other liquids each day to replace normal water loss – around 1.2 to 1.5 litres. A key benefit of losing weight is keeping well hydrated throughout the day as it has been proven to improve your gut health, as well as overall health, and it helps slimmers feel more alert and vibrant. There's no doubting the power of exercise when it comes to weight loss, but sometimes there just isn't enough time in a person's busy day to get a workout in. If people wanting to lose weight are unable to get to at the gym or do a lengthy workout from home, cardio training alone can be a good substitute, depending on an individual's goals. In fact, many people now revert to high-intensity interval training (HIIT), which has been found to be one of the go-to workouts to raise heart rates and burn off some additional calories. HIIT can be done in a very short period of time, and is extremely successful when it comes to shedding the stones as this method increases your metabolism throughout the day. Even if a person is a seasoned fitness lover, never underestimate the importance of resting and allowing the body to recover. After a strenuous workout, the muscles need time to repair the microscopic tears in the tissue. When you rest, the muscles start to heal and grow back stronger, which ultimately aids progression as the next workout could be done with less effort. A good night's sleep also contributes to helping the body to function properly. Throughout the sleeping period, an increase in blood flow, oxygen and nutrients will help the muscles recover, repair and regenerate cells.  This last point is a critical element of people's journey to a fitter and healthier self. Gaining that all important confidence comes from a positive mindset, which will give people wanting to embark on a lifestyle change that push to reach to their goals.