Fence painting is a fundamental part of caring for your wooden panels, giving them a new lease of life with each coat of this glossy liquid. Not only will staining your garden fence make it look better than ever, but it will also protect the wood from common issues like algae, mould and discolouration. With the spring sunshine on its way, there’s no better time to re-stain your fence, but where should you begin? Before staining your fence, there are a few key products you will need on hand. Purchasing a premium fence stain is recommended to prolong the life of your fence without the need to paint over the wood. In addition to your fence stain product, you will also need: You should choose a warm, sunny day to stain your fence to ensure the panels have time to dry out between washing and staining. READ MORE: March gardening: 5 vegetables to plant this month Fence stain should always be applied to a clean canvas, so it is crucial not to skip the cleaning stage before applying your quality stain product. If your fence is new, a light spray of a jet washer should do the trick, with no need for soap-based products. For an older fence, you will need to undertake a more heavy-duty clean. Target mould, mildew and other unwanted debris by scrubbing with a diluted bleach solution. While wearing gloves, mix together one cup of bleach in a bucket of water and wash the panels down until visibly clean. Once your fence is clean, hose down with a jet washer and leave the panels to dry out completely before applying the stain. Even a little dampness could ruin the staining process completely. Depending on the size of your fence, you will need to find the appropriate tools to apply the stain. A medium-sized brush around four to five inches long should do, or use a comfortable roller for a quicker application. DON'T MISSWhen to plant peony bulbs - why now is the perfect time to plant [ANALYSIS]Inside Marcus Wareing's beautiful country home in East Sussex [PHOTOS]Aldi is selling a 'brilliant' rattan garden corner sofa for under £300 [NEWS] Once your fence is completely dry, it’s time to begin the staining process. Coat your brush or roller in the stain, and paint the panels from top to bottom. Try to master the technique using small, quick brush strokes to achieve a more even coverage. You might need to apply more than one coat of stain, though this will depend on the type of wood you are dealing with. Once you have applied the first coat, leave the stain to dry completely to spot any weak spots on the panels. After six to eight hours have passed since the first layer, it is safe to go back in with a top-up coat. One of the most important factors to consider when staining your garden fence is the type of wood you are working with. As a rule of thumb, fences built from cedar lumber can be stained right after they’ve been put up, whereas pressure-treated lumber should be left to dry thoroughly before staining. If you’re working with a newer fence, take care to avoid blotchy coverage - your fence might be too damp if your stain fails to stick. To make sure the wood is in optimal condition to be stained, consider using a moisture metre to measure the dampness of the wood. The wood must measure 12 percent or less to be considered stain-ready.