Jermain Defoe has emotionally explained his decision to retire from professional football - despite signing for League One side Sunderland just 51 days ago.  The London-born star, 39, made his professional debut in September 2000 for West Ham in a League Cup match, and scored in a 1-0 win over Walsall. His rapid rise in the English leagues saw him enjoy goal-filled spells with the likes of Tottenham - where he enjoyed two stints - alongside successful periods at Portsmouth, Sunderland, Rangers and Bournemouth. With 57 England caps and 20 goals to his name, Defoe is one of the most respected strikers to have graced the national game. But despite signing for Sunderland on January's deadline day, Defoe announced his retirement on Thursday just 51 days into his second spell at the Black Cats. And the former Tottenham hero emotionally detailed his reason to retire after a stellar career. "After 22 years in the game, I have decided to retire from professional football," Defoe started.  "It's been a really rough decision, and one I have discussed with my family and those closest to me. I made my professional debut at 17 years old in 1999, and I feel now is the right time to bow out. I have had an incredible journey, and have met some amazing people in the game. "Football will always remain in my blood, and it gives me great pride and satisfaction to look back on the blessed career that I've had. I now look forward to spending some quality time with my friends and family before moving forward on this next chapter in my career. Thank you to all the fans from each club I've played for. The love I have received and endured throughout my career will never be forgotten, and I will always have a special bond with you all. "Thank you also to my amazing team mates, coaches and staff for playing such an integral part in my career. Lastly, I want to say thank you to my mum. You gave me a ball at two years old, and you made me believe my dream could happen. All that I am is because of you, and I owe everything to you and God."  Defoe spent the latter parts of his career in North America in 2014 after signing for Canadian side Toronto FC, who ply their trade in the MLS. The diminutive forward scored 162 goals in the Premier League throughout his time in England, averaging a goal every three games. And with a League Cup and a Scottish Premiership to his name, the star will look back on a superb career. 