Personal Independence Payment (PIP) amounts will increase in April, when the 2022 to 2023 rates come into effect. The benefit is due to rise by 3.1 percent, which is in line with the September 2021 inflation figure.  PIP isn't the only benefit which will increase, as payments including Attendance Allowance, Disability Living Allowance (DLA) and Universal Credit will also rise. Personal Independence Payment is a sum which could help with extra living costs if a person has both: It's possible to get PIP even if the recipient is working, has savings, or gets most other benefits. READ MORE: NS&I explains why ‘newer Premium Bonds seem to win more frequently’ There are two parts to PIP, with these being a daily living part and a mobility part. The enhanced rate for the daily living component is currently £89.60 per week, and it'll increase to £92.40. The standard rate for this component is set to rise from £60 to £61.85. Meanwhile, the enhanced rate for the mobility component will change from £62.55 to £64.50. Whether a person gets one or both parts, and how much they get, comes down to how difficult the person finds everyday tasks and getting around. The daily living part relates to help with everyday tasks, while the mobility part refers to needing help with getting around. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will assess how difficult a person finds daily living and mobility tasks. In the assessment, for each task, the assessors will look at the following: While the rates are laid out as a weekly rate, PIP is usually paid every four weeks. The sum is tax-free, and income or savings won't affect the amount a person gets. As well as the monetary aspect, it may be people who get PIP qualify for other forms of support. For instance, people getting the mobility parts of PIP might be able to get a Blue Badge and/or a vehicle tax discount or exemption. Those getting the higher mobility rate of PIP may get a Motability Scheme vehicle. People getting either the daily living or mobility part of PIP can get a Disabled Persons Railcard. It may be some can get a discount on council tax and local bus travel too, and PIP recipients are directed to contact their local council to check. Additionally, if a person helps to care for the recipient, that person might be able to get either Carer's Allowance or Carer's Credit. More information on what other forms of support can be found on the Government website.