The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary last year, with members of the public and Royal Family sharing sweet photographs and anecdotes from the big day. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge started off as friends after meeting at St Andrew's University when they were 19, and with them both living in the same house, their relationship quickly blossomed.  The royal couple tied the knot in 2011, when Kate Middleton’s hair made headlines after the Duchess of Cambridge actually broke a 350-year-old tradition when she chose to wear her hair down. A sweet anecdote from the big day involves Prince William assisting his bride with her wedding hair – helping to move a 500-year-old mirror so that she could admire her blow dry. Hair stylist James Pryce explained to People that he gave her a blow dry in between the wedding ceremony and the Clarence House reception, but needed a bit of help from William. He said: “I wanted to show Kate the back of her hair, and I was struggling to walk with this 500-year-old mirror.  “[William] just said, ‘Let me give you a hand’ and I said ‘No, no, honestly,’ but he took one end and I’ve got the other and we’re shuffling along with this mirror — he’s great, he really is.” Kate Middleton, 40, joined the Royal Family in 2011 after the couple said “I do” in a spectacular ceremony at Westminster Abbey, with Kate wearing an ivory silk tulle Alexander McQueen wedding dress. When the Duke and Duchess announced their engagement in 2010, Prince William said: “Obviously we both have a very fun time together, both have a very good sense of humour about things, we're down to earth, we take the mickey out of each other a lot, and she's got plenty of habits that make me laugh that I tease her about.” According to the reports, the royal wedding made history as it broke several protocols from start to finish.  READ MORE: Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan In the wedding, Pippa Middleton and Prince Harry were elected Maid of Honour and Best Man. Both of the roles are not supposed to exist in royal weddings but were a part of the ceremony. Apart from this, the wedding saw double kisses that the newlyweds performed for the crowds from the Buckingham Palace balcony. The couple also chose to spend their wedding night at Buckingham Palace rather than jetting off for their honeymoon immediately.  DON'T MISS:BBC Newsnight: Putin 'addicted to steroids', claims Lord OwenRoyal expert draws contrast between Kate and DianaRussian oligarch nightmare as ALL luxury ships banned from Britain