Jac (played by Rosie Marcel) has been suffering for weeks on Holby City, wondering if her brain tumour will ever be removed or if it will kill her before a surgeon has the chance to save her. Elliot (Paul Bradley) returned to the BBC medical drama recently to tell his friend he would lead the procedure as her last chance of making it out of her ordeal alive. The beloved character is one of the fundamental pieces of the television drama but official spoilers have revealed the end of her story could be nearing and her death taking place before the last-ever episode would make the lead up to the finale one fans will never forget. The drama continues in upcoming scenes as Jac begins to say her final goodbyes to her colleagues and friends at the hospital. Elliot has every faith she will survive, however, having seen the scans and knowing a way he can remove the tumour in its entirety. Unfortunately, there is some opposition to his plan as not everyone on the wards of Holby City hospital is in agreement with the surgery going ahead. Just before they are going to go into theatre, the whole situation turns on its head as Elliot has a look at Jac's latest scan results. It shows the tumour has rapidly spread and this means his initial plan would no longer be feasible as it would be too dangerous. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena?  Knowing this is going to put Jac's life in jeopardy, Max McGerry (Jo Martin) urges Elliot to reconsider overseeing the operation. The beloved surgeon is torn over what to do but his friend urges him to carry on as she knows this is her last chance to tackle the tumour. Seeing how desperate her colleague is for the procedure to go ahead, Max agrees to it happening but tells Jac she must make the team aware of any symptoms which arise in the lead up to the surgery. However, the opposition comes in thick and fast as Sacha Levy (Bob Barrett) is unsure if Jac should put herself in such a perilous position. He tries to get Fletch (Alex Walkinshaw) on side but to no avail, leading Sacha to have a heart to heart with his friend. After their emotional discussion, Jac has a huge request for Elliot, who is gearing himself up to perform the life-saving surgery. The beloved character tells her friend she wants him to let her die on the operating table if the tumour is too complex to remove. Finally, the time comes for Jac to go under the knife in what could be one of her final scenes alive on the show before the finale airs. But Elliot and Sacha both make separate discoveries about their friend, which changes the game completely in the lead up to the procedure. Could it be Jac is unable to have the operation because the tumour is so advanced there is no way it can be removed without a fatality? DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [INTERVIEW]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] It could also be Jac just has hours left to live, with the latest episode ending with the beloved character passing away surrounded by her loved ones. The finale could therefore be a tribute to the character, who her colleagues and fans have come to love over the years. Speaking of the show's final episodes, the actress who plays Jac, Rosie, has expressed her eagerness to see what viewers think. Rosie explained: "The final episodes I think are some of the best we've ever done. "Our show has been incredible throughout the years, but because we had this decision forced upon us, it made us go, 'Sod them – we're going to do this to the best of our ability', and we've delivered something outstanding." The actress also told Inside Soap of her reaction to the news the show was being taken off the air after 23 years. Rosie said: "The whole thing is really upsetting, in all honesty. "I think the scripts are amazing, and I have no doubt in my mind that the audience is going to find the final two episodes very dramatic and fitting. "However, I can't lie and say that I wasn't angry about Holby ending without warning, without reprieve, or the opportunity to fight. "For this to happen at a time when we were outperforming our sister shows and EastEnders, it felt like a very big blow to all of us, and it still does." Ahead of the final episode airing next week, another hint has been dropped it could be the end of Jac in Tuesday night's episode. A synopsis for the finale has been released and it reads: "As the reverberations of Jac’s surgery impact around Darwin and beyond, will life on Wyvern Wing ever be the same again? "A wounded Dom feels more left out than ever after learning Josh and Ange have closed him out of their family crises. "Donna and Hanssen rally around Lexy after bad news, but she’s determined to seize the day," it concludes. Holby City continues tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One.