An average of 11 million people tuned in to watch EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis win the Glitterball Trophy with Giovanni Pernice in last year's Strictly Come Dancing final, and fans are eagerly awaiting the 2022 series. The line-up for this year's show starts getting announced in August where the celebrities are paired with their professional dancers, but rumours have already been circulating about potential contestants. And the bookies now believe Mike Dean will be taking to the dancefloor for the upcoming series.  The referee looks set to put his cards away for good later this year following a Premier League career that has spanned more than 20 years. Mike has overseen 553 matches in total while issuing 114 red cards in the process. Over the decades, he has become infamous for his no-nonsense approach to players on the pitch. The referee is likely to continue as a full-time VAR official following his retirement. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?   Mike was expected to quit at the end of last season but Mike Riley, PGMOL general manager, convinced him to stay for another year to help younger officials rise through the ranks. Following his announcement, bookmaker Coral has slashed Mike's odds to be a Strictly Come Dancing contestant to 3-1. His odds before the retirement news were at 12-1 by the bookies. Will he decide to swap the pitch for the dancefloor when Strictly returns to BBC One?   Last year the judging panel consisted of Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel-Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke. Former Strictly pro Anton was standing in for Bruno Tonioli who was filming Dancing With The Stars in America at the time. It has not been officially announced whether Anton will return to the judging panel next year. Shortly after Anton was announced as Bruno's replacement, he told The Sun: "They may say, 'Anton was great, we don't need you.'  DON'T MISS...Strictly's Dianne and Joe convince fans they will announce engagement [LATEST]Strictly's AJ Odudu causes a stir as she strips down to leopard bikini [UPDATE]Gordon Ramsay fires back at criticism over crying on Strictly [MUST SEE]  "I'll do something else. It's like James Bond actors, I've done my stint. "You cannot be desperate, if you start down that path you'll go insane. I won't be second best." A professional dancer who will not return for the next series is Oti Mabuse who has won the Glitterball Trophy twice. The South African dancer told fans earlier this year she “can't put into words how difficult this decision has been”.  A statement issued by Strictly Come Dancing read: "Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. "Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show's most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. "She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. We couldn't be prouder of Oti and what she's achieved. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year on BBC One. 