The former All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential aspirant, Adamu Garba, has claimed Africa needs World War 3 more than any other continent. He claimed another world war would give Africa a big advantage. In a Facebook post last month, the APC member said the African continent was reeling in poverty and abandonment because it was nothing during World War 1 and World War 2. Mr Garba wrote: “Most of you don’t know that Africa needs the Third World War more than every other continent on the planet. “We were nothing in the first and the second, that’s why we remained poor and abandoned. "WW3 is an opportunity for Africa.” His comments sparked outrage online will many people blasting the former African politician. One person, Wale S Akerele, tweeted: "I don't know who you are but the world doesn't need any war right now. "I was told you contested for president in 2019. "Your thinking is too shallow. "Look at the effect of COVID-19." READ MORE: UK dithers over how to handle Russia ships at ports Another person, Grant Mark, commented on Facebook: "Please Have knowledge of contemporary events. "For your information, no human being will survive world war 3 due to the destructive capabilities of the weapons that are available in the hands of the world powers and are ready to be used in moments. "There will be no Africa as we know it after World War 3. "And there will be no other continents as we know now. DON'T MISS Putin nuclear warning as Russian leader tipped to drop bomb near UK [INSIGHT] Pakistan and Russia strike gas deal as pair form ‘new world order’ [COMMENT] Massive cloud of thick smoke erupts over Kyiv after Russian strike [REVEAL] "Maybe only a handful of genetic." Emmanuel Alli added: "I think you need to shut up. Cos you seem not to understand the gravity of what you are talking about. "If an imbecile is saying this, I will not complain, but for someone like you to have uttered this statement, your condition is far and worse than an imbecile. "The problem is that you undermine the effect of WW3 on Nigeria at all levels. "It may be doom for your lineage if WW3 should happen. "I don't know why we have too little brain trying to rule Nigeria." Umunname Stanley wrote: "So people have to die in their millions for you to get an opportunity to be successful? "With all due respect sir you are a mad man." His comments come after Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. As of Sunday night, Ukraine's interior ministry reported 352 civilian deaths, including 14 children. Overnight, at least 11 people were killed by Russian rocket attacks on the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, according to Ukrainian officials. More than 500,000 people have fled the country since the invasion, another UN official said on Monday – among the millions who have left their homes.