Britons are encouraged to save with the Help to Save scheme which is aimed to help those on low incomes specifically. The Help to Save scheme allows people on a low income, or who claim certain benefits, to open a special account to help them add to their savings. The scheme is available to 3.5 million British people who are claiming Universal Credit, Working Tax Credits and Child Tax Credits. It is a state-operated initiative that gives people a bonus of 50p for each £1 they save over a period of up to four years. People with the account are allowed to take money out of it, but the catch is that the bonus payout is determined by the highest amount of money that is put in. Even people who are unable to save money at the moment should open an account whilst they are eligible, because putting money into it is not mandatory. READ MORE: 'I don't know if I can afford to eat' - Dave Ramsey suggests how widow, 77, can get by  “A third are single parents. MoneySavingExpert was found to be a key source of awareness of the scheme." It added: "Customer views on Help to Save are overwhelmingly positive, with a significant majority recommending the scheme to others." People can read the full report on Help to Save on the GOV.UK website. People can save between £1 and £50 each month. For example, if someone has saved £50 by April 21, they will not be able to pay into their account again until May 1. To receive the maximum £1,200 bonus, someone would need to put away £50 a month for four years. At the end of year two and year four, people are paid a 50 percent bonus. It's deposited into an easy access account, so savers can make withdrawals if they need to. The total amount saved over the four years would be £2,400, which the Government adds £1,200 to. It's estimated around 500,000 households may now be eligible to claim Universal Credit, when they weren’t previously, following a number of rule changes. However, many people claiming benefits are not aware of the Help to Save scheme which has been specifically designed to help them by boosting their savings by 50 percent. UK residents are entitled to open a Help to Save account if they are:• Receiving Working Tax Credit or Child Tax Credit• Entitled to Universal Credit and have earned income of at least 16 hours a week at the National Living Wage (from April 1, 2021, this is equivalent to £617.76 a month) in the previous assessment period 