Visceral fat can present serious health risks and has been linked to an increased risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes. Visceral fat is stored within the abdominal cavity and is therefore in close proximity, often wrapping itself around a number of important internal organs such as the liver, pancreas and intestine.  Though too much body fat anywhere is bad for you, visceral fat is particularly bad as it raises your risk of a number of serious medical conditions. The NHS states: “The best way to lose weight if you're obese is through a combination of diet and exercise, and, in some cases, medicines. See a GP for help and advice.” The health body adds: “Measuring your waist is a good way to check you're not carrying too much fat around your stomach, which can raise your risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes and stroke. “You can have a healthy BMI and still have excess tummy fat, meaning you're still at risk of developing these conditions.” READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms - the three unusual signs you need more B12 in your diet  Nuffield Health notes that body mass index (BMI), while still useful, has come under increasing scrutiny for not being a full representation of body composition or health. Indeed, the NHS notes: “Your BMI can tell you if you're carrying too much weight, but it cannot tell if you're carrying too much fat.” The Berkeley Health Nutrition Action said: “Cutting back to 100 calories (6½ teaspoons) a day for women and 150 calories (9½ teaspoons) a day for men might mean slimmer waistlines and a lower risk of disease.” It states more evidence suggests that sugary beverages” can "plaster on the pounds”.  The NHS states: “Eating too much sugar can make you gain weight and can also cause tooth decay.” The UK Government recommends adults should have no more than 30g of free sugars a day, (roughly equivalent to seven sugar cubes). It says: “If you're overweight, changes to your diet and physical activity levels are the first step to helping you lose weight. “Your GP or practice nurse can help you assess your current diet and levels of physical activity, and set personal goals for change.”   The NHS says extra weight causes fat to build up around vital organs, making it harder for the body to fight against diseases like cancer, heart disease and now COVID-19. If you are overweight or living with obesity, lowering your weight can help reduce your risk of developing serious diseases. Harvard Health says: “Studies have shown that you can help trim visceral fat or prevent its growth with both aerobic activity (such as brisk walking) and strength training (exercising with weights). “Spot exercises, such as sit-ups, can tighten abdominal muscles but won't get at visceral fat. Exercise can also help keep fat from coming back.”  It also lists other factors to avoid: 