During her life, the only sibling to Queen Elizabeth II enjoyed all the immense privileges of being royal, but she also found some parts of being in the royal family extremely difficult. After more than 50 years of heavy smoking and drinking, even following the death of her father George VI, the royal’s lifestyle caught up with her and she suffered from various health ailments including migraines, laryngitis, bronchitis, hepatitis, pneumonia and a lung cancer scare. More shockingly however, were the strokes that the Princess suffered from between 1998 to 2002.  The royal’s first stroke occurred in 1998 whilst she was on holiday in Mustique, a private island in the Caribbean. Although spokespeople at the time remained adamant that the Princess’ stroke was nothing serious, with her able to “walk from her car across the Tarmac to the plane” and that “she was also sitting on the plane, there was no need for a stretcher,” the stroke marked the start of the royal’s declining health. In December 2000, the Princess was ill while staying with the royal family at Sandringham in Norfolk and was reported to be depressed and confined to her bedroom. The palace eventually conceded that she was thought to have suffered another stroke, but Doctors later said that she was still suffering from the after effects of the first stroke.  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Symptoms in the face that signal a lack of B12 The Princess’ last public appearance came in December 2001, when she attended the 100th birthday celebration of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester. A few months later in February 2002, she suffered another stroke and died in her sleep the following day at King Edward VII Hospital. Her funeral took place on February 15, 2002, 50 years to the day after the funeral of her father in the exact same location, St. George's Chapel in Windsor. A stroke is a serious medical condition that strikes every five minutes in the UK. It can affect anyone and there are multiple different types including:  The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention explains that ischemic strokes account for 87 percent of all strokes and occur when blood flowing through the artery that supplies oxygen-rich blood to the brain becomes blocked. It is blood clots at these sites that lead to stroke. A hemorrhagic stroke happens when an artery in the brain leaks blood or ruptures (breaks open). The leaked blood puts too much pressure on brain cells, which damages them. These leaks of blood can cause aneurysms and subsequently a hemorrhagic stroke. A transient ischemic attack (TIA), sometimes called a “mini-stroke” is different from the major types of stroke because blood flow to the brain is blocked for only a short time—usually no more than five minutes. However, recognising that you or someone you know has had a TIA and receiving treatment can reduce the risk of another, potentially more dangerous stroke from occurring.  The Stroke Association uses the FAST test to help individuals recognise the signs of a stroke. These include: The test helps you to identify the three most common symptoms of stroke, but there are others that are also a cause for concern: Treatment for a stroke depends on the type of stroke an individual has suffered from and which parts of the brain have been affected. Typically, the condition is treated with medication which helps to prevent blood clots and reduce blood pressure. In some cases, procedures may be required to remove blood clots and to treat brain swelling to reduce the risk of further bleeding. 