The list of home improvements people want to do can seem never ending, which is why many may look for DIY shortcuts. However, homeowners are being warned against certain hacks by Toolstation, who spoke to over 100 trade professionals for their opinions on the jobs which should be avoided in the home, including trying to stop a water leak. When it comes to home inspiration and DIY tips and tricks, many turn to social media, including sites such as TikTok. One video on the social media site showed a user placing an epoxy ball into a pipe to stop a water leak. However, trade professional have said this could lead to water contamination as there is also no way of controlling how the ball will act once it is placed inside the pipe. One expert who spoke to Toolstation said: “I feel that will not work and for the UK you will be contaminating the water supply as you have introduced foreign body into the water supply. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “I think you would need to recheck your water regulations.” Another plumber said: “I’m not sure I would risk trying this on a customer’s property, I would cut out the leaking pipe and replace it.” One hack online shows a way of putting up wallpaper in ladder formations. However, experts are warning people to avoid this hack because it can leave marks on the wall once the paper is removed. DON'T MISS:‘Essential’ jobs for a ‘successful year’ in the garden [EXPERT]Small changes can make your home ‘more attractive’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘trick’ to remove ‘nasty’ vacuum smells [EXPLAINER] One painter and decorator told Toolstation: “If it is a rental and you can’t decorate, the painter’s tape and double-sided tape will leave ladder marks. “The longer it is left up, the worse it will be. ‘It is not a hack I would use. I would go back to the landlord and ask permission to paper a feature wall.” Another expert said: “So many things wrong with this! You can’t use double-sided tape in selected areas and leave air pockets behind the paper.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea One social media video shows a low budget guide to building a kitchen island. However, the trade professionals have said it could be prone to collapse and homeowners should only attempt this if the build is safe. One kitchen installer said: “Such poor quality finishes, not really suitable for the usage it will get in a kitchen. “Not too bad an idea if you can’t really afford anything better.” Experts are also warning against removing flow restrictors from a showered as well as using honey to stick a pad to a sander. A spokesperson at Toolstation commented: “The internet, especially places like TikTok, can be a great place when it comes to homeware hacks that can save time and money. “However, some of the most complex problems you might encounter in your home really requires a professional to evaluate what the best course of action is. “We wanted to speak to experts about some of the most viral hacks on the internet to see what is recommended and which you might need a professional for. “Remember there is absolutely no shame in calling a tradesperson out if you’re not confident in doing it yourself. “Not only can you be sure the job is done right, but it might also prevent some stress in the long run.”