A Russian cruise missile struck the Mykolaiv Regional State Administration building. Seven people were killed in the attack in the city of Mykolaiv near the Black Sea. Head of Administration Vitaliy Kim was one of the lucky ones. The strike on Wednesday morning left a gaping hole in the building. Rescue workers continue to search through the rubble and debris. Reuters reports a further 22 were injured when the rocket hit the office building, with many being pulled from the rubble by emergency workers. Ukraine’s Strategic Communications and Information Team tweeted: “Russian military shelled the Mykolaiv Regional State Administration building, head of the administration Vitaliy Kim says.  “According to Kim, several dozen people managed to leave the building. “The rescue team is searching the rubble for eight civilians and three servicemen. #StopRussia.” Local media confirmed the building had been destroyed but the head of administration was unhurt. A local outlet reported "Vitaliy Kim says he was not in office" as he "overslept”. Major Kim shared still images from CCTV footage which showed the Russian cruise missile seconds before the explosion.  READ MORE: Russia's top secret spy mission aboard Soyuz rocket laid bare Speaking in a video shared on social media, Mr Kim said: "It's early and already terrible things have happened. "They waited until people went to work and then they hit. I overslept. "But I am up now." It comes as President Zelensky warned Russian forces are murdering and abducting officials in cities throughout the country DON'T MISS: Putin humiliation as generals hide truth [INSIGHT]Germany on red alert: 'Early warning stage' of gas emergency declar... [COMMENT]Ukraine War LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops forced to retreat [LIVE]  Speaking from Kyiv, he accused Moscow’s forces of kidnapping mayors and then leaving them dead or missing. The mayor of the occupied city of Melitopol, Ivan Federov, was reportedly abducted by Russian troops earlier this month. Federov has since been freed in a 'special operation' in which young prisoners of war were reportedly exchanged with Russia. President Zelensky described the Russian abductions of Ukraine's mayors as "a sign of the weakness of the invaders". 