The latest Quordle puzzle is available for the next 24-hours, so get your thinking caps on, and start guessing those words. Quordle tasks players with figuring out four different words in just nine attempts. Think of it as Wordle on steroids. If you're struggling to work out any of the answers for Quordle 65 on March 30, then head to the bottom of the page for some spoiler-free hints and clues. Good luck, you're going to need it. The aim of Quordle is to figure out four different words in just nine attempts. Much like Wordle, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles if you're to succeed. If the tiles turn grey, then the letter doesn't appear in the word you are guessing. If it's yellow then the letter appears, just not in that particular spot. Finally, green tiles mean the letter appears in that exact position. The twist with Quordle is that when you guess a word it will appear in all four answer boxes. You can solve them in any order, so keep an eye on everything, because you may be able to knock out the third word before you've guessed the first one. One strategy is to get as many vowels in your opening guess as possible. Try words like ADIEU or AUDIO in your first attempt, as these letters will appear in more words. If you're not able to solve the first Quordle word in your second guess, then choose a word with five completely different letters in order to maximise your chances of solving each puzzle. Be sure to check back with Express Online each day for all the latest Wordle and Quordle clues. Quordle hints for word 1... 1. The first word starts with the letter M. 2. The first word contains two vowels. 3. You deserve high praise if you manage figure this word out. Quordle hints for word 2... 1. The second word starts with the letter T. 2. The second word contains just one vowel. 3. I'd like to think readers believe in my clues. Quordle hints for word 3... 1. The third word starts with the letter T. 2. The third word contains two vowels. 3. Struggling with the third word? Perhaps you should see a fortune teller. Quordle hints for word 4... 1. The fourth word starts with the letter G. 2. The fourth word contains two different vowels, although one of them appears twice. 3. Something you might wildly chase.