The Russian President has in recent days sent his family to find cover in Siberia, it has been claimed. His destination: a luxury high-tech bunker in the Altai Mountains was designed for protection in the event of nuclear war. Professor Valery Solovey, 61, formerly a professor at Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO), made the outlandish claims this week. Prof Solovey is known for his colourful predictions and claims, previously alleging that Putin is suffering from a secret illness hidden from the public. Many have described the professor as a conspiracy theorist or hoaxer. But last week, he was interrogated for seven hours by Russian authorities due to allegations he made about Putin's medical and mental condition on a Telegram site he operates, according to the Daily Mail. His latest claim comes as Russia launches an all-out missile attack on Ukraine's second city, Kharkiv, while a lengthy convoy of Russian military vehicles descends on the capital, Kyiv. In a video shared via East2West, Prof Solovey said: "At the weekend, President Putin's family was evacuated to a special bunker prepared in case of nuclear war. "This bunker is located in the [mountainous] Altai Republic. "In fact, it is not a bunker, but a whole underground city, equipped with the latest science and technology. "I hope this means something to you? JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale "That the President sends his family to this bunker." He is believed to be referring to a sprawling mountain home built by majority state-owned energy company Gazprom some ten years ago. It is located in the Ongudaysky district of the Altai Republic, a region of Siberia bordering Mongolia, China and Kazakhstan. According to the Mail, observers have noted "multiple ventilation points" in the grounds surrounding the hideout. There is also said to be a high voltage line linked to a modern 110 kilovolt substation — enough to power a small city. DON'T MISS Elon Musk activates Starlink over Ukraine as rockets fall on Kyiv  [REPORT] Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video [INSIGHT] Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia [ANALYSIS] Prof Solovey failed to identify any of Putin's family members that he claims have travelled to the bunker. He has previously alleged that Olympic Gold-winning rhythmic gymnast Alina Kabaeva, 38 is the Russian leader's secret spouse. He said: "This is his real family, and Alina is capable of influencing his decisions." Putin has two adult daughters: Maria Vorontsova, 36, a geneticist, and Katerina Tikhonova, 35, a mathematician.  Meanwhile, in response to his actions in Ukraine, Russia has been hit with several economic sanctions by powers around the world. The EU, UK and US have all slapped on potentially suffocating restrictions on Moscow's economy, as well as targeting individuals believed to have connections to Putin. The three, as well as Canada, have agreed to prevent the Russian central bank from deploying its €640billion (£540billion) of international reserves “in ways that undermine the impact of our sanctions”. Efforts are being described as an economic war — they aim to isolate the country and create a deep recession there. Western leaders hope the unprecedented measures will bring about a change in thinking in the Kremlin. Normal Russian people are now believed to be feeling the effects of the sanctions, seeing their savings wiped out as inflation grips the country, their lives disrupted.