 Ben Shephard welcomed four new contestants onto ITV's Tipping Point on Monday afternoon. Ben, Lee, Diane and Shannon were the players battling it out in a bid to win a cash prize. However, as the game got underway, Ben was quick to criticise Diane’s tactics as she began making multiple errors.   In a quick-fire questions round, Diane swiftly passed on four out of seven questions. As soon as the round came to an end Ben laughed: “Ohh you like passing Diane!” Attempting to justify her actions, Diane explained: “Well if I don’t know it and I know I’m not going to know it I might as well pass it before you get to the end.” However, Ben disagreed and suggested she was passing too quickly on some questions she probably would have got the right answer for. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?   Airing his frustrations, the presenter remarked: “Yeah, I think you passed on one when you would have known it.” “Sometimes you do it a bit quick,” Diane replied. “Totally. I understand,” Ben said, before confirming she had answered three questions correctly. Having earned herself three counters in the quick-fire round, Diane then proceeded to drop them into the Tipping Point machine.   However, Ben seemed to get frustrated with her gameplay as he watched Diane make more mistakes. He suggested Diane was dropping her counters at the wrong moment, causing them to ride on top of others. “You’re timing’s a bit off I’m going to be honest, Diane,” Ben commented. Diane agreed with the quiz host that she hadn’t quite timed her drop correctly. DON'T MISS...Time season 2: When will the Sean Bean series return? [INSIGHT]EastEnders twist as Chelsea Fox 'given heartbreaking health diagnosis' [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield apologises to disability activist over This Morning [MUST SEE]  Ben explained: “You’ve only got three now and that just drops and rides. “You’re not giving yourself much of a chance,” he added. As Diane dropped another unsuccessful counter into the machine Ben reiterated: “We’re not getting anything out yet, Diane.” With her final counter of the round, the contestant chose to swap to a different drop zone, leaving Ben stunned. The presenter exclaimed: “You’re going to change it up and go for drop zone four?”    Despite still struggling to get her timing right, Diane’s counter miraculously landed flat in the machine. “Thank goodness for that,” she said, with Ben adding: “Yeah, I’m as surprised as everybody else.” The successful drop into the machine managed to earn her nine more counters and secure her place in the penultimate round. However, Diane was eventually knocked out of the game and missed out on the final. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV. 