Netflix’s world-renowned science-fiction horror series, Stranger Things, will soon be returning with its fourth season. Ahead of its highly-anticipated comeback, fans have been consistently creating theories about which direction the thriller could go in and the showrunner recently acknowledged the accuracy of one of the most popular ones.  Stranger Things became an instant success after it landed on Netflix in 2016, with its premise of young friends in the 1980s on an adventure often compared to ‘The Goonies’. However, the show quickly proved its distinctiveness after it took several unexpected turns which left viewers enthralled. With the five friends starting the first season as 12 year-olds, fans can expect season four to take a dramatic shift as they enter adulthood The upcoming instalment will be set apart from the past seasons as the show’s co-creator Ross Duffer confirmed the accuracy of popular fan theories. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? Speaking to Netflix’s Tudum publications, Duffer remarked fans “will be happy” with the season four storyline when it eventually premieres in May. He also acknowledged how the theories circulating about the upcoming season were “startingly” accurate. Duffer said: “I’m constantly impressed with how sharp the fans are and how quickly they’re able to put something together with very, very little information.” Many viewers use social media platforms and forums such as Reddit which allows conversations with others in the fan club  Speaking on the huge difference season four will entail Duffer recalled: “When we pitched it to Netflix all those years ago, we pitched it as the kids are…’The Goonies’ in ‘E.T.’ He explained: “That’s their storyline, the adults are in ‘Jaws’ and ‘Close Encounters’ and then the teens are in ‘Nightmare on Elm Street’ or ‘Halloween’.” The co-creator continued: “But, this year, we don’t have the kids, we can’t do ‘The Goonies’ anymore. “So, suddenly, we’re leaning much harder into that horror movie territory that we love. It was fun to make that change.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne [THEORY]Stranger Things star lands huge role away from Netflix drama [INSIGHT]When is Stranger Things season 4 coming out? [INSIGHT] Stranger Things follows the lives of five friends and their families who were up against supernatural forces and a corrupt government. In season three, they were able to expose Russian conspiracy plots while going head-to-head with the forces of Hawkings and The Upside Down. Season three ended with the fan-favourite Hopper (David Harbour) meeting his death as self-sacrifice. However, viewers exposed a number of clues which pointed towards his survival.  This is just one example of a fan theory which came true as a teaser clip for Stranger Things season four revealed Hopper was, in fact, alive. The official synopsis for the upcoming instalment reads: “It’s been six months since the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. “Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time and navigating the complexities of high school hasn’t made things any easier. “In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down.” Stranger Things season four will premiere on Friday, May 27, on Netflix. 