UK inflation is at its highest rate in almost 30 years. This has created a cost of living rise which is putting added pressure on households across the country. Now could be the time to consider releasing some of the equity tied up in your home. For retirees, or those approaching retirement, there is no wage increase around the corner to soften the blow of the rise in cost of living. This means they will have to make their money go further by dipping into savings or using pensions or other assets that they may have available. For many people, their home is their biggest asset. With the continued rise in property prices across the UK – up 23 percent in the last 5 years – an increasing number of people are releasing the equity that has built up in their homes. If you’re a homeowner aged 55 or over, you could release from a minimum of £10,000 up to 58 percent of the value of your property. Every year thousands of homeowners aged 55 and over release tax-free money from their homes. According to figures from the UK’s No1 equity release broker*, Age Partnership, in 2021 more than 36 percent of their customers use equity release to pay off their mortgage. This frees up money that would have otherwise gone on monthly repayments, to help them combat the rising cost of living. With a growing range of flexible options and low rates, there are equity release plans available for a range of different personal circumstances. It’s important to note that equity release is not right for everyone, which is why you seek specialist advice. If you’re thinking about equity release but don’t know where to turn for advice, Express have teamed up with Age Partnership to offer an equity release service. Their equity release advisors will tell you everything you need to know about equity release and explore all your options to make sure it’s right for you. They will also explain the effect on the amount of inheritance you can leave and if your entitlement to means-tested benefits could be affected now or in the future. Find out more by requesting a free brochure. How long will it take to receive the money? Through the Express equity release service you will be provided with a free equity release quotation outlining what equity release could mean for you. You’re under no obligation to proceed with anything that is recommended to you. If you’re happy to proceed, the tax-free money that you release could be in your bank in as little as 8 weeks for you to enjoy spending, or to help with the increase in cost of living. Only if you choose to proceed and your case completes would a typical fee of £1,795 be payable. Equity release requires paying off any existing mortgage. It may involve a home reversion plan or a lifetime mortgage, which is secured against your property. Although there are no monthly repayments required with equity release, any money released, plus accrued interest, would be repaid upon death or moving into long-term care. To understand the features and risks, ask for a personalised illustration. ---------------------------------------- * Based on the volume of plans from a panel of lenders Q1 2021 – Q3 2021 Correct at time of publication. The Express Money Equity Release service is provided by Age Partnership Limited, 2200 Century Way, Thorpe Park, Leeds LS15 8ZB. Company registered in England and Wales No. 5265969. VAT registration number 162 9355 92. Age Partnership Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. FCA registered number 425432 and is trading as Age Partnership. We offer a comprehensive range of equity release products from across the market.