Poppy Reardon was in a branch of the supermarket in Aintree, Liverpool when she died in the “tragic accident”. The inquest heard how the little girl was being carried by her dad when she started chewing on the plastic zip toggle on the Nike running jacket he was wearing. The toggle then became detached from the jacket and Poppy swallowed it. The girl then choked on the object as her panicked parents tried to save her. Coroner Julie Goulding said the little girl was “accidentally asphyxiated when she choked on the toggle she’d bitten off a top worn by her father”, the Liverpool Echo reported. Emergency services rushed to the scene and took Poppy to hospital but it was tragically “not possible to resuscitate her”. An off-duty paramedic David Fitzmurphy, who was shopping in the store at the time, also tried to resuscitate Poppy. He said he had stepped out of the store to make a phone call when his partner told him a girl inside was choking and “going blue”. He rushed into the store and began mouth-to-mouth on the girl as her “really distressed” parents, Rhian Reardon and Conor Mulhaney (known as Conor Clarke), desperately tried to help. An off-duty operating department practitioner also started CPR on the girl before paramedics rushed her to Alder Hey Hospital. Poppy was reportedly in cardiac arrest when she arrived at the hospital and was “not breathing on her own” and showed “no signs of life”, the inquest heard. Despite repeated attempts at CPR and shots of adrenaline, Ms Goulding said it was not possible to resuscitate her. The coroner concluded that Poppy’s death was a “tragic accident” and sent her “deepest condolences to the young family and friend for their very tragic and sad loss”. Poppy and her parents had been shopping at the Asda store on the evening of August 10, 2021. The family had been buying supplies for an upcoming camping trip they were set to take the following day. The hearing heard the Nike top Poppy’s dad had been wearing on the day of the tragedy was designed for adults and had been distributed globally with “no other similar issues”. The coroner said that the clothing item complied with all relevant UK and international standards.