The two-hour fundraising event will be broadcast on ITV from Birmingham’s Resort World Arena at 8pm tonight (Tuesday, March 29). The appeal will bring big names in music to spread messages of hope and support while the Russian-Ukraine conflict continues. With no sign of ceasefire, Russia continues to pursue its invasion of Ukraine, which has since seen more than 1,000 deaths reported by the UN, over three million refugees flee their homes, and cities across Ukraine left in devastation by Russian forces and munitions. Countries, companies, and charitable organisations across the globe have been pulling together to support the war-torn nation of Ukraine as the conflict continues to escalate. The UK has launched sponsorship initiatives for Ukraine refugees, surrounding countries of Ukraine are opening their borders, and others are donating money and supplies to charities offering a means of support. ITV are getting involved with a fund-raising concert, enabling viewers to donate money to the cause as they watch the show throughout the evening.  READ MORE: Putin secretly shipping 'black sacks of corpses' out of Ukraine  Comparing the televised concert to that of “Live Aid”, event organiser Guy Freeman said: “The scale is obviously different – Live Aid was transatlantic … but it is comparable in terms of people coming together very quickly in the face of an emergency.” The event will combine musical performances with short films depicting ongoing relief efforts and the plight faced by those impacted by the invasion. All funds will be donated to the Disasters Emergency Committee’s (DEC) Ukrainian Humanitarian Appeal. All sponsorship and advertising revenue generated, which is estimated to be more than £3 million, will also be donated to the DEC appeal, and Marks & Spencer are due to be lead sponsors.  Stuart Machin, M&S’s chief operating officer, said: “Watching this escalating humanitarian crisis, we all want to find a way to make a difference. “Our customers and colleagues have already been incredible in their response and by getting behind ITV’s Concert for Ukraine, it gives us all another way to show our support and raise vital funds for those so urgently in need.” The DEC appeal has raised over £200 million so far since its launch at the start of March. Tonight’s broadcast is a collaboration between ITV, STV, Livewire Pictures, the DEC, and media group Global, and here’s the full line-up to expect.  DON'T MISS: Dover couple adapt home for Ukrainian refugees fleeing Putin's war [INSIGHT] Have your say: Should MPs donate any funds given by Russia to Ukraine? [HAVE YOUR SAY]Putin health: Major clue Kremlin is lying about president's state [ANALYSIS]    Hosted by Emma Bunton, Marvin Humes and Roman Kemp, the concert, will bring together some huge names in music. Here’s the list of the complete line-up: Speaking on the Concert for Ukraine, American popstar Camilla Cabello said: “My heart is breaking for the people of Ukraine. As refugees from Ukraine join millions of other displaced people around the globe, we all have a responsibility.” Emilie Sande said: "I will be singing to try to help every human being forced to flee their home." Before adding she will also be singing “in solidarity with those being racially discriminated against even within this humanitarian crisis", in reference to reports that people from African, Asian and Latin American countries have faced prejudice while trying to flee Ukraine. The broadcast will begin at 8pm and will end at 10pm. You can watch the show on ITV, ITV Hub, STV, and STV Player. 