Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan is accustomed to playing a high society role in the series, but when it was suggested to her that the ultimate member of real-life high society was glued to the screen, the Netflix star exclaimed: "It's crazy." It's not just the future Queen Consort who is believed to be a fan - Kim Kardashian apparently loves watching too. "It’s crazy to think that something you made has been seen by that many people in the world. It’s quite mind-blowing," she admitted to Tatler magazine. The Irish actress could scarcely have imagined such wide-ranging popularity for the show when she first began. After an early start in childhood acting, it looked as though the 35-year-old had fallen off the showbiz radar altogether when she returned to Ireland suffering from depression and ended up working at an optician's store. However, she got her big break when she landed a role in Derry Girls in 2018, followed by a West End debut and an appearance on The Great British Bake Off. READ MORE: Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion Her biggest role in Britain to date, however, has doubtless been Bridgerton. But the connections between the show Nicola stars in and Kate Middleton don't stop there. The Duchess of Cambridge also followed in the footsteps of another Bridgerton actor when she became the first royal ever to read a children's bedtime story on CBeebies, screened last month. Her rendition of The Owl Who Was Scared Of The Dark came after Rege-Jean Page, who played Simon Basset, also read a story on the show. But in contrast to Kate, the down to earth Bridgerton actresses are not used to wearing elaborate designer gowns. In fact, Nicola's down-to-earth co-star and close friend Claudia Jessie has been reduced to tears of emotion at times by how luxurious her character's dresses are. "I cried a lot when I’d wear them," she recalled. "When I tried them on in fittings, I remember one particular dress I was like, ‘I feel so lucky to be wearing this.’ DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [LATEST] Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again [UPDATE] Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [DEBATE] "And they said, ‘Do you want to go around and meet all the people who made this?’ And I did, sobbing. Unbelievable." Claudia, who plays Eloise Bridgerton, also embodies the simple life off-screen. "She’s a vegan Buddhist - she lives on a canal boat and only wears secondhand clothes," Nicola marvelled. "To talk to her is fascinating." Meanwhile, unlike Kate, who remains publicly neutral about some of the major topics surrounding today's government, Nicola is passionate about unveiling her views. After seeing photos of the alleged "wine and cheese party" at Downing Street during the coronavirus lockdowns, the furious Derry Girls star called for Boris Johnson to resign. Raging that he should take responsibility, she explained: "I just think that if I was talking to little kids, and you see someone that’s maybe not telling the truth, well, you know, you have to own up for your actions. "I think it’s a good lesson; I think if I was misbehaving on the set of Bridgerton they’d probably tell me to go too.” The new series of Bridgerton is due to kick off on 25th March. The April issue of Tatler is available on newsstands and via digital download today.