 The year the UK formally left the EU and moved into an 11 month transition period, the total value of the country’s trade deals was £760billion, according to the Government. Yet, a reported 63 of the deals were in place before Brexit and had been rolled over. In December last year, the UK signed a landmark free trade agreement with Australia however, having secured a deal in principle with New Zealand just months earlier. The Government claims these deals will increase the size of the UK economy by between £200million and £500million. However Dr Bull, Deputy Leader of Reform UK, formally known as the Brexit party, fumed at the Government for not securing a deal with the United States, which he deemed as the “benchmark” of Brexit success. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Dr Bull said: “Where is the deal with the United States? “That for me is the real benchmark, because if we can come up with an agreement with the United States that would be absolutely game-changing.” Read More: Boy, 14, arrested on suspicion of rape of a young girl   The former Tory MP added that he did not believe that country had “taken advantage” of the “extraordinary” Brexit vote. Despite citing the UK’s vaccine rollout as a notable success, Dr Bull said: “On balance no, I don’t think we have taken advantage of the extraordinary vote that we had. “I maintain to this day that it was still the right decision ‒ the largest ever democratic vote, I think, in the United Kingdom and it was extraordinary. “But the whole point about it was we became a free, independent, self-governing country, where we no longer were held ransom by this ridiculous monolith that is the European Union ‒  that we can decide the rules and the laws that are actually good for Britain.  “I don’t think we have done that.” The UK is also in negotiations with India, Mexico, Canada and the Gulf to ensure further agreements are put in place in 2022. Meanwhile the Government is pushing for accession into the CPTPP trade bloc in the Pacific. In February, the UK moved into the “market access” phase of negotiations with the free trade area allegedly worth £8.4trillion in GDP. Don't Miss:Boris Johnson ‘right that Britain wanted to be free from EU’ ‒ POLL[ANALYSIS]Brexit: Tony Benn destroys 'EU idea’ in unearthed video[INSIGHT]POLL: Was Boris right to say Britain ‘wanted to be free’?[OPINION]  Speaking in January, Dr Bull praised the Government for the deals they had already secured, but stressed it was vital that the country finalised a deal with India. Dr Bull said: “I think one of the other things to look at is [that] if we are an independent sovereign nation and all those things about ‘taking back control’, clearly what we need to do is to relook at Britain’s place in the world. “And the fact is that trade with Europe was declining to the United Kingdom and yet we were hamstrung by their rules and regulations. “And the UK Government has begun to strike trade deals. I think it's something in the region of £760billion of trade deals.”  He added: “I’m a big fan of the Commonwealth and I think the ones with Australia and New Zealand are particularly pertinent. “And then of course by 2022 [I hope] we can secure them with India particularly ‒ from my perspective India currently makes a third of the world’s medicines, by 2050 India will make half of the world’s medicines. “So why on earth would we be doing deals with declining European countries, whereas I would much rather be doing the deals with places such as India. “Mexico’s another very interesting country, and in the Commonwealth, Canada, and of course the United States is a very important market.”  In January, the UK launched negotiations with India on an ambitious trade deal which the Government claimed would create huge benefits for both countries. The proposed deal would reportedly boost the UK’s total trade by up to £28billion by 2035 and increase wages by up to £3billion across the UK. India’s burgeoning middle class is forecasted to increase to a quarter of a billion consumers by 2050, while the country is set to become the world’s biggest economy by 2050, with a bigger population than the EU and US combined.