Emmerdale legend Emma Atkins, 46, has revealed her reaction after receiving some “devastating” news about her character, Charity Dingle. Emma opened up about the "outrageous script" in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. She explained: “I was devastated when I got the script that said my character loses the Woolpack. “I thought, ‘How can I not be working with Lucy anymore? This is absolutely outrageous!’.” Emma's co-star Lucy Pargeter then echoed Emma’s sentiment, saying she was also “devastated”. She continued: “I had the same thing. I was devastated for her and then it was like, 'Oh my God! Now I lose the Woolpack! READ MORE:Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' “Bl***y hell it was bad enough her losing it, now I've lost it.” Thankfully, the pair have still been able to work together, as they continue to feud over Charity’s role at the pub. The on-screen cousins have been at each other’s throats for weeks as Chas struggled with losing her beloved boozer. However, the actresses say that they have enjoyed the warring scenes far more than simply working in the pub. Lucy said: “We had the opportunity to come together in this way which turned out to be more fun than just working behind the bar.” One of the most notorious scenes saw Charity and Chas have a massive food fight when the former went to confront her cousin about trying to sabotage the Woolpack’s reopening. Despite it looking great on camera, the actresses revealed that behind-the-scenes, the experience was “awful”. Lucy said: “The thought of doing a food fight at the village, which is at least 20 degrees colder than anywhere else in the world, in January, involving wet food, was not appealing at all. DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[NEWS]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal[LATEST]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[INSIGHT] “It was awful.” However, Emma maintains that she “had a really good time” and thanks adrenaline for “kicking in” so she could forget about the cold. It comes as Express.co.uk has devised a new theory which could see Chas back behind the bar. Recent episodes saw Chas put her pride aside and help struggling Charity at the pub following Marlon’s stroke. Tuesday's episode saw the Dingles head to the Woolpack to find Charity trying to fix one of the ale pipes. Offering an olive branch, Chas asked: “Can I have a go [at fixing it?]” And Charity agreed. Charity could now go to her cousin and ask her to take on her share of the pub. It is expected that she will accept she is well out of her depth, and acknowledge that someone who knows the pub should be the landlady. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.