The annual British Academy Film Awards (BAFTA) will take place on Sunday at the Royal Albert Hall. The Royal Family’s involvement with the awards dates back to 1959, when Prince Philip was appointed as its first president. Since then, the BAFTAs’ presidency has followed a long tradition of royal patronage, with the exception of one, Richard Attenborough, who was president from 2001-2010, all presidents have been members of the Royal Family. The Duke of Edinburgh was followed by Lord Mountbatten (1966-1972), Princess Anne (1972-2001) and Prince William (2010-present). Typically, the BAFTAs’ president would show their support by attending the awards. However, this year, William has declined the invitation due to “diary constraints”. The decision has reportedly left bosses “very disappointed” that the president of the academy would not be in attendance. This is not the first time a member of the Royal Family has snubbed the awards. In 2015, the Duchess of Sussex turned down the opportunity to attend the glittering event. The former actress was invited during the height of her fame playing Rachel Zane in the American legal TV drama series, Suits. However, having just left a refugee camp in Rwanda, Africa, where she'd spent time as an advocate for UN Women, Meghan couldn’t fathom the thought of walking the red carpet so soon after. Writing on her now defunct lifestyle blog, The Tig, she said: “I had never been and had always romanticised the idea of it. “And per the email, a high end jewellery company was going to fly me in, get me dolled up in the fanciest of gowns and I would travel straight from Kigali to Heathrow, to the makeup chair, and immediately onto the red carpet.” Whilst in Rwanda, Meghan heard about the horror endured in the Rwandan Civil War — during which up to one million people were killed in a genocide – and how people were still trying to overcome it. Meghan wrote: “My brain, heart, spirit couldn’t shift gears that quickly — from the purpose-driven work I had been doing all week in Rwanda, to the glitz and glamour of an award show — plus the pomp and circumstance that comes with it. “’No,’ my heart said. And it wasn’t a soft whisper to myself; it was a lion’s roar.” She added: “My gut said, ‘No.’ While my two worlds can coexist, I’ve learned that for me, being able to keep a foot in both is a delicate balance — because while they are not mutually exclusive, guiding my heart though the swinging pendulum from excess to lack of access is sometimes challenging.” DON'T MISSPrince Harry has major plans to make himself 'more popular than ever' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [VIDEO] Meghan has not attended the awards since. May 2019 marked the first BAFTAs since the Duchess’ marriage to Prince Harry and it was thought that the couple may have joined William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge. However, at the time, Kensington Palace said the couple had no connection to the awards and would not be going. The following year, Meghan and Harry stepped down from their roles as senior royals. They now live in the affluent neighbourhood of Montecito, California with their children — Archie, two, and Lilibet, who was born in June last year. They have not returned to the UK as a family since their exit. The Sussexes were recently presented with an award of their own, recognising the couple’s “special achievement and distinguished public service.” They received the President's Award at the prestigious National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) Image Awards last month. On Sunday, the BAFTAs will honour the best British and international contributions to film and TV of the past year. As William cannot attend, a pre-recorded message from the Duke will be played.