Comedian and actor Scoey Mitchell has died of kidney failure at a health care facility in California. The actor and comedian was 92. His brother, jazz pianist Billy Mitchell, confirmed the news earlier today. Scoey was an acclaimed comedian, having appeared on a number of television shows over his career. Among his most notable parts were in CBS’ Rhoda and Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling. He also played newlywed lawyer Paul Bratter in the ABC series Barefoot in the Park. Scoey even created two series, Me and Mrs C and 13 East. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced Born in New York in 1930, he began comedy in the late 1960s. His first role was in The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour in 1967. From here, he went on to appear in numerous shows like That Girl and The Odd Couple. He wrote for television as well, hosting The Scoey Mitchlll Show in 1972. His other notable roles included Tattletales, Hollywood Squares and Super Password. Scoey took a 30-year hiatus from acting following this, with his last major roles being in the 1980s. He did later return to the screen, however, in A Kindred Soul in 2017. The short film also featured Bobby Brown, Michael Chandler and Anna Maria Horsford. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]  His brother Billy shared the news of his death on Facebook, just a week after his birthday. He wrote: “He had a very successful and colorful career during 70s and 80s as an actor, writer and film director. “He sacrificed much in the struggle to get blacks behind the camera, into production and into positions that are taken for granted today. "It's important to remember those few that opened up the doors for so many!” Fans have been paying tribute to the late star on social media. @AlliApplebum wrote: "So sad to hear that Scoey Mitchell has passed away. I always loved him on Tattletales and Match Game." @calichicacine added: "Rest in Power. Scoey Mitchell, known for Barefoot in the Park has passed." @SamOnTV penned: "I mentioned a near obsession with watching classic game shows on @BUZZRtv "Scoey Mitchell was a stand-out panelist on several shows. Great work with the Smothers Brothers too."