Manchester United fans deserve to be banned from Old Trafford after aiming missiles at Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone and his players, former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O’Hara believes. The Red Devils were dumped out of the Champions League thanks to a gutting 1-0 last-16 second leg defeat by the La Liga champions.   Renan Lodi scored the only goal of the game just before half-time to all but end United’s chances of winning honours this season. The Premier League side’s trophy drought will now extend to six years. Ralf Rangnick’s side came close to an equaliser on a couple of occasions. Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak superbly kept out Anthony Elanga and Raphael Varane. Old Trafford showed their displeasure at full-time, although the boos were mostly aimed at referee Slavko Vincic. Some fans, though, aimed bottles and other objects at boss Simeone as he departed the pitch.   JUST IN: Man Utd 'know what I want' as Martial opens up on reason for exit And O’Hara believes fan behaviour has become worse since supporters were allowed back in the ground following Covid restrictions. The former Spurs man thinks harsher punishments must be put in place. “Can I just say, Diego Simeone leaving the pitch… Man Utd fans, some of you should be ashamed of yourselves,” O’Hara ranted on talkSPORT. “Throwing things at the manager as he’s trying to run down the tunnel, acceptable. [They] should be banned.   DON'T MISS...Arsenal told two ways they can beat Liverpool and 'exploit' weaknessesLiverpool, Man Utd and Chelsea in three-way battle for Barcelona aceLiverpool's Klopp gives seven-word response to Salah's agent's tweet “More needs to be done with this because I’m sick of seeing it. Ever since we’ve been back from Covid and had fans back in the ground, why all of a sudden that fans think they can throw things at players, at managers, it’s not good enough. “It’s unacceptable and it has got to stop. We need harsher punishments because I’m seeing it way too much.” Rangnick believes his side lacked physicality. He said: "I don't know what you mean by naive. Against a team like Atletico, who are the champions of that style of football, it's not easy. You have to break through that wall somehow.    “We don't have the most physical of teams to break through walls. You need physicality and in the second half it was difficult. "We brought all the offensive players we had on the bench to score the equaliser but it was difficult against this wall of players."   