Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has provided an update on Mohamed Salah's injury status after the Egyptian limped off during the second half of their 2-0 win over Brighton. Salah put rumours of wage disputes to one side at the Amex Stadium by smashing in a penalty which, when added to Luis Diaz's opener, was enough to secure a precious victory. The Reds needed three points from the south coast to keep the pressure on league leaders Manchester City. Diaz, who has been electric since his January arrival, set them on their way with a gutsy first-half header which saw him cleaned out by Seagulls stopper Roger Sanchez. Many thought the Spaniard should have been sent off for a high challenge, but following a VAR consultation, referee Mike Dean took no further action. After the break, Salah smashed a penalty down the middle to give Liverpool a two-goal buffer, which saw them through to the final whistle. JUST IN: Mohamed Salah risks Liverpool fan fury as stance on joining Premier League rivals emerges There was still cause for concern, however, when the 29-year-old limped off the field midway through the second half. When asked to provide an update after the game, Klopp said: "We will see, he thinks it's not serious. "You can see when Mo Salah is sitting down something is not 100 per cent right. "I think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and got blocked. "I think the foot got slightly overstretched. We have to see." DON'T MISS...Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumoursLiverpool dealt Salah blow as extent of 'breakdown' in talks emergesChelsea 'face financial ruin' as accounts frozen in Abramovich twist  Losing Salah would be a significant blow for Klopp, given that he reached 20 Premier League goals for the season on Saturday afternoon. That puts him miles ahead of anyone else in the division, and the Reds will naturally be keen to have their full-strength squad available when they face Arsenal on Wednesday. Diaz's early form could offset Salah's potential absence, however, as the Colombian once again impressed on his fifth league appearance for the club. Klopp had words of praise for his whole team, while customarily playing down talk of a title race. "We were really strong and scored a great goal," he added. "We had really good moments with massive chances where we missed the final pass. But I'm happy. "There were moments at the the end where I'd like to control the ball more but it's a difficult moment. "[The title race] is always the same, you expect Manchester City to win every game when you watch them play. "The only thing we can do is as win as many football games as possible. We're ready, we don't need to call it a title race, we just want to win games."