Virginia Giuffre brought a US civil case against the Queen's second son, the Duke of York, last year, catalysing a legal battle that has captured the headlines in the months to follow. But this week "Stipulation of Dismissal" court documents were filed calling for the legal action to end. Prince Andrew has now paid an undisclosed financial settlement to Ms Giuffre, and Judge Lewis Kaplan signed the order closing the case shortly before 10pm UK time on Tuesday. Prince Andrew's association with the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein has been a major headache for the Royal Family in recent years. After his disastrous 2019 interview with the BBC about his relationship with Epstein, the Duke of York withdrew from royal duties and his public appearances have been scarce since. But Andrew's relationship with Epstein faced renewed interest when Virginia Giuffre launched her civil legal battle against the Duke in August 2021, putting the spotlight once again on the Queen's second son. Ms Giuffre alleged she was trafficked by the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein to the Duke of York at the age of 17 - a minor under US law. Prince Andrew vehemently denied all allegations.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim But despite the Duke's legal team's attempts to get the case thrown out of court, in January of this year, a US judge ruled that Ms Giuffre could pursue her civil case against the Duke. If the case against Prince Andrew had gone to trial later this year the proceedings could have overshadowed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year, but in February it was announced both sides had reached a settlement agreement "in principle". The sum Andrew has now paid Ms Giuffre has not been revealed, but it is reported to be as much as £12million. So with the case closed, could Prince Andrew return to royal duties in the near future?  As it stands, any return to royal duties for Prince Andrew seems unlikely to be soon, as the Royal Family appeared to take drastic action to distance itself from Andrew amid his legal woes earlier this year. A statement from the Palace in January read: “With the Queen’s approval and agreement, the Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. “The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.” In addition to the loss of his royal patronages, it is understood Andrew will no longer use his birthright HRH title either. DON'T MISS:Prince Andrew civil case dismissed after settlement [INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie found ‘comfort’ in Harry as Andrew faced legal case [ANALYSIS]Key sign of Prince Charles' love for Meghan Markle spotted in picture [PICTURES]  No plans to restore these honours to Andrew have been announced since his civil case was closed this week. A senior figure told the Evening Standard: “There is no way back to being a senior working member of the Royal Family." Andrew's attendance at two upcoming royal events - a memorial for Prince Philip this month and the Platinum Jubilee in June - also hangs in the balance. Reports have indicated Andrew will not be present at the Platinum Jubilee with other members of the Royal Family, as his presence could be a distraction from the celebrations. 