Prince Charles was given the Prince of Wales title back in 1958 by the Queen and throughout his royal career, he has put his own stamp on the historic honorific through his charitable work. But despite being the Prince of Wales, Charles' wife Camilla is known as the Duchess of Cornwall rather than the Princess of Wales. Here's why Camilla's use of the Princess of Wales title was so controversial. Technically Camilla has been the Princess of Wales since she married Prince Charles in 2005, as women who marry into the Royal Family usually take the equivalent of their husband's title. However, Camilla has never publicly used the Princess of Wales title out of respect to Charles' late ex-wife, Princess Diana. Diana was titled Her Royal Highness The Princess of Wales following her 1981 wedding to Prince Charles, although she had to drop the HRH following their high-profile divorce in 1996. But Diana was still allowed to use the Princess of Wales title she had made so famous, and she was known as Diana, Princess of Wales until she died in 1997. READ MORE: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  Charles and Diana's marriage had been embroiled by rumours of Charles' affair with then-Camilla Parker Bowles, so it was decided Camilla would not be known as Princess of Wales once married to Charles. When Charles and Camilla wed in 2005, it was announced she would use the equivalent of Charles' Duke of Cornwall title, becoming the Duchess of Cornwall. With regards to the succession, it was also agreed that Camilla would not be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. For nearly two decades, it was believed Camilla would be known as Princess Consort rather than Queen Consort, but this notion was finally struck down by the Queen earlier this year.  As Camilla's popularity as a member of the Royal Family has grown in recent years, many had wondered whether Camilla could be Queen in the future instead of Princess Consort. The Queen released a message on the eve of her Accession Day on February 5, 2022, putting an end to rumours of Camilla's future title once and for all. The Queen said: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. DON'T MISS:Kate Middleton's royal life plagued by 'crippling fear' [INSIGHT]Why Camilla won't truly be Queen - Consort title explained [EXPLAINER]Charles was a ‘different Prince’ with Princess Diana to Camilla [ANALYSIS]  "I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Recent Queen Consorts include Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, and Queen Mary, wife of King George V. And like these royal figures, Camilla is likely to be styled as Her Majesty when Charles is King. 