The Royal Family are marking the anniversary of the Duke of Edinburgh’s death with a special memorial service on Tuesday, March 29. In February, Buckingham Palace announced a Service of Thanksgiving will be held at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the life of Prince Philip – the Queen’s husband of over seven decades. Speaking of the occasion, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams described the service as an “appropriate” way to pay tribute to the late Duke, especially after his more scaled back funeral last year. The Duke of Edinburgh died on April 9 and was laid to rest just over a week later at St George’s Chapel in Windsor. Due to ongoing Covid restrictions at the time, the funeral for the late prince was small-scale, capped at 30 guests. Household mixing was against the rules in place in the country, so the Queen was forced to sit, masked, away from other mourners in the chapel during the service. Mr Fitzwilliams went on to discuss Prince Philip’s formal role as consort and his legacy as his memorial service approaches, noting how he used his “superhuman energy” and “considerable talents” to be a steadfast support to his wife. He told Express.co.uk: “The Service to be held in Westminster Abbey to honour Prince Philip will be an appropriate way of paying tribute to a truly remarkable individual, whose superhuman energy and considerable talents were devoted to supporting the Queen and the institution of monarchy. “His funeral, held during the pandemic, had the dignity he would have wished, but owing to restrictions only thirty people were able to attend it and the nation's heart went out to the Queen who was sitting alone in St George's Chapel during it.” The royal expert also noted how Philip supported the Queen throughout their 73 years of marriage but also carved out his own path within the Royal Family, particularly through his Duke of Edinburgh scheme. READ MORE: Queen being at Philip's memorial will give event a 'special cachet' The youth awards programme focusing on self-improvement exercises was founded in 1956 in the UK and has since expanded to 144 nations. He added that the service will provide an opportunity for his “unique and dedicated service” to be recognised by the public, and all those attending in person. He said: “Philip gave up his career to become the Queen's indispensable ‘strength and stay’ and created his own role which included establishing his Award Scheme which has benefited millions. “He accompanied the Queen on all of her trips abroad, was attached to over 800 institutions and the dynamism he showed in his leisure pursuits was an important part of an extraordinary life. DON'T MISS Queen to be relieved by Kate and William's tour after rotten time [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle ally wades into Kate William row over diversity [REVEAL] 'So hardworking!’ Charles and Camilla praised in Ireland [REPORT] “This will be an opportunity for public recognition of his unique and dedicated service to his adopted country and the list of European royalty who are attending is most impressive.” Among those said to be attending are King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain, Queen Margrethe of Denmark, Princess Beatrix, King Willem-Alexander, and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden and other European royalty are also expected to make the trip to London to attend. Members of the Royal Family including Prince Philip’s grandchildren, Princess Beatrice, Princess Eugenie and Zara Tindall are expected to attend the service alongside senior working royals like Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. Earlier this month, a spokesperson confirmed that neither Prince Harry nor his wife Meghan Markle will return for the memorial. They also added that the Duke of Sussex hopes to visit the Queen soon. Prince Andrew has also been tipped to attend his father’s memorial, a feat that would mark his first public outing since settling his sexual assault case. PA reported that the Duke is “determined to honour his father despite scrutiny he may face”. The Queen is also hoping to attend the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service on Tuesday, despite a recent string of cancelled public appearances owing to her health.