The east coast of the country, particularly New South Wales, has suffered under torrential downpours, flash flooding and high winds, with at least 40,000 people ordered to evacuate and another 20,000 put on high alert. The dangerous weather is expected to continue at least until Wednesday or Thursday, with Dean Narramore of the Bureau of Meteorology warning of a “tough 24 hours, even 48 hours ahead”. New South Wales Premier Dominic Perrottet said they expected to issue more evacuation orders as the rains continue. Sydney saw its wettest start to the year in history on Monday, with 821.6mm of rain falling so far this year. The previous record was 782.8mm set in 1956. The strong winds are “likely to bring down trees and power lines”.  Mr Narramore said: “We have seen flash flooding in that part of the world and it is likely to move further north in the coming days and we have warnings for intense rainfall that is likely to lead to life-threatening and dangerous flash flooding. “Finally on Thursday there may be be some good news where most of the state might actually see a fine, mostly sunny day with just a few showers about in north-eastern NSW [New South Wales]. “So a tough 24 hours, even 48 hours ahead, and even if the rain does stop on Wednesday and Thursday, which it will, there’s still a lot of water in these rivers.”  READ MORE: I'm A Celeb jungle return hit by floods sending ITV plans into chaos New South Wales SES [State Emergency Service] Commissioner Carlene York warned residents of the seriousness of the situation. She said: “There is no past history similar to this event. “We’re coming out of La Nina, the ground is saturated, the forecast can never tell us exactly where the water is going to fall. DON'T MISS:Scientists warn humanity is on brink [ENVIRONMENT]Brits' grit to weather the storm, says JUDY FINNIGAN [COMMENT]Families rescued in flood mayhem across the country [WEATHER]  “I would remind people to listen to our orders and warnings because your property may be affected even though it hasn’t been affected before. “Again, we’re looking at, regretfully, record-breaking rains.” Around 150 schools have closed and public transport services have been significantly affected. New South Wales Deputy Premier Paul Toole asked people to be aware that landslides may occur as a result of the rains. 