Lupita Nyong’o, 39, has gone viral online following the shocking moment in which Will Smith struck Oscars presenter Chris Rock following a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Lupita was seen sitting next to the couple as the incident took place and in its aftermath, looking shocked and uncomfortable. The Academy Award winner sat next to Will as he stormed the stage to hit comedian Chris Rock. Lupita looked stunned, and it didn’t take long before her reaction went viral on social media, as fans shared the clip and snaps of her expression. @Treatusmeen97 wrote: “Lupita was all of us.” The actress could be seen visibly confused by what happened. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Fans on Twitter posted jokes attached to screenshots of Lupita from the evening. @Ihatejoelkim wrote: “Give Lupita best supporting actress for her work tonight.” @Toriiiiiix said: “Lupita sitting next to Will Smith rn,” attaching a GIF of an awkward looking Zendaya. @Rachel_Simon penned: “Lupita Nyong’o has now been part of two iconic Oscars moments,” attaching a picture of her next to Will from this year, along with a picture of her at last year’s ceremony, where the actress appeared to photobomb a celebrity group photo including Bradley Cooper and Ellen DeGeneres. In uncensored footage, Will could be heard saying, “keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth". The moment took place minutes after Chris arrived on stage to present the award for Best Documentary Feature. The incident occurred when Chris joked: “Jada, I love ya, G.I Jane 2, can’t wait to see it.” This was followed by Will slapping Chris, following his joke at the expense of Jada’s shaved head. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] The star decided to shave her head as she has Alopecia. Will later went on to collect an Oscar for Best Actor for his King Richard performance. Following the punch, Chris Rock appeared to maintain his calm on stage. He said: “Wow,” adding, “Will Smith just smacked the s*** out of me". The star later opened his acceptance speech for Best Actor with an emotional defence of his actions. Following the punch, Will apologised to the people present and watching. He said: “I want to apologize to the Academy, I want to apologize to all my fellow nominees. This is a beautiful moment.” “Art imitates life. I look like the crazy father,” said Smith. “But love will make you do crazy things.”