This year she’s already won £1,000 in cash, a £500 holiday voucher, 65-inch TV and five Bluetooth speakers. “So that's my Christmas presents sorted," she says. Her biggest ever win was a VW Beetle in 2002. It could be a great way to beat the cost of living crisis. A comper is someone who regularly enters competitions and prize draws, winning a steady stream of consumer goods. Di Coke, from Brighton, says winning is easier than people realise, provided they target the right competitions and promotions. She boosts her chances of success by focusing on effort-based competitions. "Online prize draws are hard to win because they’re well advertised on competition websites, and are easy to enter, so lots of people take part.” Instead, she targets promotions on product packaging or in store, where entrants simply have to buy the product and enter a code online, or upload a photo of their receipt. Di, 47, says: “Lots of people can’t be bothered to do this, so you have a decent chance of winning.” Her recent prizes have come from buying a product, such as a £1 packet of biscuits, multi-pack of Walkers crisps or box of lager. “This is the type of stuff I'd be buying anyway.” She also enters radio competitions, but shuns those with expensive charges for texting. “I enter on radio station websites for free, or call up or text the studio for the on-air quizzes.”  Creative competitions may only get a handful of entries, which makes them easier to win. “Tiebreaker and slogan comps used to be popular 20 years ago, but you’ll struggle to find many now. “These days you might have to tweet a selfie, create a TikTok or publish a recipe on Instagram to win a prize.” Di says don’t worry if you’re not that creative, as winners are often chosen at random. “One of my favourite prizes was a Molly Maid cleaner for a whole year. All I had to do was tweet a selfie in Wilko with a bottle of Surf." Instagram prize draws are quick and easy to enter. “I do a lot in the evenings while watching TV. Look out for giveaways from local businesses as they won’t get many entries. "I’ve won lots of local meals, beauty treatments and family days out.” Di enters around 25 comps every single day, or around 9,000 a year. “I win around 150 prizes annually, worth £14,000 on average. My win rate is one-in-60, which is good for a comper.” READ MORE: Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt In 2021, her wins totalled £35,000 and she has already picked up 30 prizes this year worth more than £6,000 in total, including that 65-inch TV. Di now blogs about her comping exploits on her website Superlucky.me where son Ryland, 12, records a YouTube “prize unboxing” video every month. “I’ve been documenting my wins this way since 2015." Her best ever win was a VW Beetle in 2002, after winning a tiebreaker competition with Zanussi. Other wins include £15,000 cash and £10,000 of shares in craft brewer Brewdog, a Lord of the Rings-based three-week trip to New Zealand, plus £1,000 cash, a signed print by artist Damien Hirst, family holiday to Florida, luxury weekend in Milan and 10-day trip to Japan. The family has also enjoyed VIP trips to the FA Cup final, Brazilian Grand Prix, and Glastonbury (with personal butler service). Now she spends more time blogging about competitions than entering them. “I spend less than an hour actually entering competitions each day, but I’m choosy." Di Coke and Jeremy Stern, founder of Promoveritas.com, which runs competitions and promotions for brands including Cadbury, The National Lottery and Virgin, offer tips to make the most of comping and bring in some cash or goodies in these tough times. READ MORE:Mum shares way anyone can make extra money 'I've made thousands!' [REVEAL]Woman explains how side hustle made her £34,000 richer [INSIGHT]Woman explains how she makes £30,000 a month - without leaving home [GUIDE] Focus on everyday stuff. Think of the brands you use all the time and see if they’re running giveaways and competitions, say, for your daily breakfast cereal, kids’ favourite chocolate bar, petrol for your car or a Disney+ subscription? “The little wins add up,” Di says. Make sure it’s legitimate. Jeremy says: “Most promotions are legit, but some people are out to con you. Check there’s a link to the promotion on the brand’s website or other social pages. Ask yourself, is the prize too good to be true? And if it’s on social media, is there a blue tick to prove it’s genuine?” You’ve got to be in it to win it. Di says: “There are so many promotions out there, you’re bound to find ones that can really add to your quality of life.” Jeremy adds: “At PromoVeritas we’re seeing more promotions now than ever before. Brands know the best way to cut through the noise is with a great prize, so take advantage.” Fewer people enter than you think. Jeremy says many people assume no one ever wins, or they’re naturally unlucky, but it’s not true. “You may be luckier than you think.” Find some comping friends. Di says there’s a real comping community out there, and we share tips and details on great new competitions. "There are comping Facebook groups and local comping clubs, so make some new friends, too.” 