Liverpool have been handed the opportunity to reignite their interest in German international Karim Adeyemi. The forward has been linked with a move to Anfield on several occasions so far this season but remains at RB Salzburg. The 20-year-old was considered a versatile signing that would provide Jurgen Klopp with much-needed depth in the final third. However, the Reds signed Luis Diaz from Porto in January and therefore do not appear in desperate need for another option up top. Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund have also been closely linked with Adeyemi due to their desire to buy young talents and develop them into incredibly exciting stars before selling them for profit. Jadon Sancho is a prime example of the work that the Signal Iduna Park outfit does, and Erling Haaland is set to be another example if he leaves in the summer.  JUST IN: Chelsea told to thank Frank Lampard for 'genius' thing he did    Dortmund were expected to sign Adeyemi at the end of the season, but AS has revealed that talks between themselves and Salzburg have stalled. Transfer journalist Fabrizio Romano has also said that everything has been agreed between the player and Dortmund, and it is only negotiations between the clubs that is preventing an agreement from being reached. Of course, given the circumstances, Dortmund remain favourites to secure the signature of the versatile forward. But it does open the window of opportunity for Liverpool to hijack a deal if they deem necessary – similar to how they stole Diaz from the grasp of Tottenham Hotspur in January. DON'T MISS  Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah are out of contract in the summer of 2023 and there is uncertainty surrounding whether the latter will remain at Anfield beyond that point. Salah has been public in his desire to put pen to paper on a new deal at Liverpool, but an agreement on wages that reflect his importance at the club are yet to be agreed upon. If even one of the aforementioned trio do leave the Reds then Klopp could be tempted to push for a signing, though Diogo Jota and Diaz are more than capable of filling any void that is left. If two of the three depart though, a new signing will be top of the shopping list at the end of next season and Klopp could be ruing not signing Adeyemi if he passes up on the chance now. Speaking after Salzburg’s recent Champions League tie against Bayern Munich, Glenn Hoddle heaped the praise upon Adeyemi. “He was the star,” Hoddle told BT Sport. “It was energetic, but energetic with a little bit of thought behind things. I like the fact that he has looked up twice and he’s trying to get the ball on the money. “He is always looking to go in behind with the ball or without. He has the stop-start ability, he favours his left but he has got a right as well. “Give him half a yard and he will turn you. All round, he looks a fabulous player at 20 years of age.”