The latest data from real estate company Zoopla has suggested that buyer demand remains strong across the country. Family homes remain the most sought-after with demand for them more than twice as high as usual for this time of year. Property stock is continuing to increase across the country with sellers looking to take advantage of the booming property market. The number of listings in the average estate agency branch in the UK has increased by 3.5 percent over the last month. However, property stock is now 42 percent below the five-year average, compared to being 47 percent down in December 2021. Supply levels will increase this year but Zoopla said it will not be enough to reverse the overall imbalance between demand and supply over the course of 2022. There has also been a surge in demand for homes in urban areas since the beginning of the year. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture During the beginning of the pandemic, there was a shift towards rural and coastal living. However, as the country reopens, there has been a noticeable shift towards cities once again. In the capital, the level of sales agreed is higher than the first quarter of last year, despite the higher levels of activity 12 months ago due to the stamp duty holiday. Demand has increased by seven percent in Newcastle and demand has increased in Birmingham by five percent. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method [ANALYSIS] Smaller urban areas such as Blackpool and Swindon are also seeing a surge in demand, with increases of 20 and 19 percent respectively. Overall, house prices have increased by 8.1 percent annually, up from 4.2 percent last February. The average house value across the country now stands at £245,200. Zoopla reported that they are expecting price growth to slow during the second half of 2022. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This is largely due to the rising cost of living and increasing mortgage rates. Gráinne Gilmore, head of research at Zoopla, said buyer demand remains high as people continue to reassess their living conditions, especially among the looking for family homes. She explained: “Buyer demand remains elevated as the trends that emerged during the pandemic - a reassessment among households about where and how they are living - continue to drive the market. “Demand is strongest for family houses, indicating a continued appetite for additional internal and external space.  “But demand is up across nearly all property types, indicating that those thinking of moving are in pole position to sell. “Given the tick up in new listings of homes for sale, there is now a wider choice of homes for movers and all buyers. “The increased economic headwinds, including the rising costs of living and increasing mortgage rates, property price growth will start to moderate as we move through the second half of 2022.”