Phill (played by Jamie Kenna) has settled into life in Weatherfield after starting a romance with Fiz Stape (Jennie McAlpine) however, the pair are looking to move away from Coronation Street very soon. The relative newcomer has charmed his way into the hearts of cobbles residents and he even helped Maria (Samia Longchambon) last year when she started her campaign to become a councillor, going up against Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor). As next week's episodes of the ITV soap begin, he is back trying to help the wannabe politician but as he gets closer to Maria, Phill's secret about why he has stuck around could be revealed, with shocking consequences. The drama begins as Maria's campaign continues, posing for photographs outside Victoria Garden as part of a newspaper article. Feeling confident with her stance on the future of Weatherfield, it seems nothing could knock the wannabe politician off her pedestal. Unfortunately, she takes a blow when her rival turns up and has two of Weatherfield County's finest footballers on hand. It's not long before the journalist loses interest in Maria and turns their attention to taking pictures of the sporting talent. After so much hard work, the hairdresser feels she should throw in the towel as she doesn't have access to the resources her opponent does. READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit By this point, Maria is feeling tired and exhausted with fighting a losing fight, knowing full well her opponent will win with cheap tactics. This is where Phill comes into action as he tells the hairdresser there is a way he can help to boost her up the ladder. It has not been revealed what Phill is going to do but this could give viewers an insight into his past as it seems he could dig up some dirt on Maria's opponent. Fiz's boyfriend does work for the council and so he would have access to the resources Maria would need to bring her rival to his knees. However, in doing so, the relative newcomer could put himself at risk as this particular opponent could know it was Phill who helped Maria. As Phill is confronted by Maria's rival, he could feel threatened as the opponent blackmails him into helping him or he will reveal the newcomer's secret. This could be he only got his job on the council because of his mother, Mimi Halliday (Margot Leicester), who used her contacts to get him a position. Therefore, he could have bypassed the whole application process and doesn't actually have the skill set needed to carry out the job. Some of the developments which have recently taken place in Weatherfield might not have the right credentials to have happened. Not wanting this to get out, as he knows he would have to leave the cobbles, Phill could agree to denounce his support of Maria. DON'T MISS...Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure [ANALYSIS]Corrie star Susie Blake explains why she hasn’t dated since 2000 [COMMENT]Sue Cleaver: Coronation Street star on 'sore' symptoms of condition [COMMENT] The hairdresser could be really confused, as Phill was willing to do anything to help her and now he is backing out. As Maria begins to investigate what Phill's role on the council is, she could discover his secret and she would have a big decision to make. With some of the developments he has green-lit being some she wants to get rid of, she could expose his secrets. Fiz and the rest of Weatherfield would be horrified to learn of his deception and how he wanted to change the face of the place they called home. Similar to Ray Crosby (Mark Frost), he could be ousted and told he will never make amends for what he has done. Speaking of what the future looks like for his character, the actor who plays Phill, Jamie, admitted there is a dark side to his alter-ego. The soap star explained: "Well, funnily enough, Jennie McAlpine constantly goes, 'That's a seed planted' about various things. "I think she's so used to having people turn bad on her, I keep saying, 'I might not turn out to be bad.' "If they are going to do something like that, I hope they take a long time because I want to stay on the show as long as possible. "There are other avenues that they could take him down, as opposed to the serial killer one. I mean, Fiz has already been married to one of those – it'd be a bit harsh if she got another one," he told Inside Soap. So could lying about who he really is and his plans for Weatherfield be a way Phill could turn out to be a villain? Taking to Twitter, viewers have been sharing their thoughts on Phill, with Samantha writing: "Catching up with #Corrie Phil is up to something or using Fiz?" "No one moves from the street unless they are leaving, guess Phill is conning Fiz then!! #Corrie," Shazza posted. Tay shared on the social media platform: "Sneaky suspicion Phil is gonna take Fiz's money and run #corrie." Michelle added: "I bet Phil won’t be paying a penny to the new house when he gets his paws on the money after Tyrone finally sells the house #corrie." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.