Vladimir Putin last weekend put his nuclear forces on high alert following widespread condemnation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24. BBC presenter Ros Atkins noted Moscow is however likely to hold back on its threat to deploy nuclear weapons due to a long-standing warning from NATO members such as the UK. He noted Russia had embarked on a non-proliferation programme alongside the US at the height of the Cold War and remained on that path until this week. Mr Atkins said: "Though the rivalry between these superpowers intensified, in 1991 there was the New START treaty. "It aimed to decrease the size of their overall arsenals. And underpinning the West's justification for these weapons is an idea called nuclear deterrence. "The UK Government factsheet states that: 'Potential aggressors know that the cost of attacking the UK, or our NATO allies, could far outweigh any benefit they could hope to achieve.' "The possibility of mutually assured destruction being the strongest of reasons not to press the button." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The BBC host continued: "That's the theory but it's under pressure. "This week, the former Russian President Dmitri Medvedev warned it may pull out of the New START deal. "And both countries still have huge arsenals." Russia's advance on the Ukrainian capital has made little progress over the past three days and the cities of Kharkiv, Chernihiv, and Mariupol remain in Ukrainian hands, according to British military intelligence. READ MORE: Boris told to unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' will end Russia On Sunday, Putin ordered his military command to put Russia's deterrence forces on high alert, citing aggressive statements by NATO leaders and economic sanctions against Moscow. Addressing the nation on state TV, Putin said: "As you can see, not only do Western countries take unfriendly measures against our country in the economic dimension - I mean the illegal sanctions that everyone knows about very well - but also the top officials of leading NATO countries allow themselves to make aggressive statements with regards to our country." Liz Truss had earlier the same day warned any use by Russia of its tactical battlefield nuclear weapons against Ukrainian forces would represent an "extremely serious escalation" of the conflict. Russian television footage showed the Russian President meeting with his defence minister and the chief of the general staff, and instructing them to put the nuclear deterrent on a "special regime of combat duty". DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] Moscow's forces have yet to overthrow the government in Kyiv but thousands are reported to have died or been injured and more than a million people have fled Ukraine since the start of the invasion last week. British military intelligence's latest update read: "The main body of the large Russian column advancing on Kyiv remains over 19 miles from the centre of the city having been delayed by staunch Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown, and congestion. "The column has made little discernible progress in over three days. "Despite heavy Russian shelling, the cities of Kharkiv, Chernihiv, and Mariupol remain in Ukrainian hands." At Borodyanka, a town 36 miles northwest of Kyiv, a resident gave a breathless account of their encounter with the enemy, as Reuters Television footage showed shell damaged buildings, fires burning in the streets, and destroyed military vehicles.