The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who are living in California after quitting royal duties, welcomed their second child in June 2021. Royal biographer Andrew Morton, who has penned an updated version of his book on Meghan, said people in the US will see Lilibet Diana as an "American princess". Mr Morton told Salon: "I think what people haven't really taken on board is that Lilibet is going to be the first ever American princess. "Archie was born in the UK. "There's some debate about whether she's going to be christened in the US or the UK. "If she's christened in the US, then I think America will embrace her as an American princess." READ MORE: Prince Harry memoir: Duke 'fed up' William 'always has it better' Speculation has remained high over Lili's christening and if it will take place in the UK or the US. Sussex fans are also still waiting to see a picture of Meghan and Harry's daughter. The Sussexes named her after the Royal Family's nickname for the Queen. However, the monarch has not yet met her great-granddaughter in person. DON'T MISSQueen needed 'generous deal' as the royals were 'running out of money' [INSIGHT]Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS]Zara Tindall stuns in green to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day [PICTURES] Lili is a little sister for Harry and Meghan's two-year-old son Archie. Archie was born in the UK in May 2019 before the Sussexes quit royal duties. Harry and Meghan's son was christened two months later by the Archbishop of Canterbury in a private ceremony at Windsor Castle. However, the couple sparked a row after refusing to reveal the names of Archie's godparents in a break from royal tradition. The pair also excluded the press and public from the day. A number of official photographs from the christening were released after it had taken place. Harry and Meghan went on to announce their Megxit decision in January 2020. The Sussexes carried out their last royal engagements in March 2020. They are now living in Montecito with Archie and Lili as they pursue new lives of personal and financial freedom across the pond.