The pair are in the Republic of Ireland for a three-day visit where they kicked off their trip in County Waterford on Thursday. They were greeted by a Viking Re-enactment group who welcomed them to Ireland’s oldest city. Royal fans congratulated the pair for packing so much into their official visit during their week-long trip to Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. One fan, @bykriiistiiieee, tweeted: “The Prince of Wales & Duchess of Cornwall/future King & Queen have just undertaken 12 (!) official engagements within not even 48 hours as part of their visit to Northern Ireland. “The hard-working couple will carry out more engagements in Ireland today and tomorrow.” The royals were last visited the Republic of Ireland in 2019. The pair looked like they were enjoying themselves when they arrived in Waterford on Thursday morning for their first official visit to Ireland’s oldest city. They kicked off their visit in Waterford city centre where they were greeted at the historic Reginald’s Tower, the country’s oldest civic building, and treated to a performance by Waterford Viking Reenactment Group. Waterford’s official foundation as a permanent settlement dates back to 914 AD, although historians say there are a number of references to Viking encampments as early as 860 AD. The royals watched two actors stage a mock battle with swords and shields in front of a Viking longboat. Charles and Camilla also met with local business owners and staff at shops in the town as they walked around the city’s Viking Triangle. They also met with first responders who were on the frontline during the pandemic before visiting a selection of the city’s museums. Their visit to the Republic of Ireland is expected to last three days. READ MORE: Dr Shola rages at Dan Wootton in Meghan Markle row The trip is one of a number of tours by senior royals to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, with Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, currently on a five-day tour of the Caribbean, where they have visited Belize, Jamaica and are set to travel to the Bahamas. The couple undertook a number of visits separately while in Northern Ireland, apparently keen to fit as much as possible into their fleeting visit. The Prince of Wales travelled to the Titanic Belfast centre on Tuesday to meet with a number of organisations working to support refugees in Ireland, including people who had fled the war in Ukraine. He was also introduced to representatives of the Royal Ulster Constabulary George Cross Foundation, which he has been a patron of for two decades. READ MORE:Putin suffers blow as Russian ship obliterated in Black Sea [LATEST]Nato Summit LIVE: Alliance REFUSES to send army into Ukraine [LIVE]Meghan Markle releases first Spotify podcast discussing Lilibet [BREAKING] The couple kicked off their second day in CS Lewis Square before making separate trips to the Grand Opera House, where Charles was treated to a performance, and BBC Northern Ireland, where the duchess unveiled a specially-commissioned crest to mark the corporation’s centenary year. Camilla tried her hand at presenting during her visit to the BBC, including using an autocue. Prince Charles also visited Marie Curie Belfast to meet residents and staff. He also contributed to the wall of reflection, which was designed to commemorate the second anniversary of the first Covid-19 lockdown.