The actress and comedian, 66, hosts the US show The View, where she weighed in on the view that Will Smith's Oscars slap would make people "think of black people in the wrong way". She stated Smith doesn't "represent every black person" as she slammed the viewpoint following the live TV clash, which has viewers talking days later. The chatshow kicked off with a discussion on Smith hitting Rock after the latter made comments on stage about Smith's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Goldberg's The View co-star Sunny Hostin explained she'd heard a public debate focusing on race. Goldberg replied: "People keep saying, 'oh, they’re going to think of Black people the wrong way'. "Well, let me tell you, they should be looking at us and saying, 'Oh, okay, [Rock] didn’t indulge'. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "There’s nothing wrong with what [Rock] did so there’s no reason for anybody to have any issue with Black people. "You have an issue with Will Smith and what he did. He doesn’t represent every black person on the planet." Her colleague explained she'd heard people claim that the incident "plays into the narrative that black people are inherently violent and back men, in particular, are dangerous and scary". She added: "[People think] and ‘if Will Smith behaves like that then oh my goodness that’s where black people are'. "I reject that, I reject that," she continued. "What Will Smith did was immature and it was childish and it was violent but that was on Will Smith and no one else." The altercation at the star-studded event is still making headlines, with people still shocked after Smith got up from his seat to strike Rock. While on the stage presenting the award for Best Original Documentary, Rock made a reference to Pinkett-Smith's shaved head. DON'T MISS... Ben Shephard agonises as Tipping Point player gets timing muddled [LATEST]Married at First Sight Australia hints at Olivia and Jackson break up [TRAILER]Matt Baker swears as he struggles to park family caravan [VIDEO] "Jada, can’t wait for G.I. Jane Two," Rock commented before the camera instantly cut to the Smiths in the audience. The actress rolled her eyes in response, while Will initially seemed to laugh before storming onto the stage. When he returned to his seat, he shouted: "Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth." The unexpected drama has been the subject of plenty of discussions since it happened on Monday. The View is among the shows to have been debating the occurrence each day since. Goldberg commented on Tuesday's show: "We’re not going to take that Oscar from him [Smith]. “There will be consequences I’m sure, but I don’t think that’s what they’re going to do, particularly because Chris said, ‘Listen, I’m not pressing any charges’." Smith has also issued an apology following the incident.