The oil giant said it plans to immediately stop buying Russian crude oil on the spot market and begin a phased withdrawal from all other types of energy. Shell also announced it will shut its service stations, aviation fuels and lubricants operations in Russia in response to Vladimir Putin’s war on Ukraine.  The company faced a backlash last week after it bought a shipment of Russian oil at a low price while Russia ramped up its attacks on Ukraine, where more than 2 million people have aleady been forced to flee since the conflict began on February 24, according to the United Nations. Shell’s chief executive Ben van Beurden apologised for the purchase of 100,000 metric tonnes of crude oil which was reportedly bought at a record discount. Mr Van Beurden said on Tuesday: "We are acutely aware that our decision last week to purchase a cargo of Russian crude oil to be refined into products like petrol and diesel - despite being made with security of supplies at the forefront of our thinking - was not the right one and we are sorry." Although Western countries have so far not imposed sanctions on Russian oil imports for fear that it could drive up already record high energy prices, many firms have shunned Russian oil in response to Putin’s war on Ukraine. Shell has been deplored for still doing business with Russia as Putin’s troops ramped up attacks against Ukraine. The company initially defended its decision to purchase Russian crude oil as “difficult” and said it had bought the cargo on Friday because it had “no alternative”. Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba hit out at Shell on Twitter: “I am told that Shell discretely bought some Russian oil yesterday. One question to @Shell: doesn’t Russian oil smell Ukrainian blood for you? I call on all conscious people around the globe to demand multinational companies to cut all business ties with Russia.” In a statement released on Tuesday, Shell apologised for the purchase and said it would stop buying Russian oil in response. The statement said: “As an immediate first step, the company will stop all spot purchases of Russian crude oil. It will also shut its service stations, aviation fuels and lubricants operations in Russia.” The company will also change its crude oil supply chain to remove Russian supplies, although this could take weeks to complete and “will lead to reduced throughput” at some of its refineries. Shell has also said it will start a phased withdrawal from Russian petroleum products, pipeline gas and liquefied natural gas. The statement said: “This is a complex challenge. Changing this part of the energy system will require concerted action by governments, energy suppliers and customers, and a transition to other energy supplies will take much longer.” The latest announcement comes after Shell announced it was scrapping its joint ventures with Russian gas giant Gazprom following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. The move will see Shell selling its 27.5 percent stake in a major liquefied natural gas plant and a 50 percent stake in two oilfield projects in Siberia. It will also see Shell end its involvement in the controversial Nord Stream 2 pipeline between Russia and Germany which has already been put on hold by German ministers. Shell followed in the footsteps of rival BP which announced earlier that it would cut ties with Russian state-owned oil company Rosneft. Mr Van Beurden said: “Our actions to date have been guided by continuous discussions with governments about the need to disentangle society from Russian energy flows, while maintaining energy supplies.” He added that “threats today to stop pipeline flows to Europe further illustrate the difficult choices and potential consequences we face as we try to do this,” referring to Russia’s threat to cut off gas supplies to Europe flowing through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline in retaliation for European sanctions. Shell announced that profits from the “limited” remaining oil it purchased last week would go towards a fund for humanitarian support in Ukraine. UN human rights officials have said more than 1,200 civilian casualties have been recorded in Ukraine with 406 people killed, although it acknowledged the true figure was likely to be "considerably higher". Attacks and shelling continued across the country on Monday night with fears on the rise for civilians trapped in besieged cities Mariupol, Volnovakha and the capital Kyiv.