Below Deck first landed on Bravo in 2013, filled with drama, chaos and non-stop partying, viewers have remained enthralled ever since. Thankfully for fans, the series hasn’t shown any signs of slowing down as bosses have recently announced Below Deck Adventure, an all-new spin-off which will be based in Norway.  Below Deck has become a huge hit for Bravo as it consistently captivated its audiences with new cast members, exotic locations which ultimately resulted in different dramas to keep fans entertained. The series followed a group of young crew members working and living on board a yacht while catering to exclusive clients. For fans who wanted to know more about working on a yacht, this was also an intriguing aspect of the series. It looks as though the franchise will reach new heights and test the waters in different climates with the upcoming release of Below Deck Adventure. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Speaking to Vanity Fair, the senior vice president of current production for Bravo, Noah Samton shared: “We’re shooting in the fjords.” “So the water’s a lot colder, If you fall in there, it can be dangerous,” he warned. As well as the weather, one of the other major differences viewers will notice is the type of charter guests on board the yacht. Samton revealed: “These are people who spend a lot of money on adventure excursions to paraglide or explore glaciers. “These are not the same people who want to get a tan and drink 20 margaritas on a boat,” he added. As well as the Norwegian expansion, Bravo also announced a second spin-off Below Deck Down Under which will be set in the Whitsunday Islands, between Australia and the Great Barrier Reef. Santon revealed: “Not only is it down under in terms of being in Australia but a lot of the show is literally being filmed underneath the water in the sea paradise that is the Great Barrier Reef. “There’s a lot of diving, scuba diving, snorkelling, spearfishing, and the cast actually gets involved in a lot of the diving excursions.” DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer gives verdict on Dani's pregnancy [INSIGHT] Below Deck Med's Malia White admits wanting to leave show behind [INSIGHT] Bravo’s executive vice president of current productions, Shari Levine added: “Each expansion has brought something unique with it that you don’t find in any of the other franchises that have come before it.” Levine explained: “The idea of people living and working together getting into romances with each other onboard provides so much fascinating material for viewers. “I call it a perfect show because it has so many different kinds of stories and different kinds of reasons to watch.” This is also one of the many reasons fans consistently tune in each week, which provided the series with the opportunity to expand. As well as the original series of Below Deck, the franchise also has Below Deck Mediterranean and Below Deck Sailing Yacht. However, the series' dominations over Bravo started with its Mediterranean spin-off. Back in 2019, Bravo tweeted: “The Naughty Yachties of #BelowDeckMed are reaching new highs as they’ve sailed their way to the most-watched episode of the series-to-date among total viewers, delivering 1.3M P18-49 (up +3% versus the prior week’s episode), 1.5M P25-54 (up +2%), and 2.7M total viewers (up +6%).” More recently, Below Deck continued to hold onto the top spot as its most recent ninth season averaged 1.242 million in the demo, according to calculations by Twitter account Bravo Ratings. Below Deck is available on Bravo in the USA and on Hayu in the UK.