BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty, 47, has shared a message of congratulations to BBC’s news director, Nick Buckley, and BBC World presenter Karin Giannone, after they announced they are engaged. The happy couple broke the news on Monday afternoon in a Twitter announcement. In a sweet photo, Nick and Karin posed on a picturesque beach as they beamed at the camera. Karin can be seen holding up her hand to show off her new ring. Naga shared her delight in the comments with the message: “Congratulations!” Plenty of other BBC stars joined Naga in posting their congratulations. READ MORE:Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. Reporter Matt Graveling said: “Huge congrats to you both! I look forward to joining you on another 10k to celebrate!” Business correspondent Katie Prescott echoed: “Oh wow huge congratulations!” Journalist Martine Croxall exclaimed: “Hurrah!” And The Briefing presenter Sally Bundock wrote: “Fabulous news...well done you.” Karin is a main presenter on BBC World News. She was born in South Africa and relocated to the UK when she was just two-years-old. She has been dating news director Nick since 2019. It comes after Naga shared a rare insight into heartbreak in her personal life. DON'T MISSBritney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts[LATEST]Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married?[INSIGHT]'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show[NEWS] The BBC Breakfast host had temporarily lost the cat she owns with her husband, James Haggar. Sharing the ordeal on social media, Naga posted some photographs of her cats and revealed that one had been handed in by a member of the public. She wrote: “Tonight's mini adventure. Missy gets let out for half an hour (she refuses to use the cat flap, and this is a regular evening occurrence). “I take a shower and get organised. Next thing a phone call telling me that the cat has been handed in by a member of the public to the vet. “I collect wayward cat. Vet (who I've known for years) says member of public believes Missy is hungry as she's so thin. Vet explained that said cat is very old but very well loved. Member of public not convinced. “Upshot: Missy is no longer allowed out to roam for her safety. Cats!” (sic) A number of fans took to the comments to share stories of their own pets. Razer2500, penned with tearful emojis: “My favourite pet died some 20 years ago.” Naga replied: “Heartbreak never goes x.”