Newcastle have been mentioned in connection with a surprise move for Jan Oblak after Kieran Trippier revealed that he has already spoken to the Atletico Madrid stopper to discuss the possibility of a Premier League switch in the near future. The Magpies are widely expected to strengthen their ranks by spending heavily in the summer transfer window if they manage to secure top-flight survival between now and the end of the campaign. Newcastle were among the division's busiest sides in the January market, making no less than five signings to boost their options ahead of the all-important run-in.Trippier became the club's first arrival of the window upon joining from Atletico after a successful two-and-a-half-year spell at the Wanda Metropolitano.He helped Atletico pip Real Madrid and Barcelona to last season's La Liga title and will now be looking to aid Newcastle's ongoing survival bid over the coming months.The England defender played alongside Oblak for the duration of his spell in the Spanish capital and recently confirmed that he has already discussed the Premier League with his former team-mate ahead of the summer transfer window."He is one of the best keepers in the world," Trippier told the BBC. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology "I think he would be unbelievable in the Premier League. Obviously, who could he go to, that’s the question?"I have had conversations with him about the Premier League, he has always asked me questions. Of course, I would love to see him in the Premier League."You never know, you never know what could happen."Newcastle are said to be on the lookout for a new goalkeeper ahead of next season after conceding 45 goals over the course of the current campaign to date. However, it remains to be seen whether they will eventually chase a move for Oblak, who is widely considered to be among the finest stoppers on the planet.La Razon have suggested that Newcastle may be able to reap the rewards of the 29-year-old's contract situation in order to reunite him with Trippier at St James' Park next season.The Magpies could repeat their strategy in landing Trippier by tempting Atletico into a cut-price sale before the end of Oblak's deal with the Spanish champions.He will be out of contract at the end of next season as things stand and is yet to reach an agreement over an extension. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Oblak refused to rule out a future move away from Spain when quizzed on the matter last year but insisted that he was not actively thinking about a change of scenery."I can't see the future, neither myself nor the club nor anyone can," he told Marca."It will depend on a lot of factors, such as if the club needs to sell any players or not. I have nothing to say about my future."I have been at Atleti seven years and I have two years left on my contract. I have played more than 300 games here and, while I enjoy having won La Liga, I'm not thinking about anything else."I'm here, I'm happy. We'll see what the future brings." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here