Gordon Ramsay, 55, has commented on his daughter Holly’s revealing Instagram post. The chef shared how proud he was of Holly, as she celebrated International Women’s Day. Holly’s, 22, snap showed her posing topless in a throwback holiday picture. She had her back to the camera as she sat in an infinity pool in just her bikini bottoms, while her bikini top was in her hand. The next photo showed Holly posing with her Strictly Come Dancing star sister Tilly Ramsay, 20. Tilly was seen lying on a bar table, singing into a microphone, as Holly laughed next to her. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz The following snap taken showed Holly alongside Tilly and her other sister Megan, 23. The final photo showed her mum, Tana, holding a young Holly while on holiday. The caption read: “Happy International Women’s Day. “I’m so grateful to be surrounded by such hard working & inspirational women.” Dad Gordon was quick to jump on to the comments and write: “So proud of you @hollyramsayy." Sister Tilly also penned: “Lotsa love.” Other fans and friends also wrote in the comments section to express their well wishes to Holly in time for International Women’s Day. Itswillmanning commented with a series of love heart face emojis. DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [INSTAGRAM] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] Liz Hurley's son Damian Hurley commented with a love heart. Paul.l.ramirez said: “Absolutely stunning pic.” Mollydonoghue07 wrote: “Happy international woman’s day Holly !!!” Holly has shared plenty of snaps of herself holidaying in exotic locations. In December, she could be seen lounging in the Maldives, looking tanned on a sun-soaked beach. Holly showed off her abs as she lay on the sand on her post-Christmas holiday. Holly is one of five of Gordon and wife Tana’s five children, alongside Tilly, her twin brother Jack, Megan, and youngest brother Oscar, two. The star is a fashion student and model.