With the tax year end approaching on April 5, Britons are running out of time to utilise some of the tools available to them before the deadline passes. Jason Hollands, Managing Director at Bestinvest, offered some last-minute tax tactics to deploy before the financial year-end. Mr Hollands urged Britons to make the most of the tax relief they can get on their pension contributions and use any unused allowances before the end of the tax year. He said: “Nothing beats pensions when it comes to tax perks, with contributions attracting tax relief at your marginal income tax rate. “This means a 40 percent income taxpayer can get £10,000 of pension at a net cost of just £6,000, once the tax reliefs are factored in. READ MORE: Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - list of qualifying groups “If you have not hit your annual £40,000 pension contribution allowance, then consider using any spare funds to take advantage of the generous tax reliefs on offer." He also warned Britons to “keep an eye” on their Lifetime Allowance. This works similarly to the annual allowance, but is instead a limit on the amount someone can save towards retirement throughout their entire life before facing a tax charge. The Lifetime Allowance is currently set at £1,073,100. DON'T MISS'Bumper state pension increase’ on the way - DWP makes fresh commitment to pensioners [PENSION]State Pension to hit £10,600 in biggest rise ever - Sunak in HUGE triple lock decision [ALERT]State pension update as over 14,000 Britons get backpayments - could you get £9,506? [UPDATE] Mr Hollands explained that even if someone does not use all of their annual allowance in a given year, they may still be able to use it later. He said: “You can also carry forward unused annual allowances from the last three tax years, to add an even larger lump sum into your pot.” However, it is important to note the total contributions made over a tax year cannot exceed someone’s annual gross earnings. Mr Hollands continued: “Currently you are about to lose the option of using unused allowance from the tax year 2018/19. “It may be that you maxed out the allowances in the following two tax years – so is it worth using this allowance before it disappears for good?” He also encouraged people to take the opportunity to start saving for their children ahead of the deadline. Mr Hollands said: “Early saving at or soon after the birth of a child is a powerful tool that can generate big pots by the time they reach adulthood. “The Junior ISA allowance is a generous £9,000 a year. “Moreover, even those who are not paying tax are entitled to tax relief on pension contributions of £2,880 a year.” The top-up then takes this to £3,600, the so-called ‘basic amount’. “This means a pension with tax benefits can be opened for a child of any age – or indeed a non-earning spouse,” Mr Hollands concluded.