The Queen completed two virtual engagements on Tuesday, after cancelling videolink appearances last week. She met with His Excellency Mr Carles Jordana Madero, the Andorran Ambassador to the UK. She also greeted the UK Ambassador from Chad, His Excellency Mr Kedella Younous Hamidi. The Queen tested positive for COVID-19 last Sunday, but Buckingham Palace insisted she would continue with "light duties". However, Her Majesty has cancelled three scheduled appearances since the diagnosis.   Buckingham Palace said in a statement last week that the Queen, 95, was experiencing "mild cold-like symptoms" from the disease.  They added: "She will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all the appropriate guidelines." READ MORE: Historian ‘surprised’ by Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn discovery On Wednesday, Her Majesty did feel well enough to speak with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. A week on, a scheduled reception at Windsor Castle has been scrapped on the advice of the Foreign Office. The event, which was scheduled for March 2, is a yearly event for a host of diplomatic representatives across London.  The Queen's positive test came after her eldest son, Prince Charles, tested positive on February 10. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: ‘Out of place’ Harry unconsciously feeds off Meghan [LIVE] Inside Frogmore House: Queen meets Kate Middleton & Princess Beatrice [INSIGHT]Why Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was never a Princess [ANALYSIS] The Prince of Wales, 73, had been in contact with his mother two days prior to the announcement that he had contracted COVID-19. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, then tested positive on February 14, having carried out royal engagements after her husband's positive tests. The Duchess tested negative on the day Prince Charles received his positive result. It was the first time the Duchess contracted COVID-19, but the second time the Prince of Wales tested positive.  Boris Johnson was quick to send the Queen his good wishes, saying he was "sure I speak for everyone in wishing Her Majesty The Queen a swift recovery from Covid and a rapid return to vibrant good health". This message was reiterated by Labour leader, Sir Keir Starmer, who added: "Get well soon, Ma'am." 