 Lorraine Kelly chatted to Tim Peake on Wednesday as he joined her to speak about his new book. The former astronaut explained he’d written a sci-fi story for children called Swarm Rising. However, as the interview drew to a close, Lorraine declared she believed Tim could be a good choice for the next Doctor on the BBC’s long-running sci-fi series Doctor Who.   Introducing Tim onto the show, Lorraine told viewers his book was all about a boy who is abducted by aliens. The presenter enthused: “I love the fact, Tim, this has been inspired by all the questions you get asked by young people. “You go out to schools all the time, people come to see you and this is their story,” she said. “It is, yeah. It’s great when you answer questions from young people and one of the first is always ‘How’d you go to the loo in space?’ but the second is always aliens. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith  “I think the alien question is great because a lot of people think it’s a childish question. “It’s not. It’s one of the most profound questions that there is ‘Are we alone in the universe?’ “So, this is my answer to that question,” he explained. Tim revealed his children were “instrumental in coming up with the storyline” for the book.   “We came up with it on a camping trip to Slovenia and by the end of that camping trip we pretty much had the book,” he said. The former astronaut confirmed the sequel book, Swarm Enemy, is set to be released in August. Tim commented: “There’s more to come. I love it. It’s great fun working on it.” As the interview came to an end, Lorraine held up Tim’s book and said: “This is out, Swarm Rising. DON'T MISS...Lorraine baffled by Queen's decision to put Andrew front and centre [MUST SEE]Martin Lewis skewers Raab over ‘desperate’ cost of living crisis [WATCH]EastEnders spoilers: Harvey Monroe heartbroken after Jean betrayal [SPOILERS]  “Tim, congratulations it’s fantastic and it’ll obviously be a bestseller. I’d love to see it as a film. “Tim Peake as Doctor Who - just putting it out there, I’m just putting it out there,” she added. Doctor Who fans have been busy speculating about which star could take on the iconic role next. This comes after Jodie Whittaker revealed she would be hanging up her keys to the TARDIS.   The actress has already filmed her final scenes on the sci-fi, which are set to air later this year. It’s not just the Doctor Who cast that will soon be refreshed as Chris Chibnall is also leaving as the showrunner. As a result, former Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies is returning to helm the sci-fi series. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV and Doctor Who is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 