Sasha (played by Nicôle Lecky) is a struggling artist from East London who is still obsessed with her ex-boyfriend. In BBC Three’s Mood, she’ll take a journey of discovery into the dark recesses of social media promotion and online sex work, but how much does the TV drama’s creator, writer and lead star relate to her on-screen persona’s reckless decisions? Nicôle revealed she doesn’t completely relate to her character Sasha, despite drawing from some of her own experiences for her debut TV series. Premiering on BBC Three on Tuesday night, Mood follows Sasha’s attempts to launch her career as a successful singer whilst recovering from a tragic breakup with her long-term boyfriend, Anton (Jordan Duvigneau). Although the series is based on Nicôle’s one-woman show, Superhoe, Sasha often makes ill-advised decisions which even the show’s creator found tough to watch. At the show’s premiere, the actress and singer clarified Sasha’s story shouldn’t be interpreted as an autobiographical account of her own experiences in London. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles? She explained: “Even in doing the play I always could feel, like, when I was performing it, it would take about 10-15 minutes for the audience to be on her side. “They’re a bit, like, ‘Ooh, she’s rude to her family. She’s got a lot of attitude’.” BBC viewers are introduced to an ambitious yet irresponsible aspiring singer in Mood’s first episode. Sasha spends most of her time smoking weed and avoiding her family, and even has a run-in with the police following the drunken night out which kicks off the opener. However, Nicôle still hopes audiences will grow to understand and sympathise with her character over the course of the six-part series. “But there’s s**t going on, right?” she added. “And I sort of feel like seeing a troubled woman like that - I don’t really think you do get that [with] this kind of nuance or this detail in the journey she goes on.” Mood eventually explores more of Sasha and Anton’s relationship and the reason for their unexpected and messy split after spending several years together. DON'T MISS:Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INSIGHT]Grey’s Anatomy: Teddy and Owen ripped apart after fallout? [SPOILERS]Discovery of Witches showrunner teases sequel series [LATEST] Nicôle went on: “Yeah, she’s got a lot of baggage. “There’s this underlying story we’re telling across the six episodes, and you find out a lot more about her. But I feel like you do root for her, actually.” The series quickly develops into a starkly relevant online thriller when Sasha meets up with influencer Carly (Lara Peake) and uncovers the truth about her successful social media career. Despite the fact she’s fighting in Sasha’s corner, Nicôle still maintained she didn’t intend the series as a literal representation of her own life. “It’s funny ‘cause I watch it like it’s not me,” she revealed. “I don’t identify with her in that way, so I sort of feel like I’m watching someone else. “And there are moments where I’m like, ‘for f**k’s sake, why would you make that decision?’ “But other times it’s almost like you want her to go with Carly, you always want a character to do stuff like that. You’re a bit like, ‘Ahh, I don’t want you to but I do want to watch what happens.’” Theatre fans who didn’t get the chance to see Nicôle’s original stage show can now experience a new version of her story once all six episodes are released on BBC iPlayer. Mood premieres Tuesday, March 1 on BBC Three at 10:05pm. Stream all episodes from Tuesday on BBC iPlayer.