Antonio Conte has agreed with his predecessor as Tottenham manager, Jose Mourinho, over the club’s ‘best prospect’. The Italian took charge of Spurs in November, working with largely the same squad that Mourinho had possession of during his 18-month spell in charge. The pair’s tactical styles could not be more different, though there are some similarities between Conte and the now Roma boss. Neither manager is renowned for bringing through players from their club’s academies, preferring instead to rely on the transfer market. But that does not mean they have totally ignored the youngsters in the squads, with Mourinho handing debuts to the likes of Harvey White and Dane Scarlett while at Spurs. Following a January window that saw five of his first-team squad depart, Conte has also looked towards youth. Scarlett even featured off the bench during the thrashing of Leeds on Saturday, with White, Brandon Austin and Alfie Devine joining him among the substitutes. JUST IN: Antonio Conte reacts to treatment he's been getting from Spurs fans The striker has seriously impressed in Tottenham’s academy, scoring 23 goals in 23 games for the club’s under-18s. Form like that saw him called into the senior team by Mourinho, who handed him his debut in both the Europa League and Premier League. In fact, he impressed the Portuguese so much, that Mourinho has since tipped Scarlett to star on the international stage for England. “I know he’s still very young, just 17, and it is probably too early for the next World Cup, but Tottenham Hotspur have a striker in Dane Scarlett,” he told The Times in July. DON'T MISS: Ex-Tottenham target Paulo Fonseca makes dramatic Ukraine escape (NEWS)Tottenham target Franck Kessie ‘not convinced’ over Arsenal move (TRANSFERS)Ex-Tottenham ace 'would take' Marcelo Bielsa at club after Leeds axing (INSIGHT) “If everything goes well, is going to be phenomenal. For England, there is lots of promise.” Mourinho is clearly not the only one who is an admirer of the 17-year-old, with Conte having frequently included him in his squads since taking charge. That included Elland Road on Saturday, with Scarlett replacing Heung-Min Son for the final three minutes. In the aftermath of that win, Conte has raved about the academy prospect, hailing him as the club’s ‘best prospect’. “I don't give gifts to my players. If you are a player and you are only 17-years-old, Dane's working really hard and he is a really good prospect from the academy,” he said. “He is for sure at this moment the best prospect from the academy. There are a couple of others who are improving. “Dane has to continue to work very hard, we are trying to find the best solution in the training because he has a long history with injuries, he has great potential, he is only 17. “It was a signal for him because he deserved this opportunity to play a few minutes. I don’t give a gift to anybody. They have to deserve this opportunity.”