England star Harry Maguire was booed in the early stages of the Three Lions' international friendly against Ivory Coast on Tuesday. The defender has had a torrid season with Manchester United and some in attendance at Wembley were seemingly keen to let him know that his performances have not been up to scratch. Eyebrows were raised when England boss Gareth Southgate called Maguire up to his latest squad. A new-look trio of Conor Coady, Marc Guehi and Ben White were chosen to start last time out against Poland in a narrow 2-1 victory. The manager's faith in Maguire became apparent when the United centre-back was selected from the start against tough opponents on Tuesday evening. The likes of Franck Kessie, Nicolas Pepe and in-form Sebastien Haller were all part of the Ivory Coast's daunting attacking contingent. JUST IN: Bayern told to take 'revenge' on Marina Granovskaia by 'helping themselves' to Kai Havertz  A smattering of fans were quick to get on Maguire's back at Wembley, however. Boos could be heard when his name was called out with the rest of the team before kick-off, as well as when he took his first touch. Many felt as though Fikayo Tomori was more deserving of an England call-up than Maguire. The youngster has featured in amost 80 per cent of AC Milan's league matches this season as they blaze a trail at the top of Serie A, but Southgate opted to call on familiar faces instead as the 2022 World Cup edges closer. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit  Maguire has had a troubled time at club level this season alongside former Real Madrid star Raphael Varane. United stopper David de Gea is among the goalkeepers to have made the most saves in the Premier League, while he has kept less clean sheats and been forced into more dangerous situations than he has in previous seasons. Some have even called on Maguire to hand the captain's armband over to Cristiano Ronaldo amid fierce scrutiny. The 29-year-old faces a crucial few months to convince the Red Devils' incoming manager, whoever that may be, that he is worth sticking with in the long term.  Southgate's belief has been unwavering thus far, which suggests that his spot in the World Cup squad later this year is virtually assured. "He has got us to a World Cup semi-final and a Euros final so there is no doubt he is capable of playing at the highest level," he said. "He was very good for us in the autumn. His club is in a difficult moment - there are any number of reasons for that. That doesn't mean players can be poor for couple of years and still find their way in."