Middlesbrough took on Tottenham Hotspur at the Riverside Stadium in the fifth round of the FA Cup on Tuesday evening. Gary Lineker was on hand to front the action alongside the likes of Alan Shearer, Jonathan Woodgate and Jermaine Defoe. Unfortunately, BBC Sport’s coverage of the match was met with several complaints on Twitter when the broadcast was hit with several technical issues. Football fans complained of a faulty timer and a broken stream during the Middlesbrough-Tottenham match on Tuesday. Commentators Danny Murphy and Guy Mowbray also found their commentary interrupted throughout, leaving fans to watch the action unfold without their input. The score was still 0-0 heading towards full time, but the game was interrupted by technical blunders in the crucial last minutes of the match. On Twitter, viewer Monish fumed: “Are @BBCSport using some pirated stream for their #FAcup coverage tonight. #MIDTOT cutting out all over the place.” And Eddie Kearney said: “Is there a cyber attack on this game? Every two minutes the picture goes blank.” READ MORE: Bielsa 'broke down in tears' as he bid farewell to Leeds players The FA Cup match had already annoyed other BBC viewers by forcing popular soap EastEnders off the air on Tuesday. Both the scoreline and timer disappeared at various points during the 90 minutes, and the screen occasionally went completely black. Viewers were also met with a yellow screen while the issues were sorted out with just several minutes of the second half left. Gary Lineker even seemed to have problems with his mic as he attempted to give his analysis of the match so far before heading into extra time. Commentator Guy Mowbray addressed the issue and apologised after the BBC stream was put on hold for several minutes due to the tech difficulties. He told viewers: “Apologies if you’re not getting the full breadth of coverage over the last few minutes, there have been quite a few technical issues.” Unfortunately, his apology wasn’t enough to satiate some fans, who continued to express their disappointment after sitting through a faulty broadcast. Mark Thomas asked: “What is up with the BBC coverage btw?” DON'T MISS:Y 1883: Sam Elliott’s furious rant at Oscar nominee [COMMENT]Mood creator ‘didn’t identify’ with Sasha [INSIGHT]Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INTERVIEW] “Screen keeps either freezing or going black, we have lost the clock so have no idea how long left.” @AngryFromManchester joked: “Someone's nicked the clock!!” Paddy Hickey tweeted: “Wow @BBCSport the coverage of the #MIDTOT game is appalling. Sound and picture both rubbish. No clock for half of the second half.” And Spurs fan Claire said: “Where’s the clock gone??? Not that I want to know how long we’ve got to suffer for!” Middlesbrough finally took the lead in the second half of extra time thanks to a goal from young substitute Josh Coburn. The score remained 1-0 at full time, and Chris Wilder’s team finally made it into the quarter-finals after a gruelling 120 minutes. The defeat is the latest in a long line of disappointing results for Antonio Conte's men as they face yet another trophyless season. The FA Cup fifth-round tie between Tottenham Hotspur and Middlesborough can be streamed on BBC iPlayer now