Vera season 11 got off to a rocky start, with the first few episodes landing in 2021 and early 2022 to tease fans as the pandemic halted production for the rest of the series. Ahead of the remaining episodes landing later this year, veteran Doughty has disclosed that his years on the show have flown by. DS Aiden Healy (played by Kenny Doughty) joined the fictional Northumberland & City Police in 2014. As a trusted sergeant, he assists Detective Chief Inspector Vera Stanhope (Brenda Blethyn) in solving local crimes. When reflecting on the show, the 46-year-old recently said: "The strangest thing is that it feels like yesterday when it all began. "It was April/May 2014, and it’s frightening how quickly those years have gone by. Read More: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis Deley now?  “When I reflect on Vera, it makes me feel really happy and proud to be part of such a great detective show. "It’s gone incredibly quickly, but each year you come away from it, when you’ve put the graft in, and think, ‘I’m happy with what we’ve achieved’”. The ITV show has been his home for the last few years, but the actor is also recognisable for his time on Coronation Street, Stella and Love, Lies and Records. Fans adore the on-screen chemistry between Vera and Aiden, with his character being protective of his boss.  Vera's obsessive nature and dedication to the job has at times cost her her wellbeing, with Aiden trying to help alleviate as much pressure as he can. When talking about the many highlights he has had while filming, he added: “Thinking of the show as a whole, it would be the fact that I’ve got to work with some amazing, experienced actors as well as the next generation of filmmakers like new directors and DOPs. “Getting to know Newcastle and the whole area from the coastline to the wildlife, the nightlife and the culture has definitely been a highlight too. "That’s why filming this new series, in particular, has been really tough because I’ve had to isolate for the best part of a year with all the Covid protocols, and that’s everything that I’m not." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Daniel Osbourne begins affair with former flame? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after Laurel betrayal in Kim Tate twist? [SPOILERS]Donny Osmond explains why he handed over iconic hit to Michael Jackson [LATEST] Despite the pandemic causing havoc with filming the show, the star praised Blethyn and credits her for helping him to keep his sanity through isolation. He continued: “Thank God that Brenda was in my bubble, I called it the ‘double trouble bubble' because we had each other and it was like you’ve put us together in this bubble and that’s it! You’re done for! "Thank God we have a friendship that can sustain that. I don’t think many relationships, marriages or friendships could undergo that intensity of 24/7 working together and then hanging out together in the evening, it was intense!" The show's lead and his on-screen crime-fighting partner also shared a similar sentiment for him. Brenda recently said: "Aiden [Kenny] and Vera are practically joined at the hip. "He is the most wonderful actor to work with, a constant delight." No set date for the remaining episodes of season 11 has been released. The first two episodes aired in August 2021, with the second two following in January 2022. Series 11 episodes 1-4 of Vera can be viewed on the ITV Hub