Lemons are as natural as you can get when it comes to household cleaning ingredients, yet many hacks require a number of other products to get the job done. While this sour citrus fruit can be mixed with everything from baking soda to white vinegar, its stand-alone cleaning powers are often stronger than you might think. These are the six surfaces that will be left gleaming after cleaning them with just one fresh lemon.     Limescale can leave your taps and showerheads looking scaly and unpleasant, with many watery cleaning solutions often too weak to tackle the stubborn stains. While baking soda and white vinegar are known to banish tough limescale, the unpleasant aftertaste of the running water can quickly ruin your hard work. Luckily, reversing built up limescale is easily done with the acidic flesh of just half a lemon, and there’s no scrubbing required. READ MORE: Lemon juice: 7 ways lemon juice can improve your health  Cut one large fresh lemon in half and place two elastic bands over the flesh in a cross pattern. Place the fleshy side of the lemon directly under the facet of the tap and lift the elastics over the top. Secure the leftover length of the two elastics using a clothes peg, making sure the lemon is tightly tucked directly beneath the opening to create contact between the acidic juice and tap. Leave overnight and remove the lemon in the morning, using the flesh juice to glide over your sink for a quick refresh before rinsing. Reveal your scale-free and fresh smelling tap. No matter how much you scrub them, some graters still cling on to food particles - especially creamy substances like cheese. To deep clean the grooves of your grater, use the waxy skin of a flesh lemon to glide over the inside of your tool. The lemon oil and inner juice will break down dairy fats while removing stubborn proteins from the surface. Storing leftovers is one of the best ways to keep food waste to a minimum, but strong odours and flavours can quickly overpower your fridge. To keep unpleasant smells to a minimum, fill a small bowl with either the juice of a whole lemon or two halves of the fruit and leave uncovered on the middle shelf. Replace the lemon every week to maintain the fresh scent. DON'T MISS:How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [INSIGHT]How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [REVEAL]Mrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [ANALYSIS] This simple hack is one of the easiest ways to banish unwanted odours from a dirty microwave. Simply fill a small microwave-safe bowl with cold water and slice one fresh lemon in half. Place the lemon halves into the water and set the appliance to a two minute, high heat setting. As the microwave warms up, the fresh lemony liquid will fill the microwave with cleansing evaporated water particles which can be wiped away to lift dirt and stubborn odours. Another lemon-juice limescale hack is to boil the liquid from a whole lemon in your kettle to lift chalky limescale deposits. Pour filtered water and the juice of one lemon into your kettle until it is three-quarters of the way full. Boil as normal and empty out to reveal a fresh, scale-free kettle ready to be used. Wooden and plastic chopping boards should be regularly wiped down using a fresh lemon to keep odours at bay. Use the flesh of half a lemon to rub the board clean while dislodging small food particles, stains, and freshening trapped odours. Rinse the board with water and dish soap as normal to reveal a refreshed board ready for use. While this hack works well with just one lemon, you can add some coarse salt granules onto the board for an exfoliating boost.