Alfa Romeo star Valtteri Bottas admitted that it is 'weird' to see Lewis Hamilton struggling for Mercedes. The Finn was effectively ushered out of the Silver Arrows exit door at the end of last season when young superstar George Russell received the call-up from Williams, ending a five-season stint as Hamilton's sidekick. Despite a raft of pre-season issues, Bahrain's season opener was kind to Hamilton as he claimed an unlikely podium after both Red Bull cars retired. The Brit was afforded no such luck in Saturday's Saudi Arabian qualifying, however, as he failed to reach Q2 for the first time since 2017. With a clear pace deficit between Mercedes and their two title rivals, Ferrari and Red Bull, they supposedly tried an experimental set-up on Hamilton's car which brutally backfired. Having wound up in 16th, team boss Toto Wolff claimed it is time to 'wake up'. Russell fared much better and will start sixth on the grid but he was far from happy with his day's work. Having tinkered with their cars for another week, the qualifying nightmare suggests that Mercedes have lost ground on the front-runners. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton visits Haas HQ after Mick Schumacher flown to hospital in Saudi Arabia Silver Arrows struggles have been highlighted further by the relative success of Bottas with his new team, Alfa Romeo. The Finn was expected to tumble down the pack when his Mercedes seat went to Russell, but he out-qualified his replacement in Bahrain last time out and he out-qualified Hamilton in Jeddah. When quizzed on his unlikely success and Mercedes' struggles for form, Bottas admitted: "It's weird to see. I would guess [Hamilton] had some kind of issue, I don't know. It is surprising to see them struggling, but it's also nice to be able to battle with them. "I think this was kind of the best case scenario for my first season with Alfa Romeo that I could ever imagine, with the information I had. I'm really happy with the decision I made, and I'm happy overall as well. So yeah, [I'm] enjoying it." Bottas will start Sunday's race in eighth, while Hamilton admitted he could make changes to his Mercedes which would mean a pit-lane start. Mick Schumacher, meanwhile, will not partake at all after his high-speed crash saw him taken to hospital before Haas confirmed that he came through unscathed. Schumacher's absence means that if Hamilton does decide to start on the grid, he will be bumped up to 15th. While the Brit will be on a mission to work his way through the pack, there is plenty of potential for drama in front of Bottas too. Sergio Perez pulled out a stunning lap to out-qualify both Ferraris and team-mate Max Verstappen and claim the first pole position of his career. Bottas' Alfa Romeo team-mate, Guanyu Zhou, meanwhile, will start in 12th after another solid qualifying performance in his rookie season. The Chinese youngster finished 10th to score a point on his F1 debut last time out. 