 Royal fans got a rare glimpse of the eldest Cambridge children during the royal event and as is seemingly her style, Princess Charlotte amused supporters with her cheeky and humorous character. It had been unconfirmed if Prince George, 8, and his sister Princess Charlotte, 6, would attend the service at Westminster Abbey.   However, the young royals were seen entering the Abbey with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, with Charlotte holding her mother’s hand and George with William. One fan commented on Twitter: “Princess Charlotte is so pretty and quite charming. “Prince George has his father’s reserve and regal bearing. They did so well during the ceremony.” Many viewers were shocked to see the sudden maturity of the two children who held their own as they greeted and shook hands with officials at the event such as the Archbishop of Canterbury.   Another royal supporter tweeted that the Princess is “a proper young lady now” as she smiled and briefly spoke to other attendees. One fan stated that “Charlotte was a natural especially” when it came to her decorum during the event. The two children were seated in between the Duke and Duchess behind the Queen when a sweet moment was caught on video of Princess Charlotte which has delighted fans. As the Princess is watching the ceremony, she absentmindedly catches herself on one of the television screens within the Abbey. The young royal jumped slightly before giving the camera a small slightly embarrassed smile. READ MORE:Spain holidays: 5 'hidden costs' to be aware of  More fans took to social media to discuss the moment with one saying: “Princess Charlotte never fails in the adorable expressions department, bless her! What a cutie!” Another added: “Prince George and Princess Charlotte were so well behaved at Westminster abbey this morning. They definitely made their parents proud.” Prince Louis, aged three, was considered too young to attend the event, but will soon be joining his older brother and sister in charming royal fans and attending royal occasions. The service was also attended by the Queen after recent health concerns regarding her mobility cast doubt over her ability to appear at the ceremony honouring her late husband. DON'T MISS:Hamilton's Red Bull fears increase as Marko shares details on promise (INSIGHT)Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month (REVEAL)POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? (POLL)  The service was understated compared to other royal events but was an opportunity to pay tribute to Prince Philip as was originally planned by the duke but was unable to happen due to Covid-19 restrictions. Members of the congregation included representatives of charities and organisations close to the heart of Philip and members of his side of the family from countries such as Greece. There was a large international presence as other royal families turned out to pay tribute such as King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima, and Princess Beatrix of the Netherlands, King Felipe and Queen Letizia of Spain, and King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium. The BBC stated that the service honoured “a man of rare ability and distinction who put privilege to work and understood his rank as a spur to service”. 