However, Ukrainian defence forces appear to have provided a powerful resistance as Russian forces approach. Russian troops launched two attacks on Kyiv Wednesday, one via the western city of Irpin and another through the eastern district of Brovary. Yet video footage has emerged showing Ukrainian forces bombarding the tanks with artillery in a devastating ambush and forced to turn back. Intercepted radio messages suggested the convoy took heavy losses with yet another senior Russian officer killed, though that could not be verified. One Ukrainian official spoke of the move to defend the city as Russian forces attacked. Vadym Denysenko, adviser to the Interior Ministry said: "The night was quite difficult, but in general we can say that the Ukrainian army counterattacked near Kyiv. "'There is no further detailed information yet." According to experts from The Institute for the Study of war, the move signals an attack on Kyiv is now fully underway. With Russia intensifying airstrikes on Mariupol and Kharkiv, fears are mounting that Kyiv will see a similar fate. Among the vehicles seen driving towards Kyiv before they were ambushed was a missile launcher which carries thermobaric warheads - missiles that suck oxygen out of the air and crush the lungs of victims. One of the Russian army’s main objectives has been to encircle and capture Kyiv, the Ukrainian capital. Several hours after the conflict began on February 24, Russians targeted, unsuccessfully, the nearby airport of Hostomel in a helicopter air raid, with the aim of seizing the site to be used as a foothold only 27 km from the capital. READ MORE:War images show Putin's barbarity to whole world - EXPRESS COMMENT Putin has said the advance by his forces in Ukraine is going according to plan, despite few major cities having been captured after more than two weeks of fighting. Russian soldiers stranded in the 40-mile-long armoured military column could soon face freezing conditions, with temperatures forecast to dip to -20C because of easterly wind combining with arctic air. Reports have also emerged that vital supplies such as fuel and food are also running out amongst Russian soldiers, many of whom have been identified as conscripts. DON'T MISS:France fury as retirement age HIKED - [REVEAL]EU set to fudge Ukraine membership request [REPORT]Putin warned of direct NATO action if Russia uses Chemical Weapons [INSIGHT]   Kyiv has been calling for NATO to impose a no-fly zone over the country to prevent Russian warplanes from bombing targets, something western leaders have ruled out because of the potential for war to spill over into a global conflict. But the UK and EU have promised to provide more weapons, including anti-tank and air defence missiles, and there are signs that Russia is not completely in control of the skies over Ukraine. This week, Ukrainian special forces are said to have destroyed 30 Russian helicopters based in an occupied airfield in Ukraine. Furthermore, several high ranking Russian officers, including a Major-General have been killed. Russian advances and tactics have been met with heavy criticism by the international community. The recent bombing of a children's hospital has sparked furious reactions. Ukrainian President said: "A children’s hospital, a maternity ward. How did they threaten the Russian Federation? "What is this country, the Russian Federation, that is afraid of hospitals, maternity wards and is destroying them? "Were there little Banderovites? Were pregnant women going to shoot on Rostov? "Did anyone in the maternity ward humiliate Russian speakers? Or was it de-Nazification of a hospital?" Some officials are calling the act a war crime.