A Russian nuclear strike on the UK could be used as an example of Vladimir Putin's power, according to a senior analyst. Ben Judah, a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, revealed that US strategists had war-gamed how a no-fly zone in Ukraine would play out. He warned that the situation could escalate into a nuclear strike on Britain, adding that the country is "actually in the frontline of countries that will be targeted". He also warned that NATO would cease to exist "within five hours" of a no-fly zone in Ukraine. Mr Judah told LBC's Iain Dale: "A no-fly zone would lead to NATO forces shooting down Russian planes. That would lead to outright war with Russia in Ukraine. "If you start shooting down Russian planes over the sky of Ukraine, there will be no more NATO as we know it within five hours. "Countries like France, Germany, Spain, and Italy, countries that do not want a war with Russia, they will drop out of NATO command structure or even the alliance itself." JUST IN: 'Brains rotted by Brexit' Outrage at ex-Danish PM remarks on Ukraine The foreign policy analyst continued: "That would be a win for Putin. Then you have to fight that war with Putin in Ukraine. "Russia has a lot of tactical nuclear weapons. They are smaller, still radioactive, still really dangerous. They would use them in Ukraine. "They will not care about the civilian causalities. The UK does not have that many tactical nuclear weapons. We don't want to be using them in cities with horrific collateral damage. "But once that kind of war has begun, the passions of war will be unleashed. "In Washington DC, the leading experts have war-gamed such a scenario countless times, and they have found it always led to a major nuclear exchange between Russia and the US. "If it does come to nuclear warfare, Britain is actually in the frontline of countries that will be targeted. "It has been understood by strategists that before Russia sends a nuclear weapon to the US they would send one to the US' closest ally - the UK - as a final warning to the Americans." The threat of nuclear war in Ukraine has prompted a run on iodine tablets in pharmacies across Europe. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE BLOG]Russian convoy movement near Kyiv is actually in 'tactical retreat' [SATELLITE]Putin joy as 16,000 Middle Eastern fighters to join Russian invasion [VIDEO] President Putin has ordered Russia’s nuclear forces to be put on its highest alert in the wake of the Ukraine invasion. Russia has about 4,500 nuclear warheads in its arsenal and some 2,000 tactical nuclear weapons kept in storage facilities throughout the country. The Russians developed these smaller tactical nuclear weapons to be used against troops and installations "in a limited engagement". However, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has called Russian President Vladimir Putin’s threat to use nuclear force a “bluff.” Moscow has repeatedly warned that a NATO no-fly zone over Ukraine would prompt Russia to use weapons of mass destruction on its neighbour.