Nick Kyrgios has posted a picture of himself returning to the practice court one day after crashing out of the Miami Open in a controversy-filled match. The world No 102 complained about the court and launched a tirade at chair umpire Carlos Bernardes as he was defeated 7-6(3) 6-3 by ninth seed Jannik Sinner. Kyrgios had made it to the last-16 in Miami without dropping a set, opting to "keep [his] head down" and progress through the draw. He faced Sinner for the first time in their careers on Tuesday, playing his first match of the tournament on the second Grandstand court instead of the main Stadium. Early in the first set, the Aussie aired his grievances with the court conditions as he said: "Just to let you know guys, centre court is completely different to the grandstand for some odd reason. May as well be grass and clay. What a joke." And when chair umpire Bernardes' walky-talky accidently went off mid-rally later in the set, he grew even more frustrated. "How is that possible? A fourth round of Miami, one of the biggest tournaments and you guys just can’t do your job. It’s embarrassing. Get a new set of referees, these guys don’t know how to do s***," the former world No 13 fumed at the changeover, continuing his rant into the first set tiebreak and receiving a point penalty for unsportsmanlike conduct. He then continued to rage at Bernardes after losing the opener 7-6(3), earning himself a game penalty to start the decider a break down. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz blows Andy Roddick away with Miami Open win  After the match, the 26-year-old stood by his comments as he tweeted: "‘You could do the job of the umpire’ - what was said to my best friend that got me ‘unsportsmanlike code violation’ at 5-3 in the first set tie break. With 100 of thousands of dollars on the line that was the decision he made because the umpires ‘feelings' got hurt. GET NEW PEOPLE". He was also back out competing, this time on the Butch Buchholz court, with good friend Thanasi Kokkinakis in the doubles draw, where the pair beat third seeds Horacio Zeballos and Marcel Granollers in straight sets to advance to the semi-finals, and the Aussie has now been hitting on the practice courts a day after the drama of his singles last-16 clash. DON'T MISSUkrainian tennis pro gives heartbreaking update with 'nowhere to go'Kyrgios called out after defending Raducanu against 'old players'Nadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injury  Reposting a photo of himself on the court, Kyrgios simply captioned it: "Back to work." He and Kokkinakis, who won the Australian Open men's doubles title together this year, will next take on the winners of a clash between John Isner and Hubert Hurkacz against Rajeev Ram and Joe Salisbury. Kyrgios is then set to be out until the grass-court season, confirming after the Aussie Open this year that he would be skipping the clay.