The climate activist movement has announced it will be carrying out a wave of actions targeting the UK’s oil refineries starting from April. The group aim to disrupt the UK government and "take back the power from warmongers". Members of the green movement plan to create “enough disruption to force the UK Government to commit to Extinction Rebellion’s immediate demand: to stop the fossil fuel economy”, the Telegraph reported. The exact location of refineries they are going to target is still a secret. The announcement follows the concerning warnings from the United Nations’ IPCC report on the exacerbating climate crisis, as well Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.   The current conditions have prompted a new drive for renewables. In response to the group's warning, political commentator Robert Kimbell tweeted: "Extinction Rebellion and Insulate Britain need to get a life, grow up, and stop disrupting Britain's progress. "Everything points now to the absolute need of the United Kingdom to become self-sufficient as far is humanly possible in energy production. Government must get tough!" One user commented: "Given the growing financial pressures on the average families, I doubt they’d be met with much grace and patience. I’d think twice about causing any disruptions if I were them."  READ MORE: Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge Not all users agreed, with one writing: "Perhaps Insulate Britain wouldn't have taken to streets if Govt took climate emergency seriously. "Also, insulating homes would reduce energy spend/production, provide jobs across UK and save cash for ppl in the homes. What's not to like? Oh wait, you likely back energy firm profits." The group who describe themselves as a "global non-violent direct action movement" recently supported Ukraine's XR group who urged all leaders in the EU to stop imports of "Russian bloody fossil fuels". The group called on "all peaceful, loving, determined people" to step into rebellion and resistance.  DON'T MISS:Teaching assistant had sex with boy, 14, in Wilko car park [INSIGHT]Living underwater could cost Britons £340,000 deposit - how it looks [COMMENT]Farms around the world to be DECIMATED as scientists issue chilling... [ANALYSIS] On the group's Twitter account, they wrote: "Coming together in collective strength can turn the tide at the speed needed at this desperate time". Campaign group Just Stop Oil is among the organisations which will work with Extinction Rebellion to blockade the oil refineries during protests starting from next month. Extinction Rebellion has announced what could be its biggest series of demonstrations yet in London, starting on April 9. The demonstrations could potentially last weeks, while the group aims to rally thousands more activists to carry out the large-scale civil disobedience campaign. 