She will be joined by families – like her – who were denied access to loved ones before they died, frightened and alone. Speaking exclusively to the Daily Express Ruthie, 54, said: “The only way to wrestle back power is to legislate. “It should not take hundreds and thousands of families to shout, consistently and loudly to those in power, that we need to do the right thing and not leave people in care on their own. “The anger, hurt and betrayal we have experienced will not be forgotten.” Ruthie’s former teacher mother Gloria, who battled Parkinson’s and dementia, was a resident in Spring Lodge Care Home in Ipswich, Suffolk, for three years. Gloria’s symptoms rapidly deteriorated during lockdown and the West End star was only able to see her through a window until she fought for the right to finally be allowed in. She died aged 87, in May 2021. Ruthie’s father David died at 90 a year earlier, but Covid restrictions meant she was unable to cremate him for weeks. When she could, just six family members were allowed to attend the service. MPs backing the push include former Loneliness Minister Tracey Crouch, Labour MP Dan Carden and Lib Dem deputy leader Daisy Cooper. It is also supported by charities Mind, Parkinson’s UK and Disability Rights UK. Miss Crouch, diagnosed with breast cancer during the first national lockdown, said: “Over the past two years we’ve seen the devastating impact of people being isolated in health and care settings. We must recognise in law the crucial role family carers play in the lives of people in vulnerable situations. Access to a care supporter should become a routine, key ingredient for good care, which one day any of us could need.” Last year I’m A Celebrity star Ruthie led a march on Downing Street demanding the implementation of Gloria’s Law – named after her mother. But the Government refused, saying it had faith in care homes and the CQC to let families in. Two years on and some are still refusing. Others have said they will charge families for lateral flow tests before granting time-restricted access. Mother of two Ruthie said: “What has happened – and is still going on – is criminal. Two years on from Covid and I can’t even begin to understand why we are still fighting to give people in care a voice. “It’s clear homes and providers now hold all the power. Families trusted the Government and CQC to oversee them, to facilitate access, but they haven’t. That is what angers me and so many families. We feel fobbed off. It’s like everybody is passing the buck, pointing the finger somewhere else, and nobody is saying - as they should be - this is our problem and this is what we are going to do about it.” Two years on from Covid and I can’t even begin to understand why we are still fighting to give people in care a voice. What has happened – and is still going on – is criminal. We are fighting so hard for something that should be a fundamental human right – face-to-face contact with loved ones in care. We still see and hear about homes that are most certainly not back to normal. Some are still not allowing essential caregivers in. And the very fact they can shut up shop simply beggars belief. It’s clear homes and providers now hold all the power. Families trusted the Government and the Care Quality Commission to oversee them, to facilitate access, but they haven’t. That is what angers me and so many families. We feel fobbed off. It’s like everybody is passing the buck, pointing the finger somewhere else, and nobody is saying - as they should be - this is our problem and this is what we are going to do about it. If this was about young people, and in some cases it is, there would quite rightly be an outcry. But the fact it affects older people who don’t have a voice, it’s very easy to forget. But how dare we, after all, they have done for us and the service they have given, not make their latter moments on earth full of family and love. I was unable to cremate my father for weeks and weeks after this death because it wasn’t allowed. When it was, just six of us said goodbye. This happened when those in power are said to have held boozy parties. At the same time, I was watching my mother through a window at her care home. When Mum was dying the home had the say over her care, not me. That was shocking and heart-breaking. I was lucky it allowed me in and the only reason I knew she was dying was because I had essential caregiver status and could see her. Had I not, she would have died without me knowing and I would have just got a call in the middle of the night. Why are we still having this conversation? Everybody in care needs a nominated essential caregiver, otherwise who is looking out for them? Two years on we continue to have the most basic breaches of human rights. These are Britain’s forgotten and they are dying of loneliness, sadness and isolation. And as a country, we are effectively turning a blind eye. The only way to wrestle back power is to legislate. We have seen over two long years that nothing changes. And unless there is a law, Gloria’s Law, this scandal will continue. If we don’t pass a law then when the next strain comes along, this will happen over and over again. It should not take hundreds and thousands of ordinary families to shout, consistently and loudly to those in over, that we need to do the right thing and not leave people in care on their own. The anger, hurt and betrayal we have all experienced will not be forgotten. • Ruthie Henshall is a Rights for Residents ambassador