In an interview with The Times, Christian Horner, 48, was less than complimentary when he spoke about Geri’s driving skills. The 48-year-old Red Bull Racing team principal, who won big in Abu Dhabi in December, said she “isn’t a good driver”. Last year, while detailing his daily routine, Christian said: “...Geri isn’t a good driver — she thinks everybody else is wrong.” He was much kinder when he talked about his wife’s culinary skills, however. Christian said the Spice Girl “cooks a mean scrambled eggs on toast”. Geri seems to be much better at riding horses than driving cars. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update He said he has taken up horse riding, because “Geri and the girls love to ride, so I’ve become a bit of a happy hacker”. Christian is stepfather to Geri’s daughter, Bluebell, 15. He has a daughter, Olivia, 8, from a previous relationship. The couple have a son together, Monty, 5. Christian was very successful at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix last December when his team secured the Formula One world championship. The couple, who have been married since 2015, celebrated together. An emotional Geri spoke about how proud she was of her husband. Telling the press at the event, she said: “I am just really proud of him, I'm proud of the whole team, Max. DON’T MISS:Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence [NEWS]Piers Morgan asks leaders with 'guts' to challenge 'genocidal' Putin [LATEST]John Cleese slams Donald Trump over latest Ukraine comments [COMMENT] “I mean, it is testimony to what a great team they are… “And of course I think they have got the best Team Principal.” When asked how tough the year had been for Christian, the 49-year-old replied: “Well, forgive me for being this honest, but I have to say, Christian told me this has been the toughest year he has ever experienced. “But, they are such a good team who pull together.” Geri’s older brother Max died suddenly last year after he collapsed at his Hertfordshire home. Geri was said to be “utterly broken” by the loss, according to The Sun. She was said to be going through a “terribly traumatic time”.