Jane McDonald is a staple to British television, having entertained fans since 1998. Her newest endeavour is Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire, where the star goes back to her roots and takes viewers on a nostalgic trip around Yorkshire and its surrounding areas, showcasing all the beauty it has to offer. For episode three of the show, she went to Emmerdale Farm to look at the long-running soap's original set. Joined by her best friend Sue Ravey, the pair took a tandem cycle tour of Knaresborough as well. While there, she met up with Emmerdale Farm's Frazer Hines, who played Joe Sugden for an impressive 1,371 episodes. Viewers got a special look inside the iconic location by joining the show veteran at the real Woolpack pub. Read More: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell ‘No thank you!’ The singer reminisced about her time watching the soap with her mother when it was originally called Emmerdale Farm, with Frazer telling her about his fond memories of the show. The show used to be filmed in the Yorkshire town Esholt, where the duo set up for the Channel 5 special. Diehard fans would have recognised this, but the new show is filmed in a purpose-built studio new Harewood as well as dropping the Farm from its title. Several locals to the area watching took issue with how the former Loose Woman panelist pronounced the town's name, making it sound like E-Shot. @JulieHu49007983 enjoyed the show but had a bone to pick with the star: "Lovely programme Jane but Esholt isn't pronounced E-shot. As a Yorkshire lass, you should research how places are said xx." John Darnbrook also enjoyed the show but picked up on the same issue: "Enjoying My Yorkshire very much. "Lovely to see a proper Yorkshire lass showing off our great county in your warm and friendly style! (As a local, amused by your pronunciation of Esholt. It's Esh-olt, not E-shot, you hilarious gem!)." "E-Shot? Sorry Jane, but as a fan of Emmerdale, you need to get that right, it's Esholt x," Howard Lawton contributed. DON’T MISS…Camila Cabello suffers wardrobe malfunction on The One Show 'Happens to the best of us!' [LATEST]NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war: 'Who cares!' [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST] Swapping Emmerdale stories, the pair noted how the show used to have a slower pace, unlike the current show, which has some pretty traumatic and dramatic storylines. So far, the Wakefield entertainer went down memory lane by showing off her home time in the first episode. She showcased the charming city and surrounding Yorkshire market towns and visited the village of Holmfirth, which was the setting for the sitcom Last of the Summer Wine. In episode two, she took in the delights of Oakworth Station. Another filming location Oakworth Station is the location for the iconic film The Railway Children. This isn't Jane's first documentary-style show with her making a splash in the 1998 BBC docu-soap The Cruise. She also starred in the BAFTA-winning Channel 5 show Cruising With Jane McDonald. Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire continues Sunday March 13 at 9pm on Channel 5