VAT is been scrapped on green home improvements with Rishi Sunak using the UK's newfound freedoms to rip up the EU rule book. In his Spring Statement, the Chancellor announced he is scrapping the tax cut on energy-saving materials. He said Brussels had blocked the UK from taking the action while a part of the bloc. Mr Sunak told the Commons: "As energy costs rise, we know that energy efficiency will make a big difference to bills. "But if homeowners want to install energy-saving materials, at the moment, only some items qualify for a five percent VAT relief and there are complex rules about who is eligible. "The relief used to be more generous but from 2019 the European Court of Justice (ECJ) required us to restrict its eligibility. READ MORE ON OUR BREXIT LIVE BLOG  "But thanks to Brexit we're no longer constrained by EU law so I can announce for the next five years homeowners having material like solar panels, heat pumps, or insulation installed will no longer pay five percent VAT, they will pay zero." The announcement was met with cheers from Conservatives in the Commons. A family installing solar panels would see tax savings of up to £1,000 according to the Chancellor. The panels would then help them save over £300 each year. Ministers have repeatedly said improving insulation and other home efficiencies measures is one of the best ways of reducing energy bills. Further making the use of Brexit freedoms, Mr Sunak added: "We will also reverse the EU's decision to take wind and water turbines out of scope and zero rate them as well.  "And, we will abolish all the red tape imposed on us by the EU." However, setting up for a fresh clash with Brussels, Mr Sunak admitted households in Northern Ireland would not benefit from today's announcements. Bureaucratic rules introduced after the UK left the EU as part of the Northern Ireland Protocol mean Northern Ireland is still subject to the bloc's tax rules. They are therefore still required to abide by the ECJ's ruling on green energy measures. DON'T MISS:Ukraine's ambassador backs Boris over Brexit-Ukraine comment [UPDATE]Lord Frost loses it with Ireland as he explodes at Simon Coveney [REACTION]Bitter France in bid to block next British NATO leader [INSIGHT]  "This policy highlights the deficiencies in the Northern Ireland Protocol because we won't immediately be able to apply it to Northern Ireland," he said. "But we will be raising it with the Commission as a matter of urgency." The UK is currently in talks with the EU about the implementation of the Northern Ireland Protocol. While it was agreed with Prime Minister Boris Johnson in 2019, he has since warned it is having a detrimental impact on the UK. Ministers want to renegotiate the terms of the mechanism to ensure that it is sustainable in the longer run. 