A weed is generally defined as any unwanted plant. Common garden weeds include dandelions, purslane, lamb’s quarters, bindweed, and pigweed. Weeds compete with plants for water, sunlight, and nutrients, but they can also harbour pests or diseases. All gardens can benefit from mulching, including plants and borders. One of the biggest benefits from using mulch is that it can help to get rid of weeds. Gardening experts at Grow Veg have shared how gardeners can beat weeds using mulch. Mulch is a thick layer of material placed over the soil and around plants, used for a variety of different reasons. It can help to control weeds, lock moisture into the soil as well as helping to protect the soil. Mulch could be garden compost, wood or bark chipping used to lay over the soil as a covering. It could also be homemade leafmould, used from gathered leaves last year or the year previous. READ MORE: Plants: Gardeners are warned against using typical watering method The gardening experts explained which weeds are the most “persistent”. They said: “Perennial weeds are those persistent blighters that regrow each year, as opposed to annual weeds which germinate, grow, flower and set seed within a single year. “Annual weeds are weaklings that can be dispatched with a sharp hoe – but perennial weeds are much more resilient.” The experts shared how mulching is an “easy” and “excellent” method of weed control. DON'T MISS: Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [TIPS]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [EXPERT]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT] They said: “Mulching is an excellent method of perennial weed control. “It provides a barrier that keeps weeds well below the surface, where most will eventually die due to lack of sunlight. “Mulches work particularly well around perennial crops such as fruit trees and bushes, but can be used with annual crops too. “It’s not an instant solution, but it will help you to keep on top of weeds and does away with regular epic weeding sessions.” The gardening pros noted that “organic” mulch is “wonderful” to “suppress” weeds. Organic mulch can consist of grass clippings, straw newspaper and cardboard. The experts said: “Organic mulches are wonderful because they not only suppress weeds but help to build better soil over time. “This gives them a clear advantage, not only over landscape fabric, but over digging out weeds too.” For this method, the first thing gardeners need to do is put down a “weed barrier”. The gardening experts said: “Newspaper is ideal (cardboard is okay too) as a permeable, completely biodegradable, soil-enhancing alternative to landscape fabric. “Lay your newspaper five or six sheets thick and overlap them generously to avoid gaps that weeds could push up through, then soak it well. “Cover the newspaper with at least two or three inches of loose, well-rotted organic mulch. “Well-rotted garden compost, manure, sawdust, shredded bark, leafmould, coir, or a mixture of organic materials, all work well as mulch.”