Daniel Craig has finally moved away from the role of James Bond, meaning the role is open for another actor to take over. The official announcement of Craig's 007 replacement will likely be coming later this year, but until then the bookies have been paying close attention to the Bond odds. Tom Hardy has been a favourite for some time but has recently lost his top spot. Now, it looks like he could lose his second-place position as well. Currently, at the top of the board is Bridgerton hunk Regé-Jean Page with 5/2 from BoyleSports. The Netflix actor has a passionate fanbase behind him, so he could have a good chance of taking the role before the year is out. However, he has recently explained how he is "flattered" by the notion, but is not convinced Bond boss Barbara Broccoli would actually hire him. Just behind Page is Hardy in second place. The Venom actor currently has 4/1, and doesn't show any sign of moving - yet. A new influx of betting seems to threaten the Batman actor's chances, and it comes from another superhero actor. Michael Fassbender - who is best known for playing Magneto in the X-Men series - has recently had a "sudden burst" of support in the betting, according to BoyleSport. His odds currently sit at 10/1, but that is a vast difference from the 16/1 he had in recent weeks. The bookies' Sarah Kinsella said: "We can’t explain the sudden burst of support for Michael Fassbender to become the next James Bond. It’s been months since any interest arrived for him at all and now he is 10/1 from 16/1 following a flood of support. It’s been the same few names that keep reoccurring in the betting with Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page the 5/2 favourite with Tom Hardy in behind at 4/1 so there isn’t much change there but the Fassbender move is interesting to say the least.” However, Fassbender is not keen on taking on the role of 007. READ MORE: Next James Bond ‘tough decision’ Barbara Broccoli on new 007 casting Michael Fassbender - who is best known for playing Magneto in the X-Men series - has recently had a "sudden burst" of support in the betting, according to BoyleSport. His odds currently sit at 10/1, but that is a vast difference from the 16/1 he had in recent weeks. The bookies' Sarah Kinsella said: "We can’t explain the sudden burst of support for Michael Fassbender to become the next James Bond. It’s been months since any interest arrived for him at all and now he is 10/1 from 16/1 following a flood of support. It’s been the same few names that keep reoccurring in the betting with Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page the 5/2 favourite with Tom Hardy in behind at 4/1 so there isn’t much change there but the Fassbender move is interesting to say the least.” However, Fassbender is not keen on taking on the role of 007.  Fassbender was asked if he would consider becoming Bond in the near future. He replied: "To be honest, no. As an acting role, I think Daniel has done such a cracking job in this age group ... No, I think the franchise needs something new." (Via GQ) There are plenty of other options on the cards, however. Currently, in third place is Idris Elba who has an impressive 7/1 on becoming Bond. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond ‘tough decision’ Barbara Broccoli on new 007 casting [INFO]James Bond: 'Terrified' Sean Connery was 'drunk' for iconic scene [INSIGHT] Elba has made waves in the TV space as Detective Luther, while also dominating the silver screen with roles such as Bloodsport in The Suicide Squad. But despite his great odds, he recently revealed he might be stepping away from acting. The London-based actor explained how his passion is in music as a DJ. And, for the foreseeable future, at least, he wants to take a step back from acting to give his music career a real shot. If Elba isn't interested, another star is just behind him in the Bond odds: a Game of Thrones actor. Richard Madden currently holds the fifth-place spot in the Bond odds. The Eternals actor has an incredible 9/1, but he has been reluctant to talk about the role in the past. Does this mean he is in talks for the role, or simply doesn't want to ruin his chances? James Bond No Time To Die is out on digital, DVD and Blu-ray now.