The Queen travelled from Windsor Castle with Prince Andrew in her state limousine and was supported by her second-born son as she walked through the Poet’s Corner towards her seat at Westminster Abbey. The Queen used a walking stick in her right hand and held on to Andrew’s elbow to her left as they walked down the aisle. They separated at the end of the aisle with the Queen sitting to the right next to Prince Charles and Andrew sitting on the front row across the aisle next to his younger brother Prince Edward among other senior royals. At the end of the thanksgiving service, Andrew escorted the Queen out the back of the Abbey and the pair were seen leaving together in the Queen’s car. Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond told The Express: “This was her way of quietly showing ‘OK, he messed up really badly, this was a disgrace, but he is my son’.” The Duke of York stepped down from royal duties in November 2019 and in January this year the Queen stripped him of military titles, royal patronages and lost the right to use the title His Royal Highness in an official capacity. READ MORE: Royal row: Prince Andrew sparks fierce conflict with Queen – Charles and William not happy The memorial service marks his first public appearance since his out-of-court settlement with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. The Queen’s decision to allow Andrew to attend the memorial service was thought to reflect that the service was a family event, more than an official engagement. Hundreds of family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of charities and organisations associated with Prince Philip were in attendance on Tuesday, March 29. This was in contrast to the 30 guests permitted at his funeral in Windsor last year – which Andrew also attended – limited due to the Covid pandemic. The service of thanksgiving was an opportunity to pay tribute to Philip’s dedication and commitment to the Royal Family, country and Commonwealth throughout his life. So what do YOU think? Should the Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her to Prince Philip’s memorial service? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.