Kitchens are multifunctional spaces that are known for being at the heart of the home. Due to their practicality, kitchens can sometimes look clinical, dull and overly utilitarian. However, a new colour trend has emerged which could be changing that for good. DIY SOS star and building expert Mark Millar has shared the “big trend” that is taking kitchen renovations by storm. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the new series of his Channel 5 show, Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar, the DIY pro said it’s all about “dark rooms” and “gold” fittings. He explained: “The big trend at the moment is dark rooms. “Dark kitchens and black taps but also a lot of the fittings are in gold. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “People are doing gold, brass and bronze. “They’re going dark and moody with the rooms. “The whole colour trend has moved over to dark colours now. “With the brass and the copper in handles, taps and fittings in the kitchen, it gives it a really rich, luxurious look.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home [INSIGHT]Huge mistake people make when painting walls and how to avoid it [UPDATE]DIY savvy woman saves ‘thousands’ transforming caravan for only £140 [ANALYSIS] A luxurious-looking kitchen doesn’t mean homeowners have to spend thousands of pounds on the room. In fact, Mark said the kitchen itself could be “very basic”. He added: “You don’t have to go overboard with the kitchen - but it’s the things you add to the kitchen like the handles and the taps and the light fittings. “It’s those little pieces that make it really bling. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If you have brass or copper against a dark background, it really does stand out. “It’s an architectural feature too.” The average cost of a kitchen in the UK is estimated to be around £8,000. However, the cost will vary depending on what the homeowner is looking for, the kitchen style, the size of the kitchen and other factors.  On the next episode of Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar, the building expert helps a couple create an incredible bathroom on a £4,000 budget. Steph and Paul, who live in Heysham, Lancashire, are drafting in Mark to help them create a maximalist-style bathroom in their eight-bedroom Victorian property. Mark also helps Debi and Simon in Pershore, Worcestershire create a unique, all-glass “spaceship" kitchen for £20,000. Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar airs at 7pm on Channel 5 on March 22