Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby welcomed Nicola Thorp and Mathew Wright onto Tuesday’s This Morning to discuss the headlines of the day. However, Phillip erupted when the panel focussed on Priti Patel’s latest announcement that Ukrainians “settled in the UK” can bring over “immediate Ukrainian family members”. The This Morning presenter questioned why the Government has focussed solely on “immediate family”. “Why are we not being more welcoming?” Phillip questioned. “Because Poland said come in, get out of there and get in here. “Whereas we’re setting out these rules, there was an elderly lady stuck at [Paris’s] Gare du Nord yesterday couldn’t get into the country. “Priti Patel stood up and shouted across the house that she could come and then the news afterwards, I’m not sure what the situation is now, she still couldn’t come.” Read more: James Martin derails co-star’s segment as he causes kitchen mayhem “But that’s one person why aren’t we flinging our doors open?” Phillip questioned. “A lot of people have said understandably that those Ukrainian families want to stay relatively close to the border, to Ukraine, in case they can go back.” He argued those who have “family and support” in the UK should be allowed entry into the country. Phillip said: “Not many of them want to travel this far but those who have got family and support and friends here. “Surely we should those restrictions and say, ’In you come.'” Phillip, Holly, Nicola and Matthew went on to discuss the international sanctions being imposed on Russia. Measures adopted include a number of Russian banks being cut out of the Swift international payments system by the EU, US, UK and Canada. Meanwhile, Fifa and Uefa have suspended Russian clubs and national teams from all competitions. DON'T MISSThis Morning star issues plea for stranded friend in Ukraine  [INSIGHT]This Morning faces backlash as fans spot problem with Ukraine tribute [VIDEO]'Can be your enemy’ James Martin issues warning over scone recipe [INTERVIEW] Discussing the sanctions, Phillip said: “It’s rolling on, finance, sport, it continues.” “And Disney films,” Nicola added. “The new Batman film won’t be shown over there. “Now it might seem like very small measures but this is a huge PR catastrophe for Putin because this is what is going to cut through. “No matter what the propaganda in the country people are going to notice their teams aren’t playing in sports anymore.” Interjecting, Holly said: “And ask why and that’s the important thing.” Matthew agreed: “Putin at the moment is blaming everything on the ‘empire of lies’ and that he himself has told the people of Ukraine he’s coming to save them. “It’s quite difficult how you save people by killing them and killing their children. “The key is to persuade the Russian people to turn against Putin, that way we can stop it and although that involves horrible effects on their day-to-day living, we’re also going to suffer in this country with higher energy bills, I think it’s absolutely critical that Putin’s mission is undermined.” This Morning airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.