Bruno Fernandes has been an excellent signing for Manchester United, but he has been given a reality check by Kevin De Bruyne after the Belgian pulled off a world-class performance in the Manchester derby. Manchester United were thumped 4-1 by Manchester City on Sunday and their players have been hung out to dry following a 'shameless' second half. Kevin De Bruyne stole the show with an iconic performance, and as the game went on it was a telling statement just how far ahead City are of their Manchester rivals. There weren't many great performances in the United side, but in the absence of star man Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes failed to step up and take the game to City. And he's been handed a reality check after De Bruyne took control of the game and embarrassed United. It's fair to say that Fernandes has been an exceptional signing for United, and the midfielder helped improve the side when he arrived in January 2020.  JUST IN: Arsenal can sign their new Welbeck as Arteta backed to raid Man Utd But the Portuguese star is still yet to inspire a trophy at United, and he was shown up by De Bruyne on Sunday as the Belgian delivered the complete performance. The only trophy that De Bruyne is yet to win at club level is the Champions League, and after easing past Sporting Lisbon 5-0 on aggregate, they are now into the last-eight of the competition. And during BT Sport's coverage of City's Champions League clash against Sporting, Joleon Lescott said that it's "night and day" between Fernandes and De Bruyne, in a damning reality check for the United man. "The comparison with Fernandes; it’s night and day," Lescott said. "He operates at such a high level, this isn’t a surprise. DON'T MISS Rio Ferdinand's angry response to calls from Man Utd stars' agentsMauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man UtdMan Utd and Liverpool's transfer plans take a hit from Ajax star   "He’s operating as an immortal, he hasn’t won it [the Champions League]. The weekend was a Kevin De Bruyne performance, it’s hard for me to compare." De Bruyne is very much in the prime of his career at the age of 30, but the Belgian has began to play slightly further back this season, dictating the play from a deeper position. Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard opted for a similar transition, while still influencing the games just as much, and De Bruyne was given huge praise by Owen Hargreaves who compared him to current Aston Villa boss. Hargreaves said on BT Sport: "He actually reminds me of Stevie G. He can do everything, if you can create a perfect midfielder, Kevin De Bruyne, Stevie G it’s them.  "They can virtually do everything, step up in moments." "As good as Manchester City are, he’s probably the best player they have and that says everything about him. He’s a breath of fresh air." City are just chasing the illusive Champions League crown, after dominating domestic trophies over the last few years, and they got so agonisingly close last season as they lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the final. It's looking a lot more likely this year though, and they are just three wins away from achieving their long-term goal in the competition. They'll eagerly await to see who they draw on March 18, but it's fair to say that no one wants to play City right now. 