It is an acknowledgement that the invasion of Ukraine has not gone as well as hoped with a high casualty rate and troops being bogged down by Ukrainian resistance. British Intelligence officials claim that Russia is “struggling” to overcome Ukrainian resistance due to the losses it has incurred.  They said: “As a result of these losses it is likely Russia is struggling to conduct offensive operations in the face of sustained Ukrainian resistance.” According to The Telegraph, Ukraine estimates that Russia has lost more than 12,000 soldiers with 3,000 taken prisoner. The first batch of troops could come from Armenia where Russia has a military presence and security presence maintaining a ceasefire with Azerbaijan following a war between Baku and Yerevan in 2020. Russian troops from the east and Pacific coast fleet based in Vladivostok are likely to be called into action but will take around 10 days to arrive.  It is unclear whether Russian warships will be able to get into the Black Sea as under the Montreux Convention international agreement, Turkey can restrict entry to the Black Sea in times of conflict. Russia is also expecting to rely on mercenaries including the notorious Wagner Group who are believed to be currently active in Libya, Syria, Venezuela and central Africa. Although Moscow formally keeps a distance from the group it is believed they receive informal support from the Russian military. Chechen fighters are also being deployed to Ukraine encouraged by the pro-Putin leader of the Chechen Republic Ramzan Kadyrov. READ MORE:Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out VIDEO Syrian troops too are being deployed, according to a video produced by the Russian Defence Ministry. However, it is believed that they may struggle with the freezing temperatures in Ukraine and won’t be sent to the front line. It is likely they will be used to “hold captured territory” according to an MoD official quoted in The Telegraph. Ben Barry, of the International Institute of Strategic Studies, outlined two main reasons why Putin may use foreign fighters. DON'T MISS:  Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REVEAL] Putin's daughter 'flipped out' after hearing of father's big news [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin's new low - hundreds feared dead  [SPOTLIGHT] Firstly, Mr Barry argues, the loss of mercenaries such as The Wagner Group will be more palatable to the Russian public even though many members are former Russian soldiers. Secondly Mr Barry argued these troops may be prepared to take more risks than Moscow’s conventional forces. He said: “It may be that previous experience of fighting with these contingents gives the Russian military a degree of trust. “For example, there may be a Syrian militia Russia thinks is particularly effective. “These people may be prepared to take higher risks.” 