Charles Leclerc won the first Formula 1 race of the new season as Max Verstappen suffered car problems at the end of the race, missing out on the points at the Bahrain GP altogether. The result proved to be a real milestone for Ferrari, as they led every lap of a race for the first time since the Belgian Grand Prix in 2018. The Italian team lived up to the pre-season hype by proving to have the fastest car on the track in this curtain-raiser. In truth Leclerc's victory would have been comfortable, had it not been for a late safety car caused by Pierre Gasly's AlphaTauri catching fire with 10 laps to go. But the Monegasque was helped by an apparent mechanical issue with Verstappen's steering which prevented him from a late challenge. As for the rest of the grid, Sergio Perez also missed out after his engine locked up on the final lap, and Mercedes took advantage as Lewis Hamilton and George Russell finished third and fourth respectively, McLaren had the disaster they feared they might suffer and Haas finally got the points they have been waiting so long to be rewarded with. Here are your driver ratings for the Bahrain Grand Prix: Was the first to pit, fitting the hard tyres before the pit window opened. Had a slightly embarrassing moment as he came out, almost losing control of the car and being overtaken by the debutant Zhou. Did about as well as he could considering the Mercedes car looks incapable of competing with Ferrari at the moment, and will be delighted with a third-placed finish after Red Bull's late horror show. Mr Saturday didn't have a great qualifying, going only ninth fastest behind the man he replaced Bottas and even Magnussen in his Haas. But on race day things improved, and he managed to move up to fourth to finish behind his team-mate. JUST IN: Why F1 season could be determined by Hamilton Benefitted from a perfectly timed pit stop which saw him close three seconds on the leader Leclerc over just one lap. Then was engaged in a brilliant dogfight with the Ferrari racer between laps 17 and 20, but was unable to make any of his moves stick. Lost his rag with his team a little after his second stop, which was much slower than Leclerc's was, before a mechanical issue forced him out of the race through no fault of his own. Overtook Hamilton on lap 10 which was far easier than it might have been last year. Was the fastest man on the track for a significant period of the race. Also failed to finish as Red Bull collapsed at the finish. Third throughout the race, and always looked safe from any challenge from Perez behind, then finished second. Will be very happy to start his season with a podium, but maybe less pleased to have been so far behind his Ferrari team-mate for so long. Some brilliant defensive driving to keep Verstappen at bay as the Dutchman piled the pressure on him in that dogfight around a third of the way into the race. After being beaten by his team-mate in the standings last season, he was a long way ahead of Sainz for pretty much the entirety of the race. His lead threatened by the late safety car, but he would not be denied. A perfect start to his season! A disastrous weekend for McLaren in general. Had fallen to 18th by lap 11, and never looked likely to compete for points. Not necessarily the driver's fault, though, as it's clear the problems lie with the car. Everything written above applies to Ricciardo as well, except that he was dead last at the same point. He will desperately hope that better things are ahead over the course of the season. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen passes two-word verdict on revised Bahrain track limitsMercedes boss Toto Wolff stumped by Red Bull gapMax Verstappen 'won't change' despite Lewis Hamilton clashes Struggled a lot at the beginning of the race and complained over radio that he was struggling to get anything from his tyres. Overall, his race pace looked off, but the Spaniard managed to take points thanks to Red Bull's late disaster. Was the first to be given a penalty this season, having five seconds added to his time for causing Schumacher to spin on the first lap. But his pace looked good and he ended up working his way into the points as he would have hoped. A decent day all round. Was delighted to make the top 10 in qualifying, which was surprising considering he was a regular fixture there last year. Looked set to start the season with points, but overheated to the point his car caught fire as he became the first driver to retire this season. Rotten luck for the Frenchman. Responded to a poor qualifying session with a race which largely showed maturity beyond his years. Got the points his team needed after Gasly suffered that loss of power which ended his race with just 10 laps to go. Had done well to qualify ahead of his temporary team-mate while standing in for Sebastian Vettel, who tested positive for Covid-19. But was never in contention for points with the Aston Martin car looking a long way off what they would like it to be. Might have been embarrassed after being beaten by Hulkenberg in qualifying, but was much more comfortable than the other Aston Martin driver on race day. Never looked likely to trouble the points, until he was suddenly thrust up to 12th with Red Bull's disaster. Possibly exceeded expectations by reaching Q2 on Saturday, and Williams do not look to be in a position to be challenging for points in these early stages of the season. Stayed out of trouble, and probably got about as good of a result as he could. Started from the very back of the grid and never looked likely to make too many inroads. Largely made up the numbers this weekend, did the Canadian. After a brilliant qualifying result, his start was a disaster as he fell down to 14th from sixth. Steadily made his way further up the order, showing patience and the buckets of experience he has. Held on well for points. A lot of attention on Zhou as the first Chinese driver ever in F1. Even if his racing career goes nowhere, an overtake on Hamilton in his Mercedes will be a story to tell the grandkids. Managed to get a point to round of what was a rather impressive debut overall! Got off to a great start and moved up to fifth, but repeatedly made errors in turn 1 which saw him picked off at times. Worked his way back up to seventh, though, and delivered a good haul of points on his return to F1. Suffered an early spin after some unfriendly contact from Ocon on the first lap, but seemed to recover pretty well. Might have ensured double points for Haas, but fell out of 10th after the safety car restart and narrowly missed out. They will come, though.