An unhealthy diet can increase your chances of having a stroke because it may lead to an increase in your blood pressure and cholesterol levels. The Stroke Association warned that the catastrophic event occurs every five minutes in the UK. One way to avoid or lower your risk, may be to cut certain foods and drinks from your diet. Indeed, research into energy drinks suggests they may sometimes be bad for our health. Nataly Komova, fitness and nutritionist expert at JustCBD says most energy drinks are filled with high caffeine amounts that can cause heart-related conditions, “such as cardiac arrhythmia, angina, and abrupt death”. She said while coffee may be good, “energy drinks contain megadoses, making them risky”. The expert added: “That's due to the stimulant effect that elevates the heart rate, triggering heart-disease onset that raises the risk of stroke.” Indeed, Cleveland HeartLab notes: ”Energy drinks are popular with people who want a power boost, including children and athletes. But these drinks, which contain caffeine, sugar, herbs, and other ingredients, may do more harm than good.” The health body notes a recent study from the University of Texas Health Science Centre in Houston (UTHealth) found that having just one energy drink had a bad effect on the flow of blood through the arteries, which could lead to serious heart problems. Researchers did special tests of the blood vessels in 44 healthy students and then gave each of them a 24-ounce energy drink. When the tests were repeated one and a half hours later, the students’ blood vessels were much narrower. That means less blood can flow through them. UTHealth warns: “It’s not the first time that questions have been raised about the effects of energy drinks on the heart.” Indeed: “A 2016 study found that energy drinks can raise blood pressure, which greatly increase the risk of heart attack and stroke. “Research from 2017 showed that they can also cause problems with heart rate. And other dangerous heart problems have been linked to energy drinks, even in young people.” The American Heart Association (AHA) says energy drinks may provide a “jolt to heart” according to research. Three to four hours after drinking 32 ounces of energy drinks, it explains one study found the heart’s electrical activity was abnormal compared to drinking a placebo drink. The National Centre for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH) explains a growing body of scientific evidence shows that energy drinks can have serious health effects, particularly in children, teenagers, and young adults. NCCIH notes the amounts of caffeine in energy drinks vary widely, and the actual caffeine content may not be identified easily. It warns: “Large amounts of caffeine may cause serious heart and blood vessel problems such as heart rhythm disturbances and increases in heart rate and blood pressure. “Caffeine also may harm children’s still-developing cardiovascular and nervous systems.” The NHS says the main stroke symptoms include changes to the face. Your face may have dropped on one side, the person may not be able to smile, or their mouth or eye may have drooped. Signs may also occur on the arms – “the person may not be able to lift both arms and keep them there because of weakness or numbness in one arm”, says the NHS. Their speech may be slurred or garbled, “or the person may not be able to talk at all despite appearing to be awake” and “they may also have problems understanding what you're saying to them”, adds the health body. It notes: “Even if the symptoms disappear while you're waiting for the ambulance to arrive, an assessment in a hospital should still be done.