After two years ‘Working From Home’, two thirds of the nation have packed up makeshift desks in their kitchens, bedrooms and studies and darted back to their offices. And new research by sanitising solutions firm INEOS Hygienics found that's seen the return of coffee and tea-runs, bosses ordering in buffet-style treats for staff, colleague hugs and even after-work drinks. Overall, 15 per cent of office staff are happy to be hugged by colleagues and 20 per cent are okay with the use of communal company mugs - as long as they are washed in a dishwasher. Around one in five (22 per cent) said they would be happy to have a quick face-to-face natter at the watercooler – a situation previously banned by social distancing rules. And the after-work pint has made a return too - with almost half (47 per cent) having already enjoyed a cold beer or glass of wine with colleagues since heading back to their buildings. Yet the report found seven out of ten (68 per cent) of workers still have concerns about the hand hygiene of colleagues, with one in five (20 per cent) not quite ready to shake hands in meetings. It also emerged another six out of ten (60 per cent) said they would happily suggest colleagues should sanitise or wash their hands more frequently - while nine out of ten (90 per cent) will keep sanitiser readily available on their desk. George Ratcliffe, Chief Operating Officer of INEOS Hygienics, said: “Slowly but surely things are starting to return to normal, or certainly a new normal.  “And getting back into the office is a hugely important, if not vital part, of that. “We spend so long at work many of these traditions of office life form part of our routine and increase our overall wellbeing, so the fact they are starting to become the norm is great news. “It’s not that long ago that people wouldn’t have wanted someone else to make their tea or coffee over Covid fears. "So, it’s a fillip for the nation that we are able to enjoy these practices again.” The study of 1,000 officer workers also found ‘the great return to work’ has prompted widespread extra camaraderie in the office (32 per cent). Being able to once again wear ‘grown-up clothes’ which have lay dormant in the wardrobe for two years in favour of pyjamas and tracksuits is a welcome change for 21 per cent. While being able to enjoy nice lunches, (20 per cent), watch your favourite film or boxset on the commute (11 per cent), or finally start a book on the train or bus (14 per cent) were also big positives of the office return. Yet researchers found 45 per cent of staff are still not touching handrails on stairs, while 32 per cent said they would prefer to use the stairs rather than getting in the lift, as they ‘didn’t have to touch any buttons’.  Almost four out of ten (39 per cent) still even try to avoid using office toilets, to minimise the risk of contracting Covid. And it also emerged around six out of ten (64 per cent) returning staff are concerned about the possibility of attending large meetings. And around one in 20 staff are still reluctant to return to work and are in talks about other possibilities. Mr Ratcliffe added: “Hygiene is still the order of the day in this new post-pandemic world, and that is the responsibility of everyone. “But despite there being a few lingering fears, it’s great to see that the British spirit hasn't faded - with colleagues still feeling comfortable heading out for a beer or two after work.”  See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest