Nazanin, 43, described her dismay that it took five Foreign Secretaries to secure her release from prison in Iran. Speaking for the first time since her return, she said: "How many Foreign Secretaries does it take for someone to come home?  "Five? What's happened now should have happened six years ago. I was told many, many times, 'Oh, we're going to get you home', that never happened." The four ministers who failed to get Nazanin released were Philip Hammond, Boris Johnson, Jeremy Hunt and Dominic Raab, while present incumbent Liz Truss succeeded. The dual British-Iranian charity worker was arrested in Tehran in 2016 after taking her then 22-month-old daughter Gabriella to see her parents. Nazanin was falsely accused of trumped-up spying charges and sentenced to five years in jail, which was extended by a further year. She was released last week with fellow prisoner Anoosheh Ashoori after Ms Truss negotiated a deal to repay Iran a £400million arms deal debt that dated back nearly 40 years. Nazanin looked happy and relaxed at a news conference in Westminster with husband Richard, 45, their Labour MP Tulip Siddiq and Tahrane Tahbaz, the daughter of still-jailed Morad Tahbaz.  Nazanin said: "I've been a pawn in the hands of two governments. What upset me all these years was my life was linked to something that had nothing to do with me." Asked if she was angry at the British Government, she said: "I cannot be happier that I'm here. "But this should have happened six years ago. I think that answers your question. "I always felt like I'm holding this black hole in my heart but I'm just going to leave that black hole in my heart on the plane. Cruel "I'm not going to live the rest of my life with a grudge." Nazanin said her ordeal "has been cruel", adding: "It's a bit early to hold that grudge. "It took a very, very long time for the politicians to sort it out."  She thanked her campaigning husband, who went on two hunger strikes, describing Richard as "amazing" and paid tribute to the "patience" of Gabriella, seven, who was presented with a teddy bear gift by Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle. Nazanin also demanded other Iranian detainees be released, saying: "I was the lucky one." Richard, meanwhile, was celebrating his "retirement" day and said of Nazanin: "I am super proud of her strength and her survival and her grace." 