Gary Neville has expressed his doubts over Erik ten Hag's suitability to solve the problems at Manchester United amid reports that the Dutchman is interim chief Ralf Rangnick's preferred candidate to take on the top job at Old Trafford in the summer. Rangnick was handed the reins until the end of the season to give United the time required to source a suitable replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. And the German, who is poised to transition into a consultancy role at the end of the season, is set to have a big say in who United appoint as their new permanent manager. While Mauricio Pochettino has also been persistently linked with the United job, recent reports have claimed that Rangnick's preferred candidate is Ten Hag. The 52-year-old has earned rave reviews during his tenure at Ajax. JUST IN: Arsenal 'learn Chelsea's Broja transfer price' as raid eyed Ten Hag has guided the Dutch giants to two Eredivisie titles during his five years at the helm and is currently vying for a third domestic crown this year. Rangnick has reportedly been 'charmed' by Ten Hag's style, and he's prepared to throw his weight behind the Ajax chief when he meets with the board at the end of the season. And it's also been claimed that, unlike Pochettino, Ten Hag's release clause is minimal and, as such, he's a much more obtainable option than the former Tottenham chief. However, Neville has shared his doubts over the duo in the wake of United's chastening 4-1 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday. MUST READArsenal legend Graham pinpoints three 'heavy' transfersArsenal's Martinez hopes over as agent drives final nail in coffinArsenal boss Arteta confirms transfer 'priority' as he makes demand United were torn to shreds after the break by Pep Guardiola's side to leave their top-four aspirations hanging by a thread. Neville and another former United icon, Roy Keane, were scathing in their post-match assessment of the display. And Neville has opened up on his concerns over the suitability of both Ten Hag and Pochettino, given the enormity of the task that awaits whoever does take the reins at Old Trafford in the summer. He said: “If you look at Pochettino and Ten Hag who are the two that keep getting mentioned. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ “Pochettino we don’t even know if they can get from Paris Saint-Germain. Have they got the personality to come in to Manchester United? “The scale of the club, the issues that exist there at this moment in time – are they able to have the personality and character and the strategic planning of how to manage up and down? “To influence up, to take over the planning of the training ground, to redevelop the stadium, all the stuff you think a great manager would do. “I’m not sure Pochettino and ten Hag have got that in them.”