Pancreatic cancer develops in the organ on top of the stomach. The pancreas is responsible for digestion and secreting hormones, such as insulin, but such functions fall to the wayside when cancer intrudes. One possible indication of pancreatic cancer is the whites of the eyes turning yellow, the NHS certified. This could be a sign of jaundice, which might be accompanied by itchy skin, darker pee, and paler poo. As appetite is disturbed, a person with cancer may lose a noticeable amount of weight. Signs of cancer in the way you look: READ MORE: Deltacron – A 'hybrid' variant of Omicron and Delta – warning signs of an infection "If you have another condition like irritable bowel syndrome [IBS] you may get symptoms like these regularly," the NHS added. For people with IBS, you must notify your doctor if your symptoms change, get worse, or do not feel normal for you. Any indication of jaundice (yellowing of the whites of the eyes) should be brought to the attention of NHS 111, who can arrange a phone call with a nurse or doctor if needs be. Many symptoms associated with pancreatic cancer can be attributed to many other health conditions. However, it is best to seek advice from a medical professional who can investigate the underlying cause. Medical investigations might involve doing a urine sample or blood tests. Hospital referrals might be given too, just to investigate your symptoms further. Further testing might involve an ultrasound scan, a biopsy, or an MRI scan. How can I reduce my risk of pancreatic cancer? There are three key ways to minimise the risk of pancreatic cancer from developing. For instance, it is helpful to cut down on how much red and processed meat you consume; red and processed meat includes ham, bacon, and salami. The reduction of alcohol consumption may also be helpful, as well as not smoking. The NHS did warn, however, that "anyone can get pancreatic cancer" – regardless of how many risk factors are averted. This means, for example, that a tee-total vegetarian non-smoker may still develop pancreatic cancer, although the risk for doing so is reduced. Pancreatic cancer is more common over the age of 75, and for those who have suffered from long-term chronic pancreatitis. Moreover, a family history of pancreatic cancer can also heighten a person's risk. Should pancreatic cancer be diagnosed, treatment will depend on the size of the tumour.