British billionaire Nick Candy has promised to give Chelsea fans a seat on the board should his bid to takeover the west London outfit prove successful. Roman Abramovich is looking for a quick sale of Chelsea after the Russian had his UK assets frozen by the UK Government. Those sanctions have raised further uncertainty on what the future holds for Chelsea. The sale process is seemingly halted by the sanctions in place on Abramovich with prospective buyers queuing up to start the bidding process. Candy appears to be at the front of the queue once sale talks reopen and is prepared to open with a bid in the region of £2.5billion. The property tycoon was present at Stamford Bridge on Sunday for Chelsea's home game against Newcastle. JUST IN: Chelsea and Newcastle fans clash outside Stamford Bridge  And, speaking to Sky Sports News, Candy explained exactly why he is pushing to buy Chelsea now. "I've supported Chelsea since the age of four," he said. "My dad was asked to play for Chelsea. I love Chelsea. "I don't mind where it ends up, even if it's not with me. As long as it's in safe hands." DON'T MISS  When asked whether the fans should be involved in the ownership, Candy added: "100 per cent. "The fans should be involved in the ownership, both on the board and economically." Chelsea's immediate future appears secure for now with the government offering a 'special licence' for the club to continue operating as normal. But only season-ticket holders are able to attend matches while sanctions in place currently deny Chelsea the opportunity to negotiate new contracts. However, Chelsea technical director Petr Cech has admitted he doesn't know whether Chelsea will be able to finish the current season. "We have to admit that we go day by day, because it’s not in our hands," Cech said. "The conversations are going on (so) that we can operate in a way that we can finish the season. "Obviously it’s a difficult situation and we’re part of the Premier League as well, one of the best competitions in the world and I believe that for us to carry on to finish the season, it would obviously help everybody involved in the Premier League too. "We have a lot of questions but not many answers. But we are determined to concentrate on things we can control, which is working with people, supporting each other, come to training, focus on the games. "It’s probably the only thing we can control at the moment and the team have the support around to do it."