Fuming locals in Lostwithiel, Cornwall, are setting up patrols to stop the garlic thieves, who have reportedly been illegally foraging from public paths. The naturally-growing bulbs have become a trendy ingredient recently. Now Cornish locals say strangers are “decimating” the wildlife in their local area to grab sacks of the stuff. They believe the thieving “foodies” are selling their ill-gotten gains to restaurants and at farmer’s markets. It is legal for individuals in the UK to harvest wild plants for their own use, but selling them is prohibited. It follows a local report on Monday that a man had been seen cutting “all the garlic” from a lane and putting it into a large plastic bag.  READ MORE: Eight of the best bluebell woods in Carmarthenshire One resident posted on Facebook: “I saw a man with a knife and a large (bin bag size) plastic bag harvesting all the garlic. I asked him where he cooked – near Bodmin? “So I wondered why he didn’t get garlic closer to home: ‘oh we've destroyed it all!’ “So I asked him not to destroy ours. He laughed and said: ‘I'll try not to’. They added that the experience had left them “very sad and a little angry”, and that the person “should know better” than to “destroy” the plant. Villagers have reported the thefts to local promotional company ‘Taste of the West’. However, they are now taking matters into their own hands, planning patrols to clamp down on the plant pilferers. Another resident revealed she also witnessed people picking wild garlic and in the process “destroying whole swathes of plants”. She said they had told her it was to make pesto that they would be selling. DON'T MISS Thousands of Britons plunged into 'total darkness' [INSIGHT] UK troops graves daubed with Russian Z symbol [REPORT] Putin has legs cut from beneath him as Russian morale 'shockingly low' [REVEAL] The resident claimed: “They told me that they were making it for the Royal Cornwall Show.” Other locals have spotted similar activity in their area, with one spotting collectors with “sacks lined up all along the road". “By the time I'd parked and walked back up they'd gone. I wish I'd taken a note of the registration. “We all forage a bit of garlic, nettles etc for cooking, but this is on a commercial scale and not good.” Some residents believed that the prominence of foraged foods on television had pushed the drive in wild garlic picking. One local said that “all the edible plants could well disappear” as “[we] don't need restaurateurs stripping our hedges and verges”. British Local Food says that people are allowed to pick wild plants “as long as it is for personal consumption”, but not for sale or reward. Specifically in the case of wild garlic, they stress that pickers must “always leave most of the wild garlic behind to ensure there will be enough in the future”. Colin Martin, councillor for Lostwithiel, said: “I'm sure I'm not the only one who wasn't aware of the difference between foraging for personal consumption and foraging for commercial gain. “It makes perfect sense when you think about it, but I guess it comes as a surprise to discover a law that's actually based on common sense.” He added that one of the individuals in question “is likely to have been misled or exploited” by someone else, which he hoped would “make a different to the way people respond if they see this happening”.