Eight Russian cruise missiles hit the International Center for Peacekeeping and Security in Yavoriv, just 10 miles from Poland, a NATO member state. The blast killed at least 35 people and injured 134. While details about the people killed in the attack have not been released, Col. Anton Mironovich, director of public affairs at the National Army Academy in Lviv and a point person for foreign fighters said: "All legionnaires are safe. No killed, no injured!" Describing the attack, former British soldier, James, said: "We woke up to shooooooo. "I just lied there and thought, I’m going to die. "And then there was just a big bang." He continued: "A couple of buildings got hit, and you could hear it. "One they decimated and there was one that was on fire. "And then there was just frag[mentation] everywhere. "And a crater the size of one of the ones in the man in the moon in the middle of camp." James also confirmed that he did not see anyone from the foreign group at Yavoriv injured in the attack. LIVE UPDATES: Ukraine LIVE: Terrifying map shows Putin's barbaric war Another British fighter and UK military veteran said he had just climbed into his sleeping bag when the attack took place. He said: "It was f***ing lovely. It was just like being f***ing cuddled. "It was the first time I’d been comfortable in f***ing days. "And then literally as I went zip and put my eye mask on everything went ... f***". DON'T MISS: Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [ANALYSIS] Brave Russian protesters defy Vladimir Putin's brutal crackdown [REPORT] Fox News presenter claims Biden is befriending Putin [REACTION] A Ukrainian officer, who asked to remain anonymous, said that the attack was "a message to the international community". The attack came just a day after Sergei Ryabkov, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister, said that any weapons deliveries to Ukraine from the West would be seen as legitimate targets. After the attack, Russia’s Defense Ministry released a statement threatening further attacks on similar targets, adding that they will continue to target foreign mercenaries. It said: "At these facilities, the Kyiv regime deployed a training centre for foreign mercenaries before being sent to the areas of hostilities against Russian military personnel, as well as a storage base for weapons and equipment coming from foreign countries. "As a result of the strike, up to 180 foreign mercenaries and a large shipment of foreign weapons were destroyed. "The destruction of foreign mercenaries who arrived on the territory of Ukraine will continue." But speaking to CNN, Ukrainian Defense Ministry spokesperson Markiyan Lubkivsky dismissed the claim that 180 people had been killed as "pure Russian propaganda". Speaking about why he came to fight in Ukraine, one US soldier told BuzzFeed News: "Women and children were being bombed. "I sort of lost my respect for NATO when I saw that they weren’t doing anything. I was kind of angry." Explaining why he thought the loss of life wasn't higher during Sunday's attack, he said: "We’d had good drills with air raids and everyone was making it out real quick."