Bedroom interior is often down to personal taste but sometimes property owners can find themselves being swayed by popular trends. Although some trends can stand the test of time, others can quickly leave interiors looking outdated and can “set a bad tone” for the rest of the property. Georgina Burnett, property and interiors expert and presenter for This Morning, explained a few “important” bedroom interior design trends to avoid, especially for those who are interested insetting their house. She noted how bold colours should only be used when done expertly. Georgina said: “I think it’s wonderful that people are venturing away from ‘greige’ for the bedroom and experimenting with bolder colours. “This has to be done expertly though and in small doses if you’re looking to sell. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how “Remember that colour is as divisive as Brexit so you’re better off just going for wider appealing neutrals with accent colours in cushions and accessories.” Neutral tones painted in the bedroom will help sell a property faster as potential buyers are able to easily visualise how they can make the property their own without any distractions. Georgina also explained how homeowners should avoid large statement headboards if they are planning on selling. She said: “Supersize headboards are huge for 2022 and can be a great feature, but only if the room can take it. DON'T MISS:Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels [INSIGHT]Five daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [TIPS]Orchid care: ‘Important’ tips for repotting houseplant for spring [EXPERT] “Go too big, chunky or bright for the size and lighting available and it will make the room appear smaller to prospective buyers. “You may love diamonte headboards, crystal chandeliers and sparkle encrusted dressing tables, but it’s quite a statement that may not be everyone’s cup of morning tea. “Although easy for them to change, you want to set a tone that allows everyone to imagine themselves waking up in this room right now.” The interior expert also noted how large beds can result in making the room feel “cramped” and “unliveable”. Georgina explained: “The Bridgerton effect saw sales of four-poster beds go through the roof and when you have the space, this can be well received at viewings. “Trying to cram a large bed into a teeny room though, will have quite the opposite result as it makes the room feel more cramped and unliveable.” Not only can beds make a room feel cramped, but clutter also has the same effect. Georgina said: “2021 was the year of storage solutions as we all followed the trend to declutter and organise. “Wedging pieces of furniture into every inch of a room, however, can ironically make a room feel more cluttered. “So whilst it’s important not to have your ‘stuff’ littered everywhere, you’d be better off putting it into storage whilst selling your home.” Despite its popularity, bedroom art can often set a “bad tone” for the rest of the house. The interior expert added: “Bedroom art has become popular in recent years. “Whilst I agree investing in a piece for the bedroom that makes your heart sing every morning when you wake up is a good idea, it might make others’ hearts sink and when someone can’t see past a feature like this it can set a bad tone for the rest of the home.”