The first few months of 2022 have delivered three generous helpings of severe weather. Four named storms - Corrie, Dudley, Eunice and Franklin - made landfall in one three-week period from January 30 to February 21. Forecasts believe the weather will likely stay settled over the next few days, gifting Britons a bright weekend. As people end the week on a sunny Friday, they likely hope the bright weather might continue over the next few days. According to the latest forecasts, they can expect more of the same for the week to come. Temperatures will reach their highest of 2022 - at least so far - over the next few days. READ MORE: UK weather forecast: Britain to bask in hottest day of the year The latest Met Office forecast shows that temperatures and sunny conditions will extend through this weekend. After a Friday of 16C maximums, London will remain the hottest part of the country. Although slightly cooler, Saturday will see wall-to-wall sunshine with 12C highs. Those comparatively high temperatures will even spread further north, parts of which were, until recently, blanketed with snow. From around 12pm on Saturday, March 19, those living on the northern Scottish coast can enjoy similar conditions. As will those living in the Midlands around Manchester and Birmingham. While it won't offer the same optimal conditions, Sunday should remain fine for most. Weather maps from WXCharts show temperatures will dip back into the single figures. Even in the south, the day will start chilly with single figure lows of 2C. Growing water throughout the day, the highest temperatures will stick to London and the southeast. There, people can expect low double-figure highs of 10C tops. The national average for March 20 should stay around 8C for most of the south and Midlands. Further north in Scotland, weather patterns will diverge from the south again, typically remaining between 3C to 4C. At a maximum, Scots living in and around Inverness and Edinburgh could see 6C to 7C. In the days following, much of the UK will experience the first mini heatwave of 2022. Early forecasts from the Met Office have predicted three days of 17C highs from Tuesday, March 22 to Thursday, March 17.