Naga Munchetty, 47, has taken to Twitter to share a message about violence against women. The presenter quote-tweeted a post by London Mayor Sadiq Khan. Sadiq shared a video highlighting the issue of violence against women and wrote a short caption to accompany the message. The video showed a young woman being harassed by a young man. The video then cuts to the thought process of one of the young man’s friends, as he debates whether or not to intervene. Sadiq wrote in the caption to his 3.2 million followers: “Male violence against women and girls starts with words. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint “If you see it happening, have a word with yourself—then your mates. “#HaveAWord.” Naga then replied in view of her own 267,100 followers, saying that she couldn’t imagine how many women have been in the depicted situation. The BBC Breakfast star wrote: “I can only imagine the number of women who have been in this situation before. “#speakup.” Fans were super quick to jump on the comments and share their own thoughts about the video. @Saffronflowers penned: “Just watching that, just brings back so many occasions, that feeling of trying to make yourself invisible.” @EmmaW4rren said: “Wow, this made me cry and feel so very tense. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] “Will share with my teenage son.” @Sham145084845 said: “As a mum of boys, thank you for this video. “It makes explaining the issue much easier & why they shouldn't turn a blind eye to it. “Would love to see more examples. “This includes harassment from drunks, builders, at school, at work, on public transport etc.” @Ceciliaissmart wrote: “Brilliant. Made me cry. “As more vocal girl, I used to negotiate these situations by joking it off. “But it is NOT funny and it excuses the behaviour. Lads have got this.”