Ant and Dec were back on Saturday night with their ITV show Saturday Night Takeaway. The duo welcomed Line of Duty actress Anna Maxwell-Martin, who was this weekend's guest announcer, while viewers were also treated to two performances by Michael Buble. However, the audience couldn't hide their delight when Stephen Mulhern made an appearance on stage. The presenter was back to host another round of Ant vs Dec, and as he came out on stage, the audience began chanting his name. "I am here, guys," Stephen began. "The ratings were down, they needed me back." "I'm here, I'm here," he repeated as Dec chipped in: "That's enough." READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? Ant joked: "That's enough, his head is big enough as it is." "Stephen, we haven't seen you since show one, where the hell have you been?" Dec quizzed. Stephen joked: "Let's just say when your private jet breaks down and you get stuck in Hollywood, there's not a lot you can do." "No seriously, I haven't been too well," Stephen added as he gave an update on his health. "So thank you for all of your lovely messages." He continued: "Do you know something? Forget about that all now because the show must go on!" Viewers were thrilled to see Stephen back on the show, and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Ross penned: "It’s great to see Stephen Mulhern back #SaturdayNightTakeaway." (sic) Rachel tweeted: "Have really missed Stephen Mulhern on #SaturdayNightTakeaway. He is the cherry on the show." DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] While Ryan wrote: "The king of entertainment is back where he belongs. STEPHEN!!!! STEPHEN!!! We've missed you #SaturdayNightTakeaway." (sic) User @OfficialCWH added: "The king…has returned. Glad Stephen Mulhern is back on TV." "Stephen’s back tonight!! So glad he’s feeling better, was weird without Ant vs Dec #SaturdayNightTakeaway," user @allantanddec commented. On March 12, Stephen also took to social media to update his followers about where he had been. In view of his 677,000 followers, the presenter admitted he had been resting up. He penned: "Hello all, Sorry I’ve been quiet on here recently and thank you for all your lovely messages. I’ve had some time off and been resting up on doctor's orders. "I’m on the mend, I’m happy to say, and looking forward to getting back to work soon. In the meantime..." He later added: "I’ll put my feet up and watch Saturday Night Takeaway tonight with the rest of you lot. Please don’t miss me too much! Lots of love, Stephen. X" (sic) Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway returns on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.