Arsenal icon David Seaman has pinpointed four players for praise for helping close the gap behind Liverpool and Manchester City this season. The Gunners are currently in the driving seat to return to Champions League football through a fourth-place finish amid an impressive run under Mikel Arteta. Many questioned Arteta's credentials after he could only guide Arsenal to back-to-back eighth-place finishes in 2020 and 2021. And last season, the club missed out on European football altogether for the first time in over two decades. Pressure on the Spaniard increased following a dreadful start to this season, but 'the process' is now coming together, and Arsenal look better than they ever have since Arsene Wenger's 2018 departure. Saturday's 1-0 win at Aston Villa was Arsenal's sixth win in seven Premier League games. And Seaman has cited the strong partnerships in Arteta's defence and midfield as a primary reason the Gunners are nearing a return amongst Europe's elite next season. He told Sky Sports: "The [Aston] Villa result was so big because it came off the back of the Liverpool defeat. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher weighs in on Gary Neville's scathing Man Utd attack "Everybody was saying this is a gauge of 'where are they? Can they still compete with the big boys?' No, Liverpool and Manchester City are way ahead still. We all know that. But it's getting closer. That's what Arsenal need to look at. They need to keep improving. "There are great partnerships happening all over the pitch. You look at the two central defenders; they are doing very well. Xhaka and Partey are performing well. It's great to see that these partnerships are developing, and it benefits the team." READ MORE: Newcastle ready £12m swoop to land versatile talent who Howe wants Arsenal are currently three points ahead of Tottenham Hotspur and leading Manchester United by four in the race for fourth, still holding a game in hand. Despite making huge strides this season, they still trail Premier League leaders Manchester City by 16 points and are 15 behind Liverpool. But Arteta's side could realistically eye a third-place finish if they continue to secure results, and are currently behind Chelsea by just five points with 10 games left to play. The partnerships between Ben White and Gabriel Magalhaes and Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka are undoubtedly two driving forces behind what promises to be a successful season at the Emirates Stadium. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.