The Set For Life draw is one of the National Lottery’s most recent additions and provides punters with a chance to win life-changing amounts of money. All you need to walk away with a cheque for £10,000 each month for the next three decades is to match all six Set For Life numbers. Each Monday and Thursday, at 8pm, a Set For Life draw takes place. The draw works in the same way as other lottery games - all you have to do is pick the right numbers. When you play, you’ll have to select five main draw numbers - between one and 47 - and pick a ‘life ball’ ranging from one to 10. READ MORE: Woman and dog mauled by 'Staffy' at popular beauty spot  Tonight's winning numbers are: 14, 23, 33, 38, 39 and the life ball is 7. Players can choose to take part online, via the National Lottery app, or with a physical ticket from your local newsagents. To play any National Lottery game in the UK, you will need to be aged 18 or over.  If you win while playing online, you will be notified by email or a phone call. All you need to do now is sit back and wait to see if you are the lucky winner tonight. You can buy Set For Life tickets online every day from 6am until 11pm. However, to play on a draw day, you'll need to buy your ticket before 7.30pm.  DON'T MISS: Tragedy as tiny baby dies after dad finds her on living room floor [NEWS]Brits face £2,000 council tax hit - 'Sick to the back teeth!' [EXPLAINED]Royal Family LIVE: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [LIVE] The main draw prize requires you to match five numbers as well as that all important life ball. Anyone who does predict the winning combination will walk away with £10,000 tax-free every month for the next 30 years. Alternatively, if you manage to guess all five main numbers, you will get £10,000 a month for a year.  Four main draw numbers and the life ball will see you pocket £250, while four numbers alone will get you £50. The lowest prize on offer is worth £5 and needs just two main draw numbers. The odds of winning the top prize is one in 15.3 million. Though your odds are improved for the second-place prize of £10,000 per month for a year at one in 1.7 million. 