Everton boss Frank Lampard may point the finger at a family member who tipped him to sign Dele Alli, with the Toffees reportedly weighing up their options regarding the former England midfielder. Alli has struggled to make an impact at Goodison Park as poor form at his former club, Tottenham, has proven tricky to shake off. Spurs manager Antonio Conte saw all he needed to see of Alli in just a few months before streamlining his squad. The 25-year-old was subsequently among a host of peripheral Tottenham players to be shipped out of north London on January deadline day as Everton pulled the trigger on an initial free transfer. The move called time on a rollercoaster seven-year relationship between player and club. Alli hit double figures in each of his first two Premier League seasons with Spurs, but the past few years have been marred by torrid form. Everton's decision to swoop for Alli, which will reportedly set them back £10million once he surpasses 20 first-team appearances and up to £40m if other benchmarks are met, was presumably executed in the hope that a new setting could see him rediscover the kind of form that catapulted him onto the England scene. JUST IN: Manchester United star Tahith Chong robbed at knifepoint by masked gang     So far he has notched six appearances for the Toffees, none of which have been particularly positive. TEAMtalk claim that Everton are pondering the prospect of an early exit before they have to shell out at the 20-appearance mark. In a recent interview with talkSPORT former Spurs manager and uncle to Lampard, Harry Redknapp, claimed that he advised the Toffees boss to make a move for Alli. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (NEWS)4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra win (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt (INJURIES) "Before Frank took him, I texted Frank, and said: ‘Listen, Dele Alli, I think if you can get him going, he’s some player’," he admitted, "I’ve stuck up for him, I keep saying he’s a fantastic talent, but why’d you go and do that? Turning up in a Rolls Royce [on his first day] like that, it tells you everything about what’s gone wrong for him. "Listen, I love him, love him. He’s a fantastic talent and I’m desperate to see him get back in that team and get back in the England squad because I think he can really play. "He can’t be [working hard enough on the training pitch] can he? I thought he’d go in there and be great. He had such talent, I loved him, I thought he was a superstar, but he can’t get a game." With Alli's form faltering, Everton currently hover just above the Premier League relegation zone in 17th, three points clear of Watford with two games in hand. A crucial win over Newcastle last time out gave them some breathing room, and a return to form for an ambitious January signing could be exactly what they need to see out a daunting run-in and ensure their top-flight safety.