For those who are planning on selling their house, updating the paint scheme will likely be on their mind. A fresh coat of paint on a home’s interiors can go a long way to impress potential buyers. But while a carefully chosen colour profile will increase the value of a property, not all paint trends are good for the house value. Some colours can actually devalue a home. Zoe Warren, interior design expert at PriceYourJob has shared the colours you should avoid when selling. Green is a very trendy colour, currently popular in every room in the house, with many people brainstorming green bedroom themes. However, not all shades of green are appealing to buyers, and you should especially avoid mid and dark greens when painting the exterior of your property. Zoe explained: “Colours that blend in with the surrounding foliage as it can look unappealing. “They also make it difficult for potential buyers to notice your home.” READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains Instead, she suggests incorporating deeper greens through porch accents and living things. Zoe added: “Plants can accentuate the lighter shades on your walls.” This is a big no-no in decorating a house for sale. Zoe explained that the reason dark brown is so unappealing on a wall is that people associate this colour with “dirt”. She continued: “It can clash with wooden furniture and make a room appear dingy.” However, you can still use brown if you like a rich, natural colour scheme, but choose softer shades of brown, as they are a good alternative when paired with muted colours of grey. DON'T MISS: Interior designer shares ‘number one thing’ for luxurious bedroom [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] While an overly dark green can make a home look nondescript, overly bright green can also spell disaster for house value. Zoe recommended avoiding shades that are so bright they “resemble neon”. She said: “Whilst they stand out, they can be unappealing to others and are more likely to clash with your furniture.” For those who want a brighter shade of green, Zoe’s tip is to opt for “soft sage on a feature wall”. She added: “Ideally one you see when you first enter the room.” Yellow has always been a controversial colour in interior design – some people really like it and find it cheerful. However, shade choice is key, especially if you’re selling. Soft, pastel yellows are usually fine, but Zoe says it’s best to avoid the brightest yellow, which “can be overwhelming in your home”. As an alternative, she recommends trying a rich ochre shade paired with white, “a toned-down version of the cheerful palette.” Black is another love-it-or-hate-it colour that may be best avoided if house value is your main priority. While black living room ideas have been trending for several years, Zoe suggested only using it for small areas. She said: “Black is best left for small accents such as the shutters, for the desired dramatic effect.” Remember when people are looking to buy neutral is nearly always best. Keep that in mind if you’re giving your home a spruce up before selling.