Susanna Reid hosts ITV's Good Morning Britain on weekdays morning and has been a part of the team since 2014. Previously, she hosted BBC Breakfast alongside Charlie Stayt and Bill Turnball for 11 years. Her successful journalism career meant she has worked long hours for many years and has recently made the decision to take a step back from her "extra" work commitments to focus on her home life. Susanna recently revealed she is ready to take a break from her busy TV schedule in order to focus on her family life with sons Sam, 19, Finn, 17, and Jack, 16. "I’ve made the decision this year because my boys are doing GCSE and A levels, it is really important for me that I am present. "So I’ve got Good Morning Britain, which is my full-time job, and then I’m there for the boys. I’ve got one more documentary coming out, which has already been filmed, but I actually made a decision not to do extra work," she told The Sun's Fabulous Magazine. READ MORE: Antiques Road Trip’s Catherine Southon's £30 earrings make huge profit Susanna also touched on how lucky she felt to have a job allowing her to have a life outside of her career. "I work so early in the morning, I come off air at nine o’clock, have a nap, then I’m up for my boys at the end of school. That’s an enormous privilege." Another part of Susanna wanting to spend more time with her sons is they will all soon reach the milestone of moving out of their family home. Thinking about them leaving, she said: "They’re a string of little ducklings growing up and leaving. That is something that’s a little bit upsetting but also exciting. "Sam is at university, so we’ve had the first leaving home, and that’s obviously emotional, they have to leave and have their own adventures." During her chat with Fabulous, she touched on the "difficult times" she and former co-presenter Piers Morgan went through whilst working together. Piers joined Good Morning Britain in 2015, and she commented on his explosive exit: "We stay in touch, and he’s a really important person in my life. "We had such an amazing time, and that was an incredible dynamic, he really put his imprint on the programme, and it was very powerful. DON'T MISS...'Difficult' Susanna Reid gets candid about working with Piers Morgan [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid fumes over UK response to Ukrainian refugees [LATEST]Susanna Reid issues plea to GMB colleague in Ukraine [WATCH]  "All presenting gigs come to an end at some point, don’t they? As they will for all of us. He’s a friend of mine, and that won’t change.” Piers quit the show back in March 2021 after he entered an argument with weatherman Alex Beresford over Meghan Markle's Oprah Winfrey interview. Since his departure from the show, there have been an array of presenters who have stepped in beside Susanna to help present the ITV show. This month sees the celebration of Internation Women's Day, and she was quick to celebrate her ITV colleagues. “I’m lucky enough to be working in an industry that is changing, and particularly in ITV Daytime, we’ve got so many strong women. "I work in a team of brilliant women – Ranvir [Singh], Charlotte [Hawkins], and Kate [Garraway]. "They’re all inspirational, and there’s so much to celebrate, so it’s a wonderful moment.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.