Officers in the West Midlands, fresh out of training school, have been complaining about motion sickness as calls are answered at high speeds to meet charter times. One officer in the same area arrived to work on his first day with his mother as he “felt nervous” joining the highly volatile thin blue line of policing. Parents of new officers have also complained about their children coming home from a shift “overworked” and “hungry”.  One source from the West Midlands said: “Several new officers are getting car sick at speed on blue lights and asking the driver to stop. It’s shocking. “It’s like being back at school. This is the police force and we have people not living in the real world.” They claimed a parent once called in demanding to know where their child was because they “should have finished by now and I’m outside waiting to take him home” and one mother in Wolverhampton rang up to say her daughter was upset by a job she was sent on. The source who had explained the situation to The Sun said they were worried policing was being affected by recruits with little to no life experience, and recruits on a degree apprenticeship were among the worst examples they saw. The Chief Constable of West Midlands Police, Sir David Thompson, said his force had “outstanding student officers”.  Police cuts have seen swathes of austerity measures crippling frontline policing across the country. Across the Metropolitan Police Service in London, a third of real estate has been sold off in an attempt to save money, with police stations being converted into flats becoming a common sight. New Scotland Yard, formerly at St James’s Park was sold off to Qatari investors forcing the HQ of Britain's largest police force to move to smaller premises in Whitehall. Staff numbers have also fallen significantly with some officers stating 40,000 jobs have been cut. Those remaining on the frontline often complain of lack of resources and equipment, and still use outdated computers and software dating back decades.  READ MORE:Cressida Dick's bid to spot check officers' phones New recruitment schemes and adverts are being plastered across social media asking for 20,000 “new” officers, oblivious to the fact this will only replace half of those already lost. Furthermore, with public opinion of the police at an all-time low following several high profile scandals rocking the very core of policing, new recruits are under intense scrutiny prior to joining. Some reports have suggested vetting procedures are taking up to two years before applicants can finally claim the job. Calls have been made for experienced officers to return to work from breaks or retirement. Vetting has once again seen those willing to return to work, boasting a wealth of experience, confined to an endless vetting process with little feedback on progress.  DON'T MISS:World Trade Organisation rejects Belarus’ application [REPORT]'Putin's poodles' Le Pen savaged for 'playing Russian's game' [OPINION]EU state set to brand letter Z as Nazi symbol [REVEAL] Many forces are now demanding new recruits hold university qualifications.Yet experienced rank and file officers feel the lack of relative “life experience” of some officers is leading to an increase in the number of police officers being assaulted. In the year ending March 2021, there were almost 37,000 assaults on police officers in England and Wales. On some 999 response teams, the average length of service of police officers is just two years, with officers who have just come out of their probation being expected to train recruits.  A former Inspector who worked on a response team told Emergency Services News: “It goes to show what happens when you use outsourcing companies to recruit. “All they are interested in, are the test results not always the person. “As a retired Response Inspector, I saw and heard these stories first hand.“Students turn up stating they don’t have to work nights. “They don’t have to do prisoner watches. “The recruitment and information given out need to change.” Another police officer claimed a new recruit turned up to work with his “companion Giant African Snail” and another turned up for their first shift with his “appropriate adult.” 