Ukraine and the European Union are working together to link up the country with the bloc’s electricity grid after it was disconnected following Russia’s invasion. Last Thursday, Ukraine disconnected itself from the Soviet-era electricity grid linking the country to the Russian and Belarusian electricity system as Russian forces began their assault.  It is part of a compulsory test to see how Ukraine’s electricity system would operate in isolation before joining the European system in 2023. Europe’s Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E) has 39 operators from 35 countries across Europe and has its headquarters in Brussels. Ukrainian Energy Minister Herman Galushchenko is currently lobbying the EU to allow the country to be immediately integrated into the ENTSO-E. This comes as the struggles to keep the lights on with dwindling supplies threatening to cause blackouts.   On Monday, Mr Galushchenko said: "Despite military aggression by Russia, rocket attacks, attacks on critical infrastructure, the Ukrainian power system — working autonomously — has proven its reliability and security of electricity supply to consumers." "We have proved the seriousness of our intentions to integrate with the European system, even in this difficult time of war. "I appeal to our European partners to synchronize Ukraine's energy system with ENTSO-E as soon as possible. “We need your support and solidarity with the Ukrainian people more than ever!" READ MORE: Ukraine blackout warning: Power to be CUT in DAYS On Monday, EU Energy Commissioner Kadri Simson met with ENTSO-E to discuss Ukraine's early joining into the power grid. He said: “Ukraine is asking for emergency synchronization with the European grid as soon as possible. “This is technically challenging, but as Europe, this is something tangible we can do for our partners.” Following Putin launching a “full-scale invasion” of Ukraine, there are fears that the experiment could go horribly wrong. DON'T MISS: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [MAPPED] Erdogan ties with Putin in tatters after nuclear threat [REVEAL] Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal [SPOTLIGHT] On Friday, Dev Zedd wrote on Twitter: “Another huge issue why we’ve got to act fast – electricity. “Ukraine was sourcing most of the electricity from Russia and Belarus. “They stopped supplying. So it is expected that most people will be without electricity within the next 3-4 days and not able to call for help.” No imports are permitted while the Ukrainian system is decoupled from Russia during the test. READ MORE: Ukrainian MP warns Putin 'must share Osama bin Laden destiny' Fortunately, on Friday, an ENTSO-E spokesperson noted that Ukraine's electricity transmission system operator Ukrenergo had cleared the winter grid test. He said: "Ukrenergo have reported the successful completion of the isolation tests [of] 24 February." "In the meantime, we are closely monitoring the situation in light of the current events that are constantly evolving." There are also concerns the Ukrainian transmission system could be hacked. It comes after two Ukrainian were targeted in hacks that its Government said were “on a different level”. Cyber security expert Dan O'Dowd warned that it is possible electricity systems could be vulnerable to cyber attacks too. He said: “One of the greatest changes in the last decade is the emergence of a fanatic pursuit of connecting everything to the Internet. 