Joanna Lumley has enjoyed a career spanning more than 50 years and has become friends with several members of the Royal Family. Speaking about the TV she likes to watch, the actress admitted she refuses to watch The Crown because of the impact it has on the Queen and the Royal Family. Opening up on her TV habits in a recent interview, Joanna explained why she didn’t watch the Netflix series. She told Radio Times: “I don’t watch The Crown because I know quite a lot of the Royal Family. “I know how distressing it must be to have your life made up and then played out as truth.” Joanna has recently written a book celebrating the Queen and her Platinum Jubilee. Read more: The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role The actress’ admiration for the monarch is evident in A Queen for All Seasons: A Celebration of Queen Elizabeth II on her Platinum Jubilee. Despite Joanna’s statement about The Crown, some members of the Royal Family have admitted to watching the series. Meghan Markle told Oprah Winfrey: “I’ve watched some of it,” during her and Prince Harry’s tell-all interview. On The Late Late Show With James Corden in February 2021, Harry said: “They don’t pretend to be news. It’s fiction... But it’s loosely based on the truth. “It gives you a rough idea about what that lifestyle, what the pressures of putting duty and service above family and everything else, what can come from that. “I’m way more comfortable with The Crown than I am seeing the stories written about my family, or my wife, or myself.” Princess Eugenie has also confessed to watching a “couple of episodes” in 2017. “It is filmed beautifully,” she told Hello. “The music is wonderful, the story is beautiful. DON'T MISSNetlix's The Crown jewels worth £150,000 stolen from set in raid [NEWS]The Crown season 5: Crowds flock as Queen star Imelda Staunton films [INSIGHT]The Crown: Princess Anne star admits new changes were made to script  [INTERVIEW] “You feel very proud to watch it. I can’t speak for everyone, but that’s how I felt when I watched it.” Meanwhile, Joanna Lumley’s Great Cities of the World airs on Thursday and follows the actress as she learns about the history of some of the world’s most beautiful buildings. Joanna was asked by Radio Times her view on the toppling statues debate. The actress said: “All our ancestors were linked with something, so you can’t suddenly go, ‘But I don’t do that.’  “If you eat sugar, you’re probably eating sugar that came from sugar factories that were worked by slaves, and so it goes round and round. “Lots of things were obviously reprehensible, the slave trade being one; you can’t defend that.” The actress explained that certain things that were done in the past can’t be changed. She questioned how much of the past can be “smashed up” without the “wrecking ball” coming close to “your own house”. Joanna Lumley’s Great Cities of the World airs on ITV on Thursday at 9pm.