The wait for the must-see crossover between NCIS and NCIS Hawaii is almost over, with the episode landing on CBS next Monday. With fans eagerly awaiting to see the special episode, they could be in for a surprise as Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) could have a shocking clash.  The original series of NCIS will be joining forces with the franchise’s latest spin-off series, NCIS Hawaii for an episode of an action-packed investigation. The upcoming crossover will see characters from the two shows come together to solve a Navy related murder. Although it seems amicable enough, Jessica Knight star told TVLine the episode could be filled with some tension between her character and Jane Tennant. It was revealed Knight and Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) would be the two characters from NCIS to travel to Hawaii, however, only one was invited. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps TVLine disclosed Torres had initially got the call from Tennent to fly out to Hawaii and help her team on the case. He was chosen as she discovered a lead on the case and they had previously worked on it together and as a result, he’ll fly to Hawaii. Although Torres will arrive alone, he will soon be followed by Knight who joined him on Alden Parker’s (Gary Cole) order. Katrina unveiled: “Nick being Nick, we know he likes to get into a bit of trouble, so Parker sends Jess over to make sure the case files get there and also to make sure Nick doesn’t get shot.”  However, her uninvited appearance could be met by a stern Tennant who was only expecting a visit from Torres. As she was sent by Alden, it's unlikely the captain took the time to inform Tennent as it could be a rushed decision when he learned Torres got into some “trouble”. Although Tennent is usually kind and patient, the complex details of the case could have her completely stressed. Which could mean an unexpected visit from Knight could make her turn hostile and lead to tensions rising between the two resulting in a major feud.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]NCIS Los Angeles Murmuration cast: Who is actor Graham Patrick Martin? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA viewers swoon as General Hospital alum makes guest appearance [REACTION] This would also be a surprise for the NCIS Hawaii team and viewers to see Tennant in a different light as she is usually, always in a good mood. Throughout the years NCIS have had a number of crossovers, which usually serve as a way to boost viewership for one of the shows. In this instance, it’s likely going to be to boost things for NCIS Hawaii as the show is currently in its first season. It could be a plot from bosses to dramatically increase viewership for the spin-off as a renewal has yet to be confirmed.  The first crossover in the franchise happened in2014 and it was also an introduction to NCIS Los Angeles. Another memorable one was the episode titled ‘Legend: Part one’ saw the former chief special agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) and his team introduce the second crossover NCIS: New Orleans. Although this spin-off eventually wrapped in 2021, Gibbs and the team boosted its viewership with a two-part crossover. With anticipation building for NCIS Hawaii, fans will have to tune in to see how Tennant will receive an unexpected visit from Knight. NCIS Hawaii is available on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced. 