Lewis Hamilton delivered an apology to his Mercedes team after failing to make it past Q1 in Saudi Arabia. Having wound up in 16th, it is the first time the Brit has failed to make it into the second qualifying session since Brazil in 2017. Hamilton trailed miles behind team-mate George Russell who breezed into the second qualifying session. Doubts were subsequently raised about the Silver Arrows' car set-up or whether something was faulty with the 37-year-old's Mercedes. Despite pushing hard on his final flying lap and momentarily climbing out of the danger zone, Aston Martin's Lance Stroll crossed the line shortly afterwards and pushed him right back down. After hearing the bad news, Hamilton said over the team radio: "I'm so sorry." Alex Albon, Nico Hulkenburg, Nicholas Latifi and Yuki Tsunoda will join the Brit towards the back of the grid on Sunday. DON'T MISS: Saudi Arabian GP qualifying LIVE: Mick Schumacher in huge crash, Lewis Hamilton out in Q1  Ominously for the Silver Arrows, all of the bottom five finishers were powered by Mercedes engines. Even more troubling, perhaps, is the fact that Hamilton has not failed to reach Q2 due to a lack of pace since the British Grand Prix all the way back in 2009. Back then Hamilton was a bright-eyed 24-year-old with just the solitary world title to his name. By now, however, the Mercedes man is a seasoned veteran with seven world titles in the bank, and despite his team's early-season concerns, the result still took many by surprise.  Mercedes' lack of pace became apparent during last weekend's curtain-raiser in Bahrain when Ferrari and Red Bull led the way in qualifying. That translated to Sunday's race too, and Charles Leclerc got the Prancing Horse's season off to an impressive start by claiming his third F1 victory. The Silver Arrows were gifted an unlikely podium, however, when both Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen were forced to retire their Red Bulls. Hamilton and co were afforded no such luck when qualifying got underway in Jeddah.  After Hamilton's shock exit, Mercedes told Sky Sports' Paul Di Resta: "The cars are very similar and we will need to investigate why the performance delta is so significant." The former Force India and Williams driver added: "They're obviously as confused as we are about the differences, and what they can do on the parc ferme. "I suppose, so far at the back, if there is something wrong they can take the penalty. It's very odd, very strange for Lewis to be where he is." 