Christian Horner believes Mercedes should take the blame for Lewis Hamilton’s F1 title disappointment last year. And the Red Bull chief has rubbished claims that Netflix hit series Drive to Survive had any impact on the result of the championship. The 2021 season proved to be one of the most scintillating in the sport’s history as Hamilton wrestled with Max Verstappen glory. And the duo went into the final Grand Prix of the season in Abu Dhabi level-pegging. Hamilton had built what appeared to be an unassailable lead during the race as it entered its closing stages. But the season-decider was thrown wide open after Williams’ Nicholas Latifi crashed into a wall and a safety car was deployed. During the pause, Red Bull called Verstappen into the pits for a fresh set of tyres, while Mercedes told Hamilton to stay on the track to protect his lead. Race director Michael Masi then allowed five cars that had come between the title rivals to overtake and move out of the way, before giving Verstappen permission to pull level with Hamilton for a one-lap shootout. READ MORE: McLaren loaned Daniel Ricciardo replacement should F1 driver miss Bahrain GP with Covid Verstappen ultimately got the better of the Briton and claimed his first-ever F1 title, much to the disgust of Mercedes chiefs. Masi came under fire following his decisions in the desert. But Horner says Mercedes should put Hamilton’s loss down to their own “mistake”. “The reality was Michael Masi didn't break their own rules,” Horner told the Daily Mail. “Mercedes had all the same strategic options available that we did. “They made a mistake strategically not pitting Lewis at the virtual safety car but then expecting him to be able to defend on 44-lap-old tyres. “He was always going to be massively exposed by the team electing to leave him out despite the fact he was questioning that call. “The smokescreen was placed on the race director rather than the mistake Mercedes made strategically.   “At the point the decision was made to pit, it was entirely probable that all the lapped cars would be allowed to unlap and that the race would get going again because, looking at the size of the accident, it wasn't a big accident. “The driver was fine - it was near an escape road to recover the car. “You just knew there was going to be this desire to get the race going again and arguably it could have got going with two laps to go rather than a single lap. “Mercedes hung him out to dry a little bit by expecting him to be able to defend on 44-lap-old tyres. The popularity of F1 has been proliferating in recent seasons thanks to the exposure the sport has been given from Drive to Survive, which gives viewers a fly-on-the-wall insight into the day-to-day reality of F1. But Horner insists directors of the show have never had any influence on race decisions or results.  “As for the idea that the result was influenced by the need for entertainment over sport, I don't agree with that either,” Horner added. “I don't think the Drive to Survive director was sitting in race control saying, ‘we need this to finish now.’ “It has always been clear that it was never good to finish a race under a safety car and that every effort would be made to ensure that didn't happen because it is the biggest anti-climax that sporting viewers can have. “For us, it was always clear there was an extreme probability that the race would get restarted. “That did not have anything to do with any narrative from a TV show. It was the responsibility of the race director to safely get that race restarted - which he did.” 