Oti Mabuse, 31, has spoken about meeting her now-husband, Marius, and how their first date was far from perfect. The dancer told Lauren Laverne that she wasn’t immediately taken by him. Oti spoke on BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs about how Marius had given her doubts about whether he was the one when the pair first met. The dancer said she had planned a date and wanted to dress up for the occasion. However, the day before their planned date, Marius turned up at her house unannounced. Oti said this was frustrating as she had planned to have a “pyjama day". READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby Fortunately, despite the error, Oti said there was a natural chemistry between them. Lauren said: “You met Marius in Germany. “You were looking for a dance partner. Tell me about your first impressions of him.” Oti said, in reply: “Oh gosh. My first impressions weren’t great, really. “We had planned a date, where we would meet in the studio. “Obviously when you plan a date you dress up, right? “The day before that, I was left alone in the house to do nothing. I wanted to spend the whole day in pyjamas. “Marius decided he would come on that day instead, when I looked atrocious.” DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury says she's ‘lucky to be alive’ in new health update [UPDATE] Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PHOTOS] ‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT] She added that Marius told her he prefers to see her that way as it showed “who she really was". “There was just chemistry, in how it feels when he leads and I follow that lead,” she said. Oti realised that they danced very well together. She confirmed that they are going on tour together soon. Lauren then said that when Strictly had its 19th season last year and there wasn’t a “dry eye” in the house during the final. She recalled the moment in which Rose Ayling-Ellis, who is deaf, lifted the winner's trophy with Giovanni Pernice. Oti said that no show has been so “beautifully impactful” in changing viewers’ perceptions. The Dancing on Ice judge recalled when she danced with paralympic champion Jonnie Peacock, for example, who “inspired so many kids who thought they couldn’t dance".