Hope Haddon (played by Jemima Kirke) is the new stern headmistress at Moordale High School in the Netflix smash-hit Sex Education. Hope had taken over from Michael Groff (Alistair Petrie), with the aim of being more disciplined with Moordale’s students. However, since landing her role in the teen drama, actor Jemima will now feature in a brand new Apple TV series City on Fire. An official synopsis for the eight-parter reads: “A New York University student is shot in Central Park on the Fourth of July, 2003. “Samantha Cicciaro (Jemima) is alone; there are no witnesses and very little physical evidence. “Her friends' band is playing at her favourite downtown club but she leaves to meet someone, promising to return. “She never does. As the crime against Samantha is investigated, she's revealed to be the crucial connection between a series of mysterious citywide fires, the downtown music scene, and a wealthy uptown real estate family fraying under the strain of the many secrets they keep,” it teases. READ MORE: Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo While it is yet to be seen whether her forthcoming project will top the charts the same way Sex Education did, some of Jemima’s other roles have included Girls, Untogether and Sally Rooney’s Conversations with Friends, which is set to premiere in May. Before working with Sally after the release of Normal People, the 36-year-old claimed she didn’t know who the author was before working with her. She said: “I’d never heard of her, to be honest. “All my books are piled up on my bedside table, and they’re all classics that I’m trying to Before taking on the role of Hope in Sex Education, the TV actor claimed she hadn’t portrayed a “stern authority figure” before. Describing her character as “clear and concise” she went on to add how it isn't what “agents and casting directors usually pin me for”. Luckily for fans, Jemima relished the part with her stern words and cut-throat actions. Jemima is the daughter of Simon Kirke, the former drummer of the rock bands Bad Company and Free. Her mother, Lorraine Kirke, was the owner of Geminola, a vintage boutique in New York City that supplied a number of outfits for the television series Sex and the City. After being brought up in a musical household, she graduated in art as a student and received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in painting from the Rhode Island School of Design. Since then, the star has become a household name with her new Apple TV show City on Fire series soon to be released. Production is underway in New York City with a stellar cast in the mix. DON'T MISS...     Besides Jemima, the line-up includes the likes of younger star Nico Tortorella and the Lost Symbol's Ashley Zukerman. Others in the cast include Xavier Clyde (Hard), Max Milner (The Dirt), Alexandra Doke (Grey’s Anatomy), Omid Abtahi (The Mandalorian), Kathleen Munroe (FBI) and John Cameron Mitchell (Joe vs. Carol). Josh Schwartz and Stephanie Savage are writing all eight episodes and serve as showrunners and executive producers. Fake Empire’s Lis Rowinski is co-executive producing while Jesse Peretz will direct four episodes and serves as executive producer. Sex Education seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix now.