Trained soldiers may be able to help and apparently there are quite a few of those on their way to Ukraine. But I don't see that untrained civilians would be any help at all. The last thing any army deep in a conflict wants is a bunch of untrained idiots with guns hanging around.They would be getting in the way, as someone should already have explained to them, and would probably do far more harm than good. In the meantime, the situation in Ukraine changes hour by hour. I understand that if we got involved it could worsen the situation. But I don't understand why we would be involved if Ukraine was a member of Nato, but not as matters stand. ----------------- ----------------- ----------------- What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- AFTER HAVING had a lovely weekend in Devon, travelling back on the train I noticed the huge number of young people, probably students, who seem to feel that sitting with their feet up on the tables is perfectly acceptable. I had a choice of saying something to one of them or pretending it doesn't annoy me and walking off. Apparently I look quite frightening, but not wishing to embarrass those travelling with me I decided to give one of the offending species of lowlife a menacing look. It seemed to work. Why are some people so ignorant and offensive? Is it some kind of mental problem that makes these kids think they look hard? Just in case any of them are reading this - you actually look stupid and ignorant. ----------------- AS I WRITE I'm in the middle of London on my way to Barts Hospital for my monthly check-up. The city has been decimated by the mayor Sadiq Khan and Transport for London, with huge cycle lanes and traffic moving at a snail's pace. They should all be sacked immediately. Motorcyclists and cyclists have made the situation even worse. Frankly, it would have been faster if I'd got out of the car and walked. London's economy must be going down the dustpipe and it really is quite amazing that people paid a huge salary have done this to the capital city of the nation. And then have the nerve to lecture the rest of us.