After a long day at work, the last thing you want to return home to is a car blocking your driveway. If you’re uncomfortable with confrontation or don’t know the vehicle’s owner, it can be tricky to resolve an issue like this. Don’t worry, here’s what the Highway Code says about the frustrating inconvenience. The new Highway Code rules have been put in place to improve the safety of people walking, cycling and riding horses in particular. Road users most at risk in the event of a collision are now at the top of the hierarchy and the three new rules reflect that. Parking on pavements is illegal in London and some other areas of the UK, since pavements are supposed to be a safe place for pedestrians to walk. It has been rumoured that a ban on pavement parking elsewhere in the UK could come into play next year. The current rules on pavement parking are quite confusing as they change from place to place, but what does the Highway Code say about parking in front of someone else’s driveway? READ MORE- Privacy fears as digital number plates set to launch in the UK If you flick through the rules on parking in the Highway Code, you’ll finally come to rule 243. This rule lays out the 12 places you should not stop or park, and includes ‘in front of an entrance to a property’. This means that if someone has parked in front of your driveway, they would be in breach of this rule. However, technically the inconsiderate motorist is not actually breaking any laws. The Highway Code is a set of guidelines and sometimes breaking them can lead to fines or imprisonment. The rules with consequences like this are backed up by official traffic laws, but some rules are not. The rule on parking in front of driveways says ‘do not’ rather than ‘you must not’, which shows that it is not legally binding. Rule 244, however, says you ‘must not’ park partially or wholly on the pavement in London and should not do so elsewhere unless signs permit it. DON'T MISS...Car tax 2022: Why you should pay your car tax TODAY to escape tax hike [INFORMER]Disabled woman handed £170 parking fine [INSIGHT]Coronation Street tragedy as Abi Franklin dies in horror car crash? [EXPLAINER] The choice of words is deliberate and identifies which is against the law and which is simply advised against. Even though it isn’t illegal for someone to park in front of and block your driveway, it’s certainly a problem. The Metropolitan Police has issued some advice on how to handle this situation. The official information reads: “If someone has blocked your driveway so you can’t drive in, we appreciate this can be very frustrating. “If you can find the owner of the vehicle, we’d first recommend asking them politely to move it. “If you can’t find them, try leaving a note on their windscreen. After all, they may not realise they have caused a problem.” READ MORE: UK town bans cyclists for three years