Emmerdale's lovable Paddy Kirk, played by Dominic Brunt, has been a constant presence on the ITV soap for a quarter of a century - longer than some of the show's younger viewers have been alive. Yet when he fell prey to coronavirus, he was forced to step back from the job he loves and take sick leave. A deflated Dominic confessed his frustration on Twitter, lamenting that he had caught the virus despite being "ridiculously careful". "After 25 years at @emmerdale without a single day off, I have succumbed to the dreaded ‘rona," he wrote. "I have been ridiculously careful but tomorrow will be be the first time in a quarter of a century. "Now THAT p***es me off. Fortunate to have good health though and thankful. Love to all." READ NOW: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet The star has also made the touching revelation that he sometimes feels vulnerable to "imposter syndrome", unable to believe his luck at winning his dream job. "I still have that imposter syndrome, fearing I’ll get that tap on the shoulder and be told, ‘Dominic, we’ve found out you’re a welder – what are you doing here?’" he shared. "Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would have a job this good for so long. "Every Christmas when the contract is up, I still think that’s probably it!" He added: "I think that keeps me going, the thought that at any point you could be out. "You can’t just wing it, turn up with no ideas." Dominic has confessed he "tries hard" in a bid to be deserving of his role, but that he has secretly suffered with insecurities. Commenting on his "luck" for maintaining his job, he elaborated: "I’ve probably dodged a couple of bullets and I never ever take it for granted." DON'T MISS... Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [PHOTOS] Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell [UPDATE] Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars [LATEST]  Talking of his ongoing fears, he admitted: "When difficulties emerge on set I still get nervous. "It’s a challenge. I don’t want to look like an idiot in front of six million people watching but I’m literally shaking and feeling a bit sick," he added to The Mirror. Perhaps the admission is testament to the strength of Dominic's acting prowess, as most of those watching would never have guessed he is battling such hidden feelings inside. However critics clearly rate his performances, as he has been nominated for numerous accolades over the years, including a 2011 nod for Best Actor at the British Soap Awards. He was also in the running for Best Comedy Performance in 2009, 2010 and 2013. At the 2019 ceremony, he received three nominations, including one for Best On-Screen Partnership in reference to Paddy's marriage to Chas Dingle, played by Lucy Pargeter. Plus some may not be aware of Dominic's endeavours outside of the soap. These include directing and starring in zombie film Before Dawn, and playing the crazed chainsaw-wielding Podge in Inbred, a horror comedy.