PSG teammates Neymar and Gianluigi Donnarumma 'came to blows' after Wednesday's Champions League collapse against Real Madrid. The duo had to be broken up by others in the Bernabeu dressing room as tensions ran high following their shock round-of-16 exit. PSG were plain sailing as the two European heavyweights played out the second leg of their tie, leading 2-0 on aggregate at half-time in Madrid. Kylian Mbappe's 39th-minute opener gave the home faithful a bitter taste of the brilliance they can expect to see more often if he joins Los Blancos as a free agent this summer. But Karim Benzema installed new life into Real's hopes just after the hour mark, halving PSG's deficit. And moments of madness 15 minutes from full-time saw Benzema strike twice in 12 seconds to complete a stunning fightback in the Spanish capital and guide the hosts into the last eight. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'faces PSG sack' and knows next project  The French striker's hat-trick ensured another Champions League campaign ended in frustration and heartbreak. And the behind-the-scenes fallout sounds like something worthy of a Netflix show. According to Marca, Neymar and Donnarumma had a 'strong discussion' in the dressing room, which blew over, and the pair had to be broken up by dejected teammates. Neymar approached the Italian goalkeeper about his mistake that led to Benzema's first goal, which ultimately kick-started Real's resurgence. READ MORE: Philippe Coutinho faces biggest decision of career  However, Donnarumma fought back and 'didn't shut up' when reminding the 30-year-old winger that he lost the ball in the build-up to Real's second of the night. The encounter got so heated they almost 'came to blows' before those around them prevented the situation from escalating. And it wasn't the only incident of note after the match, with PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi making his way to the dressing room area, livid by the result. Al Khelaifi and club director Leonardo were furious with Dutch referee Danny Desmond Makkelie for not flagging what they were convinced was a foul on Donnarumma from Benzema before his opener. Real Madrid witnesses claim Al-Khelaifi was shouting 'I'll kill you' after bursting into the media area and was so angry that security had to get involved. The referee's report on the incident seemingly confirms the events: "The president and the technical director of PSG showed aggressive behaviour and tried to enter the referees' locker room. "When the referee asked them to leave, they blocked the door, and the president deliberately hit the flag of one of the assistants, breaking it." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.