Mr Lewis noted that the Chancellor’s changes to National Insurance was a “good call” while other announcements brought forth some frustration. The Money Saving Expert told his loyal Twitter following this morning: “I'm going to try and explain and analyse #SpringStatement2022 as it goes. My focus will be more on practical personal finance impacts.” However, a more relieving announcement that the National Insurance thresholds were rising garnered appreciation from many both in and out of the Commons. The Spring Statement started this morning with Mr Sunak addressing the impact that the Russian invasion of Ukraine has had on the UK economy. Mr Lewis noted he was “glad” the Chancellor addressed this and stated he had “a fair analysis” of the situation. READ MORE: Pension alert: Rishi Sunak inheritance tax change could be 'death tax' for retirement pots The three immediate measures announced to assist the British public in the current cost of living crisis was received less pleasurably by Martin. Mr Lewis commented specifically the VAT cut on alternative heating and energy supplies, tweeting: “Five percent VAT gone on solar panels, heat pumps or insulation insulation and wind and water turbines - so no VAT on them any more. “Great for those who can afford it - but not a help in the immediate crisis.” He added with concern: “If that's all he's doing on energy - it is limited and won't  impact  the majority of households who will see a likely £1,300 average increase in year-on-year bills by October. “My head has sunk.  I just hope there's a rabbit to come out of the hat.” Following this Mr Sunak confirmed the National Insurance rise by 1.25 percent, which Mr Lewis highlighted: “So people will pay roughly 10 percent more NI than before.” The National Insurance threshold was also increased, “this is the big one” commented Mr Lewis. “Increasing the National Insurance threshold so it now matches Income tax from July. “That £3,000 rise of threshold to £12,570 is a gain of £330 a year. “And more than offsets the one percent rise for many on lower incomes. Good call.” Findings from the Institute of Fiscal Studies showcased that this would see UK workers earning around £35,000 will see no rise in National Insurance while most may “see a cut”. Mr Lewis explained: “Those who earn over that amount will see a rise. “This is from combining the new 1.25 percent point higher rate, with the £3,000 starting threshold.” One of the last announcements made by the chancellor focused on an income tax cut from 2024 which will bring the basic rate down from 20p to 19p in the pound. Mr Lewis revealed that this had a more political motivation than it would appear. He tweeted: “So with a 1p cut in income tax basic rate in 2024, looks like we know when the next general election is then.” Before the Spring Statement, Martin Lewis issued an urgent warning to the Chancellor, tweeting: “Dear @RishiSunak, the UK is on the brink of a personal finance precipice. Today you, only you, have the tools to pull it back. To save lives. To improve living standards. To reduce millions' anxiety. “This is what builds a legacy and makes a great Chancellor. Please seize the chance.”