Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has confirmed Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo have joined Raphael Varane back in contention to face Tottenham Hotspur on Saturday. However, he has admitted no talks have taken place with Ronaldo amid reports of his discontent at the club. This weekend, United host Tottenham at Old Trafford in a meeting of great significance as the heated battle for a top-four spot rages on. A defeat would be catastrophic in the Red Devils' hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League. Rangnick's side currently trail Arsenal by one point in fifth, having played three more games, and could drop to seventh if Tottenham take all three points in M16. But the German coach has been boosted by three welcome returnees to training this week, and all three could start against Antonio Conte's in-form outfit. JUST IN: Arsenal tipped to move for Villa star as Arteta forms transfer plans  Asked for some clarity on Ronaldo's trip to Portugal whilst United lost 4-1 in last Sunday's Manchester derby, Rangnick refused to go into detail and maintained his focus was on Spurs. He told reporters: "No, because it doesn't make sense to look back on what happened the last six or seven days. What is important is what happens today and tomorrow. "For me, it doesn't make sense at all to go through all this. The important thing is he [Ronaldo] and Edi [Cavani] are both back in training and both are available for the game tomorrow." Varane confirmed he was also back in training earlier in the week after missing the rout at the Etihad Stadium due to Covid. READ MORE: PSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interest  Despite the positive team news, Rangnick confirmed Luke Shaw would remain absent with the virus, and Scott McTominay is a 'question mark' due to calf issues. "With regard to players, we will still miss Luke Shaw; until yesterday, he still tested positive with the COVID. And Scotty [McTominay] is a question mark," Rangnick explained. "He had some problems with his calf, so we'll have to wait and see until two today after training. But right now, I think it's more likely that he will not be available. "If we risk him tomorrow, he will more likely be out for the game on Tuesday again. That's why with some muscular issues, even more so if it's the calf muscle, I tend to be careful." The German coach has acknowledged the importance of Saturday's six-pointer, as well as Atletico Madrid's visit in the Champions League just three days later. He added: "I mean, we're fully aware of the importance of tomorrow's game. At the same time, the game on Tuesday [against Atletico]. "But now the most important game is the game tomorrow against Tottenham. We have to win that game. We are fully aware of that, and we had a good week of training. "The players are also fully aware of the importance of the game. The focus is there. The togetherness was there in the training sessions." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.