Sue Bell, 54, and Dave Haywood, 56, treat their dogs - nearly all dalmatians - like "kids". They say their current property has become "uninhabitable" following frequent flooding and an electrical fire last month. The couple run the UK's only dalmatian sanctuary - DAS Dalmatians - and have begged for more donations to help them move to a new location.   But Sue and Dave let their 31 pooches on their sofas and beds and inside their converted stable at their current property in Newton Abbot, Devon - or the "middle of nowhere," as they describe it. Sue, the full-time dog mum, said: "We live in a stable that is down a bridleway. No one will deliver anything. A few weeks ago we had an electrical fire, and we were very lucky that Dave and I were awake otherwise who knows what could have happened. "We are on the side of a valley, so every time it rains it floods us. The roof has holes in it so we are exposed to the elements. "In summer it is so dusty - I get such bad chest infections. "The road is so narrow and bumpy that emergency services are also unable to reach us." Now the couple want a long-term let, within a few hours drive of Morecambe Bay, Lancashire, in a rural setting with at least an acre of land and a yard.  They want to continue to help dalmatians after saving more than 400 of them since the sanctuary opened in 2016. The couple often get up before sunrise to let the dogs out into their field. Dinnertime consists of shovelling out 15kg of dog biscuits every day, with Sue on hand to make sure every dog gets enough. She continued: "Biscuit likes to sing to us at 5:30am every morning until one of us gets up and let's him onto our bed. "Thankfully he's the only one that does that. "Life with these dogs is madness - but I wouldn't have it any other way. "You have to be dotty to have so many spotties! I've always loved dogs but I love dalmatians because they are different. "I do this work because because I want to help - every old or end of life dog deserves to spend the rest of it's days being loved in comfort and to leave this earth with kindness and dignity. "Dalmatians are a very different breed to any other."  The first dog the couple helped was a six-month-old puppy who was being sold as part of a drug deal. Sue added: "The poor little mite was very skinny, dirty and stunk of smoke. We have been asked to help more and more dogs over the years and have never wanted to stop. "We are requested to help dalmatians by the public, vet practices, other rescues, social workers, family members whose relatives can't cope anymore - the list goes on." The couple rehome the dalmatians that are able to live a normal life after being assessed and rehabilitated, but take in the "kids" that cannot be rehomed. "These pups stay with us forever being loved and having the best we can give them", Sue said. "We also help dogs that other rescues say no to. "If a dog needs our help, I will do whatever I can do to help if we have room but sadly at the moment, we can not help dogs that are threatened to be euthanised as we do not have room to keep them separated while being assessed." Their youngest dog currently is Bobby, a six-month-old puppy. Sue said: "He was caught hidden in a coach coming in from an non-EU country, was seized and not claimed and APHA asked us if we could help. "He's gone through 3 months of absolute hell. "We've paid his £2,200 quarantine bill and his £250 transport bill to get him to us from Dover - and all money to save him was donated by our wonderful DAS family of supporters in 2 days. "We have an amazing following and feel so lucky." Sue added: "There are no kennels and as the dogs are free range, they are very happy and don't bark. "Keeping them in a home environment is much better for their well-being. "People don't realise that the dogs are so quiet because they don't live in kennels - they don't make a noise." You can donate to the sanctuary here: https://www.dasdalmatians.co.uk/product-page/donation?fbclid=IwAR1tm2nfu1GQGjJYlVm51kYhlQTsHwuzbPTb0-IVMlhNUTlt22Vrd_s-HLk