The Military Diet has been around for years, advertising itself as a quick-fix for a special occasion. The three-day scheme is loosely based on intermittent fasting, claiming that its foods are "chemically compatible" and "designed to work together to jump start your weight loss". But expert nutritionist Abby Langer, believes the diet isn't what it claims to be. "No food burns fat or kick starts metabolism to the point that you’re going to lose any weight from it," she said. "Throwing the words ‘chemically compatible’ in to describe food combinations is just meant to mislead you into thinking that there’s some science behind what they’re saying, but there really isn’t." She pointed out five major issues, among others, with its ethos that could have an adverse effect on slimmers after they finish the course. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop She notes that while it's claimed that the diet's low calorie intake is fasting, it isn't. "Intermittent fasting is one thing, his diet is another," she said. "It has no actual fasting. 1,100+ calories a day on the 'on days' isn’t fasting." When it comes to the typical food plan, Langer was stunned to learn that hot dogs are on the list. "No healthy diet has hotdogs anywhere near it," she explained "The diet is actually rich in carbohydrates – and not all healthy ones – which is the opposite of what most of us qualified professionals would recommend for weight loss." DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] The diet itself claims to have been invented by 'top secret nutritionists in the US Army'. Langer revealed: "This diet isn’t affiliated with any military, the US or otherwise." Langer urged slimmers looking to shed the pounds to "follow the science" when it come to picking a diet plan. "The Military Diet makes crazy, outlandish claims that not only don’t make sense, they’re just plain wrong," she said. "Wouldn’t you rather follow a plan that’s based in science rather than one that includes hot dogs and tells you that grapefruit burns fat?" "Sustaining this diet will be really difficult for the average person," Langer added. "And the weight will come right back when you’re finished with it, which is not exactly what you’ll want after suffering though this plan." She explained that by eaten "very little" for three days - about 1,100-1,400 calories - participants then have four days off. This, as stated on their website, means "1,500 calories a day plus 100 calories for men". "It's still lower than most active people can handle," Langer warned. According to Langer, a typical day on The Military Diet consists of: Breakfast - 1 cup black coffee or tea, ½ grapefruit, 1 slice toast with 2T peanut butter Lunch - 1 cup cottage cheese, 1 hardboiled egg, 5 saltine crackers Dinner- 2 hot dogs, 1 cup broccoli, ½ banana, ½ cup carrots, ½ cup vanilla ice cream She criticised the use of foods the diet claimed are "all natural" such as the hot dogs, and the inclusion of ice cream. A claim on their website reads: "Studies have shown that the more calcium there is stored in fat cells, the more fat the cells will burn." But Langer revealed the sources of calcium included on the diet are actually "notoriously low" in the nutrient. "The Military Diet includes two sources of calcium with cottage cheese and ice cream. "The calcium studies they’re referring to were mostly done with supplements, not ice cream and cottage cheese, which is notoriously LOW in calcium. "Also, the recommendation for calcium and weight loss is three to four servings a day, not two."