A toxicology report investigating the death of Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins, 50, showed traces of 10 substances in his body, including opioids marijuana and antidepressants. Taylor’s cause of death remains unknown and Colombian investigators did not say whether the mix of substances was a factor. The office of the Attorney General of Colombia tweeted the update on Saturday and confirmed that the investigation is still ongoing. An official statement said: “The National Institute of Forensic Medicine continues to conduct the necessary medical studies to ascertain the cause of death. “The Attorney General’s Office will continue to investigate and will duly inform the findings of forensic examinations in due time.” A separate statement from Bogota’s Department of Health explained that an emergency centre was called on Friday night with reports of a man with “chest pains” in a hotel in the city. READ MORE:Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini An ambulance rushed to the scene and paramedics attempted to revive him with CPR, but they were unable to do so and he was pronounced dead at the scene. Taylor’s death was announced by The Foo Fighters on Friday, just before they were set to headline Bogota’s Festival Estereo Picnic. A statement from the band said: “The Foo Fighters family is devastated by the tragic and untimely loss of our beloved Taylor Hawkins. “His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever. “Our hearts go out to his wife, children and family, and we ask that their privacy be treated with the utmost respect in this unimaginably difficult time.” The band’s performance was cancelled and instead, fans gathered and placed candles on the stage as messages appeared on screens across the festival saying: “Taylor Hawkins Por Siempre (Taylor Hawkins Forever).” Taylor joined the rock band in 1997 alongside Dave Grohl, Chris Shiflett, Nate Mendel, Rami Jaffee, and Pat Smear. As well as his talents on the drums, Taylor also sang, played piano and guitar and has been credited as a co-writer on every Foo Fighters album since 1999. DON'T MISSMeghan Markle unlikely to 'get hands on any royal palaces'[LATEST]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'[NEWS]Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission[INSIGHT] Taylor leaves behind his wife Alison and two children, Oliver and Annabelle. Legions of heartbroken celebrities have since taken to social media to pay tribute to Taylor. Liam Gallagher wrote: “Absolutely devastated to hear the sad news about Taylor Hawkins. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends RIP brother LG.” Lenny Kravitz added: “A rock and roll brother has gone home too soon. My deepest condolences to his family, Dave Grohl, and the @FooFighters. Taylor played from the heart with power and joy. May he Rest In Peace. #TaylorHawkins." John Stamos emotionally revealed his last message from Taylor, saying: “This was Taylor Hawkins' last text to me: ‘Ya We’ve yet to fully have a hang - Got a put that s*** together before we die’. Wise words from my friend- put that s*** together! I'm so f***ing sad. Another one gone too soon.” Mick Jagger said: “So incredibly sad to hear of the passing of Taylor Hawkins. My thoughts are with his family and the band at this time.” And Miley Cyrus dedicated her show to the late drummer, she tweeted: “Tonight's show is in honour of my friend Taylor Hawkins. The most bad a** dude I know who would want me to shine and sing LOUD for the love of rock n roll! I’ve got this with a little help from my friend TH above and all of you. Let’s do it.”