Angellica Bell has opened up on the moment her co-host Martin Lewis was almost reduced to tears on The Martin Lewis Money Show. He had just spoken to a caller who lost her partner due to Covid and was facing financial difficulty. Martin and Angellica have been dedicated to offering help and advice to the British public amid the soaring cost of living, Christmas debt and the pandemic, all of which have decimated the finances of many. Angellica, 45, has recently been helping Debt Free London as she joined their Debt Bus-ter. Debt Free London is a unique partnership of charities led by Toynbee Hall and funded by the Money and Pensions Service. The organisation launched the Debt Bus-ter, a tour bus visiting some of London’s poorest areas, aiming to reach as many people in need of financial help as possible. READ MORE: Rachel Riley supports husband Pasha as he breaks silence on Ukraine Extended phone line hours and the mobile centre come in response to the UK’s debt crisis which sees 1 in 4 UK adults at financial risk, and to help those suffering with a money worry or problem debt, especially at this time of year with the reality of their December credit card bills and rising living costs. As well as her work with Debt Free London, Angellica hosts The Martin Lewis Money Show, something which can be incredibly demanding emotionally. This was never so evident as earlier this year, when Martin came close to tears. He penned a solemn message to his followers on Twitter after he was left feeling "impotent”, unable to aid consumers who were desperate for help amid fuel poverty. Posting to his social media after his ITV show ended, he wrote: "I feel near tears after doing my show. "I started doing what I do out of a passion for financial justice & providing solutions. "To be unable to help a single mum who lost her partner in covid afford her energy bills leaves me feeling impotent..." He added: "I'm shaking. Intervention is needed." DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [INSIGHT]Gethin Jones posts update from hospital after ankle surgery [VIDEO] Recalling the troubling moment in an exclusive interview, Angellica told Express.co.uk: “It is really emotional.” She continued: “Martin does so much, he works around the clock, he is amazing and that’s why he is where he is. “For me to be a part of that show, and I am learning as well, the fact we can actually help people. It is emotional, you want to be able to reach out to everybody and help them.” The mum-of-two added: “But what is great about that show is we do the legwork for people so they can find the resources they need and get tips and advice on how they can make their money work for them.” In a follow up tweet, Martin addressed those who suggested he pay to help out the woman in question. "A few 'ur rich, pay her bloody energy bill' replies," he added before offering an explanation. "This isn't about 1 person, it's a totem for millions who'll be in fuel poverty. "Instead I try to give answers, lobby for change, & put my money where my mouth is this way," he explained, with a link to his pledge to give £10million to charity.