Renovating the home can be expensive, especially if hiring a professional to do the job. With many Britons updating their home, DIY projects are becoming popular. Speaking exclusively to Officeology, one woman has shared how she transformed her home office into a creative hub with gorgeous pops of colour. Melissa Faulkner, 25, who shares her home renovations on Instagram @mydiyplaybook, recently set out on a mission to makeover her home office. Describing her style as “colourful, electric, pop, and maximalist”, the retired nurse said she loves mixing colours, patterns and textures together to create depth to a room. Melissa is now a full-time DIYer and content creator, showing her followers her home transformation journey. Her go-to colours to bring life to a room include yellows, pinks, lilacs and blues, which can be seen in the renovated home office. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours Melissa explained: “I get so much inspiration from social media such as Instagram and Pinterest.” When it came to renovating her home office, Melissa added a neon sign on top of her desk as well as colourful wallpaper and pastel storage boxes. This includes a wall rack for hanging her furniture vinyl, which adds different textures and pops of colour into the room. She said this “was so easy and fun to make and the best part is that I thought of it and made it all in the same day”. DON'T MISS:‘Key’ gardening job to ensure ‘bigger plants’ this summer [EXPERT]How to get onto the property ladder as house prices continue to soar [COMMENT]House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [EXPLAINER] Other key pieces in her home office include a comfortable armchair as well as a desk where she shares her DIY tips. The content creator even has pastel storage lockers to brighten up the room. When thinking about a workspace, Melissa’s go-to advice is “going for something bright as working in a dull-looking space can negatively impact your ability to focus on work”. She added: “When the second lockdown began, I started using the office more and realised how dark and miserable the room was to work in”. The DIYer quickly realised she needed to remove the back walls and planned for a cheerful makeover to help her creativity. For the renovation work, Melissa spent around £850 in total. She said: “It was done to suit my budget at the time, but it definitely wasn’t the cheapest way I could have made over the room.” Melissa told Officeology if she had found the storage lockers second had, the makeover could have cost as little as £350. When it comes to upcyling furniture, Melissa is a pro at finding a good bargain. She added: “People donate some amazing things, you just need to know where to look.” When making her vinyl wall rack, Melissa used materials from B&Q rather than buying one already made. Melissa said: “This saved me £200.” For those wanting to create a bright and colourful office, the DIYer recommended checking out her Instagram page. She added: “I am always happy to chat to anyone wanting to recreate a look I have done.”