Louise Minchin has hinted at a potential move from hosting her podcast to Strictly Come Dancing. Her admission comes after the former BBC Breakfast presenter cheered on her former colleague Dan Walker, 45, who was a contestant on the BBC show last year. Louise, 56, stepped down from BBC Breakfast last year and has since been exploring different avenues outside of early morning presenting. The mum-of-two currently fronts two podcasts including Her Spirit and Push Your Peak. Back in November, Louise endured three weeks at Gwyrch Castle after she took part in the ITV series, I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Speaking on her recent podcast with Strictly star Karen Hauer, 39, the presenter shared her thoughts about taking part in the programme. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced Louise expressed her concerns about being a contestant on the BBC show as she feared she would end up with sore muscles. Speaking on Push Your Peak, professional dancer Karen said that long hours of training can leave people feeling depleted. Karen said: "[For the dancers] You don't even think about it. I just go on autopilot. "But for the celebrities, they're in pain all the time."  Louise replied: "I'm laughing but I can imagine, that's one of the things that strikes me. "Because people say, 'are you ever going to do Strictly?'" The I'm A Celebrity star didn't flat out refuse to take part in the show but expressed it was not on the cards right now. She went on: "Because of what I've done with endurance sport I have an inclination of what that might feel like and I can imagine that it's sore, sore, sore." DON'T MISS... Eamonn Holmes pulled over by police on his way to GB News[LATEST]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts[RADIO]Andrea McLean slams colleague's claim she's 'mad' to quit Loose Women[TV] "It is tough," Karen replied. "I think that if anyone wants to do Strictly, as a professional or as a celebrity, your activity levels, your stamina, the way that your body is, has to be at a top peak." The professional dancer added: "You can't come into Strictly cold. "Especially for celebrities, for the people who are not used to doing what we're doing, they have to go to the gym." She concluded: "You have to go for runs. Getting movement into your body. Releasing your muscles. Getting your body used to that." Another cause for concern for Louise could also be the fact that she is still recovering from a knee injury which saw her take a temporary break from presenting BBC Breakfast in 2020. While the former BBC host has been up and running taking part in numerous endurance sports, the presenter also shared that she is still healing. For her latest adventure, Louise took part in a gruelling bike ride across Argentina. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year.