For as long as we depend on oil and gas – wherever it is from – we are all vulnerable to Putin’s malign influence on global markets. And with gas prices at record highs, and the price of renewable energy plummeting, it is obvious we need to accelerate our transition away from expensive gas, surely? While our support for the people of Ukraine is unwavering, it is clearer than ever that we need to ensure Britain’s clean energy independence so we can weaken Putin’s grip on the West further by starving him of the cash his country's natural resources provide. Put simply, switching to our own clean, cheap energy is a win-win for everyone - except Putin. This is no longer just about tackling climate change or hitting Net Zero targets. Moving to cheap, clean, home-grown energy is a matter of British national security to ensure we are no longer held hostage by prices set by global markets we can’t control. To iron clad our national security, we will shortly be publishing a new energy security strategy to accelerate clean power in the UK – from offshore wind and solar, to hydrogen, nuclear and more. These technologies will use the wealth of Britain’s natural resources to deliver cleaner, cheaper power – including creating thousands of jobs in new industries across the UK. The best thing is: renewable energy used to be very expensive a decade ago, but today many technologies are relatively cheap. Thanks to our competitive energy auctions, we have been quietly delivering ever cleaner electricity at plummeting costs. For example, the price of offshore wind has collapsed by almost 70 percent over the last decade, and onshore wind is now amongst the cheapest form of electricity generation – dropping by more than 50% since 2013. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea At the same time, gas prices are at historic highs and crude oil is around $100 a barrel. It is abundantly clear that the more renewable energy we generate at home, the less gas we burn to keep the lights on. And without renewables, we would be burning even more gas, putting bills up further. On nuclear power, we are also reversing 30 years of drift and delay. As well as constructing the first nuclear power station in a generation, we’re putting forward more cash for future projects like Sizewell C, backing Rolls Royce’s small modular reactors, and our Nuclear Bill going through parliament will unblock financial obstacles. But we must not turn our back on North Sea oil and gas while we transition to cheap, clean power. This sector has been a major British industrial success story for decades, and we want it to continue for decades to come. It would be complete madness to turn off our domestic source of gas in such an uncertain world. With a renewed focus on generating cheaper, cleaner power here in Britain, we can starve Putin of cash, boost energy security and give our industrial heartlands a new lease of life with millions of new, skilled jobs for British workers. What’s not to like?