Are You Being Served? was the sitcom which had BBC One fans in stitches in the 1970s and 1980s. Set in the ladies' and gentlemen's sections of a department store, the staff on either side are at loggerheads, trying to outdo one another and become the biggest earners in the shop. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know on what happened to the stars of Are You Being Served. Mr Humphries was the sassy sales assistant in the gentlemen's department, made famous for his over-the-top ways, with his sexuality always teased in a tongue-and-cheek manner. Actor John Inman who portrayed Mr Humphries had previously won Funniest Man on Television and TV's Personality of the Year for his part. He was well known for acting in pantomimes, famously taking on the role of the dame in the productions but in 2004, he had to stop working altogether as he was diagnosed with hepatitis A. Inman had a long battle with the illness until he sadly died in 2007. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? Betty was the head of the ladies' department and remembered for always changing her hair colour. She also loved to talk about her cat Tiddles which she would refer to as "my pussy", leading to many jokes from other characters. Her most memorable role was in Are You Being Served? but she did go on to star in various other shows such as That's My Boy, My Husband and I, the spin-off Grace and Favour, and The Liver Birds as Mrs Hutchinson. She died at the age of 86 in 2009 from an unspecified heart failure. Junior sales assistant to Mrs Slocombe, Miss Shirley Brahms was the young, working-class member of the team. Actress Wendy Richard went on to star in BBC One soap opera EastEnders as the iconic Pauline Fowler from 1985 to 2006. She was also in the Are You Being Served spin-off Grace and Favour, as well as Dad's Army, Not on Your Nellie and Benidorm. Richard died in 2009 at 65-years-old after a battle with breast cancer. DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [EXIT]Peaky Blinders season 6: Arthur Shelby's heartbreaking fate sealed? [THEORY] Mr Rumbold was the bumbling and incompetent floor manager in the British sitcom. He was portrayed by actor Nicholas Smith who went on to appear in other shows such as Doctor Who's The Dalek Invasion of Earth, Z Cars and Martin Chuzzlewit. Smith also did various work on children's television, including Wallace & Gromit film The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, M.I High, Ace of Wands and Freewheelers. The 81-year-old spent seven weeks in hospital before dying of a head injury which was caused by a fall at his Surrey home. Mr Harman was Mr Mash's replacement as the stock and maintenance man who had a far friendlier relationship with the rest of the staff. Actor Arthur English also featured in In Sickness and in Health, Never Say Die and High and Dry. English died in 1995 at 75-years-old, as a result of complications from emphysema. Are You Being Served is available to watch on Britbox.