The National Rally ditched the 8-page campaign booklet as it featured a picture of the French presidential candidate shaking hands with the Russian leader. Other French politicians and presidential hopefuls have had about-turns in their sentiments towards Putin and Russia since the invasion. According to French newspaper Liberation, the campaign material featuring 8 pages devoted to Ms Le Pen had already had 1.2 million copies printed. Those would now need to be thrown away, as under the heading “a woman of conviction”, the French politician is pictured with Putin. Being pictured with a man who is now being investigated for possible war crimes may have been a turn-off for voters as the National Rally leader seeks to win the presidency in April. The leaflet also reportedly referred to Putin as a man of “international stature”. READ MORE: Outrage as Macron FAILS to strip Putin of France's highest honour In February, Ms Le Pen said she did not believe “at all” that Russia would invade Ukraine, according to Politico, describing the tensions as “a misunderstanding”. She added: “I don’t see what the Russians would do in Ukraine and what would be their interest there. “If I were President right now I wouldn’t have the glacial relations that exist between Vladimir Putin and Emmanuel Macron.” She also said in February that she thought Russia was a European country, and so “Russia should have been brought closer to Europe rather than thrown into the arms of China.” But on Thursday, Ms Le Pen appeared to have drastically changed her position on ties with Putin. In a statement, she said that the invasion should be condemned “unequivocally”, and that “no reason” could justify military action against Ukraine. Ms Le Pen said the intervention “upsets the balance of peace in Europe”. She called on Russia to withdraw from the country immediately. DON'T MISS 'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale [REPORT] Outrage as Macron FAILS to strip Putin of France's highest honour [REACTION] The presidential candidate also urged Macron’s Government to “take the initiative” in diplomatic meetings “in order to put an end to this conflict which has been going on for years and to restore peace in this region at the heart of our continent.” However, Ms Le Pen is not the only French politician who could be accused of a reverse-ferret. Fellow far-right presidential candidate Eric Zemmour, currently polling third in the upcoming race, has reportedly previously said that he “admired” Putin as he was a “patriot”. He also called the Russian leader’s concerns about NATO expansion in Ukraine and Georgia “completely legitimate”. In December, he said he would put money on Russia not invading Ukraine. As recently as February 20, he had said that “NATO must pledge that Ukraine will never become a member”. However, on Thursday, Mr Zemmour said that he condemned Russia’s invasion “without reservations” as it was “unjustifiable”. Left-wing presidential candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon, has also previously claimed that France had a “duty to ensure Ukraine does not enter NATO”.  He has also said in the past that Russia “is not an enemy but a partner”. However, last week he condemned the attack as well, describing the invasion as “intolerable”. Mr Melenchon remarked: “It bothers me that France is no longer able to be a mediating force in European conflicts. This is the result of all the diplomatic mistakes of Macron.” He added: “My thoughts turn to the brave Russians demonstrating against the war. My thoughts turn to the Ukrainians who are under the bombs. My thoughts go out to all those who defend peace.”