Prince Harry confirmed this week he will not be travelling to the UK to reunite with the Royal Family to pay tribute to Prince Philip one year after his death. The Duke of Sussex is said to remain concerned about security arrangements amid an ongoing dispute with the Home Office over the protection his family with Meghan Markle would receive. The Duke however said he will be attending the opening of The Invictus Games in The Hague the week after the memorial service. Royal commentator Charles Rae dismissed Prince Harry's demands, noting Meghan, son Archie, and daughter Lilibet would be guaranteed the same level of protection at the event. Speaking to GB News, Mr Rae said: "The surprise would be if he'd actually decided to come. "I think it's a huge snub to the Queen, especially as he's decided not to come for the March 29 service at Westminster Abbey. "But he's going to the Invictus Games in The Hague a week or so later. He's become a spoiled brat, he's just thrown his toys out of the pram." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG He continued: "He's in dispute with the Home Office at the moment over the protection because he wants royal protection, even though he said he's going to pay for it. "He just cannot hire British bobbies with guns at any time. And the point of him being here for his grandfather's event is that he would be covered by royal protection because all the royals will be covered by royal protection. "So him saying he can't bring his wife and children is rubbish. He has been using it as an excuse. "He's now saying he eventually will come and see the Queen." READ MORE: Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal - unlike Queen The commentator added: "I think the Queen will be devastated he's not going to be here, I think Prince Philip would give him a clip round the ear if he was still alive. "And I think his mother would really be disappointed in his attitude. "He's living in California, one of the most dangerous states in America. Compared to what happens in this country, he's got nothing to worry about." Writing on Twitter on Friday, royal commentator Omid Scobie said: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29. DON'T MISSPrince Harry will ‘regret’ missing Philip memorial amid ‘silly feud’ [INSIGHT]Prince Harry won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial service [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [VIDEO] "He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible." The Duke of Sussex has been embroiled in a High Court battle with the Home Office after he was informed he could not receive the "same degree" of security he used to receive as a working royal when returning to the UL. The Duke of Sussex offered to personally pay for the security details for his family himself. He insisted he is eager to return to his home country with Meghan, Archie, and Lilibet but "does not feel safe" without the protection he wants.