Russia has suffered heavy losses in Ukraine, with nearly 6,000 troops killed since entering their neighbour last week. The Ukrainian Defence Ministry claimed 5,834 soldiers have died and 30 Russian planes have been downed by its defence forces. Several Russian Army members have also been reported to have been taken prisoner.  BBC Radio 4 host Amol Rajan said: "The Ukrainian Armed Forces General Staff has posted a message on Facebook with an update. "It has been verified by BBC Monitoring. "He said Russia has lost over 5,840 servicemen in Ukraine since the start of the invasion on February 24. "Additionally, there's 30 Russian planes, 31 helicopters, up to 211 tanks, 862 combat armoured vehicles, 85 artillery systems, and 9 air defence systems have been destroyed, according to this update. " READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  He added: "The update does not give an update on the number of Russian troops who've been taken prisoner." Volodymyr Zelenskiy reiterated the Armed Forces General Staff's assessment, saying nearly 6,000 Russians had been killed in the first six days of Moscow's invasion, and that the Kremlin would not be able to take his country with bombs and airstrikes. He said: "This is no time to be neutral." The Azov Sea port of Mariupol, in the southeast of Ukraine, was under constant shelling and unable to evacuate the injured while Kherson, on the Black Sea to the west, was completely surrounded by invading Russian forces, local authorities said on Wednesday. READ MORE: Russian troops crying in combat and refusing to obey orders as radio clips show 'disarray' Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Russian troops had been deceived by their leaders and were suffering due to the lack of logistic support, meaning they were low on supplies and food. Speaking to the BBC, Mr Wallace said: "We have definitely seen cases of very quick surrenders by Russian forces, we have seen lots of abandonment of incredible pieces of equipment. "That is what happens when your military leaders don't prepare you, lie to you, or deceive you and also you base a military plan based on an arrogant assumption that you are the liberator." DON'T MISS Captured Russian soldier breaks down in tears [INSIGHT]Nord Stream 2 Firm goes bankrupt after crushing Russia sanctions [ANALYSIS]'You have no idea what's coming' Biden in fierce warning to Putin [REPORT] The Defence Secretary also rejected suggestions that Russian deserters should be offered asylum in the West. He added"I take the view that the best thing that Russian deserters can do is go back to Russia, tell the Russian people they are being deceived. "Tell the Russian people that their military leaders are causing huge amounts of unnecessary suffering and losses because of either incompetence or arrogance. "And they can go back and tell the mothers, who are wondering where their thousands of disappeared sons are." 