Pippa came into the spotlight during The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s wedding in 2011, where she was seen wearing a figure-hugging maid of honour dress at Westminster Abbey. Kate’s younger sister then took centre stage at her own wedding to James Matthew on May 20, 2017. The couple tied the knot at St Mark's Church in Englefield, with Pippa’s young nephew Prince George and niece Princess Charlotte forming part of the ceremony as the pageboy and bridesmaid. Kate decided not to be a bridesmaid or maid of honour at the ceremony, in an effort to keep the attention firmly on the bride. Author and royal correspondent Judy Wade told People magazine Kate made this decision so as not to "upstage her sister", and, instead, she was Pippa's matron of honour. However, there were concerns about another member of the Royal Family taking the limelight, namely Meghan as she had recently begun dating Prince Harry. The couple had managed to keep their relationship under wraps for five months but the news had hit the headlines at the time, with royal fans desperate to see the new couple together. In Finding Freedom, authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand, claim that Meghan had planned to attend the full day of celebrations for Pippa’s wedding. The co-authors claim the Duchess had even bought her outfit, but the decision was made that she skip it. They claim that Pippa and her mother Carole were concerned that Meghan's presence may "overshadow the main event". READ MORE: Camilla Parker Bowles is 'central' to the Firm The authors claim that a headline published on the day of the nuptials, which compared Pippa and Meghan's bottoms, was the final straw. They wrote: "Harry and Meghan agreed that she couldn't possibly turn up at the church, only 50 metres away from a specially arranged media pen, after such a crass cover story. "If they worried their arrival might create a media circus despite taking every precaution, now they had no doubt that it would. "Meghan's church outfit and Philip Treacy hat would have to be worn another time." DON'T MISS Queen and Camilla bond highlighted in announcement [INSIGHT] Royal Family steps out for ‘relaxed’ major event - no Meghan and Harry [REVEAL] Sussex fans attack chef for 'daring to say' Duchess would have to pay [REPORT] Instead of attending, Harry reportedly dropped his wife off at another wedding guest's Airbnb before driving to the church alone. While there, Meghan was said to have got ready for the reception and waited for Harry to return so they could have lunch together before they drove back to the Middleton house for the evening celebrations. However, the couple didn’t get to spend the night at each others sides, the book claims. The authors wrote: "Sitting together in the custom glass marquee that has been erected on the 18-acre property should have been a fun night for the couple, but, per Pippa's request, no couples sat together." It was understood this was used as a tactic to encourage guests to mingle and get to know other people. Harry spent the evening with TV news anchor Tom Bradby, and Meghan was with Roger Federer's wife Mirka, according to reports.