One Direction has been in a "will-they-won't-they" situation for a few years following their devastating split. The band went on hiatus in 2015 after Zayn Malik. Shortly after that, the band reportedly split completely. Ever since it has been uncertain if they would ever get back together. Before that, though, they were inducted into the legendary Madame Tussauds in London, UK. One Direction were inducted into the iconic waxworks museum back in 2013. Their identical wax sculptures were crafted over the course of two months by 20 craftsmen. And the band themselves even attended the waxworks' unveiling and posed for photos. But their time in Madame Tussauds has finally come to an end. It has been announced the wax version of One Direction has split. Their exhibit in the London attraction has now been removed from display. Tim Waters, Madame Tussauds' general manager, said: "Six years on from going their separate ways, the number of requests we’ve received from One Direction fans offering to take ownership of all, or part of, our One Direction figures now they’ve been retired shows what an impact they’ve made on their fans." (Via Evening Standard) Tim even revealed that a number of fans have been requesting the wax statues and even parts of them. He said: "One superfan even said they’d be willing to hire a private jet from Sydney to fly the figures out to them!" With that, he added: "One Direction’s figures have been an important part of Madame Tussauds London for nine years and whilst we know some fans will be sad to no longer be able to visit the band’s figures, the time has come to bid them a fond farewell." READ MORE: One Direction star promised 1D would 'not' split after Zayn Malik exit One Direction fans on Twitter instantly started speaking out about the news. One wrote: "This year gets worse and worse." (sic) Another added: "If Madame Tussauds are gonna scrap the one direction wax statues then can I have them? I’ll settle for only Harry if I need to." (sic) A third agreed: "Just found out that One Direction are no longer in Madame Tussauds and I am devastated. Literally in mourning over the fact I’ll never get to have a photo with the fake boys." (sic) And the reports didn't stop there. DON'T MISS...One Direction star promised 1D would 'not' split after Zayn Malik exit [NEWS]One Direction: Louis Tomlinson plays historic pointed 1D track [INSIGHT]'Good chance' One Direction reunion happening this year [INFO] Another disgruntled fan bellowed: "So one direction's waxworks will be removed from Madame Tussauds after seven years despite their success solo careers and no one is talking about it?" (sic) One cried: "just found out that one direction are no longer in madame tussauds and I am devastated, literally in mourning over the fact I'll never get to have a photo with the fake boys." (sic) There's even worse news on the horizon, as the odds on the band getting back together are beginning to dwindle. One Direction's odds on reuniting by the end of 2022 were recently positioned at 4/5. But Ladbrokes have now worsened the band's odds. Placing them at 5/2 to get together before the year is out. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: "A couple of the 1D lads have previously hinted a reunion isn’t too far away, but the latest odds suggest Directioners will have to wait for at least another year to see the boys back together." SOURCE