Max Verstappen has made one change to his driving style as he anticipates a title battle with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc thinks former driver Jolyon Palmer, who says F1 fans are seeing a “new Max Verstappen” after his cautious approach to racing in Bahrain. Palmer claims the Dutchman was a “little bit generous” when battling with Leclerc for the race lead on Sunday. He claimed Verstappen had the "chance” to lunge on Leclerc to take the lead but gave him more room than he did in battles with Lewis Hamilton at the end of last season. Speaking to F1TV, Palmer said: “As we get into the braking point, this is a new Max Verstappen whose not just sending this car back on the inside of turn four for the lead of the race. Think back to last year, think back to how he was racing with Lewis, particularly in the likes of Brazil where he just sent it. “If there was ever a half chance, if there was any level of minor overlap, even from a bit of a lunge, he would be sending this in on the inside of turn four. If they both didn’t make the corner, they both didn't make the corner, he would let the stewards decide about it. READ MORE: Red Bull will have Max Verstappen concern for Saudi Arabian Grand Prix “But here Max is a little bit generous, thinks better of it, doesn’t go for the lunge on the inside of turn four when he had the chance to. It would have been a bit of an ambitious one, would have maybe risked a crash, Certainly risked them both going a little bit wide but here he’s a bit more cautious. “Maybe that’s because there’s been a new directive from the race officials saying you’ve now got to be leaving space on the outside in these wheel to wheel races. They’ve tightened up this Brazil grey area which was a bit controversial last year.” Palmer was not the only one who believed Verstappen was less aggressive with Leclerc than Hamilton. DON'T MISSF1 to hold Netflix talks after Verstappen snub and Wolff criticism [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer about Verstappen and Horner [ANALYSIS]Wolff aims cheeky jibe at Verstappen as he ranks the best F1 drivers [COMMENT] In his Sky Sports column, Martin Brundle also claimed Verstappen gave Leclerc an easier ride. He said: “Verstappen's defence was firm but very fair, and with significantly less aggression than he dished out to Hamilton last season. Indeed, it was Leclerc who sliced across his nose into turn four on one occasion. It will be fascinating to see how this plays out as the championship unfolds.'' Building up the possible battle with Verstappen for the title in 2022, Leclerc suggested he would not back down on track. He said: “It is hard racing, as we have seen with Max in the past. But I’m also an aggressive driver in the way I fight with others.”