He was not comparing the order of magnitude or the nature of the limitations to freedom posed by two very different situations but instead was pointing to the common root of resistance: the desire to be free. Indeed, he asserted that the vast take-up of the vaccine was driven by our desire to be free of his own diktats. Inevitably the ever melodrama-hungry press and media declared that he was comparing the EU to Putin and a full-scale war with a democratic referendum but he was not. He was talking of the determination of mankind throughout the ages and across the globe to decide one's own fate. I made a similar point in my first ever speech to the EU parliament when I pointed to the same imperative operating throughout history and mentioned peasants revolting against the feudal barons, colonies against empires, slaves against their masters and said that Britain's rejection of EU domination was just the latest in a long line of such instances of human beings turning on oppressors. Immediately it was claimed that I was comparing EU membership to the African slave trade. Now, that in itself is interesting because I had not mentioned any particular enslavement but of course "slavery" is a modern trigger word suggesting the British Empire. What about Spartacus, I snapped at one interviewer, what about Moses? The will to be free is born in us and is manifest from our earliest years. Children revolt against parental restrictions, pupils spend a lot of time and ingenuity breaking school rules and so it goes on. Laws need consent in a free society. The decision to up the Madeleine inquiry is the right may feel brutal to her but vast amounts of time money have been devoted case without any decisive outcome. That is all Boris was saying. The greater issue that arises from this controversy is that there will never be any sensible political discourse if the knee-jerk reaction of our media is always to put the worst possible interpretation on every word that comes from a politician. Grow up, guys. THOSE of us with active memories of the 1970s often have precious little time for the antics and conduct of trade unions, but all I can say is more power to the elbow of those who are representing the poor souls sacked via Zoom by P&O Ferries. It is just unbelievable that in the 21st-century workers can be fired en masse on the spot without any notice, any negotiation, any kindness or any recognition of mental health. I thought such barbarity had disappeared with Victorian mill owners but apparently it is alive and kicking workers. That it wasn't decent is beyond dispute but it is unlikely even to have been legal. Other than enduring much-merited vilification, I doubt if whoever thought up such tactics will pay much of a price for such cruelty but it is certainly one for God's notebook. "WHY doesn't someone bump him off?" a young woman in her 30s asked me about Putin. I pointed to the analogy with Hitler's generals and the difficulties of assassinating someone who still commanded the loyalty of many of those around him and was closely guarded. She had never heard of the July 20th plot or of Claus von Stauffenberg's briefcase (nay, not even of Tom Cruise starring in Valkyrie). I do understand that to her generation the Second World War is as remote as the Boer War was to mine, but as the old saying goes those who do not study history are doomed to repeat it. Old-fashioned history lessons should be taught from five till GCSEs and without messing about with politically correct agendas. THE Government website having crashed I decided to leave offering rooms to Ukrainians for a week or so until usage had calmed down. Even now I am not sure how to find a refugee, having assumed until all the publicity that the site would itself match you to someone in need. I could take a mum, kids and a babushka but neighbours who have got through to the site tell me it is discouraging to those living in the country: no bus route or schools within walking distance. Oh, well, no harm in trying. The response to the crisis has been wonderful and has brought out the best in Britain. It is proof positive that we are not anti-immigrant but merely anti being taken for a ride. THE only wonder about the Jeremy Kyle Show is that it lasted as long as it did. Whatever the circumstances of the alleged suicide following a failed and possibly flawed lie detector test, the programme had always failed the test of common decency. It was an arena sport with unhappy humans as the clueless gladiators, accusers as ravening beasts and viewers as the bloodthirsty spectators. ------------- ACCORDING to academics at the University of Essex there is no such thing as correct language, pronunciation or terminology. Instead they advocate what amounts to linguistic anarchy with anything acceptable such as pronouncing "ask" as "aks" and dismiss any standardisation of usage as "prejudice". Unfortunately for the students, employers who are looking for articulate applicants with a good command of the language will be perfectly happy to exhibit such prejudice and to choose someone who does not use "like" a dozen times in almost as many words. ------------- THE decision to wind up the Madeleine McCann inquiry is the right one. It may feel brutal to her family but vast amounts of time and money have been devoted to this case without any decisive outcome. The families of other missing children have received only a fraction of such attention and now it is right to move on.