The Queen alongside other members of the Royal Family have unexpectedly hinted at their position over the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia. Members of the family traditionally maintain a clear distance from issues that could be considered political, but Her Majesty appeared to perform a "rare" break with protocol to show her support to Ukrainian civilians. Royally Us presenter Christina Garibaldi noted the Queen made a "generous donation" to a charity providing aid to civilians caught in the war or forced to flee their homes. Ms Garibaldi said: "Speaking of Ukraine, she actually made a rare donation to support Ukrainian refugees. "She has publicly commented on the Russian invasion against Ukraine but the UK charity Disasters Emergency Committee announced Her Majesty contributed a 'generous fund.' "They wrote on Twitter, 'many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine humanitarian appeal.' "The Royal Family tend not to talk about politics but this was definitely a way for her to lend her support and to say what side she's on." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Eagle-eyed royal supporters earlier this week suggested the Queen had shown another clear indication of her views. During a meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle, Her Majesty was pictured standing in front of a vase containing blue hydrangeas and yellow tulips. Blue and yellow are the colours of Ukraine's national flag. Prince Charles, Prince William, and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge as well as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle all spoke out in support of Ukraine. POLL: Should Prince William apologise for 'deeply offensive' comments on Ukraine war? President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, whom he met following his election in 2019, for their support. Writing on Twitter, President Zelensky said: "Olena and I are grateful to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge that at this crucial time, when Ukraine is courageously opposing Russia's invasion, they stand by our country and support our brave citizens. "Good will triumph." Kate and William this week visited the Ukrainian Cultural Centre in London to help volunteers manage donations made to the DEC. DON'T MISS Prince Harry has major plans to make himself 'more popular than ever' [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [ANALYSIS]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [VIDEO] They previously wrote: "In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine's future. "Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine's people as they bravely fight for that future. W & C." The Prince of Wales on Wednesday broke down in tears as he met Ukrainian Andriy Kopylash and his daughter Veronika at St Luke's Church in Earl's Court. Mr Kopylash talked of his concern after Veronika became stuck in Kyiv days before the invasion on February 24. She eventually left the capital by boarding the last plane to Italy just the night before Russian forces launched their attack.