Erik ten Hag has delivered a potential giveaway to his future as rumours mount that he could be set to take over at Manchester United. The Dutchman has impressed at Ajax during his five years in charge at the Johan Cruyff Arena. He has led them to two Eredivisie and KNVB Cup doubles, developing a reputation for playing progressive football. Ajax have also enjoyed deep runs in European competition, reaching the semi-finals of the Champions League in 2019. Those achievements are all the more impressive when it is considered that Ten Hag has had to deal with the loss of his team’s best players season after season. He saw Matthijs de Ligt and Frenkie de Jong sold in the same summer, forcing him to totally rebuild his team. He has successfully done that, leading Ajax to the top of the Eredivisie once again this season, conceding just 11 goals in the Dutch top-flight in the process. Ten Hag’s consistent success has drawn the eye of United in their search for a permanent manager. READ MORE: Scholes snubs ten Hag and Pochettino for preferrered next Man Utd boss The Dutchman is thought to be among the top two candidates for the post, alongside PSG manager Mauricio Pochettino. Ten Hag only signed a new contract last summer, but the Red Devils are stepping up their interest in him. The Ajax boss himself has also heavily hinted he feels ready for a new challenge and it has been reported that he is taking English lessons in preparation for a move to the Premier League. And when questioned about those reports, Ten Hag smirked at the suggestion he was taking those lessons, in a potential giveaway about his future. DON'T MISS: Atletico Madrid 'in a panic' after making blunder before Man Utd clash (NEWS)Forlan fires shots at the Glazers ahead of Man Utd and Atletico tie (INSIGHT)Five stars who Man Utd may sell this summer to help with new signings (TRANSFERS) “I don’t think it is the issue today. It is about today’s game and I focus on that, I don’t pay any attention to other subjects. I only focus on Ajax v Benfica. No [not practicing English]. That’s not true. We talk English, we talk English in the club because we have a lot of foreign players. In Holland we get well educated in English,” he told BT Sport ahead of Ajax’s Champions League clash with Benfica. This is far from the first time Ten Hag has given a hint about his future, with the Dutchman revealing at Christmas that he felt ready to move abroad, telling de Volkskrant: “I think I'm ready for it [coaching abroad]. I would be happy to take up that challenge. I'm not chasing it. But I think I have sufficient competencies to take on that challenge.”