Piers Morgan has hit out at royal biographer Omid Scobie in a scathing Twitter post after the ex-Good Morning Britain presenter branded the author as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's "fawning lickspittle". It comes after Prince William and Kate Middleton spoke to volunteers at a Ukrainian cultural centre on Wednesday. The Duke of Cambridge had said it was "alien" for his generation to see war in Europe. However, it was claimed and then amplified in social media posts, that the Duke of Cambridge had made comparisons to war in Asia and Africa, which were misreported. Omid has since taken to social media and shared video footage of Prince William speaking about the war in Ukraine. However, Piers took to Twitter today and slammed the royal biographer in a scathing post. READ MORE: Ron Pember dead: Only Fools and Horses actor dies aged 87 In view of his 7.9 million followers, he fumed: "No surprise to see Meghan & Harry’s fawning lickspittle @scobie trying his best to smear Prince William with more fake racism claims. "Disgusting, but no surprise. He and his Sussex idols are hell-bent on destroying the Royal Family’s reputation." Prince William and Kate were given a detailed tour of how people across the UK are helping those struggling to defend their homeland in Ukraine. But one conversation the Duke of Cambridge had about the Russian invasion of a European country led to a storm of outrage on social media.  It was claimed, and then amplified in social media posts, that Prince William had "normalised war in Asia and Africa" - which has been widely refuted. In the video, Prince William said: "Everyone is horrified by what they are seeing. It’s really horrifying. The news every day, it’s just, it’s almost unfathomable. "For our generation, it’s very alien to see this in Europe. We’re all right behind you. We’re thinking about you. We feel so useless.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge spent an hour chatting to some of the 40 volunteers who have been working daily at the Ukrainian Cultural Centre to send aid to a hub in western Ukraine. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams ‘despicable’ Jussie Smollett 'squealing' in court[LATEST]Carol Kirkwood issues apology to BBC colleague as he delivers swipe[BBC]Royle Family star Sue Johnston addresses two failed marriages[ADMISSION]  The aid is then transferred to people on the front line. The social club in Holland Park, West London, is packed with boxes of first aid, over-the-counter medicines, food for babies and adults, and military coats and socks. The couple spoke to volunteers taking calls from people all over Britain offering assistance. The Duchess of Cambridge appeared to fight back the tears during the visit. Royal fans took no time to praise the couple on social media. Instagram user Cherishcelebrant said: "The care and compassion shown by Catherine - that HUGE hug, and William's genuine interest and concern are a joy to behold." Another Instagram user, Nevermore.raven, wrote: "Our future King and Queen have hearts of gold. Absolutely proud of you." The Cambridges took homemade chocolate brownies and granola bars from Kensington Palace for the volunteers. They offered assistance from their charitable foundation for children and young people suffering from mental health problems.