For those who missed out on gardening over the weekend, garden expert Monty Don has shared which jobs gardeners can be getting on with this week. On the latest episode of Gardeners’ World, the 66-year-old shared which three jobs can be done now while the ground is cool and the weather is warming up. These are Monty’s three gardening tasks to be doing now: It may seem too soon to be thinking about Christmas, but for those with Christmas amaryllis, it’s time to cut it back to allow it to flower later in the year. Monty explained: “If you want your Christmas Amaryllis to flower again next year, cut off any spent flower stems and put it somewhere warm and bright. “That can be outside once the weather gets warmer. “Keep it well-watered and feed it once a week while it grows new leaves. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains “Then at the end of summer in August, stop watering completely. “Put it somewhere dark and let it go dormant and the leaves have died back. “Bring it out in December and it should regrow flowering stems.” Broad beans are way to grow and don’t provide a lot of maintenance which is why they’re perfect for amateur gardeners. DON'T MISSProperty: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house [INSIGHT]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing technique to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] They can be sown from February through to May but Monty said to “sow them now”. He said: “Broad beans are one of the few vegetable seeds that will germinate while the soil is still cool, so sow them now. “I’m sowing mine in a raised bed in a grid with each bean about nine inches apart. “But you can sow them in double rows. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Push the beans about an inch or two into the soil, rake them over nightly and they should start to appear in a few weeks’ time.” Broad beans like a sheltered spot with well-drained soil. They need to be watered once when they start flowering, and again two weeks later. Broad beans can be affected by pests and diseases but they are rarely badly damaged.  Buddleia is also known as the butterfly bush and has a delicate, sweet scent. It’s an easy and fast-growing shrub that likes sun and well-drained soil. Monty said: “Now is the ideal time to prune buddleia. “They flower on new growth so cut them back hard, leaving one or two vigorous buds. “This will stimulate regrowth that will carry strong flowers from midsummer onwards.” Gardeners’ World can be streamed on BBC iPlayer