The Phantom Menace was one of the most highly-anticipated movies ever when it hit cinemas in 1999. It had been 16 years since Stars Wars: Return of the Jedi and now George Lucas was kicking off his prequel trilogy. However, it soon became apparent that the movie and its follow-ups in Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith were receiving heavy criticism in both reviews and even from fans. At the time, young Obi-Wan Kenobi star Ewan McGregor wasn’t even sure if he wanted to be in the sci-fi blockbusters. The Trainspotting star said in a new interview: “Star Wars didn't really feel right to me. Initially, I was quite sceptical about doing it. I just thought, ‘Well, I'm this independent, urban-y, grungy actor over here. I'm not this kind of guy.’ Of course, in the end he changed his mind, but both he and his Anakin Skywalker co-star Hayden Christensen really didn’t take well to the slamming of the Star Wars prequels. Speaking with Entertainment Weekly, McGregor shared: “I found it quite hard. For it to come out and get knocked so hard was personally quite difficult to deal with. And also, it was quite early in my career. I didn't really know how to deal with that. I'd been involved with things that just didn't make much of a ripple, but that's different from making something that makes a negative ripple.” Christensen joined the Star Wars prequels in Attack of the Clones, while in his late teens, facing the backlash as he came to terms with his newfound fame. The young Dark Vader star said: “When the films came out and the critics were very critical, of course that was a difficult thing — because you care so much about this thing that you've invested so much of yourself into. So, for sure, that's challenging.” Nevertheless, as time has gone by there’s been a renewed appreciation for the Star Wars prequels, especially from those who grew up with the movies as kids. McGregor shared how he meets such fans as adults now and said: “That's beautiful that they were important to the kids who we made them for. It's just so nice to finally get that wave of positivity about them." Now both he and Christensen have been given a chance to return to their roles in the upcoming Disney+ show Obi-Wan Kenobi. Set 10 years after the events of Revenge of the Sith, Obi-Wan is based on Tatooine watching over the young Luke Skywalker as he evades the Empire’s hunt for the Jedi survivors of Order 66. DON'T MISSStar Wars Rogue One star Felicity Jones ‘in talks for Jyn Erso return’ [ROGUE ONE]John Wayne’s final movie was NOT The Shootist – Duke was in Star Wars [JOHN WAYNE]Star Wars Last Jedi: Rian Johnson's original Anakin Force ghost plans [FORCE GHOST] McGregor teased: “Obi-Wan is lost. He's a broken man after what happened with the Jedi order at the end of Episode III, but also what happened with Anakin; that he lost him to the dark side. He feels an enormous amount of responsibility for that, and guilt." Presumably, we’ll see Christensen’s Vader with his mask off at some point too, although it’s not clear yet if the 91-year-old James Earl Jones will once again be providing the Sith Lord’s voice, having done so in 2016’s Rogue One. Whatever the case, here’s hope the new limited series is a way for the stars to really make their marks with their characters after the challenging response to the prequel movies. Obi-Wan Kenobi hits Disney+ on May 25, 2022. SOURCE