Speaking on Dan Wootton’s GB News show, Ms Malone slammed the Prince’s “petulance” in addressing the criticism of his recent royal tour in the Caribbean. In a statement made at the end of the tour, the Prince said the future of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas was “for the people to decide”, giving voice to the republican sentiments in Commonwealth countries. Mr Wootton claimed it was a “huge risk to publicly disavow the ‘never complain, never explain’ mantra”, as the monarchy have traditionally never expressed their political opinions. Ms Malone then said: “Britain didn’t invent slavery, there is no single living Briton alive today who has connections to the slave trade. “We are not responsible for the crimes of dead slavers. And yet we go rushing to apologise for something that the rest of the world did. “Anyone with an ounce of compassion in their body knows that slavery was vile and abhorrent and wrong and as a society we’ve learned from it.  “But we can’t keep on self-flagellating over it, why are we apologising when we’ve got nothing to apologise for?” With Prince Philip’s memorial service taking place on Tuesday, Ms Malone responded to the negativity surrounding the Royal Family and William’s statement. She continued: “William has created a row that never needed to happen. “This is his petulance, I think as well, we thought he’d change and become a bit of a grown up but he hasn’t.  READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial: Where are Prince Harry and Meghan? “Have we forgotten that tomorrow is Prince Philip’s memorial? It could well be the last public outing that the Queen does. “He has now overshadowed what may be her last public appearance with this row that never needed to happen. “He didn’t have to say anything, he could have just kept his mouth shut, he could have just thought of his gran instead of going on and responding to criticism of him. “Get used to it mate, because it’s going to happen to you all your life.”  DON'T MISS:Kate's 'something borrowed and blue' paid tribute to two royals [INSIGHT]Royal Family to make royal protocol change as Queen steps back [REVEAL]William's admission about royal future: 'Not top of my priority list' [SPOTLIGHT] Ms Malone added that it was “simply not true” that republicanism was rife in the Caribbean and that the monarchy was no longer welcome. In a post published on Instagram, the Duke of Cambridge said that he and the Duchess were “committed to service”, but for them that was “not telling people what to do”. He said: “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn’t what is on my mind. “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” 