After the events of the "Flux", in which the universe was torn to shreds and then untorn by the extreme sacrifice of countless hordes of Daleks, Cybermen and Sontarans, the first special episode "Eve of the Daleks" took things down a notch. Avid viewers have been eagerly waiting for the BBC to confirm a release date for the next special, "Legend of the Sea Devils", which is the penultimate special episode before Jodie Whittaker regenerates and the new Doctor takes over. Tweeting a simple image of a pirate flag alongside the Doctor Who title, the official Doctor Who account @bbcdoctorwho simply wrote: "17.04.22 #DcotorWho." Not long after their first initial tweet, they posted a sneak peek image of one of the main monsters and wrote: "Doctor Who Specials airing 2022 - will air on Sunday, April 17th!" A teaser for the episode reveals: "In a swashbuckling special adventure, the Doctor (played by Jodie Whittaker), Yaz (Mandip Gill) and Dan (John Bishop) come face to fin with one of the Doctor’s oldest adversaries: the Sea Devils. "Why has legendary pirate queen Madam Ching come searching for a lost treasure? What terrifying forces lurk beneath the oceans of the nineteenth century? And did Yaz really have to dress Dan up as a pirate?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales However, despite many being excited about the release date for the second special, many were annoyed at the lack of imagery they were allowed to see compared to years before. @DiscipleOfBrad fumed: "Stayed up till midnight for photos I've already seen." @Connor_1313_ commented: "3 weeks from transmission, and they release three pics that have already been published in a magazine….f***ing ludicrous." Tom Bacon added: "Seriously? Three photos we've seen before? At the very least, you could give a release date. Seriously, you guys need to update your marketing books!" Legend of the Sea Devils will be Jodie's penultimate outing as the Doctor and will pass over the baton, although the identity of the next Doctor is still under wraps. The Sun recently reported that the new Doctor will hardly appear in the show when it returns in 2023, as BBC Bosses are planning to host a string of former time lords in a series of specials marking the series’ 60th birthday. With rumours running rife as to who will become the new Doctor, it has been theorised that Jodie will pass the baton back to David Tennant. Matt Smith, Christopher Eccleston and Peter Capaldi could also all make a comeback to the show to celebrate 60 years. DON'T MISS...Hugh Grant breaks silence on claim he's set to become next Doctor Who [INSIGHT]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Outlander star? [LATEST]Doctor Who star speaks out on ideal Jodie Whittaker replacement [WATCH]  1587061 A TV insider told The Sun: “The BBC wanted something unique to mark six decades of Doctor Who, and while getting all the former time lords together will be a challenge, it’s one Russell might just achieve. "After all, he was the man responsible for signing up Christopher and David back in 2005, and he is one of the few people who might convince them to be a part of the show again. “It remains to be seen if he can achieve an exact copy of The Five Doctors, but he will certainly want to capture some of the spirits of that landmark episode in these specials.” Speaking about her departure from the show, Jodie said in a heartfelt statement: "My heart is so full of love for this show, for the team who make it, for the fans who watch it and for what it has brought to my life. "And I cannot thank Chris [Chibnall] enough for entrusting me with his incredible stories." Rumoured names that have been highly circulated to take over from Jodie have included Hugh Grant, Olly Alexander and Lydia West. Alex Apati of Ladbrokes has previously said: "Lydia West is a firm frontrunner in the race to replace Jodie Whittaker, and the odds suggest it'll most likely be her or It's A Sin co-star Olly Alexander who gets the gig." Doctor Who: Legend of the Sea Devils will air Sunday, April 17, on BBC One.