As China continues to pursue its "zero-Covid" ambitions, coronavirus figures in Shanghai — the country's biggest city and financial capital — have seen the communist dictatorship confine citizens to their homes again. The economic impact of yet another standstill calls into question whether the nation's strategy against the virus is sustainable in the long run. With numbers in the city hitting their highest levels since the early days of the pandemic, officials have moved to experiment with a new sort of lockdown that has split Shanghai in two. But while the country's approach has been labelled as life-saving and credited with protecting the health system, it is anything but benefits business. The price of oil fell on Monday, March 28, over concerns that China's weakened economy might show less demand for the commodity following the news coming from Shanghai, where nearly 4 percent of China's gross domestic product (DP) is generated. If the surrounding provinces are added in, the region accounts for a fifth of China's economic output. But as per the German Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai, the "often unpredictable measures implemented overnight" to fight against Covid are causing problems for the 831 international companies whose centre of regional operations is in the city. Shanghai is deeply integrated into global supply chains, which suffer because of disruption in the transport of goods between city limits. According to the Association of German Chambers of Industry and Commerce, China as the "engine of the world economy" seems to be "stuttering". Only a week ago, Shenzhen ended its seven-day citywide lockdown. Meanwhile, the whole of the northeastern Chinese province of Jilin, a centre of the Chinese car industry, was put under house arrest. This forced Volkswagen and the Japanese carmaker Toyota to shut down their manufacturing plants there. DON'T MISS'One in 15' infected with new Covid variant, says Dr Chris [WARNING]Covid hell as Scotland sees record number of patients in hospital [REPORT]Where free lateral flow tests are available right now [INSIGHT] Tesla's production, in eastern Pudong, was completely sealed off by authorities in the early morning of Monday, March 28. The manufacturer reportedly tried to call staff into the factory to work and sleep there, as if in a closed system apart from the outside world, for the four days of lockdown. However, the electric car maker discovered there was not enough food in stock for workers, and bringing in the necessary supplies did not seem viable. Recent numbers — more than 56,000 confirmed Covid cases were reported nationwide throughout March — in China are small compared to those in other parts of the world. In the UK, for instance, around one in 16 people in private households in England — or 3.5 million people — are likely to have had Covid in the week to March 19, according to the latest Office for National Statistics (ONS) data. This is up from one in 20, or 2.7 million people, in the previous week and is the third week in a row that cases are understood to have spiked. However, in contrast to China's zero-tolerance approach, Britons are being told to live with the virus after restrictions were lifted fully. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg