Fears over Beijing’s possible involvement have come after reports Russia had asked for military equipment, including drones, to make up for unexpected heavy losses. AI has changed the face of warfare by making missiles so technologically advanced they can target specific objects without any human involvement. With the use of AI, weapons of war can be fully autonomous and use facial recognition and data collection to specifically target certain people and areas. China is a world leader in the field and seeks to leverage AI technology to become a leading military. Vladimir Putin was previously reported saying whoever becomes the leader in AI will be the ruler of the world. The Russian leader also predicted that future wars would be fought by countries using drones.  According to the Associated Press, he said: “When one party's drones are destroyed by drones of another, it will have no other choice but to surrender". It comes amid Putin's apparent request for military aid from China. US officials recently claimed Moscow had asked for equipment and other assistance from Beijing but it's not known specifically what was requested. Samuel Bendett, an expert on Russia's AI and military, told Express.co.uk that China's "initial assistance may come in the form of microchips and semiconductors". "This technology can be used in different types of military systems and weapons, from missiles, to warheads, to computers and automated control systems, to different types of sensors that identify and classify targets". READ MORE: ‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning  Elon Musk, along with 116 other technology leaders previously sent a petition to the United Nations calling for new regulations on how AI weapons are developed. The group feared the introduction of autonomous technology would create a “third revolution in warfare”, following the development of gunpowder and nuclear weapons. Mr Bendett added: "Chinese civilian AI investments in Russia were growing prior to the war, and may continue to grow, but the true extent of Chinese military high-tech assistance is hard to estimate at this point, considering how opaque Russian Ministry of Defence was about actual details about their military weapons". The AI expert also said we could see more evidence of deepfakes being used by Russia similar to the recent fake video of President Zelensky appearing to tell Ukrainians to put down their weapons and surrender.  DON'T MISS: Metaverse will see cyberwarfare attacks unlike anything before [INSIGHT]France and Germany shamed as EU states provided Putin with deadly arms [COMMENT]Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' [ANALYSIS] In the report he co-authored, Mr Bendett established there were more than 150 Russian AI-enabled military systems, including autonomous weapons that operate in the air, underwater and on land. One example is the Poseidon, developed by Russia, which is an autonomous vehicle resembling a torpedo that is designed to deliver a retaliatory nuclear strike. The country also has KUB-BLA drones, known as 'suicide drones', that can hit targets by following a pre-programmed set of coordinates and self destruct when it hits its target. However, the expert said that in this war, AI has primarily been used for data collection and analysis so far and has also been used by Ukrainians. Clearview AI recently offered its services to Ukraine which helps by using facial recognition to help the Ukrainians uncover Russian infiltrators, fight misinformation and identify the dead.   