Liverpool icon Jose Enrique is worried that Mohamed Salah won’t put pen-to-paper on a new deal at Anfield. And the former left-back thinks the blockbuster star could instead move to Real Madrid. Salah has become one of the best players in the world since joining the Reds from Roma in 2017 but is out of contract next summer and is yet to agree new terms. The Egyptian has found the back of the net an incredible 153 times in 238 games for Liverpool and has also provided 57 assists. During his time on Merseyside, he has won the Champions League, the Premier League and the Club World Cup. But the forward’s future is up in the air as contract negotiations have stalled, with his wage demands apparently proving problematic. And Enrique thinks the 29-year-old could depart the club. “Salah is the world’s best player and deserves to be paid accordingly - I don’t think he’ll sign a new contract,” Enrique said. “I understand the club’s position but if you want to keep your best players - Man United are paying well, City are paying well, Chelsea are paying well, Real Madrid and Barcelona are paying well - then Liverpool should pay well. They’re paying well already, but we’re talking about the best player in the world since August. If another club gives Salah £10million-a-year instead of £8million-a-year, I don’t think it’s going to make any difference in his life. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss   “I understand Salah is the best player in the world and obviously you’d want to get paid accordingly but, if both sides are clever, they’ll have to reach a middle ground. That should be happening, but I’m not very positive about it. It would be a massive mistake from him to go and a massive mistake from Liverpool to let him go.” Meanwhile, the former left-back has touted the Bernabeu Stadium as a possible destination for Salah and believes Liverpool could target Arsenal star Bukayo Saka or Leeds United ace Raphinha if the ace does head for the Anfield exit. “Salah can play for any club in the world,” Enrique added to Genting Casino. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message      “Gareth Bale is leaving Real Madrid - Salah could play there. Playing for Real Madrid is incredible. But the love he gets in Liverpool, he could retire there as a legend and as the best player in the club’s history if he keeps producing these types of numbers. “I don’t think there is any player like Salah at the moment. So it won’t be easy to replace him, but Raphinha could be an option - he’s a top player. And I really like Bukayo Saka - he’s very young but maybe he could become a player close to Salah one day. “This kind of player could do the job. But if you let Salah go and pay £80million for Saka, plus the salary, it doesn’t make sense to me.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  