Will Smith, 53, won the leading actor gong for King Richard, but had stormed on stage prior to winning after reacting to a joke made by Chris Rock which referred to his wife Jada Pinkett Smith's shaved head. The actor slapped the comedian before returning to his seat. He later returned to the stage to accept the Oscar and gave an emotional speech about the importance of protecting family. Speaking to GB News, Megyn Kelly said: "They're so out of touch, they can't relate to anything real people are going through and to me Will Smith, I know people think he nailed it on his little speech when he won the award, I don't think so. "I put him in the same boat as I put Meghan Markle with her whining and crying about alleged racists who she wouldn't name in the Royal Family about how hard it is to be a princess. "No one cares what title your kid is getting, no one cares. "They have their own problems to worry about. READ MORE: 'It was a pointed snub' Harry blasted over 'missed chance' for Archie "Will Smith is up there like, people say mean things. No one gives a fig." Twitter user Sam commented: "How the hell did you manage to bring Meghan Markle into this?" While Andy Snowden added: "Even people who dislike Meghan Markle are embarrassed by this comparison." Alina Shawcross noted: "Put him in the same boat, really? You need to be put in the same boat with Meghan Markle! "It is exactly your reaction and winging at the same level as her." The Academy has since said Mr Smith was asked to leave the 94th annual awards show after the incident. A formal review into the incident has been launched to discuss what disciplinary measures will be taken, and Smith will reportedly be given the chance to provide a written defence before the Academy board meets again on April 18. The Academy, whose board of governors met on Wednesday, said disciplinary action for Smith could include suspension, expulsion or other sanctions and added in a statement: "Things unfolded in a way we could not have anticipated. DON'T MISS Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO] "While we would like to clarify that Mr Smith was asked to leave the ceremony and refused, we also recognise we could have handled the situation differently." The Academy issued a statement on Sunday night following the incident, but on Wednesday added that Smith's actions were "a deeply shocking, traumatic event to witness in-person and on television". They added: "Mr Rock, we apologise to you for what you experienced on our stage and thank you for your resilience at that moment. We also apologise to our nominees, guests, and viewers for what transpired during what should have been a celebratory event." Smith returned to his seat in the Dolby Theatre after slapping Rock, shouting twice to the stage: "Keep my wife's name out of your f****** mouth."