Rockstar Games is gearing up to release its controversial new GTA+ susbcription service for Grand Theft Auto Online. GTA+ has a March 29 release date, exclusively on next-gen consoles such as Xbox Series X/S and PS5. While there's no official launch time, Grand Theft Auto updates typically go live at around midday. Express Online has contacted Rockstar for confirmation, so check back for more information as the story develops. Priced at $5.99 a month, GTA+ provides players with a selection of bonuses and in-game rewards for Grand Theft Auto Online. This includes monthly cash drops, as well as exclusive new outfits, vehicle upgrades and member-only discounts. Rockstar explains more: "Being a GTA+ Member gets you a recurring monthly GTA$500,000 direct deposit to your Maze Bank account, plus the opportunity to claim properties in and around Los Santos that unlock gameplay updates you may have missed out on, special vehicle upgrades, Member-only discounts, GTA$ and RP bonuses, and more each month. "Just go to Legendary Motorsport, Hao’s Special Works, Maze Bank Foreclosures, DockTease, and other stores found in the GTA Online web browser to obtain and enjoy each period’s Member benefits before they expire." Subscribers will be able to cancel whenever they want, with Rockstar announcing new bonuses each month. A full list of launch bonuses can be seen below. The bonuses will be available until April 27. www."rockstargames.com/gta-plus GTA+ launch benefits.... • GTA$500,000 delivered automatically to your Maze Bank Account. • The Principe Deveste Eight — along with a complimentary Hao’s Special Works upgrade for it before it is made available to purchase by the general public — plus the HSW Orange Trip and HSW CMYK Glitch Liveries. • The Auto Shop located in La Mesa, introduces an assortment of gameplay updates from Los Santos Tuners. Current Auto Shop owners can relocate to La Mesa at no additional cost. • Waived LS Car Meet Membership fees. Current LS Car Meet members with GTA+ will be reimbursed GTA$50,000 during this event period. • Yacht owners can upgrade to the Aquarius Super Yacht at no additional cost. • The Gussét Frog Tee and Broker Prolaps Basketball Top and Shorts automatically added to your wardrobe. • The Conveyor Livery for the Mammoth Avenger, HVY APC, and TM-02 Khanjali. • A selection of free paints and emblems for the Auto Shop. • 3X GTA$ and RP on Hao’s Special Works Race Series. • 2X Car Meet Rep on the Street Race Series. • GTA+ Members can also take advantage of special GTA+ Shark Cards that provide extra bonus cash from the PlayStation Store on the PS5 or Microsoft Store.