Laura Hamilton took to social media earlier this week to address her concerns over a dress she chose for filming A Place in the Sun. The host had travelled to Spain to film a new instalment of the hit Channel 4 programme. But the sunny holiday hotspot has recently been hit by devastating storms and floods. As of Thursday, Spanish meteorological agency AEMET has issued several yellow and orange warnings for Spain's southern and eastern coast. Among the diverse warnings, there are alerts for rainfall, coastal impacts and wind in several parts of the country. Despite the stormy weather, Laura packed a flowy dress with a risqué slit that put her long legs on display. She detailed her concerns over the outfit choice in a new Instagram post. The post features a picture of Laura striking a pose and kicking her leg up. She wrote in the caption: “I’m going for the leg split dress too this week @jasmineharman! “Prob not the best dress choice in this weather in Spain… “It’s grey, overcast and blowing a gale…but let’s smile, have fun and be grateful…" She concluded: “Hopefully going to change someone’s life this week…” The summery dress featured short sleeves and a show-stopping slit, as well as a mix of leopard and zebra prints. She complemented the look with black patent stilettos and a bold red lip. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [LATEST] Fans of the TV star rushed to the post’s comments section to compliment her style choice. Markbatchelorbusiness said: “Perfectly blending and resonating with your surroundings there, Laura. “That dress complements beautifully!” (sic) Hopwoodlinda added: “Hope the weather gets better for you. “I’m going to Spain next month and hope weather will be good. (sic) “At the moment l don’t know which clothes to take. xx” Cathiehandley stated: “Great dress, you look lovely Laura.” Jak0.2 typed: “You look absolutely amazing.”