The move will see the Foreign Secretary try to reduce the evidence threshold needed to tie London based oligarchs to the Kremlin, and Vladimir Putin. However, some critics suggest this is an extension of previous calls to deliver much of the same last month, prior to the invasion of Ukraine. Tom Keatinge, an expert in finance and security at the Royal United Services Institute think-tank said: “I cannot understand how legislation that was designed with Russian aggression towards Ukraine in mind has been so difficult to operationalise. “They don’t seem to be able to use a law that is less than a month old.” The Foreign Secretary is believed to have announced the Government is working its way through a "hit-list" of Russian oligarchs. She is also looking at other figures believed to have links to the Russian President. Ministers say they are keen to ensure sanctions are legally watertight, but in place quickly enough to prevent individuals from moving their money. The UK announced on Thursday that it had sanctioned Igor Shuvalov, Russia’s former deputy prime minister, and Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov, both of whom have been sanctioned by the EU. READ MORE:Russia turmoil as Putin warned sanctions will 'hurt' However, figures show that the UK has so far only named 11 individuals with links to Putin. Reports suggest there are private concerns that finding more may take many months due to legal hurdles. Brussels has so far announced punitive measures against 25 Russian individuals. Frans Timmermans, the EU commission vice-president, quipped on Thursday that “the UK is now following our lead” on sanctioning oligarchs. DON'T MISS:Michael Heseltine mocks Jacob Rees-Mogg over job [REPORT]Putin hid invasion plan from his OWN cabinet [REVEAL]Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [INSIGHT] Other critics are suggesting Britain should be able to impose law sooner since leaving the EU, and gaining national sovereignty over laws. Others dismissed this suggestion. One Government official said: “I’m not sure the post-Brexit legislation is the issue. "Sanctions are difficult and they are always harder than people realise. “But there’s also a question of whether they started work on this as soon as they should have? "Should they have looked at the most sensitive political cases and started work on this earlier?”  Joshua Ray, a partner at Rahman Ravelli who works with international financial institutions on UK and US sanctions compliance, told The Financial Times it was “very hard” even under UK law for sanctioned individuals to successfully challenge the government. “The government has a great degree of leeway . . . There’s not a massive amount of proof that the government has to have at the outset,” he said, noting that officials could rely on third-party sources. He added: “I think really what’s driving the UK’s slowness to react is just the amount of Russian money that is in London, and the amount of interconnectedness between the UK and Russian economies. They’re very reluctant to disrupt that from an economic perspective.” 