American actor, Jussie Smollett, 39, was sentenced in Chicago today. In December, Smollett was found guilty of five of six felony counts against him. Smollett has been sentenced to 150 days in Cook County jail and 30 months probation. He was immediately remanded into custody. He had been convicted of lying to the police and staging an attack on himself. In 2019, the actor told police he had been beaten and had racist and homophobic abuse shouted at him. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update 1573715  The ex-Empire star had also told police that a chemical substance had been poured on him and that a rope had been looped around his neck before the attackers fled. He was facing up to three years in prison for each of the five felony counts of disorderly conduct, of which he was convicted. The former Empire star was also ordered to pay $120,106 in restitution to the City of Chicago. The judge told Smollett he was a "charlatan" and said he had done damage to real victims of hate crimes. He added that he was worried that this case would affect how first responders reacted to real hate crimes and that they may feel sceptical. The judge also told Smollett he had committed "hour upon hour of perjury", "lying" about what had happened while on the stand. The actor, who also starred in The Mighty Ducks, has maintained his innocence and insisted that he did not hire brothers Abel and Bola Osundairo to stage the attack. Smollett declined to speak prior to the sentencing. DON'T MISS:Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence [NEWS]Judge Robert Rinder hits out at criticism over planned Ukraine trip [OPINION]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [COMMENT] When asked if he wanted to say something following the sentencing, Smollett replied: “No, I would just like to say to your honor that I am not suicidal. “That's what I would like to say.” He later shouted: "I am not suicidal. “I am innocent, and I am not suicidal. “If I did this, then it means that I stuck my fist in the fears of Black Americans in this country for over 400 years, and the fears of the LGBT community. “Your honour, I respect you and I respect the jury, but I did not do this, and I am not suicidal, and if anything happens to me when I go in there, I did not do it to myself, and you must all know that.” Last month, Smollett filed documents asking for a new trial.