Today, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will return to Wales to mark St David’s Day. They will travel to Abergavenny and Blaenavon to celebrate Welsh history. The couple will learn about the importance of the agricultural industry to rural populations and how community organisations are providing support to young people. Their first stop will be Pant Farm, a goat farm that has been providing milk to a local cheese producer for nearly 20 years. This will be followed by a visit to Abergavenny Market to see first-hand how important local suppliers are to rural communities. Staying in line with their charitable portfolio, the Cambridges will also visit Blaenavon Hwb, a community-focused youth centre that helps to support over 600 local young people. The pair’s last joint visit to Wales was in November 2020, when they called at Cardiff during their Royal Train tour. However, their links to Wales go back to the early years of their marriage. Prince William to Anglesey in north Wales for his job in the Royal Air Force. Kate, his then-girlfriend, moved in with him a few months later. The Duke and Duchess lived in a four-bedroom country cottage on the Bodorgan Estate from 2010 to 2013. The pair married in a huge wedding in 2011 in the full glare of the world’s media, but then they were able to retreat to their private life. Secluded and away from the prying eyes of the public, the cottage provided an idyllic escape for the couple who craved privacy. The home has largely been kept under wraps since the royals spent their time there, but it is known that it has four bedrooms, comes with access to a private beach and boasts beautiful views of nearby Newborough Forest, Llanddwyn Island and Snowdonia. It is also believed that the property is actually formed of two houses, with a staircase between the two. Bodorgan Hall is the largest property in Bodorgan and is owned by Lord and Lady Meyrick, who is the niece of the Duke of Buccleuch. While living on the quiet island, the Cambridges managed to lead a relatively normal life. Prince Harry warned dishing dirt on Camilla ‘may actually help her’ [LATEST]The royal who dropped from second in line to throne to 17th because of archaic royal rule [INSIGHT]Meghan & Harry’s subtle ‘physical clues’ to 'show fans their marriage is strong' unveiled [ANALYSIS] William was often seen jogging around the village, while Kate would reportedly pop out to the shops, browsing the bargains at her local butcher and fishmonger. Speaking to the Daily Mail at the time, a local publican said William and Kate were “just like any other young couple in love”. The cottage is considered to be the Cambridges' eldest son, Prince George's, first home. In 2013, the couple moved into Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace after William's job as a military pilot ended. At the Anglesey Show that same year, the Duke said: "This island has been our first home together, and it will always be an immensely special place for us both. “Catherine and I look forward to returning again and again over the coming years with our family. "I know that I speak for Catherine when I say that I have never in my life known somewhere as beautiful and as welcoming as Anglesey."