On ITV’s This Morning, the money saving expert answered listener questions and offered some suggestions for those who are worried about the cost of living crisis. Pip, a single mother working part time, called into the show and said she is “getting increasingly worried” about how she will manage the increasing bills to come in the next couple of weeks. With inflation and energy bills on the rise, and tax hikes looming, many households will feel a squeeze on their finances as things get more expensive. Pip explained that she is receiving Universal Credit as a “top up” but she feels this is still not enough as it is not inline with inflation. She asked the money saving expert if he had any tips to help her money go further. He said: “This is difficult to answer but the worst thing anyone can do is look at the big picture. READ MORE: Carer's allowance: Thousands could be due over £100 extra in benefit payments in April “Then go online and use money makeover guides that can take you through things. “Simply ask yourself ‘Am I doing this this cheapest way?’ “See if you can free up any cash.” He explained that almost 16million people are out of contract on broadband, mobile and digital TV and many are paying twice as much as they need to. People should assess this and see if they can get cheaper deals. Regarding water bills, people should check to see if they can switch to a water meter instead of a rateable water bill as it is cheaper, he suggested. Mr Lewis urged Britons to “do everything you can.” Energy prices are predicted to rise by a typical £2,000 for each household come October, he said so small changes could make all the difference. He said: “Line by line look through your finances, but I suspect we also need increasing intervention from the state to help people because in some cases it does not add up. “I’m running out of tools to be able to help you.” The money saving expert encouraged those on low incomes to check if they are eligible for any benefits. He suggested that people should use the benefit calculator to see if there is anything they are not claiming. “It’s worth talking to someone like Citizen’s Advice to see if there is any help available on the benefits,” he said.