Meghan Markle, 40, left official royal duties at the beginning of 2020 when she moved permanently to the USA. However as a working royal between 2018 and 2020 she attended many royal events where she showed off her elegant style. For instance, in 2019 whilst pregnant, Meghan and her husband Prince Harry attended the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey.  For the occasion the Duchess of Sussex wore a white coat and hat, paired with a printed Victoria Beckham dress. The print on the white dress was quite striking. The dress appeared to be printed with several broken chains. She also wore a dark green clutch, and dark green heels. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan’s US retreat helped ‘make them stronger’  Meghan looked very chic as she stepped out in the cream outfit for the Commonwealth Day event. But what was the symbolism behind Meghan’s choice? Body language expert Jesús Enrique Rosas tweeted an Image of Meghan from the 2019 service. The caption of the tweet claimed: “How could I miss this so many times? “That 'breaking the chains' in Meghan’s dress back in March 2019 was truly foreshadowing.” By the time the Commonwealth Day service had arrived the following year. In 2020, Meghan and Harry had made the decision to step back as working members of the Royal Family. For the 2019 service, Meghan did look extremely elegant. Her cream dress cut off just below the knee, and she accessorised with a matching coat.  The bespoke Victoria Beckham dress cost £1,200 and had a very stylish V-neck. The stylish royal wore a cream hat and textured cream coat which featured a slit at the bottom of each side. Meghan arrived at the event with Prince Harry, and wore a silver ring on the index and middle finger of her right hand and nude nail varnish. It Is a protocol within the Royal Family that women wear nude nail varnish Instead of bright colours.  Meghan brought a pop of colour to her outfit as she held onto a small satin emerald clutch that cost £370. She added matching dark green satin high heels for extra glamour. The dress had a loose fit with a dropped waist, and long sleeves that could be seen from the sleeves in her coat. For the 2020 Commonweath Day service, Meghan wore an £11,000 Emilia Wickstead green satin dress. 