Appearing at a pro-war rally last week, Putin, 69, wore a Loro Piana jacket worth £10,000 - over thirty times the average Russian’s monthly wage. This comes as experts predict that the global response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine will set Russia’s economy back thirty years. The crisis will also hit the standard of living hard for average Russians over at least the next five years - all as their leader continues to swan about in designer clothing. The coat wasn’t Putin’s only item of clothing with a weighty price tag - his roll-neck jumper, from Italian designer Kiton, is worth £2,400. According to Russia Beyond, his suits have a starting price tag of £4,000 and are produced by one skilled tailor, reports The Mirror. The deluded tyrant has been lambasted on social media for continuing to flout his expensive taste as he drives his country into crisis. American talk show host Trish Regan tweeted: “Putin wore a $14,000 coat at his “rally”… almost 1.5x the $10,000 per capita YEARLY income of everyday Russians. Some leader. “Leading his people to death and total economic destruction all while sporting his designer threads. Disgusting.” A petition has begun for Loro Piana to publicly denounce Putin following the association with the brand, and has already reached over 1000 signatures. He has also been known to sport their gym wear, posing for photos during a workout wearing a £2,400 Loro Piana tracksuit. Sources add that Putin’s favourite clothing brand is Brioni, the Italian tailor famous for dressing Bond, while his shoes come from Salvatore Ferragamo or John Lobb. Stylists reportedly rip off any labels so no attention is drawn to the lavish brands that Putin wears. Many have observed the absurdity of Putin’s apparent hatred for all things Western, recently indicated by his rambling speech days before the invasion of Ukraine in which he bemoaned Western capitalism - only for him to be apparently such a fan of its designer clothing. One Twitter user stated: “If Russia and Putin dislike westerners in general why does Putin need to wear a winter coat produced by westerners?” READ MORE: Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' [REVEAL] One user said: “Putin's coat may be made of gold, but Zelenskyy's balls are made of brass”. Putin also allegedly possesses a watch collection worth nearly £450,000. The centrepiece of the extravagant collection is a £300,000 Tourbograph, which comes kitted out with a handstitched crocodile leather strap and gold plated arms. While many Russian people are forced to carve out an existence in increasingly dire poverty, Putin is the owner of a $1billion mansion, modestly named “Putin’s Palace” - as well as 19 other properties, 58 planes and helicopters, and a £73m superyacht. DON'T MISS: Country pub's warning after family leaves without paying £100 bill [REVEAL]Commuter chaos as Newcastle service for Kings Cross now start at York [ANALYSIS]Busybody cyclist fined for taking over 500 helmet cam videos [INSIGHT] The Centre for Economics and Business Research predicts that Russian real wages are set to fall by 18 percent over the next 12 months. They also predict that Russian real wages will be reduced by 25.7percent by December 2024, all while inflation is set to rise by 30 percent in 2023. Maximilian Hess, a Central Asia fellow in the Eurasia program at the nonprofit Foreign Policy Research Institute, added that the Russian currency is facing freefall. He said to CNBC: “The problem you have now is we’re basically in a spiral where we don’t know how many unrealized losses there are left to realize. “So we still can’t rule out that the ruble could collapse, collapse.”