With no job too big or too small for the team of craftspeople on The Repair Shop, BBC viewers have never seen the team sending customers away, that is, until Red Nose Day. Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders are set to wreak havoc in the workshop as the comical double act will play their characters from The Extras.  The pair will be seen trying to blag a free fix from the team which will see presenter Jay Blades and experts Julie Tatchell and Amanda Middleditch keeping their heads down hoping to avoid any mischief. Causing chaos, the pair of wannabe TV stars are desperate to have their five minutes in the limelight, which doesn’t go unnoticed by host Jay. When the TV host realises they are more extra-verts than extra-keen to have their loved belongings repaired, he sends them packing. Meanwhile, Julie and Amanda get to work on another very special guest’s repair, putting their skills to the test. Hoping to raise as much money as possible for Red Nose Day, actor Dawn spoke about the importance of her special TV feature. READ MORE:Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission  She said: “I don't think we've ever said no to Comic Relief because it just is too important, and because it's from our community. “I know that the money is spent correctly and I know that there are projects that are ongoing that need us to be ongoing. “I wouldn't ever want to let anyone down,” Dawn added. French and Saunders have had an illustrious career in comedy and it doesn’t look as though they plan to stop anytime soon.   When asked to do the show, Jennifer gushed over the opportunity and insisted their characters were “perfect” for The Repair Shop. After seeing the show, the 63-year-old claimed she had already begun to think of humorous storylines involving the characters before the opportunity had come up. She said: “You know, I just thought, this is the show for us. “Then Comic Relief said we've got The Repair Shop and it was like the perfect thing. It was so perfect!"   Speaking ahead of the Comic Relief episode, presenter Jay couldn’t believe the mayhem which had been caused by the comedy duo as soon as the filming had started. The presenter claimed the episode is a “real treat”, saying: “You must watch it to see how funny it was. “For fans of the show, it’s a real treat!" Red Nose Day 2022 will be hosted by Alesha Dixon, David Tennant, Zoe Ball, Paddy McGuinness and Sir Lenny Henry. The Great Comic Relief Prizeathon will be hosted by Joel Dommett and AJ Odudu DON'T MISS... BBC viewers plead for Clive Myrie to leave Kyiv as rivals exit [LATEST]Call The Midwife bosses open up on 'dark' and 'difficult' series [INTERVIEW]Tipping Point fans fume as they spot pattern in show [REACTION]  As some of the nation’s favourite faces come together for a very special night of comedy, entertainment, featuring stars such as Hugh Bonneville, Dame Joanna Lumley and Oti Mabuse. McFly’s Harry Judd, Fleabag star Jamie Demetriou and comedians Lee Ridley and Rosie Jones are also set to feature on this year’s special. Red Nose Day airs on Friday 18 March on BBC One and BBC iPlayer at 7pm