With a new season of Netflix's Formula 1: Drive to Survive dropping on the streaming platform and the 2022 Bahrain Grand Prix just wrapping, driving is at the sporting forefront of the nation. British racing driver Jenson Button has weighed in on the legendary driver and if he can take on Max Verstappen to win this time around. The new season of the Netflix show focuses on the 2021 racing season and how Hamilton missed out on a record eighth championship following the Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi. His former teammate Button has commented on whether he thinks this is Hamilton's year after his notable on-track rivalry with Verstappen. He said: "I have no idea what he’s gonna do." On if he will retire this year, results depending, he continued: "Sometimes you want to go out on top, but it’s difficult walking away when you’re on top when you can come back the year after and win again. Read More: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn at big events "Who knows." Speaking to the Metro he added: "For me, it’s exciting to see him battling it out with people like Max and the Ferrari guys, with Charles [Leclerc] being competitive and quite an aggressive driver, as well, in the way he fights for position." F1 racers have become household names, often making TV appearances and appearing in advertising campaigns. Button teased that the camaraderie and rivalry between racers adds to what happens on the track. "This is what we want," he said. "When it was just Mercedes winning every weekend it’s not so fun for people watching and everyone involved. "To have two teams last year fighting for championship was great, and possibly three this year, if not more – F1’s in a good place." Button is now a Brand Ambassador for Williams Racing and a pundit for Sky Sports and covers the 2022 Formula One season. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns as Marlon Dingle discovers he has another child? [SPOILERS]The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone ‘Congratulations’[LATEST]Jason Manford’s appearance leaves Starstruck viewers distracted ‘Looks ridiculous’ [LATEST] On the 10-episode Netflix show and reports of "fake drama" on the series he described: "I’m a purist, so I don’t like anything that’s not correct. "This has been my world for so many years, I know what’s fake and what isn’t; when a tyre squeal isn’t a tyre squeal; when the commentary isn’t actually the commentary for the race. "But I understand it as well." With F1 race tracks scattered across the globe, having access to footage such as this docu-series has helped bring racing to a wider audience. He divulged: "It’s brought in a lot of fans around the world who might not have been fans before. "I thank them for that, but as a purist… I like watching Sky Sports F1 to be fair [laughs], that’s where I am and I know it’s truthful. "It’s entertainment, which is good." Mercedes' driver Hamilton didn't have the best run at the recent Saudi Arabian Grand Prix 2022 with Verstappen coming out on top and Hamilton ending in tenth place. With the Australian Grand Prix just a few weeks away, he finds himself 29 points behind Drivers' Championship leader Charles Leclerc. Formula 1: Drive to Survive is available on Netflix.