Netflix’s highly acclaimed crime series, Ozark is set to make its highly anticipated comeback with part two of its fourth and final season. With fans eagerly waiting to find out the fate of their favourite characters, it looks as though sparks could fly between Ruth Langmore (played by Julia Garner) and Frank Cosgrove Jr (Joseph Sikora) when the show returns  Ozark part one ended on an emotional note, which saw Ruth reach her ultimate limit after launching a heart-wrenching tirade at Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman). After recently becoming enemies with the patriarch, she thought he was behind the death of her cousin Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan) and his wife Darlene Snell (Lisa Emry). However, it turned out the successor of the Navarro cartel, Javi (Alfonso Herrera) pulled the trigger on the newlyweds just hours after they said their I do’s. Season four also saw Ruth make amends with Frank Jr after their feud in season three landed her in hospital. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump She was even the one to inform him, his father Frank Cosgrove (John Bedford Lloyd), the head of the Kansas City Mob, was killed by Darlene. Their feud began when she threw Frank Jr overboard the riverboat casino she used to manage for his unruly behaviour during a poke tournament. When Marty and Ruth approached his father with an apology and an extra 10% cut, he refused it and wanted Ruth fired. The Byrde family had a deal with the Kansas City Mob where in exchange for a cut in the casino's laundering activities, the mob would help move money around for the Byrdes. When Marty explained Frank Jr threatened to give up their operation, the men agreed to an additional 15% cut and Marty informed him Ruth was “untouchable.” However, Frank Jr proved it wasn't the case when he brutally beat her up so bad she landed in the hospital. This ended her relationship with the Byrdes after they refused to handle him, so instead Darlene took matters into her own hands and shot him in the genitals. In season four, the two reconciled after Frank Jr apologised and according to actor Joseph Sikora fans could see a potential romance between his character and Ruth. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]Ozark season 4: Ruth Langmore killing spree 'sealed' in haunting clue [THEORY]Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue? [THEORY] Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, he hinted: “There's some love growing in the air, let's see if Frank Jr. survives the season first but I loved it. “It was such an honour to be a part of that show, I think it's one of the great shows on television... Jason Bateman is an amazing director and an amazing actor, and Laura Linney is one of America's great actors. “But let's get back to Julia Garner, who I have most of my scenes with. She is just dynamic and so much fun to watch; she's a little firecracker, a little lighting in a bottle, and I just enjoyed every minute of being onscreen with her.” Fans have also anticipated a romantic relationship between the two as the recent deaths in their lives could help them find common ground. Taking to Reddit, FoundationParty3646 wrote: “I know it’s weird but for some reason I want Frank jr and Ruth to end up together. I think the dysfunction would be entertaining.” Karmatrauma responded and agreed: ”I can see it.” With season four being the final instalment in the series, Sikora teased Ruth and Frank Jr could have a spin-off: “Him and Ruth, I mean, do I sense a spin-off there?” However, there are still seven other episodes to keep viewers enthralled as it’s yet to be seen who will make it out of Ozark alive. Ozark season 4, part 1, is available to stream on Netflix now. Ozark season 4, part 2, will premiere later in 2022. 