Lewis Hamilton recorded an unexpected podium finish in the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix courtesy of a double retirement from Red Bull, but he gave nothing away when asked whether it felt like 'karma' for what happened in Abu Dhabi back in December. Mercedes have dominated the past eight seasons in F1 but the race weekend of the 2022 season saw the Silver Arrows take an unfamiliar reserved approach. Pre-season testing in Bahrain had thrown up several issues for the W13 with both Hamilton and George Russell complaining of issues. And Saturday's qualifying session highlighted just how far behind Mercedes are from Red Bull and Ferrari. Both drivers made a promising start from lights out, with Hamilton moving up to fourth and gaining on Carlos Sainz. That charge only lasted a few laps however as both Red Bull and Ferrari were soon out of sight. Mercedes looked as though they would have to make do with fifth and sixth with Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc way out in front. But disaster struck for Verstappen as the reigning F1 world champion suffered mechanical issues on his car before having to retire from the race. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton reacts to Max Verstappen retirement   Perez was suffering from the same issue, allowing Hamilton to close up to him heading into the final lap. And the Mexican driver's car seized up heading into Turn One, pushing Hamilton and Russell up to third and fourth respectively. Speaking after the race, Hamilton was asked whether Red Bull's double retirement felt like 'karma' for what happened in last year's season finale at Abu Dhabi. He said: "I don't have a response to it. I just focused on our job. "Obviously it was unfortunate for them today but, yeah, I just focus on positives." DON'T MISS  The result for Mercedes gave them 27 points to kickstart the season, which could prove crucial come the end of the year with Red Bull scoring nothing. But Hamilton insists the Silver Arrows have plenty of work to do before they can start thinking of competing at the front in the near future. "Look it's such early days," Hamilton said. "Reliability of course is always a key player, but with the performance they have, they look strong. "To be able to come back strong in the next races I think for us, we just keep our head down. We've got a lot of work to do, we're not currently fighting them necessarily on track. So that's what we'll focus on."