It’s well known now that Henry Cavill was a runner up to Daniel Craig in the 2005 James Bond auditions for Casino Royale, but there were some other hot contenders. One of them was Outlander star Sam Heughan, who like the Superman actor is still keen to take up the Licence to Kill now that the incumbent 007’s era ended some definitely in No Time To Die. In a recent interview, the 41-year-old shared what he’d bring to Ian Fleming’s spy if cast. Speaking with The Sunday Times, Sam said he’d take the 60-year-old franchise “back to where it all began. I think any British actor would. What would I bring? Scottish charm and a slight humour.” By the sounds of it, the Outlander hunk – whose best odds of being the next 007 are 12-1 – would hope to recapture the essence of fellow Scot Sean Connery and his dry wit during the classic 007 missions of the 1960s. Interestingly, being a former Bond auditionee bodes well for the actor in being considered for the next 007 today. Bond expert and author of Catching Bullets – Memoirs of a Bond Fan, Mark O’Connell, believes this could certainly be the case. DON'T MISSNext James Bond ‘will be young' Tom Hardy and Idris Elba too old now? [NEXT BOND]Next James Bond story announced as part of new trilogy – '007 dead?' [BOND BOOKS]Next James Bond: ‘New 007 announcement may be as soon as after Oscars’ [NEXT BOND] Speaking with Express.co.uk a couple of years ago, Mark said: “Roger Moore was considered for Sean Connery’s Dr No, Timothy Dalton was looked at when he was just 21 in the era of George Lazenby’s On Her Majesty’s Secret Service and later Diamonds Are Forever. They looked at everyone for Diamonds Are Forever, as they were slightly panicking [after George Lazenby turned down more Bond films after just one outing].” In the end, Connery was convinced to come back for the 1971 movie before Moore had his first turn of seven with 1973’s Live and Let Die. Fans may also remember how Pierce Brosnan bagged the role for 1987’s The Living Daylights but was tied to a contract for Remington Steele, so Timothy Dalton took over then. It wasn’t until 1995 that the Irish actor would get his chance in GoldenEye and beyond.