Newcastle United have drawn up a four-name shortlist of goalkeeping targets this summer, which reportedly includes Arsenal's Bernd Leno and Manchester United's Dean Henderson. Eddie Howe is expected to heavily bolster his squad in Newcastle's first summer transfer window under their Saudi Arabia-backed ownership. The Magpies will likely be active in acquiring reinforcements in several positions ahead of Howe's first full season in charge. And they are evaluating their goalkeeper situation, with a cluster of top-class stoppers currently available or underutilised by their clubs. Since Howe replaced Steve Bruce in the dugout, Martin Dubravka has been a crucial fixture at St James' Park. However, Newcastle are seemingly pursuing stronger competition for places throughout the squad at the dawn of a new era on Tyneside. And according to MailSport, they have identified four leading goalkeeper targets ahead of the summer transfer window. Leno and Henderson are joined in the club's sights by Chelsea number two Kepa Arrizabalaga and West Bromwich Albion keeper Sam Johnstone. JUST IN: Aubameyang leaving Redknapp red-faced after Barcelona heroics Newcastle failed in a late bid to sign Henderson on loan in January due to Dubravka's hesitance to move the other direction as David de Gea's back-up. Leno was also in the frame in the winter transfer window, whilst Johnstone will be available for free upon the expiry of his contract. Kepa is a less realistic option, with Chelsea wanting to recoup a good chunk of the excessive £71million fee they paid to sign him in 2018. But Newcastle will only look for a loan deal for the Spaniard, given his contract isn't up until 2025. Work on summer transfers is already underway, with Premier League safety looking more of certainty by the week after an excellent sequence of results in recent months. Newcastle will hold a recruitment meeting at the end of March to clarify which positions Howe views as priorities to strengthen and potential personnel. READ MORE: Tottenham mind games emerge as Arsenal backed to finish in top four Goalkeepers aside, midfielders Kalvin Phillips, Yves Bissouma and Brennan Johnson - of Leeds, Brighton and Nottingham Forest respectively - and Bayer Leverkusen forward Moussa Diaby will also be discussed during next week's recruitment meeting. It's no secret the Magpies boast enormous funds and are now capable of financially blowing their rivals out of the water in the market. However, they are unwilling to overspend due to their status alone and are therefore attempting to be realistic when targeting new signings. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here