Dan Wootton’s panel for his Monday GB News slot consisted of Carole Malone, Benjamin Butterworth and Esther Krakue. As the panel discussed Brits offering their homes to Ukrainians, Dan furiously hit out at Benjamin for suggesting the UK’s reaction to the Russia-Ukraine war is “racist”. Dan began: “The irony that the [Government] is spending thousands of pounds a month to house in posh hotels illegal refugees who are coming over on the small boats…” Interrupting, Esther remarked: “Migrants not refugees.” “Sorry, they’re economic migrants and Esther’s completely right to pick me up on that,” Dan said. Benjamin argued: “The fact that everyone and much of the country is saying, ‘We want Ukrainian refugees' shows the racism in this country. Read more: Eamonn Holmes blasts 'famously slow' EU over Ukraine's bid to join “The fact they will take the white refugees but all those Syrian refugees that are seeking refuge…” Cutting him off, Dan fumed: “Oh give over Benjamin. How dare you turn this into a matter of race. “How dare you! This is a country that has been invaded by Russia, the people who are coming across the Channel in the most part are economic migrants who are already in France and are here to cheat the system. “How dare you turn this into an issue of race,” the GB News host exclaimed. Carole added: “You’re politicising this and it’s not political. It’s humanitarian, it’s not political.” “Do you think the colour of the Ukrainians’ skin makes any difference to this Benjamin?” Dan questioned. Benjamin pointed out: “Well it clearly does to the attitude of this country because these refugees are in no more crisis than those who have been coming from Syria and Yemen and all countries around the world for so long.” “Shame on you,” Dan remarked and Benjamin asked: “Why is the attitude different?” DON'T MISSGMB fans adamant Ben Shephard and co-star Ranvir Singh are 'feuding' [INSIGHT]GMB reporter helping Ukrainian refugees in Lille [VIDEO]Richard Madeley sparks uproar again with Ukraine joke [INTERVIEW] Ignoring his question, the host said: “Do you know what this proves? “The left will turn everything these days into a race-baiting issue and it makes me sick.” Repeating himself, Benjamin asked: “Why is it we’ll take Ukrainian refugees and not Syrian?” “I’m so embarrassed to have heard it,” Esther commented. “You’re comparing people fleeing for their lives in bombing raids to illegal economic migrants. Why would anybody want to take on illegal economic migrants fleeing the Channel from the dangerous landscape of France?” “You know full well they’re not fleeing France, they’re fleeing [war-torn] countries,” Benjamin said. “They’re already in France,” Dan remarked and his guest hit back: “Where do you think the Ukrainians are before they come here? “They’re in France, the Eurostar said, ‘No need to go by any other means we’ll put you on a train to free.’ “Tell me why were the other refugees and asylum seekers drowning in the Channel for years?” GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel on weekdays at 6am.