 TV presenter Angellica Bell and weatherman Owain Wyn Evans went head-to-head as they competed in the Red Nose and Spoon Race for Red Nose Day 2022. The two teams, led by the BBC hosts, took on an exhausting and daunting epic adventure across some of Lake District National Park’s most famous and formidable climbs, as they made their way from Elterwater towards the finish line at Buttermere. Owain joined presenters Angellica and Alex Jones on Thursday’s The One Show when he was left feeling moved over the charity event.   BBC viewers had been introduced to the contestants taking part before Owain gushed over his team. Owain beamed: “You were both just incredible. “I mean, spending time with you doing that challenge was incredible. “You’re such great people and obviously we’re doing this for a reason that’s very close to both of you. “I just want to say, thank you for getting on through there,” he gushed. READ MORE:Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' The BBC weather forecaster sympathised: “It was really difficult,” before he blew a kiss to the challengers, adding: “You were fabulous darlings.” Moreover, Angellica weighed in on the praise, turning to her teammates, saying: “Sean and Cherrelle, whatever the result, you are my heroes." The former CBBC host went on to add: “You are my winners.” While one of the competitors shouted back to Angellica: “You are my hero!” Holding back the tears, the Dance Xtra starlet remarked: “Don’t make me cry, please, I’ve done enough crying but you know, both of you have got a special bond with me.” Angellica remarked: “I will remember you [both] forever. “You are both special people, you are going to touch the lives of other people. “So, keep in contact okay,” she told the challengers.  BBC presenter, Alex said: “Lovely speeches by the way.” The drumming weatherman and Angellica will lead teams in a four-day race across the Lake District for Red Nose Day. Serving as team captains, viewers saw the two groups attempt to keep a red nose on a spoon while battling the challenging terrain of the national park. The team faced more adrenaline-filled challenges than last year while trying not to drop their noses, a mistake that would lead to a time penalty.   