Dmitry Polyanskiy, Russia’s deputy ambassador to the UN, issued a chilling warning on Wednesday, stating: “We are a nuclear power, why not?” Putin’s spokesperson said on Tuesday the Russian President could use nuclear weapons to see off an “existential threat”.  Russia's leader had already heightened nuclear tensions shortly after invading Ukraine - putting Russia’s nuclear capabilities on “special alert” on February 27. He claimed the move was in response to “aggressive statements” made by the NATO alliance, which had reacted with outrage to the invasion. The day after troops moved in on Ukraine, NATO leaders said in a statement that it was a “terrible strategic mistake, for which Russia will pay a severe price, both economically and politically, for years to come”. Russia further raised alarm when it said any countries which might allow Ukraine to use its airfields for attack runs – including nearby NATO countries – would be counted as belligerents.  READ MORE: Desperate Putin resorting to ‘dumb bombs’ to attack Ukraine’s cities Speaking to Sky News at the UN in New York, Mr Polyanskiy said: “If Russia is provoked by NATO, if Russia is attacked by NATO […] we are a nuclear power, why not?” Asked if he thought that was a legitimate claim, he continued: “I don't think it's the right thing to be saying. “But it's not the right thing to threaten Russia, and to try to interfere. So when you're dealing with a nuclear power, of course, you have to calculate all the possible outcomes of your behaviour.” The Russian diplomat was also questioned on alleged Russian war crimes on the Ukrainian population, which the International Criminal Court is now investigating.  Western leaders have accused Russian forces of deliberately aiming for civilian targets in missile strikes, and for indiscriminately bombing hospitals and places of refuge. However, the Kremlin has maintained its actions in Ukraine were legitimate and the result of provocation. On March 16, US President Joe Biden told reporters he believed Putin to be a war criminal, and yesterday (Wednesday) the US formally accused Russia of war crimes. When asked about Mr Biden’s remarks, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said they were “absolutely impermissible, unacceptable and unforgivable”.  DON'T MISS Doomsday plane flies over English Channel [INSIGHT] Man hurls petrol bomb at Putin's home– angry Russian uprising erupts [REPORT] Putin 'clearing his conscience' after cancer diagnosis claims [REVEAL] He said: “The main thing is that the head of a state which has for many years bombed people across the world [...] the President of such a country has no right to make such statements.” Mr Polyanskiy dismissed claims of war crimes against civilians at the hands of Russians, stating: “We said from the very beginning, that our military is not a threat for the civilian population Ukraine.” On Tuesday, Mr Peskov refused three times on CNN to rule out the possibility of Putin using a nuclear weapon as part of the conflict. He said that the Russian President was allowed to use the forces at his disposal to see off an “existential threat”.  The US again accused Russia of needless threats amid an already terse international balance. Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby called out Mr Peskov’s remarks as “dangerous”, adding it is “not the way a responsible nuclear power should act”.  A nuclear threat was a part of Putin’s declaration of the invasion a month ago, on February 24, when he ordered troops into Ukraine as part of a “special military operation”. He warned the West that any country that “might be tempted to meddle in the ongoing events” should “know Russia's response will be immediate and lead you to consequences you have never encountered in your history”. 