Ole Gunnar Solskjaer spent big during his time in the Old Trafford dugout, but his recruits at Manchester United were questionable. Transfer records were broken on players who underperformed at the club, and United are set to sign replacements. Harry Maguire joined the Red Devils in 2019 from Leicester City in a deal worth £80million, but he has never met the expectations of that price tag. The Englishman has struggled with playing high-pressing football with a high line, exposing his biggest weakness: his pace. Raphael Varane’s arrival in the summer from Real Madrid was supposed to provide Maguire with a rock-solid centre back partner and form the foundations of a squad capable of competing for trophies. But Varane has only highlighted what Maguire’s game lacks, and the club appear to have decided to replace the 28-year-old as they looked to begin their rebuild under a new manager in the summer. JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE According to BILD, United are in talks with Borussia Dortmund defender Manuel Akanji and have already put a contract on the table for the centre-back. The Switzerland international will head into the final 12 months of his contract at Signal Iduna Park in the summer and is likely to be sold having, reportedly, rejected a new deal. Akanji has played in an attacking system at Dortmund and could be viewed as the ideal partner for Varane, with Maguire then being offloaded or simply warming the bench on a regular basis. With Eric Bailly and Phil Jones potentially on their way out of the Theatre of Dreams, a reshuffle of that kind certainly does not look off the cards. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours Presumably, Ralf Rangnick has spoken about which positions need improving to the higher powers at the club before he moves into a consultancy role, preparing them for what his successor is likely to demand. And it seems Aaron Wan-Bissaka is another Solskjaer disappointment that needs replacing. The right-back arrived for £50million from Crystal Palace in 2019 as well but after a solid start, has fallen way down the pecking order. In 2020, former Liverpool star Graeme Souness told The Times: “Should he not be the complete package as a right back at that price? He’s good defensively and one on one, but it’s the other end of the game, which is so important for a full-back now, that he’s not so good at, namely getting into the last third and delivering the right ball.” Wan-Bissaka’s inability to be a threat in the final third has ultimately cost him his spot in the starting eleven under Rangnick, though he wasn’t excellent defensively in the games previous to him being replaced by Diogo Dalot. The 24-year-old looks likely to push for a move sooner rather than later if he is not promised minutes under a new manager, though that looks unlikely given that Tino Livramento is being eyed up by the Red Devils. Calcio Mercato report that the Southampton defender is attracting a lot of interest from the club and his attributes in the final third could be ideal in the United system. The Chelsea academy graduate has all the qualities of a top-quality defender and Ralph Hasenhuttl is showing the Englishman to best effect at St. Marys. The arrivals of Livramaneto and Akanji would get the gears in motion for a period of transition at United and should see them improve, and both arrivals would be good acquisitions if funded by the departures of Wan-Bissaka and Maguire.