Nicola is an expert saver. The award-winning personal finance blogger lives in the North of England with her husband and two sons. Nicola, who runs The Frugal Cottage, told Express.co.uk: "The most we've saved in one year is £17,000 which was when we were saving for a house deposit. "Back in the day when we had no children and our everyday living costs were a lot cheaper. "It was tough to do then but we have such a motivational goal that it was easy to focus on that." This year Nicola, who now has two children, was hoping to save £10,000. READ MORE: Budget recipes: Cook 3 delicious meals with just £12 - carbonara, gnocchi and French toast She said: "The initial aim was to save £10,000 this year by living frugally and being careful. "But, with the increase in living costs, it might prove a bit more tricky." The couple is taking the cost of living crisis seriously and are already making plans to accommodate for it. Nicola said she has adjusted her budget "by quite a bit." DON'T MISSHow to get £40 a month off in Tesco for free [DEALS] Genius money saving hack bagged mum £200 worth of free food [TRICKS] '£30 of free food a week' at Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons [HACK] She went on: "Lots of things are increasing in price at the moment - gas/elec, petrol, childcare, food prices - and so it is going to have quite an impact on our budget. "I am going to try and keep costs from mounting too much but some of those will be unavoidable." How, how can you emulate Nicola's savings success? The expert said: "The main thing is to really focus on going back to basics in terms of finances and focus on reducing outgoings as much as possible. "Definitely get used to tracking your incomings and outgoings. "Get to know what your spending habits are like and then can change them if needed." She had a bills tip to keep costs low too. Nicola explained: "Keep on eye to see if you're in the best tariff and change if you can to a cheaper one. "Budgeting might seem scary and a bit boring but it's meant to help you in the long run. "Knowledge is key when trying to keep track of your own finances." Nicola recently discussed how she lived for a week on a £10 budget for groceries. In her video, How to Eat for £10 a Week, Nicola detailed what she bought for £10 a week. The saving expert did her shopping in Morrisons. Nicola told Express.co.uk the secret is: "Writing a meal plan and sticking to a list." You can follow Nicola's money saving journey on her Instagram and her Youtube. 