Today, Kate and her husband Prince William attended the St Patrick's Day Parade for the first time in two years. William is Colonel of the Irish Guards and he and Kate have attended the annual event many times together in the past. Last year's event was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic while the 2020 parade was unable to go ahead as the majority of the regiment was overseas on deployment. The royal couple travelled to Aldershot, about 40 miles southwest of London, to take part in the town's annual parade alongside the Irish Guards. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge handed out shamrock boutonnieres and joined in the guards' festivities at their barracks. They later sat for the traditional photograph alongside all of the barrack's soldiers and then met with some of the soldiers and their families at Junior Ranks dining hall. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have a busy royal schedule ahead due to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Having been an official member of the Royal Family since 2011, Kate is now a seasoned working royal. Royal commentator Ashley Pearson has claimed that the Queen is “very fond” of Kate, who has characteristics that other members of the Royal Family lack. Speaking during the 2016 Amazon Prime documentary ‘William & Kate: The Journey’, Ms Pearson said: “Queen Elizabeth is said to be very fond of Kate Middleton. “She likes her middle-class values, she likes that she’s close to her family. “Kate has never tried to garner extra attention for herself. There’s nothing flashy or showy.” Ms Pearson also claimed that Her Majesty was hoping to see Kate’s traits in her son’s wives, Princess Diana and Sarah Ferguson, affectionately known as Fergie. During the documentary, she said: “Kate tows the company line all the time, and that’s something that Queen Elizabeth very much wanted from Diana — which didn’t happen. “She wanted [it] from Sarah Ferguson – which didn’t happen.” Fergie has seen her fair share of scandals following her marriage to Prince Andrew in 1986. Namely, their subsequent divorce ten years later, but the Duchess of York was also photographed with her toes in the mouth of another man during her marriage to the prince. The compromising photos were published in the Mirror in 1992 and were taken at her holiday villa in St Tropez. Diana caused huge controversy for her interview with Martin Bashir in 1995, when she spoke of there being "three of us" in her marriage to Prince Charles. DON'T MISSQueen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit. [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] The “three” Diana was referring to was herself, Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The Princess of Wales admitted to having an affair of her own and said that Charles’ affair with Camilla had made her feel worthless. In contrast, since the Duchess of Cambridge joined the Royal Family in 2011, she has rarely been involved in scandals. Ms Pearson noted that Kate is a “special favourite” of the Queen’s. She said: “There are lots of people who believe Kate is a special favourite of the Queen because of the way she continuously, consistently supports the family, supports William and never seems to put a step wrong.” Since Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle left their royal duties and moved stateside, Kate has taken on more responsibilities within the Firm. As the Queen celebrates 70 years on the throne, she has taken a step back from royal engagements and has become more reliant on other members of the Royal Family. A source told the Daily Mail in January that the Queen “hugely values her [Kate] support, and will rely on her more than ever.” Today’s visit to the Mons Barracks in Aldershot is just one of many for Kate and William. Later this week, they will embark on their highly-anticipated Royal Tour of the Caribbean.  Buckingham Palace confirmed last month that they would be travelling to the Caribbean for a week-long trip to help mark the Platinum Jubilee. The tour starts on March 19 and will involve travelling to Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas before ending on March 26. Last month, the Cambridges shared their excitement for their upcoming trip on Twitter. They said: “We are so excited to visit Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas next month as we mark The Queen's Platinum Jubilee. “We can’t wait to meet people in all three countries, celebrate local cultures and understand more about innovative work being done across communities.”