 ITV’s newest talent show Starstruck launched onto screens last month. The Saturday night show has kept viewers entertained as a variety of singers take to the stage impersonating their favourite artists. Olly Murs hosts the show while Sheridan Smith, Jason Manford, Adam Lambert and Beverley Knight share their thoughts from the judging panel. However, the hit talent contest will be absent this evening as alternative programming takes its place.    Starstruck has been put on hold for a week as a result of a big sporting event. Rugby fans will be glued to their screens on Saturday as the Six Nations sees Scotland and Ireland go head to head in the afternoon. In the evening, ITV viewers will see another match as England take on France. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?   The France v England game kicks off at 8pm when Starstruck would usually air on ITV. As the sport takes over the schedule the broadcaster has chosen to delay the next episode of the talent competition. However, it’s not the only show impacted by the rugby this weekend as Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway also won’t air. The show recently returned to screens with its new series, but the rugby has caused Ant and Dec’s lively entertainment show to be pushed back until next week.    Dancing On Ice has also been affected by the ITV shake-up this weekend and will be taking a break from screens. As ITV is airing a football match on Sunday night the celebrity skating competition has been taken off the schedule. The channel's coverage of the FA Cup quarter-final match between Nottingham Forest and Liverpool is due to kick off at 5.15pm and run for at least three hours. As a result, the Dancing On Ice final will now air on Mother’s Day (Sunday March 27) instead. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Manpreet Sharma as Charles breaks things off? [SPOILERS]Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INSIGHT]ITV to stage charity concert for Ukraine ‘Music is a powerful tool’ [MUST SEE]  Luckily Starstruck fans won’t have to wait too long to get their next talent show fix. The show is set to return to ITV next Saturday (March 26) with more exciting acts taking to the stage. The singing show has seen members of the public transformed into a number of music icons throughout the series so far. Singers have impersonated Barbra Streisand, Celine Dion, Diana Ross, Billie Eilish, Harry Styles and more.   Regular viewers have compared the competition to classic singing show Stars In Their Eyes. Starstruck fans are keen to see which performers will progress to the grand finale of the contest. After successfully beating their competitors, the winner of the series will be awarded £50,000 in prize money. Starstruck returns Saturday March 26 at 8:30pm on ITV. 