Vladimir Putin, now nearing the third week of his planned invasion of Ukraine, has encouraged an unexpectedly severe response from NATO. Sanctions have crippled the Russian economy, leaving the ruble at its weakest in history and unsettling the nation's oligarchs. As the alliance prepares for further action, it has launched drills in Europe, and the UK has just enhanced its airborne firepower. USAF planes have landed filtered through the UK over the last month, using RAF bases in Gloucestershire to coordinate with other NATO powers such as Italy to practice airborne exercises. So far, much of the practice has utilised the flagship US-made B-52 Stratofortress bomber, with four currently resident at RAF Fairford. Earlier this week, the RAF's Marham base welcomed deadly aircraft that would outmatch the goliath eight-engined bombers. A clutch of highly advanced F-35B Lightning planes landed on the Norfolk airbase on Monday, March 6. READ MORE: Putin plot for Ukraine hindered as Russia troops 'getting stuck' Three of the cutting edge aircraft have landed since Monday, worth £100 million each. They touched down after a speedy trip from Texas and came equipped with some of the most advanced technology in the world. The F-35Bs need a tiny landing strip to launch from, requiring just 450ft of space. Once in the air, its manufacturers Lockheed Martin have designed the aircraft to pull off both aerial combat and intelligence collection. For the latter, it can utilise a stealth mode that combines "advanced sensors and missions systems" with "low observable technology" that allows it to disappear from hostile radars. Pilots can use the aircraft's many integrated systems to export their data to other platforms for on-the-ground processing. The planes can also travel at significant altitudes, up to 50,000 feet in total, while traversing at Mach 1.6 (1,227 mph). At their top speed, they could outrun some of the world's most capable missile systems. Should they need to fight in stealth mode, the F-35Bs may utilise a limited but deadly arsenal. Among the weapons at their disposal are four air-to-air missiles (AAMS). When transferring to the flagship "beast mode" the F-35Bs can transfer their total payload weight from 5,700lbs (2,585 kg) to 22,000 lbs (9,979 kg). Beast mode allows engineers to switch the arsenal from those two missiles to up to eight laser-guided "Paveway" models. They can also carry another two bombs internally, and engineers can outfit them with a 25mm gun pod. If that isn't enough to marvel at, they can also carry 14,991 lbs (6,800 kg) of storage via connected pylons. The models that landed in the UK will fall under Royal Air Force and Navy command. While just a few at present, the British Army plans to build a steady supply, as it expects another three later in 2022 and up to 48 by 2025.