 Officials in Iran have declined to publicly commit to de-escalation in Iran which a key condition listed by the United States to remove the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) from a terror list. The two countries are on the brink of finalising the 2015 nuclear deal, but Iran have demanded that before a deal is made, President Biden should go back on Donald Trump’s action that designated the IRGC as a terror organisation.   The compromise from the US offered the removal of the group from the terror blacklist in exchange for a public pledge vowing to begin de-escalation. Nikki Haley, former US ambassador to the UN, took offence with the idea of de-escalation being enough to sanction a deal with the United States. Ms Haley took to Twitter to say: “This is a farce. De-escalation? Biden is negotiating over how much terrorism is acceptable. The only acceptable amount of terrorist activity is ZERO.” US and Israeli sources who spoke to Axios said Iranian officials disagreed in this move and instead offered a private side letter.   Republicans have expressed their indignation at the potential removal of the group from the terror list with former Trump administration officials stating in a joint statement on Tuesday that it is “dangerous capitulation”. Speaking on Fox News, Republican Jim Banks said: “The IRGC is interested in two things, killing Americans and Israelis and Donald Trump knew that. “The Biden administration on day one lifted every tough sanction they could do away with on Iran. They’re negotiating with terrorists once again.” Mr Banks said in his criticism of Biden that the nuclear deal would make the President “the biggest funder of terrorism in the world”. READ MORE:Kate Middleton is 'confident' on tour while William is 'more cautious'  He said: “Consider that if this deal passes, Joe Biden will be sending billions of dollars to a terrorist group and if it passes, Joe Biden will be the biggest funder of terrorism in the world and American taxpayers are going to be the one’s paying for it.” “Lifting a terrorist designation of the IRGC just goes to show that this administration is more interested in dealing with bad guys than dealing with the good guys.” Mr Banks accused the current administration of running a White House that projects weakness “every single day”. DON'T MISS:POLL: Are you happy with Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement? (POLL)Sandals Resort is offering 45 percent off luxurious Caribbean holidays (INSIGHT)Mercedes engineer warns Ferrari and Red Bull before Saudi GP (REVEAL)  The 2015 nuclear deal, scrapped by President Trump in 2018, is known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA). A spokesperson for the White House National Security Council said the reports of the talks with Iran over the IRGC are inaccurate. The spokesperson said: “As we have said, the President will re-enter JCPOA if it’s in the best interest of America’s national security and fully returns Iran to its nuclear commitments. “There remain a number of outstanding gaps in these negotiations. The onus on closing these gaps rests with Iran.” 