Moonpig has teamed up with Cath Kidston to launch a brand new collaboration in time for Mother’s Day. Available now, shoppers can buy the exclusive beautiful bouquets online. Mother’s Day is coming up on Sunday 27 March 2022 and Moonpig has unveiled a new collaboration that’s perfect for the occasion. Moonpig has just launched an exclusive collection with Cath Kidston where shoppers can buy bight and beautiful bouquets and floral gift sets. Featuring Cath Kidston’s classic prints on jugs, it’s the perfect present to spoil your mum with. Find out more about the collaboration here. The limited-edition collection consists of hand-tied bouquets that are show-stopping with bold colours and is perfect for gifting. Polly Noel-Storr, Head of Gifts at Moonpig said: “Inspired by our shared love of bringing joy to the everyday, we’ve combined the freshness and quality of Moonpig Flowers with the signature florals and joyful style of Cath Kidston to design this range of exclusive luxury bouquets.” Holly Marler, Creative Director at Cath Kidston said: “These beautiful bouquets and gift sets are designed to celebrate special relationships, to brighten up your loved one’s day, whether it’s a birthday, Mother’s Day or just because.” Shoppers can place their Mother’s Day flower orders from now up until Saturday 26 March 9pm for delivery on time on Mother’s Day. Prices range from £35 up. Shop the Moonpig Cath Kidston collection here. Here are the gifts available to buy. Featuring tulips, roses, forsythia, this bouquet is inspired by Cath Kidston’s classic designs and will brighten up any room. Buy on Moonpig (£35) Beautiful with red, pale pink and yellow flowers, this is the perfect pick for the mum that loves roses and wax flowers. Buy on Moonpig (£50) Luxurious and a big statement in any setting, this bouquet has red roses, peachy hypericum, white waxflower and dressed with cinerea and its use of dried flowers enhances its design. Buy on Moonpig (£70) Featuring the gorgeous Dreamer bouquet which has blue delphiniums, red and orange tulips and more, it comes with a stunning Cath Kidston floral jug for displaying the flowers in. Buy on Moonpig (£60) A beautiful gift set that will make your mum feel special, this set includes the Cherished bouquet and the Cath Kidston Keep Kind Pamper Hamper which has luxurious Cassis & Rose scented goodies for bath and body. Buy on Moonpig (£70)