Founder of Wikileaks Julian Assange tied the knot today to Stella Moris, whom he shares two children with. The wedding took place inside London's high-security Belmarsh prison, in a tiny ceremony. Assange, 50, currently remains behind bars after he was dragged out of the Ecuadorian embassy in the capital. According to the Evening Standard, the bride revealed that just four wedding guests would be able to attend, as well as two witnesses and two security guards. The wedding was set to take place during normal visiting hours, with guests required to leave as soon as the ceremony is over. Moris is anticipated to have arrived at the prison shortly before noon for the service. Both bride and groom were reported to be wearing wedding garments designed by Dame Vivienne Westwood. READ MORE: Julian Assange suffers major blow in extradition ruling Assange is understood to have selected a kilt for the occasion, as a tribute to his familial links to Scotland. Ms Moris said: “Obviously we are very excited, even though the circumstances are very restrictive. "All the guests and witnesses must leave as soon as the ceremony is over, even though that will be before normal visiting time ends. "Julian is looking forward to the wedding because it is finally happening, many months after we first made the request." DON'T MISSKate Middleton ‘flirts’ with William in Caribbean - 'On a mission' [INSIDER]Susanna Reid net worth: GMB host worth millions [REVEALED]Lewis Hamilton's dating life - does Hamilton have a girlfriend? [INSIGHT] Stella Moris is a lawyer who works as part of Assange's legal team. Born in 1983 in South Africa, she went on to live in Johannesburg, South Africa and Botswana, Lesotho, Sweden and Spain. She moved to the UK to attend university and has lived in London for almost 20 years. Though not much is known about her personal life, she began to receive an influx of attention in 2016 when she was first connected to Assange in the media. The pair allegedly met in 2011 for business purposes when she was 28, but their relationship blossomed into romance. At the time she was known as Sara Gonzalez Devant and said upon meeting Assange that she found him "unlike anyone I have ever met". Despite their growing relationship, the couple kept their love affair private for around six years due to Assange's various legal battles. Speaking to The Guardian last year, Ms Moris said: "I couldn’t explain the situation to friends because my circumstances had become quite unrelatable." In 2012, she officially changed her name to Stella Moris to protect herself and her family while working with Assange. She says she chose a "common surname" and the first name "Stella" simply because "she liked it". Ms Moris told The Guardian that everyone calls her Stella now, except for her parents. She shares two sons with Assange named Gabriel and Max, both conceived during Assange's years in the Ecuadorian embassy.