Dawn French, 64, is best known for her BBC sketch show French and Saunders and her lead role in The Vicar of Dibley. The actress boasts a rather large set of assets, and in a new interview she has revealed the challenges that come with her ageing body. The comedian boasts a 42G cup size and has admitted that the older she has got, the more problematic they are becoming. Speaking about the issue, she said: "If the full bra is off and I’ve smartened myself up and had a flannel wash. "If I look straight on – and I love them, really love them, they’ve gone southwards a little bit now, but I don’t mind that, it’s all in the name of bosoms – they look a little bit like a sad dog looking at you." She continued to The Daily Star: "That’s the feeling I get when I look at my areola and nipple area. READ MORE: 'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show "It's like the eyes of a needy dog." Dawn does still enjoy having such a "bouncy" chest, however she does admit there are challenges for her. She continued: "I'm very, very fond of my t*ts, I love them, I'm very fond of them, they're big, they’re bouncy, they are a little playground for me and others to enjoy but I sort of wish they could screw on and screw off. The comedian admitted she hasn't been able to run since she was about six, and has never been able to wear a spaghetti dress because there are no comfortable bras for her. She admitted: "There are just days when I wish they weren't there and other days when I'm very glad they are." Dawn recently opened up about her brain tumour scare in 2014, while she was doing a stand-up tour. The French and Saunders star was diagnosed with vertigo back in 2014 whilst she was busy performing her 30 Million Minutes tour. DON'T MISS... 'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [COMMENT] Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB [ITV] Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Dawn even had to take a walking stick with her on stage as she became afraid of falling over. Speaking on Michelle Visage's Rule Breakers podcast, Dawn admitted that the condition left her terrified as she couldn’t understand "what is up and what is down". She explained: "It is like my skull is a room and the whole of the top is collapsing inwards, and everything starts spinning. "It's like being very drunk and not understanding what is up and what is down. "And for a while they thought I might have a brain tumour," Dawn revealed. She also revealed that her vertigo disappeared three weeks after finishing the tour, suggesting that the pressures of performing in that environment had exacerbated her condition. However, Dawn is due to return to stand-up in September and fears that the vertigo might return. She said: "So when you ask me if I have nerves, I have good nerves about the show, I have not so good nerves about that kicking off again because if it kicks off I know that I'm in hell, holding on to walls."