The final instalment of the popular AMC crime drama is almost upon us and Better Call Saul fans will finally see how Saul Goodman’s (played by Bob Odenkirk) final confrontation with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton) will go down. However, a brief reference in the original series, Breaking Bad, seems to suggest Lalo makes it to the end of the prequel series alive. Saul, also known as Jimmy McGill, first mentioned cartel lieutenant Lalo way back during his first appearance in Breaking Bad. The sixth and final season of the Breaking Bad prequel series will get started in April and bring the story of shady strip mall lawyer Saul to a close. Things in the Goodman household are tenser than ever after Lalo’s murderous antics in season five and with Nacho's (Michael Mando) betrayal now the top of the Salamanca family's hit list, all hell is set to break loose. Meanwhile, distributor Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) is getting ready to launch his final play and drive the Salamanca family out of his territory for good. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role However, the first mention of Lalo back in the second season of Breaking Bad hints the sadistic enforcer will most likely survive the impending turf war. In the original series, Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) first encounter Saul when they hire him to get Badger (Matt L Jones) out of trouble with the law. The meth cooks don balaclavas and hold Saul at gunpoint over a dug grave to intimidate him, and the lawyer initially assumes Lalo has sent his men to track him down. One eagle-eyed fan took notice of the reference and theorised it could mean Lalo won’t actually be killed off at the end of Better Call Saul’s sixth season, as some viewers had predicted. User goose20199 posted on Reddit: “I was thinking about what could happen in season six when I started thinking about how in Breaking Bad, Saul says ‘Lalo didn't send you?’. “As many people have said by now this shows Lalo survives whatever happens in BCS.” When Walter and Jesse first meet Saul, he’s still living in fear of Lalo and the Salamanca cartel - although Lalo never appears in Breaking Bad. Although he’s still in touch with Gus in the original series, indicating the Salamancas are no longer operating in Albuquerque, he’s still looking over his shoulder in case the cartel comes back to cash in on their debts. DON'T MISS:Heels season 2 release: Alexander Ludwig drops huge update [LATEST]NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role [NEWS]The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [INSIGHT] Unfortunately, Lalo’s survival could also throw up some glaring continuity issues between the two series. The post continued: “Lalo knows him as Saul Goodman, so surely all he'd need to do to settle a grudge with him is look around and see the massive billboards and benches with his face and name on it. “And then get his office phone number/address from there? He's not exactly being sneaky.” On the other hand, they reasoned: “It could be that Lalo left without a trace to lay low for a little while and he hoped he'd never see him again.” “But if I knew a dangerous cartel guy thought I did something I would not put my face on every surface possible or even practice under the same name.” When Saul is first introduced, he’s not exactly living in fear someone connected to the Salamancas will catch wind of his operation and shut him down. With showrunner Peter Gould at the helm, Better Call Saul season six won’t disappoint, but fans will be keeping their eyes peeled to make sure the finale lines up with what we already know about Saul. Better Call Saul season 6 will premiere on April 18, 2022, on AMC in the USA, and the following Tuesday on Netflix in the UK.