Visceral fat loss tips are often heavily surrounded by diet and exercise. Two pertinent factors for weight loss but there are another two other equally important and easily forgotten factors which will directly impact belly fat loss. A 2017 study published in Wiley Online found that sedentary time correlates directly with how much fat we build around our organs such as visceral fat. The research indicates the importance of how a person’s lifestyle can directly impact how much fat is stored where. Led by Doctor Joe Henson, research associate at the University of Leicester in the United Kingdom said of the findings: “We know that spending long periods of time sedentary is unhealthy and a risk factor for chronic illnesses, such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease.” He continued: “Likewise, the amount of fat deposited around our internal organs may also predispose us to these diseases. “In a previous study we also reported on how visceral fat raises the risk of heart disease.” Study co-author Melanie Davies, a professor of diabetes medicine at the University of Leicester added: “Lack of physical activity and being overweight are two risk factors associated with type 2 diabetes. “However, the effects of prolonged sedentary time and whether physical activity can play a mediating role by reducing fat deposits on internal organs remain unclear,” she said. “This research starts to shed a light on any connections between the two by using MRI to measure the distribution of fat in an individual’s body and analysing that in relation to their activity levels. “The next step would be to examine the impact of regularly breaking up prolonged sedentary time upon internal fat levels.” The body produces two hormones linked to weight. Leptin regulates energy levels and keeps the appetite low while ghrelin stimulates the appetite. When we don't get enough sleep, the body’s leptin levels decrease, and the ghrelin levels increase. This in turn increases the appetite during the hours where we are awake. A study published with Wake Forest University School of Medicine looked at the impact of sleep for visceral fat gain. The findings suggest the causes of visceral fat extend beyond diet and inactivity. Researchers found for individuals under 40, a clear association between averaging five hours or less of sleep each night and large increases in visceral fat. If you have difficulty falling asleep, try to keep regular sleeping hours, the study also found. "This programmes the brain and internal body clock to get used to a set routine," added the NHS. Increasing your magnesium intake may also help to promote a good night's sleep. "This extremely essential mineral is important for managing the GABA receptors, which help calm your central nervous system," explains Holland and Barrett.