The plant has already caused major anxiety in Ukraine after all contact was lost. Now, according to Ukrainian intelligence, Vladimir Putin has "ordered" an attack on it. They claim this will be used to "accuse Ukrainians of a man-made catastrophe". Ukraine's intelligence department tweeted: "Putin is preparing a terrorist attack on the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. "The Russian-controlled Chernobyl nuclear power plant plans to create a man-made catastrophe, for which the occupiers will try to shift responsibility to Ukraine." It is a highly tense situation, with experts warning of the potential for radiation to leak if repairs are not carried out. Ukrainian journalist Iryna Matviyishyn explained: "Ukrainian intelligence says Putin has ordered his forces to prepare a terrorist attack at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant to accuse Ukrainians of the man-made catastrophe. "Chernobyl is completely disconnected from the monitoring systems of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). "Russians refused to grant access to the station to Ukrainian repairers. Instead, they let 'Belarusian specialists' in. The power plant was the site of the 1986 nuclear disaster and was captured by invading Russian forces last month. Since the takeover, Ukraine’s nuclear regulator has only been able to communicate with staff through email. Now, according to reports from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), all communications have ceased. The Ukrainian nuclear regulator has said that, for now, electricity is being provided to Chernobyl’s facilities by means of emergency diesel generators. But these only have enough fuel to last for two days. Ukraine's intel chiefs said: "Without getting the desired result from the ground military operation and direct negotiations, Putin is ready to commit to the nuclear blackmail of the world community for the sake of actions to support Ukraine." "Putin's actions will have catastrophic consequences for the whole world. Looks like this is exactly what the Russian dictator is counting on, demanding unacceptable actions."  Ukraine has also accused Russian forces of attacking a nuclear research institute housing an experimental reactor in Kharkiv. Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to Ukraine’s interior ministry, said on Thursday that a shell hit a building where there is equipment that could release radiation if it were damaged. The shelling set the building on fire, which was later doused by firefighters. There has been no change in background radiation, according to the president’s office. Oleh Synegubov, the local governor, said: "There are no threats to the civilian population yet." This is a breaking story. More to follow.