Royal Editor Russell Myers discussed the observations made by royal fans after Camilla shared an image of her meeting with British sportswomen for International Women's Day. Fan spotted a photo of Prince Charles walking Meghan Markle down the aisle in the background with ITV's Lorraine remarking it could be a good sign that the relationship could be fixed. Mr Myers said the moment was one of Prince Charles' "proudest" and discussed the likelihood of a Royal Family reunion. Speaking on Lorraine, the Daily Mirror Royal editor discussed the photo after fans spotted it. Lorraine said: "Eagle-eyed people have spotted a very interesting detail and Charles and Camilla's home." Mr Myers remarked: "Well, I mean, I was in this room on Monday celebrating International Women's Day. "And the eagle-eyed fans among us have spotted that on with one of the cabinets at the back is a picture of Prince Charles and Meghan." Lorraine called it a "beautiful image" before the royal expert disputed claims it was "surprising". He argued it was one of Prince Charle's "proudest moments" and wanted to celebrate it. She added: "Maybe bridges can be built." Some of the other frames held photos of the family at Prince Louis’ christening in 2018, Prince George at his christening in 2013, and Prince Harry at the Invictus Games.  Photos have often been used by the Royals to portray particular messages or mark special occasions. The Queen displayed pictures of Prince Phillip during her Christmas speech following his death earlier that year. Similarly, divisions were thought to be rife among the Royal Family after pictures of Prince Harry and Meghan were removed from the Queen's photo line-up in 2019. The queen displayed a photo of Prince William and his family on the table beside her as she delivered that year's speech. Prince Charles helped walk Meghan down the aisle when she was married in 2018.  Meghan's father Thomas was barred from attending the event following a heart attack. He told Channel 5 documentary Thomas Markle: My Story: "To them, I don't exist. "Harry is part of my family - we should be talking. "Meghan was my most important relationship and my pride and joy. "I miss Meghan. I miss who she was. I don’t know who she is now. That’s the problem." 