 Finalist Jonny had all the best intentions to gamble for the jackpot when he played at home, a promise he made to his wife, however when it came to the studio, it was a different story. Joining host Ben Shepard on the ITV show Tipping Point, teacher Jonny was looking to book a holiday and add to a deposit but the machine had other ideas.   Jonny managed to best Debbie, Kendelle and David to get to the final stage of Wednesday's instalment of the Tipping Point. In a mildly ropey battle with David as the final two, he came out on top and had a clear plan for the final round. Agreeing with his wife when he played home that he would "play the trade" if the jackpot counter was at the edge, he suddenly had a moment of doubt on the show and buckled. Choosing to go against his long and thought out plan, he chickened out and took his £2,950 prize in cash and what happened next prompted Ben to say that he should have "trusted his instincts." Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? The contestant watched as the trade played out, following the game's rules. Host Ben said: "But of course, you promised yourself you would take the trade if you were in this situation, so we are going to play it out. "See if you should have gone for it and if that jackpot would have dropped with these three trade counters." Instantly regretting his decision, the first trade counter landed in prime position and effortlessly knocked it down. As the show wrapped, the GMB presenter added: "He got a lovely prize, but if he just backed himself and just trusted his instinct and gone for it and taken the trade. "He'd be leaving now with £10,000; it only took one trade counter. "It's very easy to say when you are at home 'that you would go for it' but very different when you are stood here." Contender Jonny even joked earlier in the show that his wife said: "Don't come home unless it's with £10,000." DON’T MISS… The Chase viewers blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer ‘Unnecessarily harsh!’ [LATEST]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on working with 'moody' co-star [LATEST]Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance 'Didn't want you!' [LATEST]  But Ben pointed out: "Let's focus on the positive and that you won £2.950, which is a lovely amount of money and will make a big difference." Ben's painful sighs of the guest's name as the coin landed the devastating blow did not go unnoticed by fans. Jet Convoy joked: "'Johnny, Johnny, Johnny' Ben Shephard looking through his wallet. #tippingpoint." @Peno_007 tweeted: "Lost £7050. I'd have nightmares for weeks. #tippingpoint."  "It's only seven grand, divorce coming up. #TippingPoint," Will Murray joked. Viewer @MrMarkyTweets would have den the same: "I'd never take the gamble incase you go home with nothing. Never be greedy #tippingpoint." "Johnny has £2950 towards his dream house.#tippingpoint," @Simo21537664 cheered. Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.