Mrs Hinch rose to fame on Instagram several years ago after she started sharing cleaning tips and tricks. Her fans often share their own finds on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to remove mould from around the home. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips forum, one member asked for product recommendations when it came to window sealant mould. Shannon Jones wrote: “Hello, I’m looking for some advice to get black mould off the silicone seals around my window frames?” Window sealant mould is often down to either condensation or leaks from outside. If the condensation can be prevented, the mould shouldn’t grow around the window seal. However, it is often too late before people notice there is a problem. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes It also isn’t just a problem in bathrooms either, mould can grow anywhere in the home. Mould can produce allergens, irritants and sometimes, toxic substances, which means it is important to try and control the issue as soon as possible. Michelle Skidmore commented: “Use an old toothbrush with some neat bleach, works wonders.” Caroline Foley said: “Soak some tissue in neat bleach and leave it on the mould, it will wipe away then.” DON'T MISS:How to kill ‘pesky’ garden weeds and prevent growth this spring [COMMENT]Peace lily: How to get your houseplant to bloom this spring [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ 10 minute ‘hack’ to remove carpet stains [EXPLAINER] Leanne Taylor wrote: “Neat bleach from Wilko or B&M because it’s cheap, leave it on the mould. It’ll smell strong so be careful with it. “It’s been a lifesaver for me, don’t use it too regularly though.” Bleach can be picked up from a variety of retailers including supermarkets for as little as 38p. Neat bleach can be very effective in killing mould spores and removing mildew. After using it the surface will be sanitised and resistant to mould growth. Josie Linch said: “All bleach will work, make sure to use gloves and ventilate the room.” Some Mrs Hinch fans claimed neat bleach would only work on non-porous surfaces such as tiles and sinks and recommended using a product targeted for mould. Stacey Jean commented: “Cillit Bang Black Mould Remover is very good.” Grainne Molloy wrote: “Cillit Bang Black Mould Remover is the best.” Lynn Taylor said the product “works wonders”. The product claims to destroy mould, with viable results in seconds, with no scrubbing needed. It is available for around £3 in many supermarkets such as Morrisons and Sainsbury’s.