Mrs Hinch rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now focusing on her new home renovation, the social media star shares more of her family life with her followers. Many of her followers now share their own cleaning advice online, including the best ways to clean windows. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Kirsty Jones wrote: “What is the best window cleaner please? “I’ve been using Windolene but it doesn’t really work for me, especially on the outside of my windows.” Windows, inside and out, can get extremely dirty and dusty if not cleaned regularly. When the rain arrives, the outsides of windows can get a build-up of debris, which can scratch the glass. READ MORE: Interior: ‘Simple’ ways to ‘update any space’ affordably Windows should be cleaned every month or so, and cleaning them can actually let more light into the home. Taking to the comments, group members recommended using black tea to clean windows. Patricia O’Callaghan wrote: “Use cold black tea in a spray bottle and use it as a class cleaner. I get streak-free windows every time.” Emma Sam said: “Use black tea and an E-Cloth.” DON'T MISS:Pruning: How to prune hydrangeas to produce ‘more floriferous’ shrub [EXPLAINER]Using ice cubes to water orchids can ‘damage’ plants [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share using lemons to remove pollen stains from carpets [COMMENT] Group members recommended filling a bowl up with boiling water and using cheap tea bags to infuse the water. After it has cooled down, it can be transferred into a spray bottle along with essential oils if needed. It is thought that the tannic acid in black tea acts as a cleaning agent to dissolve dirt and grease. Mrs Hinch fans also claimed it left their windows streak-free, which is often a problem when cleaning windows. For dirty windows, a second application may be needed, buffing out with a cloth after. Cleaning enthusiasts recommended using newspapers to buff the homemade solution out. Elvia Coates wrote: “Use washing up liquid and dry with a newspaper.” Lesley Douglas said: “Bowl of warm water with white vinegar in. Clean them with that and then dry with newspaper. “Do one pane at a time so the water doesn’t completely dry before you use the newspaper, no streaks.” Other group members recommended using kitchen roll as well as the Minky M Cloth Glass and Window. The large green cloth has been raved about for years, with Mrs Hinch herself even using it in the past. Made from millions of tightly woven high density microfibres, the cloth quickly removes dirt and grease from windows and other glass surfaces. Each cloth is treated with an anti-bacterial protection preventing the growth of bacteria on the cloth for a germ-free clean. Available from several retailers including supermarkets, the cloth retails for around £3.