Have you been trying to get an Xbox Series X since it launched, but having no joy with any of the restocks? If so then you'll be pleased to know that you can play a next-gen game right now on your existing Xbox One console. This week Microsoft has announced that its critically acclaimed Microsoft Flight Simulator - which previously was only available to play on PCs and the Xbox Series X and S - is now available to play via the cloud. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate subscribers can take advantage of the cloud to play Microsoft Flight Simulator on a range of devices. This includes the last-gen Xbox One consoles, but that's not all - as Microsoft Flight Simulator can also be played via the cloud on smartphones, tablets and laptops. If you're planning on playing Microsoft Flight Simulator on the Xbox One via the cloud then you'll be getting a "high-fidelity" experience that is up to 1080p and 30fps. Announcing the news in a blog post, Microsoft said: "As we continue to evolve the simulator and expand the ways with which both core simmers and newcomers to the franchise can experience Microsoft Flight Simulator, we are thrilled to announce that Microsoft Flight Simulator can now be streamed via Xbox Cloud Gaming. "Starting today, Microsoft Flight Simulator is available on Xbox One and on other supported devices thanks to Xbox Cloud Gaming, powered by custom Xbox Series X hardware. Players can enjoy the same awe-inspiring experience as on Xbox Series X|S."  Microsoft first announced the ability to play Series X and S games via the cloud last year, with one of the next-gen games available to play via the cloud being The Medium. The throwback to 90s survival horror was one of the first exclusive games announced for the Xbox Series X and S. The Medium is unfortunately no longer available to play via the cloud, but there are plenty of unmissable cloud games you can try out right now including Forza Horizon 5 and Halo Infinite. Besides letting you play next-gen games on a variety of devices, one of the best things about cloud gaming is it helps free up hard drive space.  You can also play cloud games on the Xbox Series X and S, and for the latter console this is ideally suited as hard-drive space is at a premium. The Series S is the cheapest way to get into next-gen gaming, with the fun-sized Microsoft console priced at £249. But while the Series S comes fitted with a 512GB SSD you'll only get 364GB of usuable storage, when factoring in the essential system files that are already loaded onto the console straight out of the box. So being able to play a wide range of games, without having to download these to your hard-drive, is a huge selling point for Series S gamers - especially when you consider games such as Forza Horizon 5 weigh in at around 100GB. 