Refunds are given if the holder does not need their licence again before it expires, and they have at least one complete month left on it. On top of this, television licence refunds are awarded to people whose licence expired less than two years ago. Currently, a normal TV licence costs a household £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence if someone were to pay full price. If someone were to get the full refund on their television licence fee, they would get £159 back. To get their cash back, licence holders must complete the online refund form, including their name on the TV Licence, address and postcode. As part of the refund application process, they also must mention the date from when they will no longer need the licence. Anyone who pays for their licence by Direct Debit is encouraged not to cancel it as this will be done on their behalf by TV Licensing. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim When asked to provide evidence by TV Licensing, it is vital that refund applicants print out the form, or save it to print later, and sign it. Original documents cannot be returned to the sender, so only photocopies and printouts of any important materials. On its website, TV Licensing states: “Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. But we will do it for you. “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.”  Earlier this year, the Government confirmed the price of TV Licences would be frozen for at least two years, after which point alternative means of funding the BBC will be discussed. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorrires announced the temporary freeze in the House of Commons, outlining the Government’s intention. Speaking in the Commons, Ms Dorries said: “Only those who haven't faced hard choices on what they can or can't afford for their families on a weekly basis would claim that it is a small amount of money. “What we are saying is that, moving forward, we need to decide and discuss and debate, so bring it on everybody in this House. Let's discuss what the BBC in 2027 will look like.” When announcing the licence fee freeze, the Culture Minister added: “The BBC is a great national institution with a unique place in our cultural heritage. “It broadcasts British values and identities all over the world and reaches hundreds of millions of people every day. “But at a time when families are facing a sharp increase in their living costs we simply could not justify asking hard-working households to pay even more for their TV licence. “This is a fair settlement for the BBC and for licence fee payers. “The BBC must support people at a time when their finances are strained, make savings and efficiencies, and use the billions in public funding it receives to deliver for viewers, listeners and users.” While the television licence fee remains at the same price for the next two years, the Government will consult on alternative funding methods.