Published in The Lancet on Monday, the most common serious side effect reported was shortness of breath. Other side effects of the vaccine reported were headaches, fever, and chills. The study is an analysis of the first six months of the United States’ vaccination programme and comes in light of statistics showing 4,500 people passed away up to June 2021 after having the vaccine. However, after thorough analysis, the study confirms there is no link between the vaccine and the deaths of these individuals. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling that could be an indication of high blood sugar  Furthermore, the study concludes: “Safety data from more than 298 million doses of mRNA COVID-19 vaccine administered in the first six months of the US vaccination programme show that most reported adverse events were mild and short in duration. “Vaccines are the most effective tool to prevent serious COVID-19 disease outcomes and the benefits of immunisation in preventing serious morbidity and mortality strongly favour vaccination.” The study continues to say scientists “will continue to provide data needed to inform policy makers, immunisation providers, other health-care professionals, and the public about the safety of COVID-19 vaccination”. Data from this report comes amidst growing protests in the United States over remaining Covid restrictions.  Meanwhile, in the UK, the remaining Covid restrictions were lifted at the end of February. This included the removal of the legal requirement for someone to self-isolate once they had tested positive. It marks a step change from other countries which still have some restrictions in place. Furthermore, from the 1st April, free testing will end. Although there are no restrictions in the UK, scientists are continuing to learn about the impact the disease has on the human body. Recently, they discovered how it affects the brain. In a ground-breaking study conducted by the University of Oxford it was found that COVID-19 causes the brain to shrink and damage tissue in regions associated with the ability to smell. The effects were found to be most profound in older participants and those who were hospitalised by Covid. Results of the study have been published in the journal Nature. Further research is required to identify whether these changes are permanent or reversible with Professor Gwenaelle Douaud saying: “The brain is plastic, which means it can reorganise and heal itself to some extent”. Lead researcher Dr Kenneth Baille added: “It is now true to say that we understand the mechanisms of Covid better than the other syndromes we treat in intensive care in normal times.” For more information about current Covid guidance and symptoms contact the NHS or see guidance on the government’s website.