 Speaking to host Mark Dolan on GB News, Benedict Spence noted that the barrage of criticism from the media received by Donald Trump during his time as President painted him as “the devil”. Mr Spence then compared this to the confused image the US media now portrays of the current President as a man who may or may not be the devil, “but they are pretty certain that things aren’t going to plan.”   Speaking in Warsaw on Saturday, the US President went off script at the end of his address on the conflict in Ukraine saying: “For God’s sake, this man [Putin] cannot remain in power.” A White House official was swiftly forced to clarify the comments that compare to a direct call from the President for a regime change. The spokesperson for the White House explained: “The President’s point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbours or the region. “He was not discussing Putin’s power in Russia or regime change.” Mark Dolan wrote in a piece for GB News that the President’s latest blunder “may have accidentally started World War Three” and spoke of the incompetency and age of the President saying that “Joe Biden couldn't change his underpants, let alone a foreign government.”   Mr Spence agreed saying: “I think it’s pretty embarrassing but it’s one of a litany of incidents where the president has said something and it has been rowed back by his staff. “I think that this has kind of got to the point now where people don’t really listen to what Joe Biden says if they want to glean what US policy is, they wait to see what Jen Psaki says when she's mopping up afterwards.” The Washington Post warned that the “remarkable” comments from Biden “would reverse stated US policy, directly countering claims from senior administration officials, including Secretary of State Antony Blinken, who have insisted regime change is not on the table.” Mr Spence warned of the President playing into the hands of Vladimir Putin as he said: “It is rather dangerous given that just earlier this week Joe Biden was saying that Vladimir Putin might well resort to false flag operations or the like if he were to consider launching a chemical or biological attack on Ukraine. READ MORE:Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less  “The president did come out and say, ‘Russians have form on this, they like to create the idea of an external threat in order to react to it’ and then what does he do? He goes out and says that this man, President Putin cannot remain in power.” He added: “If Putin were going to come up with a false flag operation himself it probably couldn’t have started in a better way if he had dreamt it up himself. “I don’t want to jump the gun and say that it is de facto disastrous but it’s not promising, is it? It’s not particularly reassuring.” Both Mr Dolan and Mr Spence commented on the supposed ill mental health of the ageing President, but said he is perhaps “overworked”, “tired and emotional”. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? (POLL)How to get a 'free' flight or hotel upgrade - top tips (INSIGHT)F1 marshal quits Saudi Arabian Grand Prix over vile Hamilton tweet (REACTION)  Mr Spence stated: “The evidence is there for us all to see but of course the downside is, were he forced to step away from his duties… the alternative is I think so galling as to make you despair. “Kamala Harris has proven herself to be, if possible, a less serious individual than Joe Biden who as you say can barely remember his own name.” He added: “After four years of Donald Trump, which much of the American media were prepared to tell us was the devil and the worst thing that ever happened, they have given the world something even better which is somebody not entirely sure whether they are the devil or not, but they are pretty certain that things aren’t going to plan.” Mr Spence concluded: “If he had said what Mr Biden had said, or indeed what Kamala Harris said whilst in Poland I think there’d be outrage frankly.” 