Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has ominously insisted he cannot ‘predict the future’ when asked if his future remains at Stamford Bridge amid the club’s chaotic situation. The Blues are set to suffer badly from the government-imposed sanctions on Roman Abramovich.   Abramovich was sanctioned by the government on Thursday for his alleged links to Russian president Vladimir Putin. The Chelsea owner has had his assets frozen and has been banned from completing transactions in the UK. Those limitations are expected to have severe implications for Chelsea, who Abramovich bought in 2003. The Premier League outfit are no longer able to sell tickets or club merchandise, can only spend a limited amount on travel, and it was widely reported on Friday that their bank accounts had been frozen. Chelsea are effectively under a transfer embargo and cannot sign players to new contracts.   JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp makes Man City admission after Brighton victory Boss Tuchel has been linked with the soon-vacant Manchester United job as the Old Trafford club step up their search for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent replacement. Tuchel has over-achieved in his 14 months at Stamford Bridge and will be highly sought if he chooses to depart. United could attempt to prise him away from Chelsea when Ralf Rangnick leaves his interim post at the end of the season. The German has insisted he is ‘committed’ to Chelsea but ominously warned that the future is unclear. “I cannot predict the future. Right now my future is until Sunday, actually, and since Thursday, even more so,” Tuchel said. “So let’s go day by day. There’s no other solution at the moment.”    Tuchel will still have two years remaining on his deal at the end of the campaign. Asked if he was ready for the challenge of managing a club thrust suddenly into crisis, the former Borussia Dortmund and Paris Saint-Germain head coach said: “Let’s see, let’s see. “First of all, I like where I am, because I appreciate the value it has to be in a club with a mentality that fits so good to my mentality. “I appreciate the amount and quality of support I’ve found in this club. “There I feel very privileged and very lucky. I know how much I need this to be the best version of myself. It has big, big value.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Klopp makes Man City admission after Brighton victoryMo Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped offLukaku 'makes decision' on Chelsea exit as stars plot Blues escape “I never had in any contract that I can spend this amount of money, or that amount of money, that I need this player. “I never did this in any club. “I trust myself also to adapt to a lot of situations. I trust my ability to influence teams. I’m happy to be part of that big team at Cobham and at Chelsea. “I’m still very, very happy, and I hope it will not change.”   