BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker has taken to Twitter to respond to a viewer, who questioned his wardrobe choices this morning. Cheekily hitting back on the microblogging platform, the Strictly Come Dancing star, 44, clarified what he had turned up to work in today after a viewer claimed the presenter looked less than his usual smart self. This morning saw Dan continue his BBC Breakfast hosting responsibilities alongside his co-host Sally Nugent. Dan appeared in his usual smart jacket, shirt and tie which he paired with matching dark trousers. However, one social media user wondered whether the sports journalist had opted for a more casual pair of trousers than usual. Twitter user @bustaeyoker penned: "Is @mrdanwalker wearing jeggings this morning on @BBCBreakfast?" READ MORE: ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen Responding good-humouredly, Dan replied: "No he isn't," followed by a laughing face. He added the hashtag: "#RegulationTrousers." The original poster replied: "It must be a trick of the light!" alongside a laughing face. However, it wasn't long before more of Dan's followers weighed in on his work attire. @CairnToby penned: "Looking very smart as usual." While @wrag_dave chimed in: "He has to wear what the BBC tell him to wear!" Later in the show, Dan took to the platform to thank viewers for tuning in, acknowledging that the BBC's coverage on the conflict in Ukraine is a "tough watch". He wrote: "Thanks for being with us on #BBCBreakfast this morning. We know it’s a tough watch at the moment but we are trying to bring you the latest from #Ukraine DON'T MISS... Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [UPDATE]Alan Titchmarsh hits out at cancel culture as he promotes 'tolerance' [ANALYSIS]Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [INSIGHT] "We’ll continue to speak to our correspondents and Ukrainians about what they are facing at the moment." The star shared a snap of himself and co-host Sally on the famous red sofa with the studio and filming equipment behind them. Last week, the star took to Twitter to remember a "special" BBC show he used to be part of. Dan shared a picture of a chocolate milkshake, with the drink bringing back fond memories for him. He captioned the post in view of his 752,200 followers: "I always used to grab one of these from the shop on the way to the car park after #FootballFocus. "I had one today for the first time since I finished. "Great memories of that show and the people who made it special." Dan used to present on Football Focus from 2009 to 2021, announcing his departure from the show in April last year.