Saving into a pension can be difficult, as Britons reckon with the cost of living in the present. However, it is often considered as vital for preparing for later life financially. There are various ways to save for retirement, but workplace pensions are often popular. This is because when eligible individuals save into a workplace pension, their employer is also legally required to contribute. People must be automatically enrolled into a workplace pension if they: READ MORE: Martin Lewis explains exactly why standing charge is going up Those who are members of a workplace pension could get an upfront savings boost, it is worth noting. Consequently, experts have urged Britons to take action as soon as possible. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, said: “If you’re a member of a workplace pension scheme you’re also entitled to an employer match on at least your first three percent of qualifying contributions. “This is effectively a 100 percent bonus on the money you save for retirement. DON'T MISSCare workers earning less than real Living Wage in England [LATEST]How to get council tax rebate even if you're in Band E' [INSIGHT]Self-made millionaire shares how to save £5,000 in just one year [VIDEO] “Furthermore, pensions allow you to access 25 percent of your fund tax-free from age 55, with the rest taxed in the same way as income. “The age at which you can first access your pension is due to rise to 57 in 2028.” Upfront tax relief, tax-free investment growth and 25 percent tax free cash are all perks which make pension saving more enticing. If people can contribute into a pension, they are therefore strongly encouraged to do so. The earlier a person starts saving into a pension, the better, experts often state. This is because compound interest can mean a pension grows more over a longer period of time, leaving Britons with more for retirement. Saving little and often is also less laborious than putting large amounts into a pension closer to retirement. Mr Selby added: “For most people, staying in a workplace pension remains a no-brainer. “Anyone with spare cash should consider making the most of their available pension allowances before the tax year ends on April 5.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea When a person is automatically enrolled into a workplace pension, they must be provided with key details. These include the date they joined, the type of pension scheme and who runs it, as well as how much the employer will contribute. Employers cannot encourage or force individuals to opt out of a workplace pension, although it is possible to opt out. From April 2019, the minimum an employer can pay in is three percent of a person’s salary. Individuals pay a minimum of five percent, although they can increase their contributions if they so wish. The Government website adds: “In some schemes, your employer has the option to pay in more than the legal minimum. “In these schemes, you can pay in less as long as your employer puts in enough to meet the total minimum contribution.”