The FIA have announced a code of conduct that Nikita Mazepin and Russian and Belarusian drivers must follow, but did however stop short of a ban from Formula 1. Mazepin’s future in the sport has been up in the air this week, following his home nation’s invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. Since Vladimir Putin’s attack on the Ukrainians, his nation of Russia has been issued a number of sanctions, including in sport. As a result, a number of sporting governing bodies have banned Russian events and competitors, including the International Olympic Committee and this month’s Winter Paralympics. In Formula 1, the FIA announced that the Russian Grand Prix due to take place in September was cancelled, however Mazepin’s role as a Russian driver was spared. JUST IN: F1 chief warns Netflix they could cancel Drive to Survive to negotiate with other partners  A number of national motorsport governing bodies have issued bans to the Haas driver and his fellow Russian and Belarusian drivers, stopping them from competing in their individual races. However, Mazepin will not be issued the same treatment from F1 bosses, but will have a code of conduct to follow. In two separate statements on Friday, the FIA confirmed Russian and Belarusian could continue to compete, but only doing so under the governing body’s flag. This was then followed up by a second statement that confirmed those drivers will also be required to sign a code of conduct, described by the FIA as a ‘driver commitment’. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen calls Lewis Hamilton and Toto Wolff 'harsh'Verstappen's Red Bull contract to remind Mercedes of Hamilton problemToto Wolff in brutal Masi snub and expresses Verstappen sympathy “Considering the decisions of the World Motor Sport Council of 1 March 2022 and the need for emergency measures due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the support provided by Belarus,” wrote the FIA. “Until further notice all drivers, individual competitors, and officials from Russia or Belarus may participate in international/zone competitions (Covered Events) only on the terms and conditions in the documents below.” The documents listed included the ‘driver commitment form’ which included a number of rules Mazepin will have to abide by to compete.   This included the playing or singing of the Russian and Belarusian national anthems to be banned from any FIA competition or event. As well as this, rulings will have to be abided outside of competing, with drivers unable to display Russian and Belarusian national symbols, colours or flags on social media or on clothing. Additionally, any comments or actions made in support of the Russian invasion will lead to a ban from competition. 