Viewers of Channel 4’s Undercover Boss USA saw the president of the bridal shop go undercover to find out what happens on the shop floor. Leeanne is the assistant store manager in the Dublin, Ohio branch. During her day with the undercover boss, she explained to him that she lives with her partner and they are planning to get married. Sadly she has had no support with the preparations from her family as she was no longer in contact with them. They kicked her out when she was 17. She left home due to her family’s discontent with her sexuality. She ended up staying on her friends' couches until eventually, she ended up homeless “sleeping on benches” and washing her hair in sinks. It was was her constant determination that allowed her to keep fighting. She applied for a sales job, and was able to work her way up through the years to managerial positions. READ MORE: PIP replacement: DWP confirms last date PIP claims will be accepted in Scotland  After revealing himself as the president of the bridal shop, Mr Quentel wanted to help Leeanne out. He said: “It’s not just what she has overcome, it’s who she is today. She’s taken everything that has happened to her and turned it into something positive and it’s amazing." Due to her creative ways, he wanted to promote Leeanne and offer her an additional role in the company as well as manager of the store. He said: “I loved how you created fun incentives and games in the store to help your team hit targets so I would like you to come to our headquarters and lead a committee to develop ways to provide incentives for all employees."  Additionally, as Leeanne mentioned she was getting married, Mr Quentel wanted to make sure the bridal shop gives her help with anything she might need for bridesmaids, flower girls and her fiancee. In tears, Leeanne thanked the undercover boss. He continued: “The most incredible part of your story was how the struggle after becoming homeless, so me and the Alfred Angelo family would like to give you $25,000 (around £21,000) towards a deposit of any home you and your partner ultimately want. “Also $10,000 (around £8,500) to pay for any moving expenses and furniture.  “We are so proud to have you in our Alfred Angelo family.” Shocked, Leeanne said: “Oh my gosh, Thank you so much, he gave me so much. “No one in my family has ever owned a house so I will be the first person. “They say good things don’t happen to people like me, but they were wrong.”