Musician and actor Willie Nelson has announced the death of his sister, Bobbie Nelson, who died aged 91 on Thursday. Willie confirmed the news on his Instagram page alongside a heartfelt tribute, in view of his 792,000 followers. The On The Road Again singer's social media team penned: “Bobbie Nelson passed away this morning, peacefully and surrounded by family. Bobbie was 91. “Her elegance, grace, beauty and talent made this world a better place. “She was the first member of Willie’s band, as his pianist and singer. “Our hearts are broken and she will be deeply missed. READ MORE:The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes “But we are so lucky to have had her in our lives. Please keep her family in your thoughts and give them the privacy they need at this time.” Bobbie was the pianist in the original line-up of the Willie Nelson Family band. She appeared on a number of his albums, including Red Headed Stranger and Shotgun Willie. She was also an author, writing two books with her brother, Me and My Sister Bobbie: True Tales of the Family Band in 2020 and Sister, Brother, Family: An American Childhood in Music, in 2021. Bobbie was an artist in her own right and released her debut album, Autobiography, when she was 76. Bobbie and Willie performed their final gig in October after more than 50 years of playing together. The Willie Nelson Family band also released a new album, Family Bible, which promised: "12 favorite spirit-driven songs from the Nelson Family repertoire." DON'T MISSJudge Robert Rinder hits out at criticism over planned Ukraine trip[LATEST]F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell[INSIGHT]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year'[NEWS] Willie spoke fondly of his sister in an interview on the Today show in 2020. He recalled: “My sister was always on the piano doing great music. “I would sit there on the piano stool beside her and try to figure out what the hell she was doing. “Sister Bobbie is 10 times a better musician than I am...I’m a little better con man, I think.” Since the sad news broke, tributes have been flooding in from many who were inspired by Bobbie’s work. American singer Amanda Shires tweeted: “Bobbie Nelson was one of the first women musicians that I ever saw on stage. She was the first example I had of a woman playing music while also having a family. I’m honored to have known her. My deepest sympathies to the Nelson family.” Former New York Times jazz critic, Nate Chinen, said: “Pour one out for Bobbie Nelson tonight, and send some love and light to Willie.” Country star Margo Price echoed: “Nobody played piano like Bobbie Nelson and nobody ever will. She was the epitome of class, grace and style and I’m sure gonna miss seeing her on stage next to Willie Nelson… my heart goes out to Willie and the family band.” And the official Twitter for rock band, Low Cut Connie, wrote: “RIP to a wonderful piano-player and buoyant country spirit.. Bobbie Nelson.”