 Louise Jameson has appeared in Emmerdale playing Rhona Goskirk’s (played by Zoe Henry) mother Mary. Fans of the ITV soap are already enjoying her antics in the village, with some recognising her as a familiar face. Longtime viewers may have seen Louise in the soap before as she briefly played a different character on the hit show back in 1973.    In a recent interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Louise opened up about her experience returning to Emmerdale. She began: “Back on the Emmerdale set after 50 years, but of course you've picked it up and transported it haven't you, from where I filmed which is out near Ilkley I think, if my memory serves me right? “There was a great generosity of spirit then, but this is extraordinary, the machine. “I feel like I've jumped on a very fast-moving carousel and for the first, I suppose, 10 days I felt like I was just slightly catching my breath. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?   “Because there's three machines moving at any given time, there's a group of 60 actors, let alone everybody behind the camera, and the whole machine that keeps the thing working. “Yeah, the generosity of spirit and the welcome was extraordinary. Really, really lovely. “It's cliche, but I really have felt welcomed into a family,” the actress confessed. Louise went on to share details of the character she originally played on the soap back in 1973.    “I played somebody called Sharon Crossthwaite, who was the postmistress’ daughter,” she revealed. The soap star explained: “I came in and I was raped and murdered off-camera. I don't think we were so risky in those days. “But, apparently I was the first woman to be murdered in a soap. That's my claim to fame! “I might use it as my autobiographical title at some point,” she laughed. DON'T MISS...Rafe Spall details hilarious encounter with Michael Gambon [WATCH]Coronation Street's Adam Barlow left with life changing injuries? [SPOILERS]Married at First Sight Australia faces walk out over surprise return [MUST SEE]  Speaking further about her former character, Louise added: “She was a very sweet, innocent, young girl. “We can't bring her back because she’s dead so I've come back as somebody completely [different],” the actress explained. However, it’s not just her old role in Emmerdale that viewers might recognise Louise from as she has a history with another popular soap. She joined the cast of BBC’s EastEnders in 1998, playing restaurant owner Rosa di Marco.    Louise continued to star as Rosa in the iconic Albert Square until 2000 and her character eventually died off-screen in 2002. She’s also well known for her role as Leela, one of the Fourth Doctor’s companions, in Doctor Who. The actress starred alongside Tom Baker in the hit sci-fi series in 1977 and 1978. Emmerdale airs weeknights at 7:30pm on ITV.  