Chelsea and Newcastle fans reportedly clashed outside Stamford Bridge ahead of the two clubs' Premier League showdown. The two teams went head-to-head for the second time this season at Stamford Bridge. There was an air of sorrow in west London on Sunday as Chelsea hosted their first match since owner Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale. The Russian oligarch is looking to offload the Blues following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government this week and Chelsea are now unable to sell match tickets or open their club shop. And, according to The Telegraph, there was a tense atmosphere outside the stadium after a skirmish occurred between opposition fans near Britannia Gate. There was a heavy police presence and one supporter was spotted bleeding from the back of their head. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours Chelsea have been flying high for almost two decades after Abramovich bought the club in 2003. The 55-year-old has ploughed prodigious sums of cash into the club during his spell at the helm and has been able to attract some of the best players in the world to Stamford Bridge. The Blues have lifted the Premier League trophy five times under Abramovich. And they won their second Champions League trophy last May, before tasting glory at the Club World Cup in February. But the good times could be set to come to an abrupt end. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling    The sale of the club had been momentarily paused after Abramovich had his assets frozen - but the Russian has now been given the green light to seek out a deal. The government has reportedly given bidders until the end of next week to formalise offers - so the future of the club is completely up in the air. The unfolding situation at Stamford Bridge is completely opposite to the one at St James’ Park as Newcastle appear to be in an auspicious position following their takeover by a Saudi-led consortium last October. And the Magpies now have the financial backing to become one of the best teams in Europe in the future.  There was clearly tension at Stamford Bridge on Sunday as fans tried to digest the club’s dramatic reverse off-the-pitch. And the unsavoury scenes between the two sets of supporters would patently have been very unwelcome indeed. Chelsea have enjoyed a decent run of form over the last two months and have won their last four Premier League matches in a row. On Thursday night they defeated Norwich 3-1 less than a week after thumping Burnley 4-0. But a whole host of stars are now reportedly seriously considering their futures at Stamford Bridge, with some likely to push for a move away. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 