Arsenal have been told to turn their attentions to Crystal Palace ace Michael Olise in the summer transfer window. The Frenchman has been in wonderful form under Patrick Vieira. Crystal Palace ace Olise has been in fantastic form this season and has been tipped to make the move to Arsenal this summer. That is the verdict from former Tottenham striker Darren Bent, who believes the Frenchman fits Mikel Arteta’s plans perfectly. In his first season in the Premier League, the former Reading star has scored four times and created seven assists. It has led to an international scramble with England, France, Algeria and Nigeria all trying to get him to commit to their countries. That is despite the 20-year-old having horrible luck with injuries after initially struggling with problems at the start of the campaign. But he has put them to one side to make a huge impact at Selhurst Park, where he is already a fan favourite. And Bent reckons Arsenal could ask their old captain Vieira to give them a hand and sell them Olise in the summer transfer window. “He is certainly the type of player Mikel Arteta will like,” Bent told Soccer Saturday. “We know he likes young players and this kid has really impressed me. For large spells I thought it was just all about Wilfried Zaha and Eze but at the moment he has himself into the team and been sensational. “He can go past people, he has a nice range of passing, he can score a goal and his final delivery has been lovely. I think he is a top player. “It makes sense – if you look at what Mikel Arteta has done in the transfer market at the start of the season, all the players were 24 or younger. He [Olise] fits that kind of mould. “The only thing you would say is where would he play because in those front areas, Arsenal are quite loaded. “Someone of that quality, it doesn’t surprise me to see Arsenal and those top sides interested.” Whether Arsenal will heed Bent’s advice remains to be seen with their transfer wish list already drawn up. Arteta is desperate to sign a striker after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic in the January transfer window. While a midfielder is also being courted with Arsenal missing some depth in the position with Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey as the club’s main pivot.