The Good Morning Britain presenter has created two documentaries focusing on Derek, who is now living with multiple life-changing ailments after the virus left him with organ failure and in an induced coma for months. The 54-year-old became one of the country's worst and most well-known cases of COVID-19 and its long-term effects, and Kate has continued to update the public on her husband's recovery. The broadcaster's first documentary Finding Derek received a BAFTA award, but the updated documentary failed to be nominated for this year's list. Both emotional programmes were popular with viewers keen to find out about Derek's progress since he finally left hospital after more than a year. They looked into Derek's gruelling battle with the illness and the impact it has had on him, with the former political adviser still left with no official diagnosis of his condition. The second documentary explored how Kate and her family have adapted their lives in order to adjust to Derek's illness, as well as challenges within the social care system. Derek's wider family also appear in the programme to detail the support they have lent the couple during their harrowing journey. Despite the show bringing in a big audience, it has been rebuffed along with other surprising shows which failed to receive BAFTA TV nominations. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Meanwhile, BBC police drama Line of Duty, which was named the highest-rated British drama in 13 years, was also overlooked for a nomination. Also excluded was EastEnders in the soap category despite Holby City, which aired its final episode this week, being among the nominations. Vigil, the second-biggest drama of the year which also starred Line of Duty's Martin Compston, was nominated for Best Drama. Channel 4's hard-hitting series It's a Sin swept 11 nominations, including Leading Actor (Olly Alexander) and Leading Actress (Lydia West). The drama, which told the story of a group of friends impacted by Britain's HIV and AIDS crisis in the 1980s, is also up for three supporting actor accolades and Best Mini-Series. Sky thriller Landscapers saw David Thewliss pick up a Leading Actor nomination, but his co-star Olivia Coleman was snubbed. Killing Eve star Jodie Comer has been nominated for a Leading Actress award for her role in Help, while Sean Bean has been nominated for prison drama Time. Kate Winslet's performance on HBO's Mare of Easttown has also earned her a nomination. DON'T MISS... Whoopi Goldberg slaps down race focus after Will Smith slap [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Lola Pearce discovers she's pregnant? [THEORY]Ben Shephard agonises as Tipping Point player gets timing muddled [VIDEO] The crime drama captivated audiences went it also landed on Sky Atlantic. Fans are desperate for future instalments but although a second series has been discussed, it has not yet been confirmed. Kate may have been snubbed at this year's BAFTAs but she accepted a National Television Award back in September for Finding Derek and made an emotional speech. "It was a hugely brave decision of ITV to commission this, they didn’t really know what they were making - they didn’t know if they were making a story about bereavement or about a triumph," the 54-year-old stated. She continued: "Lucy arrived in our home not knowing if she was seeing a family grieve or relief - and in the end, really, it ended up being something between the two. "Thank you so much for voting. I wonder if the reason why you did is because our story is your story. "We’ve all been touched by the pandemic, whether its livelihoods, mental health. "Whatever you’re going through, however you’re affected, you’re not forgotten. We want the joy back, we want it to be over, but if you’re still living with the scars, the fight goes on. Derek should have been here to tell his own story." Finding Derek and Caring for Derek are available to watch on ITV Hub.