Max Verstappen has suggested that Red Bull have tricks up their sleeve as they vie to put themselves in a prime position to battle with Mercedes by the time the 2022 season gets underway in Bahrain. The Dutchman trailed behind his team-mate Sergio Perez, as well as Silver Arrows duo George Russell and Lewis Hamilton on the final day of testing in Barcelona. Verstappen is once again expected to compete at the pinnacle of the sport this year, fresh off the back of his first world title. He and his bitter rival, Hamilton, both took some much-needed time out during the off-season, with doubts creeping in as to whether the Brit would return at all. But with his comeback assured, Verstappen expressed a hunger to get Red Bull's brand new RB18 out on track when it was launched earlier in February. Indeed, sweeping changes to regulations made last week's pre-season test more important than most, as teams scramble to iron out imperfections before lights out in Sakhir. READ MORE: FIA receive request to cancel Nikita Mazepin's licence over Russia's Ukraine invasion  On Friday, Verstappen notched the fourth fastest time behind Hamilton, Russell and Perez in Barcelona. While some may interpret that to mean Hamilton has the edge as he bids for a record-breaking eighth world title, Verstappen has urged caution with his Red Bull team poised to get to work. He claimed his final testing session was 'difficult to rate'. "What was positive is the car was running smooth, I was happy with the balance – but Bahrain is going to be completely different," added the Dutchman. "Heading into race one, the car will be completely different as well. "So for me, I just focussed on doing a lot of laps and try to really nail down every single aspect of the car."  While Verstappen issued something of a hidden warning to his Mercedes rivals, the Silver Arrows pair could become embroiled in a battle of their own if newcomer Russell rises to the occasion. On Friday, Hamilton emerged with the faster time, as Russell saw his fastest lap pipped by around one tenth.  While the youngster has spoken about the importance of helping to improve the car during his debut season with Mercedes, he will no doubt harbour more selfish ambitions to mix it with F1's big hitters. Hamilton has plenty of incentive too, even with seven world titles in the bag, after a prospective eighth crown agonisingly landed at the feet of Verstappen in Abu Dhabi. Changes in personnel and procedure have followed from the FIA as a result, with fans eager to see another blockbuster contest in 2022. A further test in Bahrain is set to get underway on March 10, and the season's curtain-raiser pencilled in for March 20.