Anatoly Chubais, 66, has survived some major changes in Russia’s political system and, since last year, has served as a Kremlin special envoy. But he is now understood to have left his position today, on Wednesday, as well as Russia itself. Bloomberg reports “two people familiar with the situation” said his departure was spurred by Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine. It added Chubais is the “highest-level official to break with the Kremlin over the invasion”. Other reports suggest he has since been spotted withdrawing cash from an ATM machine in Istanbul, well over 1,000 miles away from Moscow. Chubais is understood to have given Putin his first role in the Kremlin in the mid-1990s. Valentin Yumashev, a former member of Russian President Boris Yeltsin’s inner circle, once recalled: “Yeltsin's outgoing administration chief, Anatoly Chubais, told me he knew a strong manager who'd make a good deputy for me. He introduced me to Vladimir Putin and we began working together.” Chubais appears to have maintained a close relationship with Putin until recently, having been appointed special Presidential envoy for sustainable development last year. There were, however, signs he might split with Putin following the Ukrainian invasion. On February 27, Chubais posted a photo of Boris Nemtsov on his official Facebook page. READ MORE: Man hurls petrol bomb at Putin's home– angry Russian uprising erupts The Deputy Prime Minister-cum-opposition activist opposed the 2014 annexation of Crimea by Russia. He was assassinated a year later, in 2015. Journalists responded to Chubais, who posted the photo without comment, asking for his thoughts on the invasion. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] At the time, he gave no reply. The Moscow Times described the post as having been “interpreted as a veiled comment against the war”. Today, Reuters reporters managed to get Chubais on the phone, but after being asked to comment on his apparent departure, he hung up. A Kremlin spokesman has since confirmed the former official resigned today from his post. They said he did so of his own accord. This came amid reports of a man hurling a ‘Molotov cocktail’ at the Kremlin, Putin’s workplace and, according to some accounts, his home, causing some flames to flare at the base of its walls.