Donald Trump, who left the White House in January 2021, took aim at Joe Biden after the 46th President's administration introduced measures to boycott Russian oil and gas. Mr Biden unveiled his plans, which he described as a "powerful blow to Putin's war machine", yesterday. Brexit Britain has moved with the US to hit the Kremlin where it hurts, with experts at the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit suggesting the UK's oil ban could cost Moscow more than £5billion this year. However, European leaders rejected Mr Biden's plan with the Brussels bloc instead proposing a plan to phase out gas imports only. Many continental countries are much more reliant on Russian energy exports than the US. European Union member states are estimated to get around 40 percent of their natural gas from Russia. German ministers, who were notably sceptical about excluding Russia from the financial transactions service SWIFT, appeared the most reluctant to move away from Russian supplies. Berlin's foreign minister Annalena Baerbock said: "It’s no use if in three weeks we find out that we only have a few days of electricity left in Germany and therefore we have to go back on these sanctions." JUST IN: 'Suffocate Putin's cronies!' Brexit Britain criminalises Russian aircraft from entering UK In response, Mr Trump released a statement on his Save America PAC. The 45th President said: "Just confirmed that most of Europe won’t go along with the United States in boycotting Russian oil and gas. "As usual the United States will be left out there alone, being taken advantage of by Europe, as we defend them, while we read in the Fake News how everyone has come together under Biden to fight Russia." In a separate post, Mr Trump also landed a blow against Mr Biden over gas prices. He said: "BREAKING NEWS: HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY! DO YOU MISS ME YET?" The national average price of gasoline jumped to $4.17 on Tuesday, which broke the previous record set in 2008. However, Mr Biden appeared well aware that many of his European allies would not follow him in introducing a similar boycott. He said: "We're moving forward with this ban, understanding that many of our European allies and partners may not be in a position to join us. "The United States produces far more oil domestically than all of the European countries combined. "In fact, we're a net exporter of energy." However, domestic oil production has taken a hit since Mr Trump left office. The 45th President also increased domestic oil production from 8,844 thousand barrels per day in 2016 to 12,289 thousand barrels per day in 2019. Domestic oil production during Mr Biden's first year in office stood at 11,283 thousand barrels per day. Mr Trump and Mr Biden have continued with their political jostle ever since the 2020 Presidential Election. While the 45th President is yet to confirm whether he will run in 2024, there is a chance Mr Trump could become the second US President to return to the White House and serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office. According to polling aggregator Real Clear Politics, Mr Trump has even opened up a 3.7 percent lead over his successor. Mr Biden won the 2020 contest after painting Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin blue but Mr Trump has continued to peddle the unfounded claim the election was rigged.