Holidaying with Jane McDonald: The Caribbean began on Sunday night and saw the former cruise ship singer taking the trip of a lifetime. The first Channel 5 instalment saw Jane take a solo trip around the Caribbean including Barbados, St Lucia, Grenada and Antigua. While exploring the island, Jane took part in deep blue sea snorkelling with turtles and bathing in nature's own volcanic hot tub. However, when Jane arrived in the Caribbean, she reflected on how tough the past couple of years have been. Not only did the entire world shut down due to the coronavirus pandemic, but Jane also suffered the loss of her fiance. Jane's late partner Eddie Rothe died of lung cancer on March 26 2021. At the beginning of the programme, Jane admitted to "dusting off her passport" as she embarked on her first trip alone. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "Big moment now," Jane told one of the hotel staff members as she stepped foot on the sand. "The sand between my toes, it's like walking in heaven, isn't it?" As she took a stroll along the beach, Jane reflected on the last couple of years. She continued: "And just like that, all the stresses of life and the last couple of years are washed away." "The reason I've picked this hotel is because it's quite central to most things that I need like shops," the presenter went on to add. "But the big thing is this hotel runs the full length of this amazing beach." The first trip Jane decided to try was snorkelling, although she admitted to feeling nervous about it. When chatting with the diving instructor, Jane quizzed her on how experienced she was. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] After putting the singer at ease, she teased: "Thank goodness for that, we are in safe hands. "I am feeling a little bit nervous because I can't breathe," Jane admitted as she was about to enter the water. "But I am sure it will be fine." Despite feeling nervous at first, when Jane got into the water she immediately felt at ease. As she swam with the turtles, she beamed: "It's a bit of a spiritual moment for me, it was proper special." Jane was with Eddie for 13 years before he passed away from cancer and since his death, she admitted she is no good at being sad or crying. During her first TV appearance on Loose Women, she told her pals: "13 years of absolute bliss and that’s how I’m getting through it. “I’m not thinking of the last six months because it was horrendous. “I’m not good at being sad. I’m not good at this. I’m not good at crying. “So every day when I wake up and I get that thud like someone’s just hit me…" Holidaying with Jane McDonald airs on Sunday at 9pm on Channel 5.