As the war in Ukraine rumbles on, the German government is reportedly preparing for a considerable deterioration of the gas supply. Minister of Economics Robert Habeck has declared the "early warning stage" of the gas emergency plan. He said in Berlin: "There are currently no supply bottlenecks. "Nevertheless, we must increase precautionary measures in order to be prepared in the event of an escalation on the part of Russia." Germany has already come under fire for its huge reliance on Russian energy. The Kremlin supplies around 40 percent of Berlin's gas. It comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that Russian gas supplies for "unfriendly states" would in future only be payable in rubles. This has reportedly sparked panic in Germany that supplies could be cut if his demands are not met. Carsten Fritsch, commodities analyst at Commerzbank, said: "It is now feared that a gas embargo by the EU is becoming more likely. As a result, gas could become significantly more expensive for German consumers." "Gas Emergency Plan for the Federal Republic of Germany" is the name of the emergency paper published by the Federal Ministry of Economics in September 2019." The plan sets out three crisis levels for what happens if gas supplies become so tight that rationing is necessary. The first level is an "early warning level" and means that "an event may occur" that is "likely to lead to a significant deterioration of the gas supply situation". Even in the second stage, the "alert stage", there is still no state intervention. This is defined as either a "disruption in the gas supply" or an "exceptionally high demand" for gas, which leads to a "significant deterioration in the gas supply situation". The third step, is the "emergency stage," and this is only declared if "further massive long-term supply failures" or failures of "essential lines without the possibility of a rapid alternative supply". If "control energy is consistently not sufficiently available and cannot be procured at short notice", the third and final stage of the plan can be rolled out. An embargo on Russian gas would at least make the case for the "emergency stage" much more likely. Because despite a declining trend, Russia is still by far the largest gas supplier for Germany, with a share of around 55 percent. If the German government declares the third stage, the Federal Network Agency takes the place of the market. By means of so-called "sovereign allocation", it can determine which pipelines are to be temporarily switched off and which are not – essentially they will control who gets gas. The knock-on effects would be devastating – hitting both industry and households. Speaking this morning, Mr Habeck added: "Russia has made it clear with several statements that they will present a law which will stipulate that oil and gas deliveries will in future have to be paid in rubles and there were several statements from the Russian side that if this does not happen that deliveries will be ceased. "To be prepared for this situation, this morning I declared the early warning stage according to the gas regulation. "The early warning stage is the first of three possible stages. "A crisis committee has been created in the ministry along the lines of the regulation according to which this early warning stage has been declared. "Therefore, everything we have done in the last few months is being formalised."