The popular Sky Original’s third season brought an end to the epic war between witches, vampires and daemons this February. Following the tragic death of Emily Mather (played by Valerie Pettiford) at the end of season two, the cast of A Discovery of Witches has assured fans the story isn’t quite over just yet. Series regular Valerie revealed she believes her Discovery of Witches character Emily is still watching over her family after her death in season two. Emily and her partner Sarah (Alex Kingston) have been firm fan-favourites since the fantasy drama began in 2018. Having raised their niece Diana Bishop (Teresa Palmer) following the death of her parents, the aunts were fierce allies during her fight against the Congregation. Sadly, her time on the series came to a tragic end when she came up against the powerful Peter Knox (Owen Teale) and his quest to acquire the Book of Life. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role At a recent fan event to mark the end of the Sky series, Valerie revealed she believes Emily is still watching over the family from beyond the grave. “[She’s] keeping an eye on Sarah,” she said during the Q&A to press and Express.co.uk. “Making sure that she’s happy. Just making sure all her loved ones are safe and secure. “No madness going on, because she’ll come down and haunt ya!” Although ghosts aren’t a major part of the series, they are occasionally referenced in Deborah Harkness’ original All Souls novels. The spirit of Emily may well have been watching over Diana as she and Matthew Clairmont (Matthew Goode) fought the Congregation to reunite the magical world. Moreover, the death of Emily in the series has by no means put an end to Valerie and Alex’s real-life friendship behind the scenes. Alex told fans: “The moment that Valarie and I met, we knew that this was a friendship that was going to last forever. Off-screen, as well as on-screen.” DON'T MISS:Heels season 2 release: Alexander Ludwig drops huge update [LATEST]NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role [NEWS]The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [UPDATE] Well-known for her roles in Doctor Who and ER, Emily was already deeply familiar with Alex’s work before working alongside her for two seasons of A Discovery of Witches. She recalled: “The chemistry between Alex and I... I was also a huge fan of hers beforehand, so you always hope that your idols are wonderful off-screen as well as on. And folks, yes she is. The best thing ever. “Emily is the softer side to Sarah. She is the cream in her coffee, she is the more tender to Sarah’s passion and force and stuff like that. “That’s why Em loves Sarah. Because she’s a go-getter and she doesn’t mince words and she’s so passionate and true and loving.” Sky’s magical drama may have come to an end for now, but there could be a small chance for Sarah and Emily to reunite if Deborah’s All Souls sequel novels are ever adapted. At the recent panel discussion, showrunner Lachlan MacKinnon teased: “You’ll probably know, this is not the end of Deb’s writing. “There are other novels there tackling familiar and new characters. Different timeframes. So you’re going to have to watch this space.” Valerie likely won’t be reprising her role as Diana’s loving aunt any time soon, but All Souls fans should certainly keep their eyes open for updates regarding a potential sequel series. A Discovery of Witches is available to stream on Sky Go and NOW.