It has been predicted that the Government will be facing a £35billion funding “black hole” of lost car tax revenue with the loss of fuel duty, which is expected to drop dramatically in the coming years. The 2030 ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars will have a dramatic impact on the revenue from fuel duty, especially with millions already looking to switch to an electric car. Electric vehicles are exempt from road tax and as more motorists switch over, its tax income is expected to fall. As a result of this, road pricing has become more popular in recent years as motoring organisations and policymakers view the scheme as a suitable replacement for the current tax system. A Transport Committee report on road pricing was released in February and outlined the impacts that potential schemes would have on the UK. It stated: “Increased congestion will make it harder for the Government to achieve its transport policy objectives. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers “Streets filled with idling petrol and diesel vehicles in major cities will add to air pollution. “Congestion has a negative effect on economic activity because it restricts and delays the movement of vehicles transporting goods and services. “Of course, for some drivers, especially those in rural areas, increased congestion will have little impact and the lower running costs of electric vehicles will prove an unalloyed benefit. “The potential effect of a replacement charging mechanism for fuel duty and vehicle excise duty on drivers will vary across the regions and nations of the UK. DON'T MISSNew driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [WARNING]What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Motorists urged to change driving habits to save on car tax [IMPORTANT] “The Government must assess the potential effect of a road pricing mechanism based on telematic technology on high-mileage drivers, such as road hauliers and those in rural communities, and on those least able to adapt to increased motoring costs.” Road pricing could also be introduced via a pay per mile scheme of road taxation which would see drivers being charged for every mile they drive after a certain allowance of “free” miles. It has been suggested that drivers would not be charged for the first 3,000 miles they drive in a year, but would be charged for every journey following that. Edmund King, President of the AA, has called for those living in rural areas to receive an extra 1,000 “free” miles to keep them on the road. However, concerns have been raised that it could penalise people who live in remote rural areas and the disabled who rely on their cars to get around. Those in urban areas typically have better access to services and other forms of transport, allowing them to drive less if necessary. For rural drivers, they often have to drive further and more frequently to reach essential services like shops and hospitals. In its report, the Transport Committee called on the Government to set up an advisory body to come up with proposals for a new road charging system by the end of the year. The Tony Blair Institute for Global Change also released a report on the future of “Gridlock Britain”. It stressed: “Our approach to road pricing needs to form part of a wider strategy – allied with redesign of our urban and rural spaces to reduce car dependence.” Tom Leathes, spokesperson for Motorway.co.uk, raised concerns the fees could impact some drivers more than others. Speaking previously to Express.co.uk, he said: “If you live in London you might pay less than a pay per mile but you’ve got the additional Clean Air Zone fees on top of that. “They stack up one way or another I think. “It's definitely unbalanced between short city drivers who might just nip to the shops or do a very short commute to people that are commuting into cities or rural areas where it could get extremely expensive."