ITV daytime favourite Tipping Point was on screens as usual on Wednesday, but as Ben Shephard hosted the quiz and asked contestants a variation of questions, regular viewers spotted something that bothered them. The episode included a question about the 2019 film Knives Out, which sparked a backlash as several took to social media to claim three shows in a row had now asked a question on the mystery-comedy film. Many were frustrated with the repetition while others simply picked up on the theme. As contestants Bridget and Dewi went head-to-head after beating off other players, they remained on similar points during a round of questions. Ben asked: "'Everyone has a motive, no one has a clue' is a tagline from which 2019 film starring Daniel Craig and Jamie Lee Curtis?" He added to Dewi: "You can play this or you can pass it to Bridget if you're not sure." "I'm going to play this because I took my partner to the cinema to watch it," Dewi replied. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? "Because he's got like a Kentucky accent in it, as well. But yeah, it's Knives Out." "Knives out. Bridget, have you seen this one?" the presenter asked. "Wouldn't have a clue. I feel better that I didn't have a clue," Bridget admitted. "Well, let's see if he's right," Ben continued. "If so, Dewi, you are today's winner." Ben confirmed Knives Out was correct, but eagle-eyed fans quickly spotted that Wednesday wasn't the first Tipping Point this week to feature the film in a question. Twitter user @MissLionHeart wrote: "#TippingPoint did the Knives Out question yesterday - but the answer was Daniel Craig." David Johnson pointed out: "Knives Out has been on three quizzes this week #tippingpoint." Steve Evans penned: "Knives out is the new potter klaxon #TippingPoint." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [LATEST]Trigger Point's Vicky McClure hits back at fans over finale backlash [REACTION]Peaky Blinders' Joe Cole on thing BBC role left him unable to do [VIDEO] "Knives Out it was on a Saturday. There was a question on The Chase about it yesterday!!!!!! #TippingPoint," @Samanth22356123 commented. @ElizabethMBarr4 added: "Knives out was a question yesterday... #tippingpoint." @steve_evo asked: "Knives out again?? Ffs #TippingPoint." @Jon70235472 simply remarked: "Knives out #TippingPoint," while @Erasmo2058 echoed this, writing: "Knives Out #TippingPoint." Dewi ended up going to the final alone to try to get the all-important £10,000 jackpot counter. Eventually, he decided to take what he had won rather than take the trade risk it all for the jackpot. "I don't think I can pass on £2,900," he told Ben. "I'm just going to have to take it." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.