The quarter-finals continued on Monday as two universities battled it out to reach the next stage of the competition. However, as host Jeremy Paxman directed the quiz in the usual fashion, University Challenge viewers took to social media to complain about the picture round that was branded “a waste of time”. King’s College London and Emmanuel College Cambridge were the two teams competing on Monday. Explaining the picture round, Jeremy said: “For your picture starter you’re going to see three countries marked on maps. “Each one has a tricolour flag, you need to work out the fourth country whose flag can be made by taking colours from the other three as indicated by arrows in the diagram.” After a long pause, an Emmanuel College Cambridge quizzer incorrectly guessed Azerbaijan. Read more: University Challenge viewers distracted by contestant's appearance King’s College London then incorrectly suggested Luxembourg. Jeremy revealed the correct answer was Armenia before asking the teams another starter question. The King’s College London team answered that subsequent question correctly and were given the picture round for a chance to score more points. As the team attempted to solve the first puzzle, one of the players said: “This is very difficult.” University Challenge viewers agreed and took to social media to share their frustration. @msjoey10 tweeted: “The flags question was really cruel! #UniversityChallenge.” @ToddCoxeter added: “Stupid flags round is the worst University Challenge round ever.” “This is the worst episode of this show I've ever seen #UniversityChallenge,” @TheSpacePimp wrote. DON'T MISSUniversity Challenge viewers distracted by player's outfit [INSIGHT]University Challenge team savaged by Paxman over performance [VIDEO]University Challenge viewers spot 'ignored' contestants 'Fallen out?' [VIDEO] @JoannePape said: “This is one of the worst and best episodes of all time #UniversityChallenge.” “Hope the flag setter has been fired. #UniversityChallenge,” @TonyPGreaves joked. @adamfelixobrien quipped: “This flag question is a f****g JOKE #UniversityChallenge.” The King’s College London team had to work out the colours of three different flags before correctly naming the country of the flag created by the colours. The team quickly struggled to work out all of the different colours and answered all three picture questions incorrectly. At the end of the quarter-finals, King’s College London lost out to Emmanuel College Cambridge. The former scored 80 while the latter narrowly defeated them with a score of 85. University Challenge continues on BBC One on Monday at 8.30pm.