NatWest was previously rescued by the Government following its £45 billion bailout of Royal Bank of Scotland during the financial crisis.After acquiring 84 percent of the bank it has since been slowly selling off batches of its holding.Today NatWest revealed it had reached an agreement with the Treasury to buy 4.91 percent of the company's shares, worth around £1.2 billion.The sale takes the Government's holding, and voting rights, below 50 percent for the first time. Following the sale the Treasury now holds 48.06 percent of the bank's shares. At its peak around 84 percent of NatWest was in public ownership with the Treasury aiming to sell off its entire stake by 2025-26. Monday's sale marks the fifth sale so far with plans to slowly sell-off the holding to avoid a major impact on share prices. The Treasury has also been clear it will only sell at a price that represents value for taxpayers. Economic Secretary to the Treasury, John Glen said: "This sale means that the government is no longer the majority owner of NatWest Group and is therefore an important landmark in our plan to return the bank to the private sector. "We will continue to prioritise delivering value for money for the taxpayer as we take forward this plan." Despite these aims the taxpayer looks set to make a loss overall though with the original bailout costing around 500p a share, more than double NatWest's current share price of 224p. Shares in NatWest rose slightly by 1.6 percent following this morning's announcement. NatWest Chief Executive Alison Rose commented: "We believe this transaction to be a good use of capital for the bank and our shareholders. "Reducing government ownership below 50 percent is an important milestone for NatWest Group and a further demonstration of the progress we are making as we continue to deliver for our customers and shareholders." The sell off of the Government's stake in NatWest has so far taken considerably longer than Lloyds Banking Group which was also bailed out during the financial crisis at a cost of £20.3 billion. In 2017 the remainder of this was sold off with then Chancellor Philip Hammond saying the tax payer cost had been recouped in full.  DON'T MISS:  Putin's panic as UK looks to break Russia's iron energy grip [ANALYSIS]EU banks desperate to keep financial link to UK face Brussels threat [REVEAL] China haemorrhaging billions of dollars as investors panic [INSIGHT] The sell off of more Government owned stock comes following widespread debate over tax and spending plans after last week's Spring Statement. Susannah Streeter, Senior Investment and Markets Analyst at Hargeaves Lansdown, noted it came  "at a time when the government sorely needs the cash with the costs of borrowing mounting."  