After nine engrossing episodes, fans have been left wanting more of the US period drama The Gilded Age. Creator Julian Fellowes has suggested from the very beginning that there is a connection between the show and Downton Abbey. Speaking to Deadline, the writer claimed it was an avenue he hopes to explore in the second outing of the popular HBO show. After the season one finale, the showrunner remained tight-lipped when asked whether Downton's Lady Cora (played by Elizabeth McGovern) could be related to any of The Gilded Age families. After hints that Cora's mum, Martha Levinson's family name may hold the clue to her lineage, he said: “We know [her maiden name] wasn't Levinson, because we know she wasn't Jewish, her husband was." “I think that’s interesting to explore,” he told Deadline. READ MORE:Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode  “And no doubt we will continue to explore it in season two, without giving it away now,” he added. Viewers are hoping to see the high-class New Yorker make an appearance in season two. In the finale, fans were exposed to a major revelation about the Russells’ French chef Monsieur Baudin (Douglas Sills). It turned out, the chef was not French at all, but rather a man named Borden from Wichita.  Season two could be set to feature more scheming from Mrs Russell (Carrie Coon) as she attempts to cement her place in the city’s social order. Speaking about her role in the show, actor Carrie described Mrs Russell as an “outsider”. The TV star explained: “They are the outsiders, they’re the interlopers and that’s always fun. She asked: “I mean, don’t we all feel like outsiders?” “It’s a feeling everybody can relate to and there’s also a source of dynamism in the plot and so it’s always fun to play a character that’s, sort of, propelling in that way,” she told Pop Culture. The season-ender marked a series high after it has reportedly brought in a 54 per cent audience increase from the premiere which aired in January. The Gilded Age grew from its initial one million total viewers to eight and a half million across HBO and HBO Max. The series was created and written by Julian Fellowes, who executive produced with Gareth Neame, David Crockett and Bob Greenblatt. The lavish costume drama is a co-production between HBO and Universal Television, a division of Universal Studio Group. Set around New York during the 1880s, the show highlights the class division between new money and old money. The series aimed to show the upper echelons of New York’s high society during that time. The Gilded Age is available to watch on HBO in America and Sky Atlantic and NOW streaming service in the UK.