While the spring statement saw a variety of tax changes, the lacking IHT shift especially for the residence nil rate band will likely see Britons paying more as the Chancellor attempts to cover the cost of Covid. Rishi Sunak has also been criticised for not helping the most economically vulnerable in society. As the cost of living crisis continues to worsen, Mr Sunak has faced criticisms that he is out of touch with the struggles of everyday life on a low income or minimum wage salary. However, raising costs, inflation and interest rates is not just a cause for concern when it comes to everyday purchases but also for those facing potentially insurmountable capital gains tax and inheritance tax bills. The Office for Budget Responsibility has reported that £125billion will be raised just from CGT and IHT receipts in the next five years. This will be a £50.5billion increase on the amount collected before the pandemic. READ MORE: State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pure discrimination' The biggest criticism for these two taxes is that the thresholds, unlike the National Insurance one, has not budged. The current threshold for IHT is £325,000 with estates less than this value not incurring any tax bill. This threshold has not changed since 2009 and will remain in place until 2026. As the threshold does not keep on par with inflation, more families are likely to breach this limit and find their heirs paying 40 percent of their inheritance to the taxman.  Additionally, housing market prices have grown exponentially, quickly pricing young homeowners out of the property market - but this isn’t the only dilemma. The residence nil rate band, also known as additional threshold, for IHT is currently £175,000 and will remain at this amount until 2026. This additional threshold is available for those that are passing on their family homes to their direct descendants, their children or grandchildren. Essentially, families utilising both of these thresholds can pass on an estate valued at £500,000 without incurring IHT.  However, due to skyrocketing property values, it is increasingly difficult for families to keep under this threshold in order to enjoy its tax-free benefits. Currently an IHT bill can be levied on the part of one’s estate that is above the necessary thresholds and can include gifts made up to seven years before they died. IHT receipts from April 2021 to February 2022 reached a record high of £5.5billion, figures released last week show. This is a £700million, or 14 percent, increase on the same period a year earlier and the previous record was held by the 2018 to 2019 tax year with £5.36billion.  HMRC reportedly commented that the high receipts can be partially attributed to the higher numbers of inheritances being passed on during the pandemic although it noted this cannot be verified until full data becomes available. Additionally, the high number of transfers were also compounded by the rising property values, which made more estates liable to IHT due to the threshold freeze. It is also worth noting that the stamp duty holiday, which ended in September 2021, also formed part of this time period meaning that IHT bills will likely rise exponentially with house price inflation as the average house price increased by 10.8 percent in the year to February 2022. This is also a new record high of £278,123 average in the UK according to Halifax.