Jo Elvin, the host of Palace Confidential, said she came under "some quite epic trolling on social media" last week by Sussex Fans who she said were trying to find any reason to be angry with the Prince. Ms Elvin describes the "Sussex Squad" as the internet cheerleaders for Harry and Meghan who have signed an almost "God-like" status to the California-based royals. The royal expert said the fans won't tolerate the faintest hint of criticism about either Meghan or Harry. In a Mail on Sunday article, she wrote: "The Sussex Squad likes to indulge in a sport I call ‘Offence Fracking’: the deep, deep mining for something – anything! – to jump on and be angry about. "Last week, their ship really came in when they found the most spurious of reasons to vent murderous fury at enemy number one, Prince William."  It comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met volunteers at the Ukrainian Culture Centre last week in London, who were helping to fill lorries with aid to support the humanitarian relief efforts. When speaking with the volunteers, Prince William said: "For our generation it’s very alien to see this in Europe." The Prince came under immediate criticism after reports stated he had said it was "unlike conflicts in Asia and Africa". Ms Elvin said: "Initially, some social-media reports claimed William had also made a comment along the lines of ‘We’re more used to seeing this in Africa or Asia’. READ MORE: Royal Family: Prince Harry 'raises eyebrows' with latest move "But it turned out he said no such thing – the proof coming later in the day, when a video from the event was widely circulated online. "But there’s no fun in that for the Offence Frackers. So Twitter’s Sussex Squad wasted no time in screeching about ‘racist’ William". She claimed this was "egged on" by Omid Scobie, the author of Finding Freedom, who she describes as "Harry and Meghan’s most famous cheerleader". DON'T MISS:George's godmother says close bond is 'lovely way' of honouring Diana [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think Harry is right not to attend Philip's memorial? [POLL]Commonwealth on brink as royal support to plummet under King Charles [COMMENT] However, the author shared a video of Prince William's visit to the centre, with the caption: "Following a Press Association report which claimed Prince William said Britons are 'more used to seeing conflict in Africa and Asia', a clip of the conversation in question—not featuring these words—has been shared." Ms Elvin said: "Even if William actually had said the line about Africa and Asia, it would have been outstanding work to take a tiny, throwaway comment and contort it until they found a reason to be angry (the textbook definition of Offence Fracking). "But then Meghan and Harry’s ‘squad’ really do all seem the type who could start a brawl in an empty room." 