Mr Sunak is due to give the Spring Statement in a matter of hours, with some saying changes to dividend taxes are unlikely while others claim that cutting the allowance could save household budgets. Government budget is currently running at a £26billion deficit and it's growing at a rapid rate due to inflation but British households hang on to the hope that the deficit won’t be funded with the money they need to eat.   Some are speculating that rather than pushing the costs of the pandemic and recent economic turbulence on the British public it could be moved across to the smaller demographic of Britons receiving dividends. To those without dividends it may seem like a decision that requires no further thought, but Lucy Tarleton, director at CFPro, has noted it may turn into “a policy that penalises success”. She commented: “Raising cash for the NHS is a worthy cause, but tax increases for businesses mid-pandemic bounce back feel counterintuitive. “Successful, growing businesses are the engine of economic recovery, which in turn boosts tax receipts for spending on public services. We should be incentivising business success, not making it more expensive.” READ MORE: Pension alert: Rishi Sunak inheritance tax change could be 'death tax' for retirement pots  Businesses have suffered enormously over the past three years with inflation, rising wages and supply chain disruption now top of their list of burdens. The Chancellor has previously expressed his interest in encouraging enterprise growth and investment in the Autumn Budget. David Fort, managing director at Haines Watts Manchester shared: “The announcements made during the Autumn Budget around R&D taxes reinforce his commitment to enterprise, so to raise dividend taxes at this stage would be counterproductive.” He added that if dividend taxes were to increase it “would not have a significant impact” on Treasury funds due to the “small proportion of people” that receive dividends in the UK.  Mark Collins, head of tax at Handelsbanken Wealth and Asset Management, noted that dividends could offer an escape route for business owners to avoid the National Insurance increase. Business owners could work around the tax rise by paying themselves through dividends rather than a traditional salary, which is why the non-zero dividend income tax rates is set to increase by 1.25 percent as well. Mr Collins added that even if the National Insurance rise does fall through, like many hope it will, he predicts: “The dividend tax increases will proceed regardless.” He explained: “Typically, those in receipt of dividend income are business owners or those with investment income and are less likely to be on lower incomes.   As a result, proceeding with the rise in dividend tax rates would be less contentious in the face of increased costs of living that many are facing.”  This 1.25 percent dividend tax increase was announced last year and is due to be implemented from April 6, the beginning of the new tax year. Hilesh Chavda, private client partner at law firm Spencer West agreed with Mr Collins prediction saying: “I expect this increase to go ahead in the Chancellor's Spring Statement. The increase will affect people with larger shareholdings, those who are investing significant sums of money or business owners who pay themselves a dividend from their business. “The vast majority of voters will not be affected, so politically I would be surprised if the move was delayed." Entrepreneur and investor Neil Debenham argued that “drastic action must be taken” to support Britons during the cost of living crisis but this especially includes SMEs who are fighting an uphill battle to get back on their feet post-pandemic.  He shared: “Rishi Sunak will be feeling the pressure to announce help for households and businesses - a prospect he has been reluctant to confirm engagement with thus far. “SMEs have struggled unprecedentedly over the last few years, and this struggle is extended to individual households. In order to promote prosperity in business and within the home, the Chancellor must present a tangible and measurable solution. “The failure to advocate for, and facilitate, SMEs, will only exacerbate the problem.” Mr Debenham noted that whether directly or indirectly, the majority of UK households do benefit from SMEs and that providing lower business rates, grants, loans or safety nets can help.