The hand car wash sector has consistently been identified as an industry where workers are at risk of exploitation according to a new campaign. Workers across the UK are having to put up with poor working conditions and pay that equate to modern day slavery. Many car washes operate from unsuitable premises that discharge dangerous effluent into water courses and where staff are given ineffective protective equipment when handling dangerous and corrosive cleaning materials. And legitimate businesses are often undercut by those breaking the law, creating an unfair competitive landscape. The Responsible Car Wash Scheme (RCWS) is working with police in Leicester, Norfolk and Suffolk to clamp down on illegal car washes. A number of hand car wash sites in these areas have been identified as potentially breaking business, environmental and employment laws. The RCWS has visited them to find out the extent of the issues and inform the business owners of their obligations. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Teresa Sayers from the RCWS told Express.co.uk exclusively that: “The hand car wash sector is frequently revealed to have workers at risk of exploitation ranging from poor working conditions to modern day slavery. “Legitimate businesses are often undercut by widespread non-compliance which has far reaching implications for workers and the environment. “We are working to make car wash operators aware of their obligations and help motorists choose a compliant car wash.” She said that members of the public should avoid car washes that demonstrate: - A suspiciously low cost: anything under £9 for a small car exterior wash is unlikely to be viable if workers are receiving the national living wage. - A request for cash only and a refusal to accept other methods of payment. - A lack of protective clothing and equipment for workers: for example, operatives should be equipped with gloves and waterproof shoes. - Signs of living quarters on site – for example a caravan. She said that any motorists who spot any of these signs can send information via the Safe Car Wash app which will help alert the necessary authorities. Tim Passmore, Suffolk’s Police and Crime Commissioner, said: “Unfortunately there remains a number of criminal and unscrupulous operators who use forced labour and/or illegal immigrants to support their activity. “These ‘employees’ are often domiciled in appalling conditions and trapped in this horrendous way of life. “It is so important for customers to only use the service provided by companies that trade legally to stop this exploitation of vulnerable workers." He added: “I completely support the Responsible Car Wash initiative, and hope criminal operators are prosecuted and punished accordingly.” The car wash industry is estimated to be worth around £1billion. However up to 8,000 car washes are thought to engage in illegal activity according to Auto Express. Cleaning agents can cause chemical burns to workers, while untreated wash water has “toxic effects” on animal and plant life.