Max Verstappen has warned F1 fans his “opinion is not going to change” over featuring in Netflix’s popular Drive to Survive TV series. Verstappen said “quite a lot of things are wrong” with the show such as the portrayal of drivers on the grid. He warned “people get the wrong idea” about drivers and added he would “prefer not to be a part of it”. The series has been credited for boosting F1’s popularity in countries such as the United States which led to a packed out race in Austin last year. Demand for a second US race saw Miami added to the calendar with tickets selling out in just 40 minutes. However, Verstappen has reiterated his distaste at the show in an interview with the Associated Press. Verstappen said: “You as a person, you are trying to build a brand, just by being myself. But then a series like that can just put you down completely different just because they like it like that and I think that is very wrong and I prefer not to be a part of it. READ MORE: Verstappen angered Italian press with Ferrari 'cheating' claim “Not all, but quite a lot of things are wrong. People get the wrong idea about a certain person of how they actually are, they don’t know because they are new to the sport and they just watch the series. My opinion is not going to change.” McLaren star Lando Norris has also warned the show puts some comments “out of place”. He added: “When you’re the person that it’s about, you maybe don’t agree with it so much because it can make you look like you said something in a time and place which is definitely not correct.” Earlier this week, F1 chiefs said they would talk to Netflix and drivers over the direction of future series. DON'T MISSHamilton, Leclerc and Verstappen told to expect Saudi GP 'crash fest' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen says Red Bull 'still looking into' Bahrain GP problem [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner lambasted for war of words with Toto Wolff [INSIGHT] Much of the debate has been around its creative licence with drivers claiming the show fakes some rivalries for entertainment. F1 boss Stefano Domenicali said: “There is no question that the Netflix project has had a very successful effect “In order to ignite the interest of a new audience, a tone was used that in some ways focused on dramatising the story. It's an opportunity, but I think it needs to be understood. We talked about it this weekend [in Bahrain] at a meeting with the teams as well. “A driver who refuses to participate because he feels he is not being represented in the right way is not being constructive; so a dialogue is needed to understand how he can be included in a format that he feels is correct.”