Liverpool still may be on for the quadruple this season after their Carabao Cup victory against Chelsea, but Jurgen Klopp has been told that his side could have been 'impeccable' if not for one transfer mistake. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been that his side would have been 'impeccable' if not for one transfer mistake. There's no denying that Liverpool have been revolutionised by Klopp since his arrival in 2015, and their Carabao Cup final win against Chelsea on Saturday is the latest trophy addition under the German. Klopp has brought the Premier League to Liverpool after a 30-year wait for a title, and a sixth Champions League has also been secured during his tenure. Liverpool are in hot pursuit of Manchester City in the Premier League this season, and there are even suggestions that they could be on for the 'quadruple', but Klopp has been told that his side could have been 'impeccable'.  JUST IN: Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up - EXCLUSIVE That's according to former Liverpool star, and fellow German Dietmar Hamann, who thinks that Klopp made a mistake heading into the new season without replacing Georginio Wijnaldum. The Dutchman left for free in the summer despite Klopp wanting him to stay, and Wijnaldum headed for Paris Saint Germain to link up with the French giants. Liverpool opted not to replace him, and instead signed centre-back Ibrahima Konate from RB Leipzig in the summer, but Hamann believes that his former side are missing that midfield option. Hamann told Genting Casino: "For me, this is one of the best teams in history, not only for Liverpool, but in English history. DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours  "The only thing that’s probably missing this season is Wijnaldum. He hasn’t been replaced. He didn’t play every week, but when he did play he so often scored goals. "And that’s probably the type of player, the only type of player that is missing because Keita hasn’t really done it, Oxlade Chamberlain hasn’t really done it, Thiago has been very injury prone, when he comes on he does the job but for me that’s not enough. "For the time he’s been there, it hasn’t been enough and a Wijnaldum like player is the only thing that’s missing to make the team impeccable." Despite losing Wijnaldum, Liverpool have already secured the first domestic trophy of the season, and they remain just six points behind Premier League leaders City with a game in hand. Liverpool are also in a comfortable position in the Champions League as they beat Inter Milan 2-0 in the first leg of their knockout tie, with Klopp's side one of the favourites for the competition.  Klopp may not have replaced Wijnaldum, but a more senior role has been given to the likes of Naby Keita and Curtis Jones in his absence, and Harvey Elliott has been given a deserved run in the team. The 18-year-old started regularly in the midfield trio before suffering a horror injury in September, but the youngster has hit the ground running again since his return. Wijnaldum is certainly a miss for Liverpool, and the Dutchman was a fan favourite around Anfield, but just like with the loss of Adam Lallana the season before, Klopp's side had to refocus and adjust. Liverpool may not have signed a new midfielder, but they have strengthened at both ends of the field as Luis Diaz was brought in this January after Konate's arrival in the summer. Diaz was one of the standout players as Liverpool beat Chelsea at Wembley, as Klopp's side look as close to 'impeccable' as ever before, despite Hamann's claim. 