The latest episode of the hugely popular CBS drama kicked off with a bittersweet moment between Dr Jimmy Palmer (played by Brian Dietzen) and his wife Breena (Michelle Pierce), who was revealed to have passed away from COVID-19 in the previous season. Thankfully, the NCIS duo were able to share one last moment together, and Brian has opened up about their dreamy reunion. Dr Jimmy star Brian has revealed more about the dream sequence which reunited him with his character’s late wife, Breena. The 13th episode of season 19, The Helpers, kicked off with a blissful yet fleeting vision of Breena in a picturesque field. Unfortunately, it’s soon revealed Jimmy had passed out after inhaling a deadly biotoxin and was picturing his wife while he attempted to regain consciousness. Michelle’s last on-screen appearance as Breena was way back in 2015, so the cold open offered fans some well overdue closure. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Moreover, it provided an excellent chance for Brian to catch up with his on-screen love interest several years after their last appearance together. He told TVLine: “One of the big reasons why I wanted to put this [scene] in there was because Jimmy never got to say goodbye to his wife on-camera, and the audience never got to see her and say goodbye either.” It seems Brian himself had a hand in bringing Michelle back to screens for her final farewell after some fans reacted poorly to her unceremonious exit just over a year ago. While it may have been difficult to bring back recurring guest stars during Covid restrictions, viewers were nevertheless shocked when the writers opted to kill Breena off rather than waiting to bring her back at a later date. There will still be some who refuse to accept NCIS’s controversial decision, but hopefully seeing Breena one more time will help recover some of the goodwill the series lost with its fans last year. “The reasoning behind that is not just to give a cool cinematic opening,” Brian continued. “I wanted to have Michelle back to the set, and she wanted to come as well. Thankfully, Michelle leapt at the chance to reprise her breakout role as Breena one more time, in spite of the slim chance of returning to NCIS after her death. DON'T MISS:Mood creator ‘didn’t identify’ with Sasha [INSIGHT]Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INTERVIEW]Grey’s Anatomy: Teddy and Owen ripped apart after fallout? [SPOILERS] Her co-star added: “The fact that we were able to have Michelle come back was just such a blessing, as she definitely has been one of my favourites to work with on the show.” Plus, Monday’s episode also checked in with Jimmy’s daughter Victoria (Elle Graper), who got more than she bargained for when she visited her dad in the NCIS office. Brian recalled: “It also was a way for us to have the three of us — myself, our daughter and Breena — all in one episode, albeit we weren’t together all in the same scene.” It could also help Jimmy through his grieving process, as fans have noted the mourning forensic specialist is still wearing his wedding band in NCIS’s most recent episodes. “I’m moving on,” he revealed. “And I can do that because my wife is telling me it’s time for me to not to live in the past with this anymore and be more present as a father.” Fans loved seeing Victoria’s interactions with Jimmy’s NCIS colleagues, so hopefully this won’t be the last time the show delves further into his life outside the laboratory. Jimmy certainly bonded with Victoria after he and Kasie (Diona Reasonover) were nearly killed by the biotoxin, so she could become a more regular presence in the coming weeks. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be confirmed.