A young girl died after spending days with no water, power, or heating as Russia’s bombardment of the city continues. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky announced the six-year-old’s death yesterday in his video address before officials confirmed the girl's name was Tanya.   Mariupol, home to 430,000 residents, is the scene of a humanitarian crisis as attempts to evacuate civilians and deliver badly needed food, water and medicine through a designated safe corridor have failed. Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk has stated the city is in a “catastrophic situation”. The city's mayor Vadym Boychenko commented on the devastating news of Tanya’s death. He said: “Her mother was killed. We don’t know how long the girl was fighting for her life. READ MORE: Tory MP's son to join British ex-servicemen on Ukrainian frontline   “We can’t imagine how much suffering she had to bear. “In the last minutes of her life she was alone, weak, frightened, thirsty.” Mr Boychenko stated the young girl’s death was only “one of many tragic stories of Mariupol, the city surviving in a blockade for the past eight days”. The statement from the mayor revealed Tanya had no water, electricity, heating or mobile connection while sheltering from Putin's attacks. DON'T MISSGB News: Boris should stay as PM due through Ukraine crisis [REVEAL]Washington deem Poland’s fighter jet offer ‘untenable’ [UPDATE]Kamala Harris slammed over push for electric cars - 'Slap in the face' [INSIGHT]   The city’s mayor continued: “Russian invaders have cynically left the city of half a million without water, light, heat and communications. “All routes into the city are blocked. “All efforts to deliver food and medicine to the residents of the city were blocked by the Russian army.” Hundreds of thousands of people in Mariupol have been sheltering without water or power for over a week.    Many tried to flee along a safe corridor, however, Ukraine said they came under Russian fire. Ukraine’s Foreign Ministry spokesperson Oleg Nikolenko wrote on Twitter: “Ceasefire violated! Russian forces are now shelling the humanitarian corridor from Zaporizhzhia to Mariupol.” Meanwhile, Ukraine has stated Russia’s offer for humanitarian corridors which lead to Russian or Belarusian territory were unacceptable.  