Workers aged 18-34 have already had over five employers each on average despite being less than halfway through their careers, research from AJ Bell revealed. Having multiple jobs often means multiple pensions to manage. People with lots of different pension pots could find them difficult to keep track of, which could then mean they miss out on income in retirement they forgot they had. The number of ‘deferred’ pension pots in the UK is expected to surge from around eight million in 2020 to 27 million in 2035. Britons could potentially benefit from consolidating their pensions, but only 15 percent of people say they have done so. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, commented on the trend of workers building up more pension pots. He said: “While Baby Boomers born post-World War II might have had only one or two employers in their career – potentially offering generous guaranteed defined benefit (DB) pensions – the younger workforce is increasingly transient. READ MORE: Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - list of qualifying groups “In fact, the average Millennial – who might be less than halfway through their career - is likely to have changed employers five times already. “With further job changes inevitable over the coming decades as careers progress, the average number of jobs younger people have throughout their working lives is set to hit double figures. “Given automatic enrolment requires employers to offer a workplace pension to all eligible employees, it is increasingly likely people will have retirement pots scattered across various providers.” A Pensions Dashboard is set to be introduced which will show a user their pensions information online, securely and all in one place, but it is not expected to be up and running until 2023. DON'T MISS'Bumper state pension increase’ on the way - DWP makes fresh commitment to pensioners [PENSION]State Pension to hit £10,600 in biggest rise ever - Sunak in HUGE triple lock decision [ALERT]State pension update as over 14,000 Britons get backpayments - could you get £9,506? [UPDATE] Mr Selby said: “Pensions Dashboards should eventually make life easier by allowing savers to view all their pensions in one place, online. “However, it will still be up to individuals to take the bull by the horns and combine their pensions with a single provider.” He explained how Britons can consolidate their pensions if they wish to do so. Mr Selby said: “The good news is that, in most cases, switching to a new provider should be fairly straightforward. “You can open a SIPP online in as little as 10 minutes and, once you’ve done that, all you’ll need to do is enter the details of the scheme or schemes you want to transfer. The provider you are moving your money to should then do all the legwork.” “If you’re having trouble tracking down your old pension, the Government’s free Pension Tracing Service may be able to help. Visit www.gov.uk/find-lost-pension or call 0345 6002 537 for more information.” By consolidating pensions, Mr Selby believes people can make their retirement savings easier to manage. He said: “Of those who have combined their retirement pots, the vast majority (61 percent) said the primary reason was ease of management. “This is no surprise as managing lots of pensions with different providers and different online log-ins is, frankly, a bit of a nightmare.” Another reason to consolidate pension pots could be the prospect of paying less in charges. Mr Selby explained: “There are other benefits to consolidating, particularly if you have money saved in older pensions which tend to have higher charges. “Savers can cut their charges and boost their pensions – potentially significantly – by switching to a modern, lower-cost provider. The impact of this can be huge over the long-term. “Take someone with a £50,000 pension pot who pays 1.5 percent in total charges and enjoys 4 percent investment growth per year. After 30 years, their fund could be worth around £105,000. “If instead they had paid 0.5 percent in charges and enjoyed the same 4 percent growth, their fund could be worth £140,000 – a third more.”