A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman has revealed that doctors warned her that she may never have children after a six-year struggle to conceive. The 46-year-old spoke candidly about trying for a baby with her husband Jon Boast but explained that the couple were met with difficulties. The Channel 4 presenter admitted she was "completely blasé" about getting pregnant and assumed she would conceive naturally. The property expert shared that she had a "vision" that giving birth would somehow happen for her. But when Jasmine began trying for a baby at the age of 34, it was far from an easy journey. She admittedly kicked herself believing that she had started the process "too late". READ MORE: Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo Three years later, the on-screen star made the decision to seek IVF treatment but felt there was a stigma attached to it, so she decided to keep it quiet. Jasmine explained: "At the time it felt there was a bit of stigma and I didn’t want to talk about it publicly. "It really meant a lot when I was trying to get pregnant to do so naturally and I had acupuncture, health supplements and did all these different techniques because I really wanted to get pregnant naturally." Opening up about a benign tumour that was discovered by doctors, Jasmine added: "I had a few issues, with an ovarian cyst, they call it tumour, but it was completely benign.  "They wanted to check that before I could go for IVF." Fortunately, the treatment was a success and Jasmine got pregnant during her first round of IVF. She explained: "I had no side effects at all, I got pregnant at the first cycle and had three embryos frozen, the next time we tried it didn’t work out and the third time we tried with a frozen embryo – that was Albion – I always tell him that he was frozen. "And the fourth time, we also tried and didn’t survive the thawing." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast[LATEST]Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission[TV]Naga Munchetty's sad farewell as colleague steps down after 40 years[FAREWELL] "So it wasn’t completely plain sailing, but we are very grateful to only have to have one cycle and have two lovely children," Jasmine said on the Made by Mummas podcast. The A Place In The Sun presenter has since welcomed two children, daughter Joy and son, Albion. Jasmine and her cameraman husband, Jon, met on the set of A Place in the Sun and eventually married in 2009. The proud mum occasionally posts family snaps to her social media of her family. Speaking candidly about her relationship, Jasmine recalled: “We met on the very first episode. Jon was the cameraman, and we were just working together for the whole of the first series. “It was Jon’s first TV job too, so Jon and I were both thrown in together. “It was a slow burner and we just fell in love. We became really good friends and that has been the basis of a really good relationship.” A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.