Anne Diamond is a British journalist and broadcaster who currently hosts the weekend breakfast show on GB News with Stephen Dixon as her co-presenter. She has spent over 30 years working in the media industry and during that time, she has openly admitted she has struggled with her weight. In recent years, Anne has slimmed down, and tonight, she appears on Celebrity Mastermind showcasing her weight loss. Controlling her weight has never been easy for Anne; 16 years ago, she ballooned from a size eight to a size 20 when she was hit by a series of personal tragedies. She previously admitted: “I'm an emotional eater. My weight is the one part of my life I haven't got a handle on, but considering what I have been through, stress has to come out somewhere. I comfort eat.” After years of bingeing, Anne lost four stone in 1999, and launched The Diamond Plan exercise video. Three years later, when she appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, Anne was back up to a size 18. In 2004, Anne lost weight again and published an eating plan called A New You alongside an exercise DVD. READ MORE: Camilla's 'anti-ageing' diet - 'avoids back pain' with supplements Controlling her weight has never been easy for Anne; 16 years ago, she ballooned from a size eight to a size 20 when she was hit by a series of personal tragedies. She previously admitted: “I'm an emotional eater. My weight is the one part of my life I haven't got a handle on, but considering what I have been through, stress has to come out somewhere. I comfort eat.” After years of bingeing, Anne lost four stone in 1999, and launched The Diamond Plan exercise video. Three years later, when she appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, Anne was back up to a size 18. In 2004, Anne lost weight again and published an eating plan called A New You alongside an exercise DVD. But once more the pounds crept back on. In 2006, Anne who tipped the scales at 15st, took part in ITV’s Celebrity Fit Club. She and several other famous faces were set a series of physical challenges in a bid to help them lose weight. For Anne however, the results weren’t happening fast enough and that’s when she revealed she had previously had weight loss surgery. She explained: “I have had a lap band operation. I did it last year when everything looked very bleak and I thought I would never fight my way through my weight problem. “I would not have gone ahead had it not been an act of almost desperation. thought, 'I've done everything I can to battle this weight. It won't shift. DON'T MISS...Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure [PICTURES]Weight loss: 'Avoid cravings' and shed 20lbs in 12 weeks [GUIDE]Three vital weight loss rules: Essential tips from a personal trainer [EXCLUSIVE] “The danger of yo-yoing again was very real, so I had to do something pretty desperate. “People don't realise how many times I've tried to lose weight and failed. I got to the point where if I didn't do something I was going to get unhealthy. “I went to Belgium to have a gastric band and they didn’t fit it right.” Frustrated and determined to lose more weight, Anne decided to have a gastric band fitted in the UK. This proved more successful and Anne said she felt “brilliant” because of it. “Being slim and fitter, because I have been working out, makes me feel younger, more confident and a lot more lively,” she told the BBC. “I know being slim isn't everything - losing weight doesn't automatically solve all your problems - but it helps enormously to know that I am healthier.” and she opened up about it back in 2017 during an appearance on Loose Women. She revealed: “As everybody knows I've been down that path and all these years later and while it helps, it's helped hugely - I think without it I would be the size of a house. “Usually it's [the band] there forever because it's very well known that if you take it out, you haven't learned anything up here [taps her forehead]. “You've just had a physical restriction so if you have it taken out, most people put it [the weight] straight back on again." Anne then explained how she grazes on food "all blinking day" but hadn't realised before having the surgery how her relationship with food would change altogether. She said: "I've lost my love of food completely.” As for whether having a gastric band affects a person’s tastebuds, Anne replied: “I don't know, it's just completely wrecked my relationship with food. “I've met so many people over the years and they have said the same thing, it doesn't change anything in there. “But I think it takes years, if you've got a problem I think it probably takes 20 or 30 years to unlearn it and maybe you never would.” She concluded: “I would never argue against surgery, but I'm just saying there are pitfalls in it that you don't even think about and I don't love food anymore." Following the gastric band fitting, Anne slimmed down to a UK size 12-14.