Manchester United legend Roy Keane claims there are up to six Red Devils players who should never play for the club again. Keane unleashed a furious rant on his former side following their 4-1 loss to Manchester City on Sunday. City led 2-1 at half-time after a competitive first half at the Etihad. But once Riyad Mahrez had scored the hosts' third goal, it was cruise control. Mahrez added a fourth deep into second-half stoppage time on a dismal day for Ralf Rangnick's side. Former United right-back Gary Neville claimed on commentary that the players had given up after City's third.  And Keane agreed with his old team-mate, claiming the end of the game was "unforgivable". Keane said on Sky Sports: "I think the worst thing you can say about United, Gary mentioned it, is they gave up. For a player in a derby, in any game, to give up is unforgivable. "We saw all of United’s shortcomings today. There are ways to lose football matches, we've all lost football matches, but the way United lost the game today they stopped running, they gave up, players not running back. "The manager will be criticised and the tactics but players not running back when you're playing for Man United it's really unacceptable, it really is. They threw the towel in, which is shameful." DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Cesc Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake [SOCIAL]Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]  Keane then said how there was a large number of the players on show on Sunday that shouldn't play for United again but he didn't name the individuals. He continued: "I was getting really frustrated watching it. I can forgive mistakes but you've got to run back. "There were players, five or six players, and I was thinking they should never play for Man United again. Just shameful, shameful that you can't run back, that you can't put your body on the line." United's midfield pairing of Fred and Scott McTominay were two at the brunt of Keane's criticism.  On City's second goal, Keane said: "Look at Fred, you’ve got a midfielder stood there like he’s waiting for a bus, your instinct has to go back towards your own goal and defend, [Victor] Lindelof and [Harry] Maguire sure, but Fred, he’s just stood there!" And on Mahrez's late clincher, the Irishman added: "Look at McTominay, he seems an honest enough kid but at this level. "Tackle him! Get up against him and take him (Mahrez) out! That comes from within, not the staff or managers, it should be in your DNA as a player." Keane admitted there was not much else Rangnick could have done to change the outcome of the match. He says the blame lays at the door of the players but doesn't want to see them come out apologising for the result in the coming days.  "It’s no good having moments in games, the match is 90 minutes long you’ve got to do it all game long," he continued. "I don't think the manager could’ve done too much differently but by the time the substitutes came on, the fight was over. "I don’t know who’s running that dressing room. Look at Maguire, he had a poor game, is he having battles with Ronaldo, captaincy and all these things? "Egos come into it, you leave egos at the front door, these guys are all about how am I looking? Are my boots nice? Is my hair looking good? Play the game! "You’re at Man United, we’re looking at the fans behind the goal and they know, they’re not daft, this team we’re supporting have given up. "We’ll hear a load of rubbish over the coming days, we’ve heard it before, there’ll be statements, ‘sorry about that, we’ll try it again next week’, it’s what you do on the pitch that interests me, not all the other garbage." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 