Anne Hegerty’s replacement on Beat the Chasers has admitted he’s nervous about doing the Governess justice as he stands in for her throughout the upcoming series. It comes as Anne, 62, tested positive for Covid and so had to step down. The quizzing genius took to Twitter to explain to her 160.9k followers she was being forced to bow out from filming due to contracting the virus. “Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers,” she wrote. “The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on air later this year.” She added: “I feel fine, but I'm still positive! (in all respects).” READ MORE: Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' To this, 38-year-old Issa replied: “Massive massive shoes to fill. “This Supernerd will do his best not to let you down lovely Anne #BeatTheChasers #wheresmybowtie xx” The Chase fans have already thrown their support behind Issa. Sreshth Shah wrote: “I usually root for the participants in every episode but will be rooting for you this time.” Kathryn added: “You'll be brilliant, as always.” “You won’t need to try too hard Issa. You’ll be awesome,” gushed Susanna. But YouCrypto warned: “Anne and Darragh are by far the best chasers, you’ll have to be exceptional to be anywhere near her. Best of luck though g”. Issa has been a mainstay on the Australian version of the quiz show since it began in 2015. DON'T MISS... 'Been an honour!' Escape to the Chateau stars inundated with support[LATEST]The Chase's Jenny Ryan 'proud' of Mark Labbett's US replacement[TWITTER]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[TV] He is a quiz champion Down Under, an eight-time winner of the Australian Quizzing Championships and a seven-time Pairs champion. Anne's followers rushed to wish her well, and in one response, Anne admitted she thought she had been suffering from just a cold. . Twitter user @ian_bill67 commented: "My wife is an NHS nurse and has managed to avoid covid for the past 2 years, we had 3 nights in Iceland a few weeks ago and she caught it." "Yes, I too had swerved it for two years, assumed it was just a cold, did an LFT to be on the safe side..." the Chaser replied. Garreth Waites commented: "Get well soon Anne. And welcome Issa!" Bill added: "Well if you're not on it I'll probably give it a miss." (sic) Defending her colleagues, Anne replied: "You should absolutely watch it, it will feature six SUPERB Chasers." Another concerned fan called Chloe Cutler wrote: "Aww bless u Anne. My mum wanted to see u but she said hope u are well xx." (sic) The Governess said: "I'm fine, I just don't want her to catch anything! Makes no sense to kill off our core audience..." (sic)