Unfortunately, many passengers suffer from nausea during a flight. The condition can be particularly bad on long-haul journeys. A Reddit user asked: “What sort of things do flight attendants do if a passenger turns out to have significant air sickness?” One attendant said: “Move the passenger somewhere more comfortable if it’s possible, such as an empty row. “Open up the air vent and place a cold wet towel on their neck. Ask standard questions about when they started feeling sick. “Monitor frequently for any changes that might require medical help and comfort the passenger.” READ MORE: 'Absolutely gorgeous’ Spain’s best beach named Passengers might be lucky to find an empty row on a packed short-haul budget flight in the UK. One flight attendant shared an “interesting” tip that surprised some of the commenters on the Reddit thread. They said: “If you’re in flight pour a Coke into a cup then pass it back and forth from one cup to another 10 times. “By the 10th pass it should basically be flat. Have the sick person sip on the flat Coke very slowly.” One commenter said: “Interesting. I’d previously heard about using Coke to help settle an upset stomach, but hadn’t heard the suggestion about making it flat.” Another flight attendant said: “I do this but with lemonade. My grandmother’s trick!” One member of cabin crew added: “Citrus apparently helps air sickness. I learned a trick from another flight attendant to spread the juice of a lemon or lime on a hot cup and give it to the passenger to smell. “Passengers have told me it has calmed their nausea down in the past.” Most passengers will be familiar with the sick bags that airlines offer passengers who are taken ill. However, one attendant said: “I offer a trash bag instead of the mini vomit bags, extra napkins, a water for rinsing the mouth, a ginger ale and apple juice in case they want sugar to coat their stomach, and turn the air on them. “Cold air lowers the risk of airsickness which is why planes are kept on the cooler side.” If passengers have ever wondered why planes get so cold, it could be because the crew are trying to prevent air sickness. One passenger said they didn’t get motion sickness but had been struck down by food poisoning enroute. They said they had to keep running to the plane toilet to vomit and staff gave them a ginger ale. A plane is never an ideal place to fall ill but one of these flight attendant tips could help sickly passengers. It could be a good idea to buy a fizzy drink after security if a passenger is prone to motion sickness.