Smoking on cruises can be a controversial activity. Some US cruise ships have smoking areas in rooms such as the casino while others only allow smoking in designated outdoor spaces. In 1998, Carnival Cruise Line actually launched a non-smoking ship, Paradise, which even had ‘No Smoking’ signs on its hull. However, the non-smoking policy didn’t last long and was reversed in 2003 to include smoking areas. While smoking guests are no doubt grateful for the change in policy, other passengers aren’t so sure. One Reddit user ‘RavingRadtionality’ said they had taken a cruise on the non-smoking ship Paradise. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how elderly can get upgrade - 'I always give' They said: “My first two cruises, over 20 years ago, were on the Carnival Paradise and the no-smoking cruise was a big draw at the time. “They hooked me on cruising. However, having been on seven cruises since then, I have to say, it really didn’t make any difference to the smoking averse cruiser. “Other than the casinos themselves, which are painfully horrible to walk through thanks to the smoke-filled air, there’s no place on the ships where smoking presents a problem to me. “As long as I stay out of the casinos, every cruise has been equally pleasant.” Another Reddit user said: “As a non-smoker I do like ships that have a design so the smoke from the casinos doesn’t come into other parts of the ship.” One passenger added: “Making it so guests have to walk through the casino is great for the casino but not great for the guests that don’t want to be around smoke.” Many cruise lines don’t allow passengers to smoke on private cabin balconies due to safety concerns. In 2006, The Star Princess cruise ship set on fire off the coast of Jamaica with almost 4,000 passengers and crew onboard. The Marine Accident Investigations Branch concluded that the fire was most likely caused by a cigarette butt dropped from a balcony. Several cruise lines banned smoking on balconies following the devastating incident which killed one passenger. However, some cruises do still allow smoking on balconies but passengers must dispose of cigarette butts carefully. One guest said: “Our last cruise, we had a balcony and our neighbours sat out there and chain smoked the whole time. It was miserable.” Smoke can carry to neighbouring balconies which can be unpleasant for non-smoking guests. No cruise lines allow passengers to smoke in their cabins due to safety concerns and the risk of fires. Disney Cruises states that it will charge passengers $250 (£191) if they are found smoking in their stateroom. The fine will cover deep cleaning, carpet extraction, replacement of soft furnishings and air filter replacement in the cabin. Cruise holidaymakers should check with their cruise line for the latest rules on smoking.