Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur may have to pay up to €150million (£127m) if they want to sign Benfica striker Darwin Nunez. The 22-year-old forward has enjoyed an astonishing season for the Portuguese giants, netting 26 goals and two assists in 33 appearances for Nelson Verissimo’s side. 20 of his goals have come in 22 league appearances for Benfica, while his four goals in eight appearances have also helped drag Benfica to the quarterfinals of the Champions League. Nunez will likely spearhead their attacking line when they face Jurgen Klopp’s relentless Liverpool side on the 5th April. His intelligent movement and cutting-edge finishing ability has seen him emerge on the radar of several top teams in Europe. West Ham are believed to have bid a club record £60m for the Uruguayan international in the January transfer window, only for it to be swiftly rejected by Benfica. While the hefty bid from David Moyes’ side connotes an already stellar reputation in Europe, Nunez has switched into an even more spectacular gear, contributing seven goals in his last eight matches for the two-time European champions. His stellar form could mean Antonio Conte and Mikel Arteta’s side may have to offer double the Hammers’ record breaking bid they are to coerce him over to north London. READ MORE: Arteta must use Manchester City experience to keep Arsenal squad happy Portuguese outlet O Jogo, via Sport Witness, understands Nunez has a £127m buy-out clause that would allow him to depart Benfica, should it be matched. However, to the relief of both Arteta and Conte, the article also proceeded to say that a bid of around £68m could also be enough to sign him. While this fee could force Benfica to consider their options, his former manager Jorge Jesus once predicted Nunez’s future fee to surpass the £113m Atletico Madrid paid to sign Joao Felix in 2019. “He is a kid, he is 21 years old (now 22), there is a lot about the game that he does not know yet,” Jesus said in October 2020. DON'T MISS: Arsenal star Alexandre Lacazette called out in captains meeting (NEWS)Arsenal 'in position to sign Coutinho' but face same problem as Villa (TRANSFERS)Arsenal warned of big Rashford problem which could end interest (INSIGHT) “All this decision-making ability, finishing and speed…He was Benfica’s most expensive purchase, and when there is no pandemic, he will be the most expensive sale. He will be a world-class player.” Both Arteta and Conte are expected to be in the market for a new attacker when the summer transfer window opens on the 1st July. The Gunners were pipped to the signature of Dusan Vlahovic by Juventus, while Tottenham’s pursuit of Luis Diaz culminated in the Colombian forward joining Liverpool instead.