The Year 7 boy died on Monday after the East of England emergency service was called to Shoeburyness High School, with a spokesperson saying they believed the pupil had had a heart attack. Two ambulances, three ambulance officers and Essex and Herts Air Ambulance rushed to the scene and took the child to hospital but he was pronounced dead hours later. An Essex Police spokesman said: "We are currently on scene with colleagues from the ambulance service at a school in Shoeburyness, assisting paramedics with a medical emergency. "We were called by ambulance colleagues just before 1.20pm today following concerns for the welfare of a young person. "We are treating this as a medical episode." The East of England Ambulance Service added: "We were called at 1.16pm with reports of a child with a medical emergency in Caulfield Road, Shoeburyness. "We sent two ambulances, three ambulance officers and Essex and Herts Air Ambulance. "The person was taken to Southend University hospital for further care." A spokesman for the academy-run school said: "At lunchtime, there was a medical issue that involved one child; no other individuals were involved. "The ambulance and air ambulance service supported the child and were assisted by the police who then remained on-site as part of their protocol and to support staff and students. "We can confirm he has sadly died and out of respect to the family, we will not be commenting further at this stage. "The school will be open tomorrow and there will be specialist support in place as children will be spoken to about the situation first thing by their tutors." An email from the school to councillors read: "It is with sadness to report that a Year 7 boy was taken ill at the school today and taken away by air ambulance. "He has apparently suffered a heart attack, and unfortunately, he has been pronounced dead. "The school will remain open tomorrow, and we will try as far as possible to continue as normal, and we have asked for critical incident support and counselling to be made available."