UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has announced that the UK will be providing Starstreak, a high-velocity anti-aircraft missile system, and more than 4,000 anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainian armed forces. The weapons system is the fastest missile in its class in the world, operating at more than three times the speed of sound. Weighing just 14kg and designed to provide close air defence against conventional air threats, it can be hand-launched by troops on the ground. Systems can also be fitted to vehicles, helicopters or naval vessels. The announcement from the UK Defence Ministry came after a meeting of NATO Defence Ministers in Brussels yesterday. The meeting was called by the alliance's Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, in response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine. While in Brussels, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace also held meetings with the US, France, Germany, Italy, Turkey, Canada, Slovakia, Sweden and the Czech Republic. The UK has been supplying Ukraine with increasing numbers of weapons since Putin's invasion began on February 24 2022. Previously, 2,000 Anglo-Swedish Next-generation Light Anti-tank Weapons (NLAWs) were sent to Ukraine, which have been crucial in the country's defence of major cities such as Kyiv and Kharkiv. Other Western countries have also been supplying Ukraine with weapons, such as 300 Javelin anti-tank missiles sent by Washington as part of a $350million package to support Ukraine’s defence. The missiles, which cost $80,000 per unit, have been nicknamed Saint Javelin due to their effectiveness. READ MORE: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' The Netherlands are sending 200 Stinger air defence rockets and 50 "Panzerfaust 3" anti-tank weapons with 400 rockets. Germany has also pledged 1,000 anti-tank munitions and 500 Stinger missiles. This came after the country overturned its long-standing ban on exporting weapons to conflict zones. Belgium and Sweden are also sending anti-tank weapons, the first time Sweden has sent weapons to a country involved in armed conflict since the USSR invaded Finland in 1939. DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [REPORT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REVEAL] Panic erupts at 'creepy' orange sky - Saharan dust cloud covers London [INSIGHT] Russian forces have so far failed to take control of Kyiv, despite their military superiority, with some military experts saying that Putin's invasion is stalling. The US military has estimated that between 5,000 and 6,000 Russian soldiers have been killed. But Ukrainian armed forces say that the number is more than 12,000. So far, 1,300 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed in the conflict. Despite the West's efforts in supplying Ukraine with weapons, President Volodymyr Zelensky has called for NATO allies to do more to protect Ukraine. In a virtual address to Congress, Mr Zelensky reiterated his calls for the establishment of a no-fly zone over Ukraine. He said: "Friends, Americans, in your great history, you have pages that would allow you to understand Ukrainians, understand us now, when we need you right now. "Remember Pearl Harbor, terrible morning of December 7, 1941, when your sky was black from the planes attacking you. "Just remember it, remember, September the 11th, a terrible day in 2001 when evil tried to turn US cities into battlefields, when innocent people were attacked from air, just like nobody else expected it and you could not stop it. "Our country experiences the same, every day, right now at this moment." However, NATO allies fear that the introduction of a no-fly zone would directly pit NATO fighters against Russian troops, leading to an escalation of the conflict. Mr Stoltenberg said on Friday: "We've agreed that we should not have NATO planes operating over Ukrainian airspace or NATO troops on Ukrainian territory."