Speaking to broadcasters at the Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi, Boris Johnson said: "I talked to Volodymyr (Zelensky) again yesterday and of course, I understand what he is saying about Nato and the reality of the position. And everybody has always said - and we've made it clear to (Russian President Vladimir) Putin - that there is no way Ukraine is going to join NATO anytime soon. "But the decision about the future of Ukraine has got to be for the Ukrainian people, and Volodymyr Zelensky is their elected leader and we will back him. "And the most important thing is that Putin's aggression, his absolutely barbaric attacks on Ukraine should stop and they should not be seen to have succeeded, and they won't succeed." On Tuesday, Mr Zelensky expressed his frustration that Ukraine had not been allowed to join NATO, something which could have protected it from invasion because of the alliance's mutual defence policy. He said the alliance's "open doors" policy had not worked for Ukraine, READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: 'Putin in real trouble' as 'struggling' Russia suffering "Of course, Ukraine is not a Nato member, we understand that," he told the European leaders. "We have heard for many years about the open doors, but we also heard that we can't enter those doors. "This is the truth and we have simply to accept it as it is." He said other countries bordering Russia should think about their "independent defence capabilities" outside Nato.  "We are doing the best to get the jet fighters and missile defence systems. We need some new format, if we cannot enter the open doors (of Nato) then we have to co-operate with platforms and unions that allow us to do so." Western sanctions "are not enough" to end the Russian aggression, he said, calling for a full trade embargo. The president criticised firms which continued doing business with Russia and said "the world is silent" as nuclear power plants are captured and shelled. DON'T MISS Putin plots 'staged referendum' as Russia installs mayor in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Father angers wife after not telling her he went to fight in Ukraine [ANALYSIS]Nigel Farage slams Labour MP for dragging him into Russia debate [VIDEO] "Many international companies have not yet withdrawn from the Russian market although severe sanctions were introduced," he said. Such firms "don't care about the 97 kids who were killed so far". He called for Russian navy vessels to be barred from ports around the world and for all Russian banks to be excluded from the Swift financial messaging system. He said: "We have to acknowledge Russia as a rogue state and there has to be a trade embargo with Russia. This is something that we need and you need as well, just like the rest of the world, to make sure there is peace in Europe and Ukraine." Boris Johnson was leading the meeting of the Joint Expeditionary Force nations - Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.