Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has admitted he's unsure when Cristiano Ronaldo will return after their 4-1 defeat to Manchester City on Sunday. The Portugal international was absent from the match at the Etihad Stadium. And the Red Devils missed the 37-year-old, with Pep Guardiola's side cruising to victory. Manchester United were outplayed by Manchester City on Sunday, with their hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League dealt another blow. Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Maherez both bagged braces for the home side, with United only managing a consolation through Jadon Sancho. Before the game, reports surfaced saying Ronaldo would miss the game through injury. Rangnick then confirmed prior to kick-off that his talisman was sidelined with a hip flexor issue, though didn't elaborate beyond that. And the United boss has now confirmed he 'doesn't know' when asked when the likes of Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani were expected to return - with the Uruguay international missing the game as well. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "I don't know,” he said. “I was hoping to have them available for this game. “We have two important games coming up against Spurs and Atletico and we have to put our full focus on that." Rangnick also addressed United’s performance, which has been criticised by Sky Sports pundits Roy Keane and Gary Neville. And he said: "I think we played a good, if not decent first half. “We were competitive. Difficult to concede an early goal. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “We came back, scored a brilliant goal ourselves then conceded another on the counter. “It was a very difficult game against one of the best teams in the world. “We conceded a fourth in the last minute of the game. It is a difficult game that shows we have a long way to go to close that gap. "It was working. For us it was clear if we want a chance to win the game we have to do a lot of running. “You have to be in attacking and hunting mode and we did that in the first half. The third goal killed us off in the end.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Man City boss Pep Guardiola, meanwhile, was thrilled with his side’s performance. "It was excellent from the first minute,” he said. “We played really well and had to be patient in the first step. "Ralf [Rangnick] tried to change the mentality for Man Utd to be more aggressive but we made space, especially in the second half, to play behind [Scott] McTominay and Fred. "Football is emotions. It's tactics, definitely, but it's also emotions. Without the ball, we are a team with desire and passion to regain the ball from the first minute to the 90th. "We also want the ball as much as possible and, especially, second half we used it very well."