The 57-year-old was among a number of people who shared their memories of John Spencer, also the father of Princess Diana, the late royal and mother of Princes William and Harry. While the likes of William were attending a ceremony to commemorate the Duke of Edinburgh's death alongside the likes of Prince Charles, the Queen and Prince Andrew, The Earl Spencer posted a tribute to his own father on Twitter. He wrote: "John Spencer, my father, who died 30 years ago aged 68. "With thanks to @marinamaral2 for bringing colour so successfully to this treasured black and white photograph." Alongside the post was an image of John wearing his military uniform. It sparked a number of responses from royal fans, many sharing their own recollections of meeting John while he was still alive. Born in Paddington, London, in 1924, John held a number of influential posts throughout his life, including as a County Councillor for Northamptonshire, Justice for the Peace for Norfolk, and serving as equerry to King George VI, and latterly Her Majesty, the Queen. He also walked his daughter Diana down the aisle during her magical wedding to heir to the throne Prince Charles, in 1981. On Twitter, some users discussed their memories of that momentous occasion more than four decades ago. One wrote: "I remember him so well, walking proudly down the aisle of St Paul’s with [Charles'] beloved sister Diana, hand in hand." Another commented: "What a lovely man he was. JUST IN: Charles Spencer breaks silence after BBC’s ‘unreserved’ apology - ‘Gro "I worked for him at Althorp in '91 he always took the time to talk to you and he had a great sense of humour." While a third added: "What a lovely man he was. "I remember him I think it was on the morning of Diana’s wedding day, he was taking photos. "Obviously a very proud man that day." DON'T MISS:Inside Princess Diana's 90-room home Althorp House [INSIGHT]Princess Diana's favourite tiara was 'incredible' family heirloom [LATEST]Prince Charles’s 2nd marriage 'more successful' for three reasons [ANALYSIS] Earlier this month, Diana's younger brother also shared another message to with followers, this time a video showing swans and their cygnets swimming together. He wrote: "Good to see swans returning to nest at @AlthorpHouse – another sign of spring being in the air. "The first ones that settled here arrived the day after my father died, in late March 1992. Since then, we've had three decades of healthy cygnets." John sadly passed away in 1992, a year described by Her Majesty as her “annus horribilis”. That year saw a number of royal relationships breakdown, including that of Diana and Charles, Princess Anne and Mark Phillips, and Prince Andrew and Sarah Duchess of York. John had been suffering from a heart condition, though the issue was not deemed dangerous enough to stop Diana enjoying a trip away skiing with her young sons William and Harry. However, author Angela Levin noted in her 2018 book Harry: Conversations with the Prince, that while away, John's health got worse. And when Diana was watching William and Harry enjoy a snowball fight with their father Charles three days into the trip, her phone rang. Ms Levin wrote: “She answered it, went back to the window and told the photographers to go away.” Her father had suffered a heart attack. “He died almost immediately and, the hospital said, peacefully. He also died alone.” John passed away at the age of 68, in St John's Wood, London.