The Last Kingdom season five has climbed its way up the ranks in the Netflix top 10 and it marks the end of the historical TV drama. Despite the show coming to a close, a whole host of new characters were brought in to cause trouble for Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon). Fans may be keen to find out what happened to newcomer Rognvaldr (Micki Stoltt). The Last Kingdom opened with Sigtryggr (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) and his wife Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) leading their own community. Sigtryggr's estranged brother Rognvaldr returned and asked Sigtryggr to offer him a place of refuge, for himself and his people. Little did the Viking warrior know, Rognvaldr had been plotting with Brida (Emily Fox) to storm the kingdom and take down Uhtred's daughter, Stiorra. After Brida lost her daughter during the battle, she retreated, leaving Rognvaldr as one of Sigtryggr's captives. Sigtryggr could not bring himself to kill his brother, so he left his fate in the hands of the gods. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-star He made Rognvaldr hold onto a red-hot iron pole until his hands were blistered. As Rognvaldr's hands began to heal on their own, Sigtryggr decided the gods had spared him. However, Sigtryggr went on to meet his demise after he stormed the Saxon camp and was punished by King Edward (Timothy Innes). Uhtred was forced to kill his own son-in-law by stabbing him through the heart with his sword. Stiorra, who already had a toxic relationship with her brother-in-law, was heartbroken to see her husband die whilst Rognvaldr lived. Following Sigtryggr's death, Rognvaldr is not seen again, although he could make an appearance in the upcoming feature film, Seven Kings Must Die. York had been left under the rule of Rognvaldr after Stiorra refused to bend the knee to King Edward and rule the city in his name. Rognvaldr was seen making the most of his new leadership role and had been demanding ale from his subjects. Known for his selfish and disloyal nature, he is likely to become a troublesome leader in the future. There is a chance Stiorra could return to claim back York from her brother-in-law in the film Seven Kings Must Die. DON'T MISS... Who is Osbert in The Last Kingdom season 5? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: How does Aethelflaed die? [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: What happened to Uhtred's third son? [INSIGHT] Unless Rognvaldr is able to prove his allegiance remains in the right place, he will continue to gain more enemies. There could be a revolt by the people of York if they deem him an unworthy leader. Driven by his own self-interests, there is little hope he will do the right thing. Actor Stoltt is on Instagram and he has been sharing tributes to his character, with fan hr_sykes saying: "I binge-watched it all, and it was *amazing*. Rognvaldr is superb - amazing work." Teki.tkz added: "Unreal acting as Rognvaldr! Wish you the best."   Rognvaldr's character is an adaptation of Ragnall Ivarsson in Bernard Cornwell's The Saxon Stories. There is a high chance he could make an appearance in the show's follow-up film, which will bring Uhtred's storyline to a close. Uhtred and Rognvaldr did not see eye to eye, as Uhtred knew of the trouble he had caused his son-in-law. Rognvaldr will have to watch his back as he could face imminent danger. The Last Kingdom season 5 is on Netflix now. Seven Kings Must Die is in the making for the streaming platform.