Baking soda is an inexpensive but effective tool in any household cleaning arsenal, able to help lift stains, remove bad odours and generally clean. You can use baking soda for lots of surfaces around your home, however, it can be abrasive, meaning some materials may end up discoloured or damaged. Baking soda or sodium bicarbonate is a chemical compound with the formula NaHC03. Also known as bicarbonate of soda, the fine white powder is often used as a raising agent in baking, but more and more of us are using it around our homes. Baking soda can help shift stains, shine surfaces and even remove bad odours. However baking soda is not an all-purpose cleaner for all surfaces, and any using it should be wary of some effects it can have. Read More: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how With any cleaning product, you should be wary of what you mix baking soda with, as the resulting chemicals can cause bottles to explode. Mixing baking soda with an acid such as vinegar or lemon juice can create gas, which if stored in a sealed container could burst and injure you or anyone around. Before using any cleaner on a surface, its best to check whether it is suitable or could cause damage. There are several things that should not be cleaned with baking soda, and these are as follows. While some may advise using baking soda, manufacturers caution against using it on marble. Baking soda is mildly abrasive, and continued use on a surface like marble could erode the sealant. Instead, try and find specialist marble cleaners to ensure it stays looking its best for as long as possible. If you have used baking soda on marble surfaces and find there is damage, you can look for a filler that hides minor imperfections and then reapply sealer. DON'T MISSProperty: Kitchen interior trends to avoid - ‘can put buyers off’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share tumble dryer ice cube tip to stop creasing [ANALYSIS]Baking soda cleaning hack to soften ‘hard and crunchy’ towels [EXPLAINED] While many metal surfaces can be cleaned with baking soda, you should never use it to clean aluminium pots and pans. When baking soda comes into contact with aluminium the alkaline solution of baking soda reacts with the aluminium. This can cause your pots and pans to discolour. Instead, you can use warm water and dish soap, or for any stubborn stains, white vinegar or lemon juice will work a treat. Many boast of the shine baking soda can give silverware, however, you should be cautious. Some experts advise against using baking soda on antique silver as the abrasive nature of baking soda can ruin the finish. You should certainly not use baking soda on any pieces which contain turquoise or pearls. While the effects of baking soda on cooking stains and messes are well documented, you should take note of which cooker you have before opting for baking soda. If you have a ceramic glass stovetop, using baking soda can scratch the glass and even leave a white film behind which is hard to remove. If you’ve accidentally cleaned your ceramic stove top with baking soda, try white vinegar to remove the white film. 5. Glass Designated glass cleaners are always best when it comes to cleaning window and mirrors. Baking soda’s abrasiveness can scratch glass surfaces, damaging the shine. If you don’t want to splash out on a glass cleaner and fancy using something more natural, a mixture of white vinegar and water will do the trick. Use a microfibre cloth for the best results when cleaning any glass surface.