UK tennis chiefs are weighing up a £10m bid to gain the hosting rights for the Billie Jean King Cup Finals later this year. The competition, the women's tennis equivalent of the Davis Cup, could take place on British shores with the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) keen to capitalise on the popularity of women's tennis since Emma Raducanu shot to the fore. The teenager's shock success at the US Open last September saw her become an instant star, and created a new role model for young girls across the UK. LTA bosses want to build on that by bringing the Billie Jean King Cup – formerly known as the Fed Cup – to Great Britain. With around 100 nations competing from the early stages, it is the largest annual all-female sports competition in the world. As such, The Times reports that the LTA would see it as "a significant coup" if they can land the hosting rights for the Finals, which are set to take place in November. In total, 12 nations would take part, with the hosts guaranteed a place – meaning a potential first appearance in the Finals for the first time in almost 30 years. JUST IN: Tennis fans furious as ATP still to suspend Alexander Zverev The competition would begin with a round-robin-style group stage, with the top four teams qualifying for the semi-finals. The cost would be significant, with at least £9m needed for a prize pot without even taking to account the costs of staging such an event across multiple venues. But the LTA is believed to feel the time is right for such an outlay, as they will be able to use Raducanu's profile and marketing power to make it commercially viable. It would also provide a rare opportunity for British tennis fans to watch the national team in action on home soil. DON'T MISS:Andy Murray stormed out of taxi and walked after argument with coachEmma Raducanu faces last-minute Indian Wells decisionRoger Federer provides update on injury nightmare Only three games have been played in the UK since the last appearance in the finals in 1993 – the most recent being held behind closed doors in Roehampton last year. Top-level tennis is a rare thing in Britain outside of the grass court season, the ATP Finals used to be held regularly at the O2 Arena in London, but that arrangement ended in 2020. As it stands, apart from Wimbledon and the warm-up events for that Grand Slam, the only other event to take place in the UK this year will be the Laver Cup in September. That competition is the tennis equivalent of golf's Ryder Cup, with a team of European players taking on the finest stars that the rest of the world has to offer. A potential UK venue for the Billie Jean King Cup Finals has not yet been revealed, though arenas in London, Manchester and Glasgow would all be options. in order to host the competition, an indoor arena would need to be provided which has the facilities to hold two separate hard courts. Hosting the tournament might be the only way the British team can compete in the finals, as many of their rivals have far more top-level options for their teams. Captain Anne Keothavong only has five players in the world's top 160 to choose from, while the British No.1 Raducanu is still very inexperienced and has never played in this competition. She would most likely feature in the team, though, alongside the likes of Heather Watson, Harriet Dart and Katie Boulter.