Forecasters have said the worst of the winter weather has passed by Britain as we move into Spring, however higher pressure will see storms tracking to Europe moving into the UK instead. Charts and maps see the UK soaked with downpours over the week, before it clears by the weekend. According to WXCharts, Tuesday sees a blob of rain moving northwards into the south of England and Wales from Europe, with 2mm expected in London and 3mm in Cornwall by 9pm. By 6am on Wednesday, rain continues to move northwards into the UK, striking the midlands and Wales while continuing to fall over the south, with 1mm an hour expected in most areas. At the same time, a band of Atlantic rain pushing east also moves towards Ireland and Britain, striking Ireland on Wednesday evening and the west coast of Britain at 6pm on Thursday. This band, bringing snow over Scotland and up to 3mm of rain an hour over the UK, moves gradually across Britain from Thursday into Friday evening, before clearing by midday on Saturday. In total during the week, Bournemouth and Bristol are expected to see 45mm of rain pour down, close to 2 inches, while Belfast and Carlisle see 35mm and 42mm respectively. London sees 15mm fall in the period from Tuesday to midday one Saturday, while Scarborough mostly misses the wet weather set for the week to come. Tyler Ros, AccuWeather senior meteorologist, told Express.co.uk: “The pattern this week into next week is one that has not been seen much of this winter. “Much of this winter we have seen areas of high pressure in western and central Europe at times, which have deflected the storm track to the north of the United Kingdom. “Over the next two weeks, in general high pressure will set up east of the United Kingdom, largely in Scandinavia and in eastern Europe. “This will set up like a roadblock for storm centres wanting to cross the United Kingdom. Instead, these storms will get stopped over the United Kingdom, leading to periods of rain today through Friday. “Saturday there will be some lingering rain across the country, but compared to the previous days, it will be drier for many. READ MORE: Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin loses 6,000 troops to fierce Ukraine fight “Over the next 5 days, N. Ireland, Wales, southwest England, western Midlands, northwestern England, and western Scotland are expected to see higher rainfall totals (0.50-1.25 inches/13-32 mm) than eastern England and eastern Scotland (0.25-0.75 of an inch/6-19 mm). “High pressure is forecasted to move across the United Kingdom Saturday night into Sunday and set up over Scandinavia by early next week, which is likely to bring several dry and mild days across the United Kingdom. “The last third of next week we are likely again see storms try to enter northwestern Europe but end up being stopped across Ireland and the United Kingdom. “This is likely to bring another round of rain to much of the United Kingdom with again the highest amounts likely across the western half of the United Kingdom compared to the eastern half. “It is also likely it will get breezy in the second half of next week, but confidence is low on this.” “Over the next 5 days, N. Ireland, Wales, southwest England, western Midlands, northwestern England, and western Scotland are expected to see higher rainfall totals (0.50-1.25 inches/13-32 mm) than eastern England and eastern Scotland (0.25-0.75 of an inch/6-19 mm).  “High pressure is forecasted to move across the United Kingdom Saturday night into Sunday and set up over Scandinavia by early next week, which is likely to bring several dry and mild days across the United Kingdom.  “The last third of next week we are likely again see storms try to enter northwestern Europe but end up being stopped across Ireland and the United Kingdom.  “This is likely to bring another round of rain to much of the United Kingdom with again the highest amounts likely across the western half of the United Kingdom compared to the eastern half.  “It is also likely it will get breezy in the second half of next week, but confidence is low on this.” Jo Farrow, Netweather.tv forecaster, wrote for the agency’s website the “meteorological winter” is over, but some rains remain. She said: “High pressure builds in over the UK today, with a waving weather front lurking over the English Channel. “You can see the rain just at the bottom of the Radar image above which extends over SE Britain to start the day. “This patchy rain over East Anglia, London and the Home Counties fades by lunchtime but slowly, through the afternoon, the warm front pushes northwards bringing rain. “To Cornwall, south Devon and Dorset and then by evening rush hour just reaching Cardiff and along the M4 and M3. So for southern England today there will still be more cloud, patchy rain at times and a light NE flow.” The Met Office said in their forecasts Tuesday will see weather that is “cloudy with outbreaks of rain across south-eastern parts of England, and also returning north across other southern areas later”. They added: “Early frost and patchy fog across central areas, with a few showers in the north, then dry with sunny periods. “Clear spells allowing a frost and possibly a few fog patches in the north. Cloud and outbreaks of rain over southern areas edging into central areas later.” For Wednesday they said: “Dry and bright for Scotland and northern England at first, but cloud and occasional rain further south spreading to other western parts. Becoming breezy with strong winds in northwest.” In their outlook for Thursday to Saturday, the Met Office added: “Slow-moving band of cloud and rain on Thursday with the best of the brightness in the east and southeast. Becoming drier and brighter for many with overnight frost.”