Addressing the concern in a sarcastic manner, Mr Dolan slammed the party for snubbing the channel’s reporter while congratulating the new Labour MP for Birmingham Erdington. He said: “So I don't know why the Labour Party refuse an interview with GB News, a national current affairs network focused to a huge extent on British politics.  “And most importantly channel watched by up to two million people a week. In fact I'm normally beating Sky News about now.” The channel’s reporter Balvinder tweeted “Labour refused GB News an interview with Erdington by-election winner Paulette Hamilton - I was told earlier in the evening by Labour’s Steve McCabe that they won’t talk to us but she did speak to all the other media outlets.” Continuing with this bashing, Mr Dolan asked: “So why this rejection? Does the Labour Party not want to hear all voices? “Is the labour party, famously keen on diversity, less keen on diversity of opinion?  “Do they want to cancel this new voice in UK broadcasting? “They certainly cancelled that interview and my brilliant colleague Balvinder.” Former nurse and mother-of-five Paulette Hamilton, 59, won with a majority of 3,266. She picked up 9,413 votes, ahead of Conservative candidate Robert Alden with 6,147.  READ MORE: Mum with 'biggest eyebrows' reveals how she looks without them Mr Dolan further addressed Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and said: “I want to hear all voices on my show and we want to hear all voices on this channel. “So I would warmly invite the Labour Party to reconsider this decision and grant Balvinder her interview with the victorious Paulette Hamilton. “And I would love to extend an invitation to Sir Keir Starmer to appear on this show and to be my Mark Meets guest, which is the flagship interview slot on this programme. I’ve just drafted the email on this computer, I’ll send it in a second. “I do hope he will accept.If Labour cancels GB News, it’s cancelling you.  DON'T MISS:‘End of Covid’ SAGE stands down as UK enters new phase of pandemicBoris Johnson pledges ‘toughest ever’ sanctions against PutinRoyal Family LIVE: Photographer lets slip what 'miserable' Sussexes “Perhaps it doesn't like you, perhaps it judges you. Perhaps it doesn't want your vote. For the sake of our great democracy, I hope that's not the case and I look forward to being proved wrong. Sir Keir, over to you.”