  BBC Breakfast presenter Carol Kirkwood gave her social media followers an update about the weather next week. The expert warned that we could expect a steep drop in temperatures, as she urged viewers not to put away their warm clothes, despite the sunny conditions this week.    Carol, 59, shared her urgent weather warning with her 220,800 Twitter followers this morning. She wrote: “Don't put away your warm clothes just yet! “At the moment it looks like next Tuesday/Wednesday are going to be colder. “For some parts of the UK there will be a 10 degree drop in temperature compared to today @BBCBreakfast xxx.” READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home      Carol also included a picture of the upcoming weather forecast, which showed a steep decline in temperatures next Tuesday. Viewers took to the comments section to thank Carol for the update and to express their surprise. Bob wrote: “Oh ok thanks for the heads up Carol xxx Take Care.” (sic) Kerry Bacon penned: “Morning C. And there was me in a dress and tights yesterday!! Xxx” (sic)    READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS] Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS]   Jase Genders added: “I never do, April and May can be cold Carol.” (sic) On BBC Breakfast this morning, the meteorologist broke the disappointing news to presenters Dan Walker and Sally Nugent, who were also disappointed to hear about the forthcoming lower temperatures. Dan asked Carol to “hold on”, as she explained the sun might not be here to stay. She then informed the BBC host that he would need to rethink his wardrobe next week.      "Sal and Dan, you may not like this so much, but Tuesday and Wednesday next week - for some of us, the temperatures will be 10 degrees lower than they're going to be today," Carol explained as she wrapped up her weather report. "Hold on, hold on," Dan cut in. "Now I've put the big coat away Carol, you can't..." "You need to get it back out again, Dan!" the weather reporter joked. Dan continued: "I saw you with your T-shirt yesterday, I thought 'that's it, summer's here.'"     He added: "Okay, I shall heed your warning, thanks Carol." In early weather updates, the two presenters had hoped that Carol would continue to give them news of sunshine. Carol had previously said there would be "a lot of sunshine around". She went on to add: "It will feel pleasantly warm with gentle breezes." As the report concluded, Sally stated: "Thank you very much indeed, I love it when Carol talks about the sunshine.”   