Sophie is a busy mum of three young boys. She is passionate about inspiring new gardeners to give it a go and grow a garden. She shares her gardening tips and bargain finds on her Instagram account @lookinsidemygarden. She suggested growing Spanish Flags in the garden this year a new addition to her garden. Sophie said: "I like to try new varieties I haven’t seen before. "This year I grew Spanish flags which were new to me and they were incredible." Spanish Flags, or Ipomoea lobata, are fast-growing climbers with red and yellow flowers invoking its namesake. The flowers love well-drained soil and full sun. READ MORE: 'Easiest way to create an impact in borders': Gardener's top flower seeds to 'direct sow' When choosing flowers to grow in your garden, Sophie had some sage advice. She told Express.co.uk readers: "I always recommend growing what you like the look of and what suits your garden." However, practicality is important too. The gardening guru went on: "Have you got enough sun to grow dahlias? "Or if your garden is more shaded then foxgloves are great. There is so much choice." DON'T MISS'Look after themselves': Gardener recommends best 'low maintenance' plants [INSIGHT] Gardener's Calpol trick results in incredible sweet peas [HACK] Gardener shares 'summer bulb list' for the garden [EXPERT] On her favourite flower to grow, it was an easy choice for Sophie. She said: "Dahlias are my absolute favourite. " Sophie has a personal affinity for the plants, which she grows in beautiful abundance. "I started to grow them 10 years ago when I was on maternity leave with my first son," she said. "I suddenly had time and a new garden, I wanted to try a new hobby and grew my first dahlias from seed." Sophie discussed how to grow perfect dahlias like those in her garden. Her dahlia border is full of bright blooms. Sophie said: "My top tip for extra blooms is making sure that you pinch out your dahlias. "This gives you a bushier plant with more flowers." Seeds are a popular choice to sow in March, with gardeners propagating seeds inside or in a greenhouse, ready to go into the garden in the warmer weather. Seeds to propagate now include: Some hardly annuals can be sown outside in March if the weather is not too cold and wet. Plants to sow outdoors in March include: