Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, the cast and producers of the ITV drama recalled the way in which Graham Norton's novel was transformed into a TV series. Holding producer Karen Cogan opened up on one aspect which had been "perfect" as the crew faced struggles with the setting during the middle of the pandemic. Karen produced the series along with Dominic Treadwell-Collins, and the two explained the difficulties they faced. When asked about creating the fictional village of Duneen, which was filmed in Cork, Dominic admitted the task had been trickier than expected. "So, we looked at a few different places and the town we ended up using actually is very busy," Dominic commented. "We were always told the traffic was going to be diverted. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales "And so, it's not in real life the quiet, sleepy village that everyone thinks it is. "There was a ton of rush hour traffic and also, because of the pandemic, people were coming down from Dublin to holiday down in West Cork. "And there at about five o'clock every day, when we were trying to film there were hooting trucks. "Yeah, it's not the same [as what's seen on screen]." "Yeah absolutely," Karen agreed. "People are not like wondering down the road having casual chats." She added: "They would be mowed down by the constant trucks! "But we didn't construct buildings, we used what was there and then had an incredible art department who turned it all. "But we did use a lot of everything - a lot of it was physically there, and we had an incredible team." DON'T MISS... Phil Spencer gives tips for First Time buyers 'A seller's market' [EXCLUSIVE]Liam Payne baffles GMB viewers with odd accent [REACTION]Bargain Hunt expert David Harper details phrase buyers shouldn't trust [LATEST] The producer continued: "PJ's house was this perfect, incredible house. "But a little bit falling apart at the seams inside, but once we walked in we were like, 'this is it'. "Because it was so important that his house was right because it's the precinct and it's the heart of the thing. "I was probably a bit picky and annoying, so it was a huge amount of work but perfect in the end." Holding is set in the sleepy fictional village of Duneen which comes from Norton's original novel. The plot of the dark comedy-drama revolves around Sergeant PJ Collins (played by Conleth Hill) whose job is to oversee how the minor, unimportant issues of residents in the area are dealt with. However, when human remains are discovered, it is up to PJ to find out what happened. Holding continues on Monday at 9pm on ITV.