Ben Spann is originally from Leamington Spa in Warwickshire, where he runs an anti-knife crime charity. He travelled to Ukraine with four ex-British soldiers, leaving his wife and 16-year-old son behind. The father-of-one, who has no military experience, told them he was going to Poland to support Ukrainian refugees. But when he arrived it became clear to them that the trip was "a bit of a suicide mission". When his wife found out about the true purpose of his trip, Mr Spann said she was "pretty p*ssed off". Speaking to Sky News, the 36-year-old said: "I was getting some real grief off my wife and my son. "My son was doubting whether I even cared about him, why I was doing this - same with my wife." He spent five days in Ukraine in a safe house in the western area of the country. They stayed there while awaiting a weapons delivery but it failed to turn up. Mr Spann said the experience was like "walking into a crack den in England". Three days after their arrival, the safe house was stormed by 10 members of a "Ukrainian SWAT team", where they were reportedly interrogated with "AK-47s". READ MORE: British sniper in Ukraine says Putin being 'absolutely hammered' According to the Sun, the incident occurred because they had not signed up for Ukraine's foreign legion before entering the country. The following day, they attempted to get weapons at a military base but failed to acquire any. Mr Spann claimed he saw two dead bodies of Russian soldiers propped up at a checkpoint, an experience he described as an "eye-opener". He has since returned home to the UK, telling Sky News that his wife threatened to "kick me out". DON'T MISS: North Korea, Iran and China forming nuclear 'axis' of horror [REVEAL] MoD provides harrowing update as horror map exposes brutal onslaught [INSIGHT] Macron slated after 'cringe' photoshoot 'channelling inner Zelensky' [REACTION] He said: "My wife was pretty p* off saying she was going to kick me out and this, that and the other.” "My son's okay. "He never went through the anger process. "I just think he was happy and glad I was back out of there." In February, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called for foreign volunteers to help fight Russian forces. This came after Vladimir Putin declared war on Ukraine on February 24 2022, launching a full-scale invasion of the country. Sergei Ryabkov, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister, said that any weapons deliveries to Ukraine from the West would be seen as legitimate targets. Russia’s Defense Ministry also threatened to target foreign mercenaries after Russian forces fired missiles at a NATO base near the Polish border.