Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) have made no secret of their desires to start a family in recent seasons of NCIS Los Angeles. And the husband and wife duo haven’t ruled any possibilities out, including the possibility of adoption or fostering in order to make their family unit. However, in the upcoming double-bill on CBS this weekend, the pair will be left heartbroken to learn the possibility of looking after Rosa (Natalia Del Riego) will seemingly fall apart. Rosa first crossed paths with Kensi when a mission across the Mexican border earlier in the season placed them both in danger from a mysterious military group. Kensi’s motherly instincts kicked in as she pulled out all the stops to get Rosa to safety in the US, eventually assisted by Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and Deeks to do so. Once across, Kensi was keen to learn more about Rosa and what her future held, with Deeks revealing she’d have to go to a federal intake facility in order to find her relatives Stateside. But the caveat was that if no one could be found, Rosa may need foster parents, something Kensi definitely entertained as she insisted at the time: “We can’t let her go back.” READ MORE: NCIS LA viewers swoon as General Hospital alum makes guest appearance And Deeks echoed his wife’s concerns telling her they “weren’t gonna let that happen” and promising his other half they’d “stay on top of it”. Fast-forward to this weekend’s double-bill, Bonafides and Pandora’s Box, and Deeks and Kensi are readying themselves to take on the next steps to see Rose safe in their care. However, a sneak peek at the episode shows they’re to be left devastated as Rosa will not be reunited with the two - for now at least. In the sneak peek, the pair arrive at the facility to meet with Rosa only to hear a voice behind them shout: “Kensi Blye?” “I’m Elliot Reynolds, Rosa’s case manager,” the employee, played by Christine Horn, explains. “Hi,” an eager Kensi answered. “This is my husband, Marty Deeks. Is everything okay?” “Everything’s fine but Rosa’s not here,” Elliot says, prompting a confused Deeks to enquire: “Oh, her request was confirmed two weeks ago…” Kensi’s enthusiasm is quickly transformed into anguish as she worriedly asks: “Yeah, where is she?” DON'T MISS:Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS final seasonJason Antoon wife: Who is the NCIS Hawaii star's famous spouse?NCIS NOLA’s CCH Pounder lines up exciting new role “Barstow,” Elliot reveals before dropping the bombshell: “We found a distant aunt that lives there. She picked her up late last night.” Deeks fails to hide his own anguish as he puts on a brave face and fumbles: “That’s great about the aunt, not the Barstow - because Barstow is… it’s beautiful this time of year.” An apologetic Elliot tells the disappointed pair: “I meant to call you but I’ve been slammed. I’m sorry that you had to make a trip for nothing. Have a nice day.” But before Elliot can walk away, Kensi needs reassurance and shouts: “Is she going to be okay?” Elliot candidly informs them: “These kids have all been through hell. “They relive every night as they’re falling asleep and then when they wake up they explain in every horrible detail again to us. “I can’t tell you that Rosa will be okay, but she’s with family and has a good case for asylum. That’s the closest to okay most of these kids can get. “I’ll tell her you said hi,” Elliot concludes as a broken Deeks replies: “Please do.” Will this mark the end of Deeks and Kensi's fostering dream with Rosa? How will the pair's family plans bounce back? NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.