The Mercury-Pluto sextile, which means the planets are positioned in a 60 degree angle from one another, prompts the opening of new pathways for growth. Whenever sextiles form, they always stir a sense of ease, clarity and assistance, which can help aid you through difficult situations. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today. As the sextile forms in the early hours of the morning, clarity will prevail and your ability to see more layers of a situation will heighten. You may discover new information that gives you an edge, or the truth of a matter you may have previously avoided may come to light. Cafe Astrology said today is "a powerful time to look more deeply into a topic. We benefit from being patient and strategic in our decision-making, and we’re willing to look beyond the surface of things. “Conversations are probing, investigative, and meaningful, and we may come to an improved psychological understanding of our lives.”  READ MORE: Meghan and Princesses Anne & Beatrice share an 'honest energetic aura'  This, therefore, deems today a good time to let go of something that has kept you bound or stuck in a difficult position. Awash with heightened lucidity, you may feel intense thinking and conversations start to brew; leading you to become more driven and dominating in your approach, which could line conversations with a serious tone. However, the earthy Capricorn Moon will keep you calm, grounded and non-threatening - and actually quite convincing. Astrology King advised: “This is the best time of the week for solving mysteries, uncovering secrets, study, research, and sitting exams.”  However, it’s not all doom and gloom, as the Sun will continue its orbit in the sign of Aries throughout, helping to balance out the energy with an essence of exaltation and liveliness. The Moon will continue its transit of grounded Capricorn the remainder of the day until it enters open-minded Aquarius at 12:56am on Sunday, which will help you take a step back from the intensity. If you find yourself deep in an ordeal today, the Aquarius Moon will give you that intuitive hit that comes from objective Aquarian thinking.  DON'T MISS: Horoscopes & love: Virgo urged to ‘resolve conflict’ [INSIGHT]Leo is 'the centre of attention' but 'appearances are deceiving' [ANALYSIS]Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours [EXPLAINED]    Cafe Astrology said: “When the Moon is in Aquarius, reactions are more intellectual than emotional, and interactions are more impersonal than personal, under this influence. “This is a time that promotes social gatherings, dealing with group ideals and goals for the future, brainstorming, new ideas, and progressive changes.” So make sure to wipe the slate clean this evening and take on Sunday with a fresh, free-spirited perspective. 