Claiming a free TV licence each year could end up saving pensioners hundreds of pounds. Pensioners who receive Pension Credit may be entitled to a free licence. A colour TV licence currently costs £159 per year. However, certain pensioners may be able to get their licence completely free by claiming Pension Credit. Pension Credit is a benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions to pensioners who are on a low income. The benefit provides people of state pension age with extra income each week. READ MORE: ‘I am concerned!’ Martin Lewis issues warning to every household earning under £30,000 It also opens the door to various other benefits which pensioners may be able to get as a result of claiming Pension Credit. A free TV licence is one of these key additional benefits. Pension Credit claimants who are aged 75 or over can claim a free TV licence. People who live with a Pension Credit claimant can also get a free licence. DON'T MISSNationwide offers 2.5% interest on savings but building society warns 'limited time only’ [SAVING]POLL: Do you actually want Rishi Sunak’s mandatory energy bill ‘loan’? [POLL]TV licence: How to get 50 percent off your bill or get it for free [INSIGHT] The licence will cover everyone at an address. Britons do not have to wait until they turn 75 to apply, they can do so when they are 74. They will still need to pay for their licence until they turn 75, but claiming early could prevent any delay in receiving the benefit of a free licence. Applications for a free licence can be made online via the TV Licensing website. Alternatively, applications can be made over the phone by calling 0300 790 6071. Anyone wishing to claim Pension Credit, as a means of getting a free TV licence or otherwise, will have their income assessed to determine whether they are eligible, and if they are, how much they could get. Depending on the level of support someone is entitled to, they could possibly get their weekly income topped up to £177.10 if they are single, or £270.30 if they are in a couple. Applications for Pension Credit can be made online via the Gov.uk site. Britons can also apply by phone on 0800 99 1234. Postal applications are also accepted. Anyone wishing to apply by post can do so by sending a completed claim form to the Pension Service. Claims can be backdated for three months, meaning someone may be able to get up to three months’ worth of Pension Credit with their first payment.