As pressure was heaped on Home Secretary Priti Patel last week - who'd be well advised not to wear shoes with too sharp a heel as the ice beneath her grows thinner by the week - the hapless Home Office introduced a new policy which would appear to make applications to travel to meet up with families already in Britain easier. But it won't be ready until this Tuesday. From Windrush to the immigration crisis to the plight of these Ukrainians, the Home Office has once again cemented its reputation as the most hapless and hopeless part of Whitehall. And given the grotesque inadequacies witnessed so frequently, that really is saying something.   Having run for your life and the lives of those you cherish, to stand a chance of getting into Britain you have to fulfil a myriad of demands such as creating your own online account, providing proof that you had lived in Ukraine before January 1 this year and translate this all into English. No wonder only around 1000 of the 22,000 applications have so far been processed. The UK website also advises you go to "visa centres" in Paris or Brussels, but fails to provide any addresses. It was announced a visa-processing centre was opening in Lille, 70 miles from Calais. In Calais, Border Force were turning away refugees. But in fact the centre opened in Arras, an hour from Calais, two from Brussels and three from Paris. Little wonder this mixture of bungling incompetence and downright heartlessness has made headlines around the world. And this from the nation that in the past has been a beacon at times of refugee crises, such as the exodus of Jewish people in the run up to and during the Second World War, and more recently the expulsion of Ugandan Asians and people fleeing the fall of Afghanistan. Little surprise then that Left-wing commentators seize on this and try to lay the blame at the door of Brexit. This, they say, displays the "hostile attitude to foreigners" that is supposedly so rife these days. In truth it is nothing of the sort. The amount of money raised in this country dwarfs every other nation on the planet. People are bulk-buying nappies, milk formula, clothes and just about everything else imaginable so it can be shipped to Ukraine. This is nothing to do with Little England - rather it is to do with the Big Failure of our politicians.  Remember when this crisis first developed? Immigration Minister Kevin Foster suggested desperate Ukrainians could be treated the same as seasonal fruit pickers. Last week he even cited the 2018 Novichok attack in Salisbury by Russian intelligence officers as a need for rigorous security. He clearly thinks a young Ukrainian mother with a babe in arms and a toddler clinging on behind is a Russian sleeper agent. God help our levels of so called "intelligence and espionage" at the moment. As the week progressed the number of visas that had been granted shifted at a snail's pace as other European countries moved promptly to help. Before you think that can be explained away by the fact they are on the mainland, the deeply embarrassing truth was that Ireland welcomed three times the number of people the UK managed. As this bloody conflict is played out, which do you find more disgusting? The continual shelling of innocent civilians by a maniacal despot? Or a nation that once prided itself on tolerance and its record on human rights, effectively bolting the door in the face of desperate folk and putting up the closed sign? The new system starts this week. It has to work, otherwise Britain will be remembered for turning its back on those who needed help the most.  A COST of living crisis is heading our way, with the weight and damage potential of a meteorite. Heating bills will soar and if you've pulled up to the petrol or diesel pumps lately, you'll have seen the petrifying price increases. Indeed, it pays to move as quickly as possible on the forecourt as the price might increase while you're "mid-fill". This has to be addressed by Chancellor Rishi Sunak in his Budget. THE downfall is complete, and while I neither enjoy nor rarely indulge in kicking a man when he's down, it has to be said it is thoroughly deserved. The investigation into claims of bullying and unacceptable behaviour could not have been more devastating for former House of Commons Speaker John Bercow. There was a dossier of 21 complaints laid against him, and all were upheld. They included foul language, bullying and cruel mimicking.  He will forever now be branded as a serial bully and a serial liar. The damage this man did to the country must not be forgotten. Bercow can now be seen to have presided over a "rotten parliament"... and even encouraged it. The planned hike in National Insurance - worth £410 to the average worker - must go and the "Covid temporary uplift" of £20 be reinstated, and paid for by scrapping the recent pay rise awarded to MPs. You know it makes pounds, shillings and sense. OUR Foreign Secretary tells us we should go to fight in Ukraine, then denies the words ever came out of her mouth. Meanwhile, we have a Home Secretary who doesn't know the difference between Arras and Lille. Playtime is over for Liz Truss and Priti Patel. Time to get the professionals in. Send for the troops - promotions please, when appropriate, for Ben Wallace and James Heappey whose military backgrounds ensure they're well prepared for a scrap. WITH EUROPE on the brink of such ghastly conflict, it serves us well to remember why we love the Continent. The cuisine, history, people and, of course, wine are surely key reasons, and this is a fine example. The Extra Special Côtes de Provence French rosé is £6.75 at Asda.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has issued an apology to women who suffered under Scotland's Witchcraft Act of 1563, and is to pardon the thousands of its victims - many put to death - in the 16th to 18th centuries. Given Scotland's zooming Covid caseload, maybe Nicola should be focusing more on the living right now. The Cardiff Philharmonic Orchestra has removed all Tchaikovsky's work from an upcoming concert as Russian music is "inappropriate at this time". Tchaikovsky died over a century ago. I doubt the beleaguered folk of Ukraine are going to be dancing The Nutcracker or Swan Lake to celebrate this posturing nonsense. 