Car tax zones have become more popular in recent years with major cities like London and Birmingham implementing emissions-based areas. The launch of Birmingham’s Clean Air Zone and the expansion of London’s Ultra Low Emission Zone have shown the Government’s intention for cleaner air. In both of these locations, private vehicles can be charged up to £12.50 to drive in the city centre each day. According to Finder, during the 12-year period from 2012 to 2024, the average revenue increase is 5.32 percent per year, or £700million from one year to the next. It is expected that drivers looking to avoid daily charges will switch their vehicles to low or zero emission vehicles, potentially using leasing, hire or rental services. A spokesperson for SIXT, one of the world’s largest car rental companies, spoke of the emphasis it puts on low emission vehicles. READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, they said: “SIXT has branches all across the UK, including the clean air zones (Birmingham, the LEZ in Glasgow and London’s ULEZ). “Due to its modern fleet it ensures its vehicles are meeting all emission standards and customers benefit from not having to pay fees. “The same applies to our car and van fleet in the UK. “Additionally, SIXT are committing to increasing their electrification of the fleet which will reduce emissions further. DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] “In the UK specifically we will add more fully electric cars than ever by year end.” SIXT offers drivers the opportunity to choose fully electric or hybrid vehicles when booking transfers. Some of its most popular stations are near airports including London Gatwick and Heathrow as well as Glasgow City Airport. Further Clean Air Zones are expected to be launched this year, including Bristol, Bradford and Greater Manchester following the delay of its original launch in May. Oxford recently launched its Zero Emission Zone, which charges all petrol and diesel vehicles, including hybrids, with electric vehicles not facing any daily costs. Many involved in the project hope it will be successful with other cities taking note and applying the same measures, potentially resulting in more charges for non-electric cars. Konstantin Sixt, Co-CEO of Sixt SE, said: “We are also investing heavily in the expansion of our range of e-vehicles and are aiming for a 12 to 18 percent share of electric and hybrid vehicles in our global fleet by 2022. “We are broadly positioned and flexible at the same time. We offer premium, together with high efficiency. “We are known for our ability to adapt our business to changing conditions within a very short period of time. “We will continue to consistently pursue this strategy in 2022 and drive our growth. In doing so, we will continue to be a driver of innovation.” The rental company highlights its electric vehicles as having “better access” to cities, especially London by relieving drivers of the costs of entering the ULEZ and Congestion Charge zones.