 IAM RoadSmart’s annual Safety Culture Report suggested that speed camera technology could be used to monitor valid insurance policies, MOT checks and vehicle tax offences. With new technology available to speed cameras for the police, councils and safety partnerships, drivers are supportive of the implementation of this change to cameras across the UK.  As of April 2021, there are around 600,000 cars that currently do not have a valid MOT. Any potential changes would make roads safer by increasing fines going out to those without relevant insurance, MOT or tax documents. Nearly 90 percent of motorists surveyed supported the idea of safety cameras being used to spot those who decide to flout the rules and drive illegally on public roads without the required documentation. Some drivers, however, may be concerned with the privacy issue of having data available for the police to access. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  Neil Greig, Director of Policy and Research at IAM RoadSmart, commented on the data and how, if implemented, it could lead to fewer road offences. He said: “As with previous years, the results from our Safety Culture Report demonstrate that law-abiding citizens are totally in favour of a zero-tolerance approach when it comes to catching those who are a menace to other motorists on UK roads. “However, despite the vast majority of drivers agreeing for several years now that we should be using the widely available technology, we have at our disposal to catch illegal drivers, many police forces are yet to leverage the equipment to its full capabilities. “The inconvenience, as well as pain and financial misery uninsured drivers often inflict on other road users should not be overlooked, meaning we should be doing all we can to deter and punish drivers who think the rules don’t apply to them.” DON'T MISSNew parking law would see drivers charged £550 per space [SHOCKING]Fears that overhaul of car tax system would hit working class [WARNING]New car tax zone could see drivers hit with fines up to £480 [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile, there was also support among respondents for more fines to be handed to those who decide to exceed the speed limit. More than eight in 10 agreed that cameras should automatically fine drivers who go more than 10mph over the limit in school zones and urban areas. There was also support for similar schemes to be enforced for those who decide to exceed the speed limit in residential areas and motorways, albeit to a lesser extent. Data from the RAC shows that 56 percent of drivers admit to breaking the speed limit on motorways with a third of those confessing to having travelled at speeds in excess of 80mph.  If this technology were to be introduced, millions of drivers could be slapped with fines. Even more could be affected if technology were to be introduced which could also monitor MOT, insurance and vehicle tax status. Mr Greig continued, saying: “It is well known that enforcing ‘paperwork’ offences often leads to the detection of other more serious crimes. “This is why we support drivers in their calls for cameras to be used against those who violate the rules of the road.”  “Speeding is simply unacceptable, and it’s encouraging to see that the public are largely in support of looking for new ways to identify motorists who are endangering the lives of others. “Introducing automatic detection will deter drivers who are tempted to speed, which in turn will help reduce the number of casualties on our roads.” The minimum penalty for speeding is a £100 fine and three penalty points added to a driving licence. This could increase to as much as £1,000 for speeding, or £2,500 if they were caught speeding on a motorway. If the case goes to court, road users could be disqualified from driving or have their licence suspended.