Shane Warne had secret hopes to rekindle his relationship with Liz Hurley, he admitted in a touching interview before his death. The cricket legend died last week from a suspected heart attack in Thailand, where he was on holiday. He was 52 years old, and his death certificate cited “natural causes”. One of Shane’s most famous high profile romances was with model Liz, who he dated from 2010 until 2013, briefly getting engaged before calling it quits. He told the Daily Star: “I’ll always care about her and would be there if she needed me. We had something very special. “I regret none of it and now have a special friend forever. Who knows what the future holds? READ MORE: ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence “Maybe the romance and relationship will one day come alive again.” After the devastating news of ‘Warnie’s’ death, Liz paid tribute to her former flame. Alongside a photo of the pair from when they were together, Liz penned: “I feel like the sun has gone behind a cloud forever. “RIP my beloved Lionheart." During an interview with The Mirror, Shane admitted he looked back on those days fondly. “I was more in love with Elizabeth than I'd realised I could be,” he said. "I miss the love we had. My years with Elizabeth were the happiest of my life." In the same interview, he confessed he would sometimes get jealous of the time Liz spent with her ex Hugh Grant, having remained good friends with the actor after their 2000 split. DON'T MISS... Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine[LATEST]‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak[INSIGHT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle[NEWS]  “The long periods apart were too difficult. The more you're apart, the more you ask questions. I got jumpy about the time Elizabeth spent with Hugh Grant, for example,” he said. In Shane’s 2018 memoir, No Spin, he admitted he wanted to find love again and leave “drama” behind. He said having three grown up children made him realise he needed to mature. “For most of my life I didn’t consider consequences,” he wrote.   “But as a father of three grown-up children I sure have to now, otherwise their maturity will go past mine. “The truth is that I want to share a life with a wonderful woman, not be a lonely old b*****d turning up on news bulletins here and there. “The more I think back to my time with Elizabeth, the more I reflect on how rewarding a good relationship is. “I can think of nothing better than being in a strong relationship and caring for each other.”