Outlander season six has been put on hold for quite some time now with the coronavirus pandemic causing filming delays. The Starz period drama was last seen in February 2020 and now, more than two years later, the adaptation of Diana Gabaldon book series is coming back for its sixth outing. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about watching the latest season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander. The cast and crew of Outlander have, much like other shows across the world, struggled with the restrictions caused by COVID-19. There were various delays in shooting which has pushed back the return date and led to the elongated break from fans' screens being referred to as "Droughtlander". Thankfully, this is almost over as the first episode will premiere on Starz in the USA and Starzplay in the UK via Amazon Prime Video on Sunday, March 6. Season six's premiere episode is going to be feature-length, with a running time of 90 minutes. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Previously, Outlander series has been made up of either 12 or 13 episodes each. Series six was expected to be the same but because of the problems caused by the pandemic, this won't be the case. In fact, this upcoming series will be the period drama's shortest ever with just eight episodes in total. A new instalment will air every Sunday with the grand finale expected to be out on Sunday, April 24. This is terrible news for fans, seeing how long they have had to wait for its return. But there is a silver lining as Outlander has already been confirmed for a season seven. Whereas series six is based on Gabaldon's novel A Breath of Snow and Ashes, season seven's stories will come from her follow-up book Echo in the Bone. Production is expected to start soon on series seven with a possible late 2022 or early 2023 premiere date. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust  [SPOILER]Outlander’s Richard Rankin shares concerns series wouldn’t return [CAST]Outlander season 6 release time: When does Outlander start on Starz? [RELEASE TIME] Outlander's creators are already well aware viewers are going to be disappointed with just an eight-episode run. So to further soften the blow, it has been announced that the seventh outing is going to be the drama's longest yet with a whopping 16 episodes. In a statement, Matthew B Roberts said: “We are excited to get into the editing room to work on bringing the fans one step closer to reuniting with the family back on Fraser’s Ridge. “Filming in 2021 has presented an unprecedented set of challenges which led us to the decision to truncate the season in order to bring the fans the most vibrant and dynamic season as soon as possible. “We will then film an extended season seven with 16 episodes next year as life returns to normalcy.” As a new series begins, new characters will be welcomed to Fraser's Ridge. They will come in the shape of the Christie family, made up of Tom (played by Mark Lewis Jones), Malva (Jessica Reynolds) and Allan Christie (Alexander Vlahos). Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) already knows Tom but how will their arrival impact the community's lives? Outlander season 6 premieres on Sunday, March 6, on Starz in the USA and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.