Comedian Janey Godley, 61, said that she is feeling “less bleak” after receiving her third round of chemotherapy and is accepting that “exhaustion” is going to be a part of her cancer battle. The Scot was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in November. She underwent a hysterectomy in the hopes that would be an end to it.However, after the gruelling operation she was told that the cancer had progressed to stage three and spread beyond her ovaries.As a result, Janey has received more chemotherapy and lost her hair as a result.In a candid update shared on Saturday, Janey told her 250,000 followers: “My mental health feels less bleak after chemo number three. READ MORE:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase “Just accepting that the exhaustion is going to be part of the process and not a sign of physical weakness has helped me understand this process.  “Thanks everyone who has been supporting me through this.”Hundreds of Janey’s friends and followers took to the comments to send their well-wishes.Actress Emma Kennedy penned: “Your body will always tell you what you need and if it’s telling you to lie down and do nothing, then you need to lie down and do nothing. You’re doing great Janey.” Ozzy wrote: “I wish I could take some of it from you, Janey. All I can do is send my love. Take your time, go with it and accept you and your body need to rest. I know it's horrible, but it will be worth it, I promise.”And Belinda penned: “One day at a time. Good days and awful days. But you are uber loved and respected. Take good care.”Janey added that doctors have planned three more rounds of chemo.Last week, the comedian opened up about the toll her treatment was taking on her body and mental health. DON'T MISSAlex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White[LATEST]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[INSIGHT]'It's sad' Karren Brady on Oprah Winfrey being hailed as a role model[NEWS] She shared a black and white selfie of herself and wrote: “It’s another day, the world seems terrifying.“Putin is punishing innocent people and the chemo is battering the cancer inside me. Sometimes I can’t see how I will make it through this year.“I won’t stop trying is all I can say. #MentalHealthMatters #chemo."Janey shaved her head with the help of her husband, Sean Storrie, last month. In a series of hard-hitting photographs, Janey looked directly at the camera as her husband took the shaver to her head.Despite the emotional situation, Janey said that the pair managed to have a laugh nonetheless.She wrote: “My husband has performed his first ever hair trim, with gentle care and I think he’s done a good job!“Husband asked me 'need anything for the weekend?' And yes, I giggled #chemo.”