Lorraine Kelly discussed the latest royal news with royal editor Russell Myers on the Monday instalment of her ITV show. The Scottish presenter admitted she didn't "understand" why Prince Harry will not be attending the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London on March 29 while confirming he will visit the Netherlands for this year's Invictus Games. Russell explained Harry has released a comedy promo video for this year's Invictus Games. In the clip, he tries to learn Dutch while wearing orange to celebrate the games being held in the Netherlands. Describing the video, he said: "He's in orange in his Californian mansion to launch Invictus Games which is that fantastic initiative he's had for injured service personnel. "But many people are saying, 'How can he go to the Netherlands and not come over and see his grandmother?' Read more: Robson Green pays tribute to Grantchester co-star "Of course, his two kids are missing out as well but those rows are still ongoing for him and the rest of the family." Lorraine commented: "It's really a shame he can't be there with his family. "That would build bridges so much and we saw him there in the colours of the Netherlands. "What he does with the Invictus Games is absolutely terrific." "If he can go there next month and not come here at the end of the month," Lorraine quipped. "Anyway, I don't understand, I really don't," she added. A spokesperson has confirmed the Duke of Sussex will not attend the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London at the end of the month. Although a reason was not given for the absence, Harry is currently pursuing a legal challenge against the Home Office. DON'T MISSLorraine Kelly breaks silence on ITV evacuation [INSIGHT]‘Oh my god!’ Lorraine Kelly taken aback by ‘awful’ health realisation [INTERVIEW]Ryan Reynolds swears on Lorraine as he discusses new co-star [VIDEO] The Duke of Sussex launch legal proceedings after being told he cannot be given the "same degree" of protection when visiting the UK despite offering to pay for it. Since stepping down from royal life, Harry returned to the UK last July for the unveiling of a statue dedicated to Princess Diana. A spokesperson said on Friday the Duke of Sussex hopes to visit his grandmother soon. It was also confirmed on Friday the Queen will not attend the Commonwealth Day service on Monday. The service which will take place at Westminster Abbey will be attended by Prince Charles in the Queen's place. The Duchess of Cornwall, Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge and the Queen's first cousin, Princess Alexandra will also attend. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will no longer be in attendance after the Duke tested positive for Covid. Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.