The Queen is said to be particularly fond of her youngest son and his wife. Sophie wed Edward in 1999 and they now have two children, Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn, and the couple have been a crucial support for the Queen in the last few years. Sophie has stepped up to fulfil key royal duties on behalf of the Queen on a number of ocassions, despite not being a working royal. Upon marrying the Queen’s youngest son, both Sophie and her new husband were granted the same privilege as other royal newlyweds as the Queen bestowed a new title upon them. They became the Earl and Countess of Wessex, supposedly because Edward wanted the title after watching Colin Firth play Lord Wessex in the film, ‘Shakespeare in Love’. However, Sophie had originally had another title in mind. Writing in Vanity Fair, royal commentator Katie Nicholl claimed: “The Countess of Wessex had wanted to be known as Princess Sophie, but the Queen would not allow it.” It’s likely the Queen rejected the attempt for a different title due to the protocol and tradition that goes with the royal title of Princess. Only women born directly into the Royal Family are known as Princesses, such as Princess Charlotte, Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice — they are all directly descended from the Queen. Sophie, on the other hand, married into the Royal Family so her titles are always related to her husband's -- she is known as the Countess of Wessex because Edward carries the Earldom. Similarly, she could use the title of Princess Edward of Wessex, but could not use her own first name as it would suggest she was born a royal. She is not the only royal newcomer who tried to secure the Princess title, according to Ms Nicholl. She claimed: “Despite being given the title of Duke of Cambridge, William let it be known on his wedding day through one of his key aides that he wanted to continue to be known as Prince William. By default, Kate is likely to be addressed as Princess Catherine. READ MORE: Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' “It will, no doubt, rattle some cages within the royal hierarchy.” However, this prediction did not come true, and the couple continue to go by their titles as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge — even though there was an initial attempt from William’s PR team to get the public to refer to his wife as a Princess. The Daily Telegraph claimed in 2011: “Paddy Haverson the Prince of Wales’ communication secretary, suggested the public be encouraged to use the names Prince William and Princess Catherine if they preferred.” However, the name ‘Kate’ has stuck rather than Catherine, and the royal is still known as a Duchess rather than a Princess. It’s thought that William’s team had planned to cast Kate in the same light as the beloved late Princess Diana. DON'T MISSRoyal feud: How Charles fumed about Edward and Sophie’s status [INSIGHT]Prince Edward was hit by same treatment as Meghan and Harry over brand [EXPLAINED]Why Sophie Wessex was 'upset' when Camilla married Prince Charles [EXPOSED] However, it’s worth noting that Princess Diana is not her correct royal title. She was Diana, Princess of Wales, from her wedding day, because she married Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales. Then after her 1996 divorce from Charles, she was able to keep hold of her title as the Princess of Wales but was stripped of her HRH status as she no longer represented the Queen. Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, is technically now the Princess of Wales, but does not use that title out of respect for the late and beloved Diana. Kate — like Sophie — could call herself Princess William of Wales, if she preferred, after husband. This is a title used by other women who married into the Royal Family, such as Princess Michael of Kent. Yet, after 10 years of marriage, Kate is unlikely to switch titles until her husband William is invested as the Prince of Wales, upon Charles’ ascension to the throne. When that day comes, she may choose to call herself Catherine, Princess of Wales, but that remains to be seen.