The Duke of Sussex spoke via video link with two members of the Halo Trust currently in Ukraine. He heard how Olesia, Halo's communication manager in the war-torn country, and Maryna, the charity's monitor and evaluation officer, have been creating viral information campaigns to let Ukrainians know how to recognise dangerous ordnance. His mother was famed for her charity work with volunteers who clear landmines from areas previously at war. Speaking from California, Prince Harry said: "Perhaps you can tell people the work you guys have been doing on social media. "My understanding is that the social posts you've been doing about unexploded ordnance and the videos have been seen by over 17 million Ukrainian is that right?" Explaining the aim of her work, Olesia replied: "Yes, it's right. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "We aim to spread it right across the country so that every Ukrainian can see that this item is hazardous. "Seeing the number of people who saw this and our campaign, it inspires us to keep working and inform people." Her colleague Maryna also said: "Yeah, that's really really important because right now we see the use of cluster munitions and scatterable open mines so we needed to inform people how to recognise explosive devices, and even just some parts of those so that adults and children, they can say stay safe." Upon sharing on Twitter a clip from this conversation, the Halo Trust said the call had taken place last week. READ MORE: Meghan fans fume at 'DupliKate' as Duchess accused of 'copying' style In another clip from this conversation shared a few days ago, Prince Harry praised Olesia and Maryna's courage for deciding to remain in their homeland and carry out a vital job despite the ongoing war. He told them: "You are going to continue to do the work that is so desperately needed, for Halo, for your families and for your country. "Thank you for being so brave and so amazing." The Halo Trust is the world's largest humanitarian landmine clearance charity. Since 2016, its staff has been in Ukraine in an effort to clear military ordnance. Prince Harry has been collaborating with Halo for years. During the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's last tour as senior royals in 2019, Harry retraced the footsteps of his mother Diana who, in 1997, famously walked through a partially-cleared minefield in Huambo, Angola. At the time, she put the spotlight on the plight of people maimed by munitions and campaigned to bring about a worldwide ban on landmines. Earlier this month, Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, announced to have made donations - through their non-profit Archewell Foundation - to a number of organisations working in Ukraine. The Halo Trust was among those named in the statement. The war in Ukraine started on February 24, when Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an invasion of the country. Over the past few weeks, there have been multiple, verifiable incidents of cluster munitions being used in urban areas, as reported by fact-checking news website Bellingcat. These weapons have been banned by more than 100 nations, which joined the Convention on Cluster Munitions - but neither Russia nor Ukraine are signatories of this pledge. The UN’s human rights office said on Saturday 847 civilians - including 28 children - have been confirmed dead in Ukraine since the beginning of the conflict. However, the organisation added it believes the actual figure of casualties to be "considerably higher". Last week, the mayor of Mariupol, a city in eastern Ukraine that has been relentlessly attacked by Russian troops, said he believed up to 20,000 may have been killed over the past few weeks.