The Cambridges have just wrapped up the last leg of their royal tour which has seen them visit three Caribbean nations. The tour formed part of celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. Notably, throughout the tour, Prince William, 39, and his wife Kate, 40, have added a personal and lighter touch to their social media presence. This includes posts shared via their Kensington Royal channels written in the first person - and without the use of their royal titles. A post dating from Tuesday reads “We’ve arrived in Jamaica”, while another from later in the trip appeared to be penned by William himself: “Catherine and I only wish we had more time to spend with you all in Jamaica.” While undertaking their tour, the accounts have shared numerous images of the royals including snaps of them visiting ancient Mayan ruins and ones from a community football match with footballer Raheem Sterling. Others showed the couple putting their scuba diving qualifications to good use by visiting the second largest barrier reef in the world. The updates from the account almost appeared more immediate than on previous royal tours - regularly appearing daily. Jo O’Reilly, digital brand strategist at Salience, believes the change in approach is an attempt to “modernise” the royal image for younger audiences. She claims the change in tone acts as a “soft-rebrand” for the couple, as they take a more casual and “natural down to earth” approach to royal formalities. READ MORE: Prince Charles and Camilla show off their moves on Ireland visit She goes on to add the Duke and Duchess may also be utilising their social media channels to “control their own narrative” amid a series of controversial protests during the tour. She told Express.co.uk: “The change of tone on the Kensington Royal social accounts appears very much like a soft-rebrand or digital code-switch, ditching the formalities for a more natural down to earth approach is almost certainly deliberate. “The couple have come under some pretty serious scrutiny on social media throughout this visit, with Jamaican campaigners calling for the pair to apologise for colonialism, and social media users sharing an image of the couple from 2012 being carried on thrones during a previous royal trip, which isn’t great optics for the pair in 2022. “This change in tone across their accounts will be designed to modernise their image quickly for a younger generation of royal fans. “What this change hopes to suggest is that ‘William and Kate’ are just like us and are updating their own social media accounts when in reality there is more than likely an entire team behind them.” DON'T MISS Wills and Kate's tour blow as 'republicanism set to grow' [INSIGHT] Harry and William's rift won't be healed due to the 'bombshell' book [REVEAL] Kate and William: How 'make or break' trip saved royal marriage [REPORT] She also pointed out posts shared by the royals are a clever and “strategic decision” when it comes to their personal image. Ms O'Reilly said: “Updating their official accounts more quickly might well be a strategic decision to enable the couple to control their own narrative, rather than letting the newspapers report on their whereabouts and the reception to their appearances first, and this is a smart move, but naturally it will need to be carefully balanced with security considerations.” Upon arriving in Belize on Sunday, a protest by local residents forced them to cancel a trip to a village nearby scheduled to kick off proceedings. The dispute was said to be between residents of the district of Toledo and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity Prince William is a patron of. William and Kate were due to visit the Akte‘il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek. It was cancelled and the pair visited a different cacao farm. They were were greeted by further protest touching down in Jamaica, as protesters demanded the royals "apologise now" for the UK’s slave-trading past. The couple also came under fire for a series of pictures of them greeting fans through a wire fence in Trench Town, Jamaica. Photographs taken of the Duke and Duchess shaking hands with children through a wire fence during their tour of Jamaica were shared on social media and received backlash. However, royal experts quickly pointed out that the photos were tightly cropped, and were actually taken by a football field during a community match surrounded by mesh railings. England striker Raheem Sterling also posed for similar shots with excitable fans after appearing on the pitch with the royals. Moments after the photos were taken, the royal couple met fans out on the street.