Tommy (played by Sonny Kendall) is being bullied at school, and Tuesday's EastEnders viewers saw him deciding to bring a knife to school to protect himself. Elsewhere, Kat (Jessie Wallace) has accepted a dangerous package from Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) into her home, which has turned out to be a gun. In Wednesday's episode of the BBC soap, Kat continued to hide the gun away as someone confirmed they'd be around to collect it next week - but will it be too late? Schoolboy Tommy could stumble across the weapon and use it to defend himself, killing one of his bullies. Tuesday's episode saw Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) discovering the knife in Tommy's bag. She warned him he would be expelled from school for bringing the dangerous object in. "Don't tell me you're planning on using it," she remarked. Tommy replied: "I don't want to, but mum can't walk me to school every day, and what if they jump me? "I can't hide from this stuff, I've got to deal with it directly." READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Lily responded: "You know what they've told us at school - kids end up in hospital, Tommy. "They end up dead. What if you drop it and they use it on you?" In Wednesday's instalment, the youngster still had the knife in his bag but looked unsure about what to do with it. It's possible he will soon have a change of heart, but if he finds the gun he may be tempted to use it in an attempt to defend himself. Kat hid the weapon away in a cupboard, which Tommy could easily open and find. She received a message from a mystery person reading: "I'll collect next week". Sadly, this gives Tommy plenty of time to make the discovery. It's possible his bullies will continue to threaten him and chase after him in upcoming episodes. It's possible Tommy will come across the gun by accident and decide to keep it on him. If the gang of bullies once again follow him back from school, he might try to run away initially. DON'T MISS... ITV viewers outrage as Tiger Roll farewell cut off for Tipping Point [LATEST]EastEnders exit for Zack Hudson as he betrays Sharon? [SPOILER] Antiques Road Trip’s Natasha Raskin Sharp brands co-star a ‘beast’ [VIDEO] Being outnumbered though, the youngster could pull out the gun. Will he murder one of the boys who has been tormenting him? Perhaps Kat will open the cupboard to deliver the gun to whoever is collecting it, only to realise it's missing. Panicking, she is likely to frantically search the house before realising her son might have it. Lily knows about the knife, however, so if she's around she might tell Kat Tommy probably took the gun if Kat reveals what she's looking for. Will she be able to track him down to stop anything from happening or will she be too late? She was unsure about accepting the package for Phil, but when she visited him in prison, he convinced her to. When she realised it was a gun, she was shocked but still did as Phil asked. This is a decision the Walford mother may come to regret, as it seems the gun will probably end up in Tommy's hands. If he doesn't use it himself, someone else could use it on him. Even if he is caught with the gun without using it, he could be in serious trouble. Will Kat be able to get the weapon off her son before something tragic happens? EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.