Season 10 will see the teamwork through eight classic cars, with the vehicles and owners all coming with a unique and humbling backstory. From a Fiat Uno Turbo restored for Gerry, suffering from blood cancer, to a Citroen HY Camionette upgraded for a family who lost a loved one in the Manchester Arena attacks. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Fuzz Townshend said the restorers aimed to get “everything right” for the owners to help them through the hard times. He said: “We have a very strong responsibility to get things right. “People who have been in tough situations and stuff like that, we can step in. “If we get something wrong that can become the focus, we want to make sure we get everything right for them. READ MORE: Classic car owners should not feel ‘threatened by EV conversions' “They’ve already been to hell and back a lot of the time and we don’t want to be part of that. “We want to make sure we get things right for them first time, every time. People have suffered all sorts of traumas.” Later in the series, the team restored a VW Corrado which is restored for cancer survivor Ash. The team will also conduct their first-ever classic car to electric vehicle transition as the special 100th CAR SOS renovation. DON'T MISSClassic cars should not be taxed the same as commuter cars [INSIGHT]Car SOS host says E10 will do a ‘number of things’ [COMMENT]Car SOS star issues plea to David Beckham for terminally ill car fan [ANALYSIS] Despite the hours of work that goes into restoring a classic, host Tim Fuzz warns the aim is never to make the cars too perfect on their work He told Express.co.uk: “The reality of it is we are a recommissioning show. “We are not a show that says we are going to make this car absolutely perfect. "The reason we say this is we are doing cars for people who have bought the car as a hobby. "If you and your partner are saying ‘right we are going to build a beautiful house with an extension and enjoy the process’, if someone came along and dod every single last bit of you, you would be pleased on that particular day. “But then you’ll be sitting here twiddling your thumbs and say that's my project. “Fuzz and I have to make a very careful decision about the person and who they are. “How quickly we need to get the car back to them depends on what's wrong with them as well. “There’s been some cars we've been like ‘listen, the paint jobs good but it's not award winning’. “But it doesn't matter because we've got to get that car back to that person next week. “Actually having however many years or months or days with the car is more important than the quality of the paint job, so just get that beloved car to them so they can enjoy it. “Get out on the roads and enjoy it for the reason they got it in the first place.” Car S.O.S returns to National Geographic with a new Season 10 airing Thursdays at 8pm from 10th March