Mr Bridgen appeared on GB News on Thursday night and spoke to host Dan Wootton about the reason behind his sudden move. Speaking on stage at the panel event of The Telegraph, titled “How will history judge Boris Johnson?”, Mr Bridgen said he was “appalled by partygate” but that the current climate was “no time for internecine warfare within the Conservative Party”.  Confirming that he was removing his letter of no confidence, Mr Bridgen said: “It would be an indulgence to have a vote of no confidence at the time of an international emergency, and this is not going to go away quickly. “We need Boris Johnson where he is, leading the country.” Mr Wootton questioned the Conservative MP about his decision and asked whether he was wrong about Mr Johnson. Responding to the query, Mr Bridgen said: “He led the country and that’s why I have withdrawn my letter.   “I think Einstein said when the facts change, I change my mind, what do you do? “The facts have changed. “We are on an economically war footing, we are very nearly on a physical war footing, and to indulge in trying to remove the Prime Minister, in the time of war fear within the Conservative party, it only helps our enemies. “And as we know now we have more of those, we thought we did.” READ MORE: Curry house manager hits back at diner who demanded apology  Mr Bridgen, who announced on January 13 that he had submitted a letter of no confidence after revelations emerged of Downing Street parties held during lockdown, is the second MP to have publicly rescinded his letter to the 1922 Committee. Last week Douglas Ross, the Scottish Tory leader, said that Mr Johnson deserved his support during the Ukraine crisis, as he announced that he had withdrawn his own letter of no confidence. Continuing further, Mr Wootton asked: “Is this a wake up call to the whole party? “This is a game, isn’t it? Because one of the reasons why I continued supporting Boris Johnson and didn’t like this partygate campaign is that we don’t know what’s coming up. Because of your party’s policy a leadership election contest would be very unsettling and take quite a long time.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: 'Condemn them!' Harry and Meghan called outPutin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal'Despicable Zelensky deepfake ordering Ukrainians to 'lay down arms' Mr Bridgen continued: “It would destabilise the Government, it would destabilise the country at a time of national emergency. “We are facing huge threats, exacerbated by the situation in Ukraine, an energy crisis, rising prices, inflation levels which the younger half of our population has never experienced. “It’s time now to get behind the Prime Minister because that’s actually getting behind the country.” 