Carol McGiffin, 62, has spoken about a time in which she admitted to her Loose Women co-star Kaye Adams off-screen that she hadn’t had sex for seven years. The star has now admitted that she regrets telling her Loose Women co-star about her sex life. Carol was speaking to Kate Thornton about cancel culture and people being easily offended. The TV show host explained that she didn’t regret much about things she’d said on air. But she gave an example of one thing she wished she hadn’t had told Loose Women co-star Kaye. Carol said that she once told Kaye about her sex life, who then went and announced the fact on an episode of Loose Women. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win She said: “Going back to Loose Women, I think probably I wish I hadn’t have told Kaye Adams that I hadn’t had sex for seven years. “That was way before Mark (her now husband),” she said. Kate then asked her if the experience “haunted” her. She replied, saying: “I didn’t say it on air, I told the Loose Women and then they said it. “Kaye said it on air. “In a way it wasn’t a viral moment, but it became a thing.” Kate chimed in saying: “It became a thing because when you started dating Mark literally people were thinking about street parties because she was open again for business.” She added: “It was such a big deal. Maybe we should have a party because Carol’s had sex.” DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] Carol commented on the experience on On White Wine Question Time, explaining it was somewhat beneficial to have attracted that level of attention. She said that her “mojo” tapered off after her mum died in 2003. The host added that it was seven years down the line and she was still in a position where she lacked self-esteem. But it wasn’t long before she met husband Mark Cassidy. Kate reminded Carol that she was in “deep grief” at the time, saying that such experiences close down your “emotional toolkit.” Kate confirmed that she admired Carol for speaking about the importance of remembering that it is okay to be single. “You don’t have to be with someone to be someone,” she explained. The two agreed that it was possible to be someone on your own accord, while still being perfectly happy.