A chief from the hit Formula 1 Netflix series Drive to Survive has shut down suggestions from Toto Wolff and Max Verstappen that elements of the show are fake. The fly-on-the-wall documentary returned for season four on Friday, and the series is one of the most eagerly-anticipated yet following the chaos and controversy of 2021. There is no doubt Formula 1 fans around the world will be most looking forward to getting an all areas look into last term’s dramatic season finale in Abu Dhabi, after Verstappen clinched the title on the very final lap of the year. The Dutchman was able to overturn a huge deficit between himself and title rival Lewis Hamilton, after taking advantage of a late controversial call from ex-race director Michael Masi. Masi contentiously allowed a number of lapped cars between Hamilton and Verstappen pass, leaving the pair almost neck and neck with one lap to go. The title rivals then played out a final lap shootout to decide the world championship, which the 24-year-old won thanks to a much fresher set of tyres. JUST IN: Nicholas Latifi's Williams bursts into flames with F1 testing in Bahrain red flagged  Despite the drama many felt that the integrity of the sport had been compromised for the gain of entertainment, especially with the Netflix cameras capturing all the behind the scenes action. However, one of the show's creators Paul Martin has defended the production and its involvement with Formula 1. He told the BBC: "Over the four series, Drive to Survive hasn't over-editorialised anything." Producer James Gay-Rees backed this view up: "It's just people under enormous pressure making decisions in the moment. There's no way anybody was thinking: 'Will this play well on Netflix?'" This seemingly comes in response to Mercedes boss Wolff’s recent comments - arguing he felt the show’s producers put scenes together that 'didn’t happen'. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen fires shot at Mercedes as he makes brutal joke about Lewis Hamilton's carMax Verstappen gives take on Lewis Hamilton's new car as Mercedes dismiss 'illegal' claimsMax Verstappen refuses to change mind on Netflix's Drive to Survive The Austrian commented: "It's scary how much we let them in. You hate to see yourself in there. "They create a spin to the narrative - they put scenes together that didn't happen. "I guess you'd say as an insider, 'well that's different than how it was.' But we're creating entertainment, and that is a new dimension of entertainment." These sentiments were also echoed by Red Bull rival Max Verstappen, who told the Associated Press last October that he felt the production ‘faked rivalries’. He said: "They faked a few rivalries which don't really exist. "So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show."  Upon the new season release this week, the Dutchman once again reiterated that he would continue not to take part in the show, confirming his mind couldn’t be changed. "No, I won’t change my mind," he told Autosport. "I think that was already ruined after season one. I think I’m quite a down to earth guy, and I just want it to be facts and don’t hype it up. "I understand of course it needs to be like that for Netflix. "That’s what every series on there as well or documentary or whatever you call it, it’s just not my thing." 