After the last surreal and terrifying week - and the sight of tiny children in bomb shelters - the death of Shirley Hughes makes you ponder on these things, the capacity of humans to be both so good and so evil. And if books mean anything to you then it's the books that you read yourself as a child, or read to others, that - in the end - seem to mean the most. Maybe it's because you read them over and over again, almost knowing them by heart and relating to them so deeply. The Shirley Hughes books I read most often (as a mum) are the ones about Alfie and his sister Annie Rose and another pair of siblings called Lucy and Tom. As a young mother herself Hughes had the idea for the Lucy and Tom stories in 1960. Even then her publishers feared it was "far too quintessentially English" to reach an international market, but went ahead nonetheless. And of course it's that gentle Englishness which envelops you in its protective embrace, even though her books have been published in many languages and have a worldwide appeal. The book called Lucy and Tom's Christmas is in every way the perfect Christmas. Mum's making pastry, the SalvationArmy is tuning up in the busy, brightly lit market, fractious babies play with wrapping paper and there's a nice walk after lunch when everyone needs some fresh air. Yet though it is a very idealised version, the Christmas we'd all like to have, it still feels grounded in the scruffy reality of family life. Hughes's children are not conventionally cute. They're often tired and messy, shirt-tails hanging out, hair askew, funny little faces. Like real children. Shirley Hughes seemed to understand intimately the things that preoccupy a small child, how their busy little world is also a vast universe of possibility, adventure, anxieties and mud pies. Their small crises are always resolved in an atmosphere of love and gentleness, but never diminished. The picture book Dogger is about a lost toy. And in Alfie Gets In First, Alfie (back from a shopping trip with his mother and sister) gets stuck inside his own house while his mum and Annie Rose are outside without a key. This was the first book, published in 1981. I've no doubt that a generation of children now in their 30s think about this occasionally when they get back from the supermarket with their own small children and reach for their front door key. ----------------- THANK GOODNESS for Matt Hancock. A sentence I never expected to type. He was interviewed by Steve Bartlett on the Diary of a CEO podcast. Steve Bartlett is a buff young entrepreneur off Dragons' Den. And never mind that Hancock isn't strictly speaking a CEO, because frankly who's going to quibble over anything that is a distraction from the rest of the news? Anything. Hancock was in polo-neck and too-tight jeans sipping some strange white stuff. Milk of magnesia?Yakult? LiquidViagra?Watching the podcast I enjoyed Bartlett's assertion that if you're a politician, "people are going to hate you regardless of what you do". But then I skipped some stuff about empathy and how Matt went into politics out of a burning desire to help people and clicked (as most viewers surely will) to the helpfully designated section headed "CCTV footage" in order to get to the dirt on that office affair. Matt immediately objected in a chivalrous and hurt manner to any suggestion that he had "casual sex" with his departmental adviser Gina Coladangelo. The very thought. He argued that he had broken the guidance on social distancing, but not the law, though by now which of us can remember what were the blasted Covid rules at any one time? But it got worse. Matt confirmed that his political downfall happened because (here he swallowed and did a doggy eye thing) "I fell in love with someone...that's something that was completely outside my control". There's nothing worse than a middle-aged man in a polo neck confessing to being hopelessly in love. Even if this wasn't an excuse guaranteed to infuriate all those who followed the Covid rules, it was still repulsive. Lovers in the throes of passion are always ridiculous to everyone except themselves. ----------------- SOME time ago David Owen, the former medic and foreign secretary, wrote a book called In Sickness And In Power which looked at the health problems (often denied) of a frighteningly large number of world leaders. Among those who lied about their health are Woodrow Wilson, Franklin D Roosevelt, Churchill, Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon, Pompidou, Mitterrand, Blair, George W Bush, Chirac and Ariel Sharon. Quite a list. Which brings us to the oft-asked question: Is Putin mad? In a recent article Owen says: "The changing contours of Putin's face resemble that of a man on high dosages of steroids". This can reduce immunity which might explain his germ phobia. In his book Owen also identified something he called "Hubris Syndrome", the symptoms of which include "narcissism, grandiosity, a conflation of personal interests with those of the nation, impaired judgment, diminished risk awareness and widespread contempt for others". Putin seems to fit the bill. But there's little comfort in identifying his behaviour as insane. It simply makes you reflect on all the mad things he might have up his mad sleeve. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- COMMENTING on other people's spelling mistakes is something of a hostage to fortune in a newspaper column. Because we all make mistakes and there but for the grace of God?etc?But please can Nadine Dorries, (who's the Culture Secretary so should know better) get someone to check her tweets? "The PM knocks the fake news being pedalled by Labour front bench MPs on the head. Appalling political opportunism and misinformation in the midst of a crisis", she told the world last week. I know Boris is famous for his bikes, but can someone tell her that news is "peddled" not "pedalled"? Though this wasn't quite as bad as Diane Abbott talking about Russian tanks rolling into Croatia and Joe Biden confusing Ukrainian with Iranian. Gives you such confidence doesn't it? ----------------- RIHANNA is a beautiful woman. No question about that. But her pregnancy wardrobe leaves much to be desired. While marquee- sized smocks and demure pussycat bows are no longer de-rigueur (and thank goodness for that) I'm not sure that a see-thru babydoll and boots represent a big step forward in female empowerment. Especially at the beginning of March.