  Timmy Thomas has died aged 77, his family have confirmed on social media. No cause of death has been given at this time.     The R&B singer’s family wrote on his Facebook page following the sad news. “With appreciation and gratitude, the family extends a thank you for the prayers, support, precious words and other expressions of love and kindness during this time,” they penned. Timmy’s anti-war song Why Can’t We Live Together reached the Top 3 in the US charts in 1973, before being widely covered and sampled by artists including Drake. The hit song was an important musical moment that affected listeners across the world during the Vietnam War. READ MORE: 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown      The stripped down and memorable tune of Why Can’t We Live Together lives on as one of the most iconic songs of the 1970s. The pacifist lyrics called for racial harmony amid the devastation of the Vietnam War, which raged from 1955 to 1975. The song peaked at No 3 in US charts, while it achieved the No 12 spot in the UK charts. The track was sampled by singer and rapper Drake for his 2016 hit Hotline Bling, in which he sped up the audio.     The Drake track also reached the top three in the US and UK charts, introducing Timmy’s song to a whole new generation of listeners. At the time, Timmy said of Drake sampling his song: “I was very proud to listen to what he had done with it, even though he had changed the message that I had.” MC Hammer famously covered the song in 1991’s Too Legit to Quit. Other famous covers include Sade on multi-platinum 1984 debut album Diamond Life, Steve Winwood for 2003’s About Time, and Lonnie Liston Smith with Iggy Pop on vocals, released in 2021. READ MORE... Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [INSIGHT] Richard E Grant's 'heartbreaking' reaction to BAFTAs In Memoriam [UPDATE] Alex Scott goes underwear-free in risque gown with thigh-high split [LATEST]       After the success of Why Can’t We Live Together, Timmy went on to release a further six albums. While he never reached the same heights of his famous war song again, he did continue to enjoy a prestigious career in music. The star worked as a session musician, songwriter and producer for most of his life, collaborating with artists including Gwen McCrae and Betty Wright. Many of the artist’s admirers have begun paying tribute to the musical icon.       Among those paying tribute was DJ Greg Wilson, who called Why Can’t We Live Together “a haunting plea for peace and unity that remains just as poignant and relevant now, half a century on”. David Wild added: “#RIPTimmyThomas. I still recall the moment I first heard this stunningly beautifully & tragically timeless song as a kid on vacation in Florida. My kids know it from @Drake.” Steven Taylor wrote: “RIP Timmy Thomas. I am devastated. Fly high my friend.” Hayden Wright penned on Twitter: “So much more than Why Can't We Live Together, but it is a fantastic track. Timmy Thomas dies. R. I. P.”   