Former A Place In The Sun host, Danni Menzies, chatted to Express.co.uk during her appearance at the Ideal Home Show earlier this week. In an exclusive interview, Danni divulged on her upcoming show with Formula Woman, her love of fast cars and thoughts on Christian Horner and his Spice Girl wife, Geri. It comes after Christian was branded “unwatchable” by some viewers of the Netflix series, Formula 1: Drive to Survive. User @madamdubobon raged: “Christian Horner makes #DriveToSurvive4 almost unwatchable. Seriously, bin him off next season and focus on some other team principals who can go more than two minutes without b****ing, moaning or being a massive b*****d. Better yet, give me the Guenther Steiner show please.” Even Geri wasn’t free from criticism as some thought she was getting too much airtime on the docuseries. @noolivesthnx said: “I'm sorry but why is Christian Horner's wife getting more screentime in #DriveToSurvive4 than actual F1 people? I'm only on episode three and this is the THIRD ‘cosy domestic’ scene at their house and we've not even SEEN some of the drivers! We've seen her more than Perez!” READ MORE:Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement Now, Formula One fan Danni has jumped to the couple’s defence. She told Express.co.uk: “I love that Geri is getting airtime, who didn't grow up watching the Spice Girls? Someone who married a Spice Girl is pretty cool in my books. “And actually, I really like Christian. “In an industry like that you have got to have a lot of confidence and you have got to have, maybe, a slight bit of arrogance to do well and make it work. “I'm quite a fan, I like them both.” Danni also gave her verdict on Max Verstappen’s controversial victory at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December. She ruled: “It was a bit controversial, I think maybe Lewis was robbed. “But that's the fun of Formula One, things happen, and you have just got to go with it. DON'T MISS'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase[LATEST]Denise Van Outen flashed Prince Charles and stole from Palace[INSIGHT]'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning[NEWS] “It's all about the drama, as long as it's on the telly and not in my life it's good.” Following her departure from Channel 4’s A Place In The Sun, Danni has been filming with Formula Woman, a competition that will give women the opportunity to get into motorsport. The team have wrapped filming in Sweden and have chosen the final four girls who will go on to drive McLaren at the British Grand Prix. Given her love of fast cars, Danni couldn’t help but give it a go herself. She explained: “It's been really cool to go to Sweden and drive on the ice, we had an absolute blast. When we finished filming I drove a Porsche and I wanted to go as fast as possible. So, I made the instructor take me round for a few laps. I loved it, and laughed the whole way.” Danni appeared at The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, on Monday. The show is the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk