Former Prime Minister David Cameron discussed meeting Vladimir Putin when he invited him to give a medal to Russian sailors during a visit to the UK in 2014. The former Prime Minister slammed Putin for his lies, and claimed to have confronted him face to face over Russian troops in Donbas years ago, and the downing of the civilian plane MH17. Putin has been waging war against neighbouring Ukraine for two weeks now, and many Western political heads have been trying to find insight into his mindset.  Speaking to LBC, Mr Cameron said: "We can argue about what more could've been done, but it was a very different response. "I don't think there was any nativity about Putin, we knew he was deeply antipathetic to our interest and values. "He could never be a partner..." Presenter Andrew Marr said: "You knew he was a Russian nationalist with expansionist aims." JUST IN:'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats     Mr Cameron said: "Of course!" Mr Marr said: "That quote when he said I've got horns and a tail, just tell me what he said exactly." Mr Cameron added: "It was an extraordinary day. "We were awarding the Arctic Convoy Medal to those brave British sailors that had travelled across the Arctic Ocean in what Churchill called the most dangerous journey in the world, to re-supply the Soviet Union, to help the defeat of Hitler and Putin was in Number 10.   Mr Cameron added: "Because I asked him to come and present them with a medal that Russia wanted to. "And it was after that, that I think he let his guard down and said fundamentally 'I'm not a democrat I don't share your interests.' "And I never had any beliefs that he did, I've got a number of occasions where he was also a phenomenal liar! "I mean I remember confronting him with evidence that Russian troops were in the Donbas, he flat out lied, I remember confronting him with evidence of the shooting down of the Malaysian airline, he flat out lied."  Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was a passenger flight scheduled to reach Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam on July 17, 2014. The plane was shot down while flying over eastern Ukraine, killing all 283 passengers and 15 crew on board. Trauma-informed therapist Caroline Strawson exclusively told Express.co.uk: "Putin was born in Leningrad, now named St Petersburg, in 1952. His parents had already lost two children before having Vladimir, so he was then deemed to be their 'miracle child. "I believe this led to him being their golden child and giving him a sense of entitlement. They showered all their love and affection on him, but this led to the expectation from him that this is how he should be treated by everyone. "Otherwise, it would mean he wasn’t loved, and if he wasn’t loved then that would mean he wasn’t good enough." 