One savvy pension provider has explained how the additional 1.25 percent off your wages can be offset - and can help you save for later life. Pension provider Penfold explained to Express.co.uk: “The government has confirmed that savers will see up to a 10.4 percent rise in their National Insurance bill. “For most people, this will mean contributions rise from 12 percent to 13.25 percent - a 1.25 percentage point hike in contributions, equivalent to a 10.4 percent increase. “Under the new rules, employed savers could pay up to £4,189 a month, and 3.25 percent of their earnings above that. “Therefore, someone earning £30,000 would owe £2,707 over the year - £255 more than before this increase.” However, there is one handy way you can reduce your tax bill via a salary sacrifice - and it’s perfectly legal.  READ MORE: UK heading for worst recession since the 1970s Some employers have pension schemes in place that will give you the option of salary sacrifice. This is a way to make your pension saving more tax-efficient and could mean your take-home pay increases. If you choose to take up the option, you and your employer will agree to reduce your salary, and your employer will then pay the difference into your pension, along with their contribution to the scheme. Penfold have explained for Express.co.uk readers that both you and your employer pay lower National Insurance contributions, which often means your take-home pay will be higher. For example, if you have an annual salary of £25,000, under normal contributions you would owe £2,003 in NI each year. However, if you opted for salary sacrifice, you would only owe £1837.78 per year under the minimum contribution - meaning an additional £165.62 in your pocket. Similarly, an employee who earns £30,000 a year and contributes £100 a month into their workplace pension via Salary Sacrifice would save £158 over a year in national insurance taxes, which would reduce from £225.58 to £212.39 each month.  DON'T MISSState pension: Simple check to see if you could get larger sum [EXPLAINER]Over 60s could lose free prescriptions due to state pension changes [INSIGHT]DWP benefit could pay pensioners extra £3,000 a year - can you claim? [EXPLAINER] Not only does this save on your behalf - but it also gives your employer money. The handy hack also provides a great incentive to get saving for later life - no matter how old you are or how much you earn. Pete Hykin, Co-founder of Penfold, told Express.co.uk: “Savers are already being hit with high inflation and rising energy bills and this NI tax hike acts as another blow in the cost-of-living squeeze, with those on lower wages likely to be severely impacted. “Unfortunately, communication from the government about the real impact of the tax hike on incomes has been less than straightforward. “However, what many might not be aware of is that pensions can actually be used by both employers and employees to trim tax bills. Salary sacrifice offers savers National Insurance relief on top of the usual pension tax relief, adding an extra boost to pots. “By switching to a salary sacrifice pension scheme, businesses can save their employees hundreds of pounds a year - at no extra cost. “For businesses who care about their employees and want to attract and retain the best talent, offering a pension which gives them the ability to keep their tax bills under control will be a big selling point for employees. “Salary Sacrifice, and the ability for pensions to minimise tax bills in general, is something that isn’t spoken about enough and yet another example of where the industry is falling short on educating and engaging people with pensions. "More needs to be done to educate employees and employers on these benefits and encourage employers to choose a Salary Sacrifice workplace pension scheme like the one from Penfold, to give employees as much flexibility as possible to deal with rising living costs.”