Broadcaster and journalist Nina Myskow and Tory MP Dr Liam Fox were debating whether the UK needed to boost its military budget in light of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Ms Myskow questioned if the Government could afford it after the billions spent on the NHS and Test and Trace system, but Dr Fox was firm that we should “value our security more than anything”. Ms Myskow agreed that Putin’s invasion was “shocking and horrifying”, stating, “we are all absolutely outraged by it and upset by it”. She continued: “But to increase our defence budget would be a complete knee jerk reaction. “Where are we going to get the money from? “As Dr Fox has already said, the NHS welfare system has eaten up a lot.  “But of course since the pandemic began the Conservative party and the Government have wasted an awful lot of money.” She went on to ask: ”Would you want to spend a lot of money with this Government in charge?” Mr Wootton asked if she would rather have Jeremy Corbyn in charge, the “ultimate Putin apologist and appeaser”. Dr Fox stated: “The first duty of Government is national security, not welfare, not the NHS.  READ MORE: Ambassador claims Russia used deadly vacuum bomb in Ukraine attack “As Dennis Healy once said, ‘if you don’t have national security, spending on everything else can become worthless’. “We need to understand that in a dangerous world we’ve not only got to protect our own people but play our part in a wider global security arrangement. “We are the ones who hold the torch for freedom.  DON'T MISS:Putin oil empire imploding: Shell joins BP in cutting ties with Russia [LATEST]Ukraine-Russia war: Children slaughtered, death toll soaring [SPOTLIGHT]Alert for war crimes probe over cluster bombs used against Ukraine [REVEAL] “NATO is not just a defensive alliance, it was about our adherence to human rights, it was about defending our liberty, it was about ensuring the international rule of law. “I value my liberty, I value our human rights, I value our security more than anything else. “This is a struggle of a country trying to keep that torch of freedom alive at a time when a big, aggressive despot and dictator drive power wants to snuff it out.” 