Tottenham manager Antonio Conte singled out January signing Dejan Kulusevski for praise ahead of his side's crucial game against West Ham United on Sunday. But his positive words may spell bad news for iconic winger Lucas Moura, whose future beyond the end of this season could be uncertain. Twenty one-year-old Swedish winger Kulusevski made the move to Spurs along with his Juventus teammate Rodrigo Bentacur on transfer deadline day. And he has already made a big impact in north London, scoring twice and creating four assists so far. Indeed, he now appears to be one of Conte's three first-choice offensive options, along with Harry Kane and Son-Heung min. This has seen Lucas drop to the bench - and judging by Conte's recent comments, that will not be changing any time soon. "Honestly, we are talking about an important prospect, because he is very young, only 21-years-old and despite his young age he has good experience with the national team," Conte said on Kulusevski. "Also to play with Juventus for one year and a half, you understand what it means to live with pressure, with that pressure.  "We are talking about an important prospect. Probably he could explode in the future. Also because I can see the intensity, the will and the desire to play. As everyday in training sessions he is a type of player who has it in his mind the target to become a top player in his career and as his manager I try to help him to improve and believe. "For sure is he an important prospect for the present and for the future. He has to continue to work in this way because he has in one month and a half improved a lot physically, tactically and also in his mentality." The fact that Conte seems to view Kulusevski as the future means the end may be drawing near for Lucas - who will always have an important place in the club's history following his sensational hat-trick in the famous 3-2 win against Ajax in the Champions League semi-final in 2019. The Brazilian has not started in Spurs' last seven games in all competitions, with Kulusevski being preferred over him every time. And for both him and the club, the time may have come for him to move on. With the 29-year-old's contract due to expire in 2024, this may be the last summer in which Spurs are able to recoup a large transfer fee for their asset, and there may be a number of teams who fancy their chances trying to tempt Spurs into a sale. What happens from now until the end of the season remains to be seen, but if Kulusevski continues his fine form, Lucas will face a real battle to get back into the starting XI. And he may soon be bidding a fond farewell to his adoring fans in N17.