Weather forecaster Jim Dale said cold air from Scandinavia will cause a major drop in temperatures next week, dropping from 20C this week. He said that "most of the country" will be hit with the cold weather, which will bring frost and snow. Weather forecaster WXCharts has forecast up to 3.5inches (9cm) of snow in Scotland by Thursday 31 March. Newcastle will see up to 0.7inches (2cm) of snow. By Friday morning, the snow will spread across the country as far south as the midlands, with 0.4inches (1cm) of snow forecast in Birmingham. Regions between Manchester and Newcastle are set for up to 3.1inches (8cm) of snow, the forecaster said. On Thursday, WXCharts has predicted that freezing cold wind will cause most of the UK to feel colder than -8C, with Manchester feeling as cold -12C. By Friday, actual temperatures will reach lows of -8C between Manchester and Newcastle, with Scotland seeing lows of -7C. Mr Dale, author of weather forecasting book 'Weather or Not?', told Expres.co.uk: "The outlook for the next week to week and a half, particularly in the North or the West, is cold. "By the time we get to mid-week next week, Wednesday into Thursday and Friday, I think it will feel quite cold across most of the country. "The frosts are coming back in, quite hard into Scotland. "-6C and -7C in the Glenns; -2C and -3C in the rest of Scotland; in England and Wales and Northern Ireland, we'll see -1C and -2C. READ MORE: UK snow forecast: Shock snow blast to hit in insane -8C weather plunge "During the daytime, instead of seeing 20C as the peak, we'll see 10C and 11C as a general rule. So half the value of what we're seeing now. "It's not going back down to the seasonal average, it's going to below the seasonal average. "It's the other side of the equation. "The high pressure is regressing, low pressure is more or less coming in but the colder air from the North is coming with it, coming out from Scandinavia - the jet stream, although not particularly strong, is pushing further and further south. DON'T MISS: Cold Weather Payment deadline looms - eligibility checker [INSIGHT] Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [REVEAL] Met Office yellow warning as 'dense fog' limits visibility ‘below 1 [REPORT] "That means we get into the colder air, and that's all the way down into the south. It's for everybody. Mr Dale said that snow is most likely to occur in Scotland and the North of England, particularly on higher ground. He added: "I think Thursday will be the day that we start to see [snow], but it might come in a bit quicker than that. "Generally, it's from mid-week onward. "The ingrained cold brings with it outbreaks of wintry stuff - and by that, snow. "So it could accumulate certainly over the highlands and Grampians; the southern Uplands; maybe the likes of Snowdonia and the Pennines. "That doesn't mean it can't come a bit lower down as well, especially Scotland way. And Northern Ireland as well. "But at this time of year, that kind of event, it's not unusual that it happens but it normally does not last. "It comes in and goes out again and melts fairly quickly in the daytime sun, even if you get it in the colder air. "Nonetheless, it will be a bit of a shock to the system."