Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich is considering selling the Stamford Bridge club, according to reports. Abramovich is set to receive offers for Chelsea by the end of this week, with at least three parties interested in buying the Blues. The potential buyers believe the billionaire is prepared to sell up for the first time. Abramovich faces the threat of sanctions following Russia's invasion of Ukraine last week. The 55-year-old has already attempted to hand over the day-to-day running of Chelsea to the club's charitable foundation. Abramovich did so in the attempt to put distance between himself and Chelsea but the trustees are yet to accept his proposal, with some considering quitting. The Telegraph claims that parties interested in buying the west London club believe that was the first step from Abramovich to suggest he would be open to selling. JUST IN: Gary Lineker agrees with Pep Guardiola over 'problem' with Man City star Jack Grealish  Offers are set to be made to Abramovich this week but that could change if he does receive sanctions. Chelsea have always maintained the club is not for sale but the Telegraph says Abramovich could be left with no other option. He has previously turned down offers worth £2.2billion. The report claims Chelsea are £1.51bn in debt to their owner. Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel was asked about the situation at his pre-match press conference on Tuesday ahead of the FA Cup fifth round tie at Luton. DON'T MISSArsenal get Emile Smith Rowe boost but Mikel Arteta still without key star [NEWS]Jurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS] But when asked about Abramovich's position, the German did not want to go into too much detail. “I have to say that's a bit too much for me to answer," Tuchel said. "I'm not aware of any details, and I'm not aware of the whole situation. "We all agree there are situations much, much more important than football, this will never change.  "And situations like war are of course so much more important. "But the role of Mr Abramovich is not for me to comment on, because I simply don't know enough about it.” There have been claims Abramovich has attempted to help peace talks between Russia and Ukraine. Tuchel was again pressed on the matter but hit back furiously at the question.  “Listen, listen, listen – you have to stop. I am not a politician," Tuchel fumed. "You have to stop, honestly. I can only repeat it [it’s horrible]. And I even feel bad to repeat it because I never experienced war. "So even to talk about it I feel bad because I am very privileged. I sit here in peace and I do the best I can, but you have to stop asking me these questions. I have no answers for you.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here