State pension payments can vary according to a person’s National Insurance contributions. For the new state pension, the Government has stipulated particular rules on eligibility. To get any sum at all, Britons usually need 10 qualifying years of National Insurance contributions. To unlock the full sum, it is thought 35 years of qualifying contributions are required. A National Insurance record can also be built up via credits. This means those out of work and on certain benefits, or caring for others, for example, can avoid missing out. READ MORE: State pension will undergo SIX key changes from next month Due to the different state pension amounts received by millions across the country, many may wish to check what they could get. Thankfully, the process is designed to be as straightforward for Britons as possible. In fact, the Government has even pointed Britons towards “the quickest way” they can find this information out. The state pension forecast is available online and is the easiest way to find out key state pension details. DON'T MISSState pension fury as women live on £26 per day [UPDATE]‘It’s un-British!’ Pensioner, 75, furious as state pension sum frozen [VIDEO]State pension warning as Britons face ‘deduction’ to retirement sum [INSIGHT] A forecast tells individuals: The online service cannot be used by those who already get their state pension, or who have deferred a claim for it. While applying online is described as the quickest way to get a forecast, there are also other ways to apply. Individuals can fill in the BR19 application form from the Government’s website and send it off by post. They can also call the Future Pension Centre who will post the forecast out. People who are already getting their state pension or have deferred it are not left out. These individuals can also find out more about their state pension in an easy step. The Government explains: “To get information about your state pension contact the Pension Service if you’re in the UK. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Contact the International Pension Centre if you live abroad.” The full new state pension is currently £179.60 per week, but will increase from next month. To mark the start of the new tax year, the sum will increase to £185.15 per week. This is a 3.1 percent increase secured by the temporary double lock system, implemented by the Government for one year.