Various reports and social media footage has shown some Russian soldiers expressing regret and confusion over their invasion of Ukraine. The Guardian reports, for example, of captured Russian soldiers saying they were "duped" by their seniors into invading Ukraine. One Russian solider reportedly said: “Everything we were told was a fake. I would tell my guys to leave Ukrainian territory. We’ve got families and children. I think 90 percent of us would agree to go home.” Another example came from Ukraine's security forces. They released a video showing five Russians, barely in their twenties, from the 25th Crew, Unit 75242. They were interrogated as they kneeled with hands cuffed. One told the camera: “We were told we were going for training. Eventually, after we were sent to the front line, everyone was demoralised and nobody wanted to fight. “But we got told that we would be enemies of state and because it’s wartime we might get shot. “We were thrown in as cannon fodder. People in our unit at least don’t want this war. They want to go home and want peace.” The images have raised concerns, however, that the Geneva Convention laws regarding prisoners of war may have been broken. Prisoners of war must be protected “against acts of violence or intimidation and against insults and public curiosity." Now, Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun tells Express.co.uk that the Russian forces appear to have been caught off guard by the hostile response they have received in Ukraine. She said: "The morale of the Russian forces, morale seems to be extremely low. "I think many of them were victims of Putin's propaganda, many of them did actually believe that Ukrainians were waiting for them to come. "Lots of them thought they'd be greeted with flowers on the street with people saying 'thanks for coming to liberate us'. Instead they are being met with molotov cocktails being thrown at them. "This is not something they were expecting. They were living in Putin's propaganda world for so long. "There were some messages released by the Ukrainian military texting with their parents, and they were saying things like 'Mum, I can't believe we are actually killing civilians here'. So that is something many of them are not prepared to do." READ MORE: Hundreds of German missiles given to Ukraine 'do not work' Ms Sovsun also claimed many Russian soldiers are refusing to fight. She added: "Many of them are giving up. They are leaving their vehicles and tanks and just trying to disappear into the woods. "They are also encountering Ukrainian soldiers, who are better equipped and have proper food. I think that is also a shock for Russian soldiers." Some military experts suspected Russia's superior military would quickly seize control of Ukraine, but this has not been the case. The capital remains under Ukrainian control and a 64km Russian convoy has stalled in recent days. The Atlantic Council think tank explained this week what has gone wrong for Russia's military. They said: “During the first week of the war, Russian ground forces have become bogged down outside of the northern Ukrainian cities of Kharkiv and Kyiv, due to their failure to establish air superiority (which has resulted in significant aircraft and helicopter losses), too few troops to execute three simultaneous thrusts (toward Kyiv and Kharkiv, and north from Crimea), poor coordination of fires and manoeuvre, significant logistical issues, and stronger than expected Ukrainian resistance." DON'T MISS FIA's code of conduct for Nikita Mazepin as they stop short of ban [INSIGHT] Israeli airport trolls Russian planes by signalling with Ukraine flag [ANALYSIS] UK food crisis: Cost of canned goods tipped to soar [INSIGHT] Western intelligence officials have suggested that Russia’s invasion is behind the Kremlin’s schedule. Russian President Vladimir Putin has become increasingly frustrated by Russia’s military struggles in Ukraine, current and former US officials briefed on the matter told NBC News. Without access to Putin’s inner circle, Russia’s schedule for its Ukraine invasion is largely guesswork. On Thursday, Putin insisted everything is “going to plan,” stating that “all objectives that were set are being resolved or achieved successfully.” Today, the Russian President issued a new warning and asked neighbouring countries to normalise relations with Russia, saying in a televised speech: "There are no bad intentions towards our neighbours. "I would also advise them not to escalate the situation, not to introduce any restrictions. "We fulfil all our obligations and will continue to fulfil them. We do not see any need here to aggravate or worsen our relations. "I think everyone must think about how to normalise relations, co-operate normally and develop relations normally. "And all our actions, if they arise, they always arise exclusively in response to some unfriendly actions, actions against the Russian Federation."