Sara Davies, 37, had a very stressful morning as she headed to Birmingham to appear on shopping channel, HobbyMaker, on Monday. The Dragon’s Den star set off in her car after dropping her two sons off at school. A few hours into her journey, disaster struck, and she suffered a blown out tyre. Stranded on a busy motorway, Sara documented her ordeal to her 209,000 Instagram followers. Luckily, Sara had managed to pull over onto the hard shoulder before getting out of her car and waiting on a grass bank for someone to rescue her. She wrote: “Well, I guess there’s never a good time to blow a tyre. READ MORE:Shirley MacLaine's boast of bedding two Prime Ministers “But I rang The AA and told them I’m on air at 1pm. “They said they would have someone here pronto!” Soon after, Sara had been picked up by an AA patrol named Kevin. He put her car on the back of his tow truck and set off to get Sara to Birmingham on time. Filming from inside the truck, the Strictly star said: “So this is the lovely Kevin, he has put my car on the back of his tow truck and apparently, he will have me there in good time for my show! “So, no need to panic, I will still be on there at one o’clock.” The businesswoman also showed fans her blown-out tyre, which had a huge hole covering the entire side. Thankfully, she made it to the studio in the nick of time, with just 15 minutes to spare before she went live. DON'T MISSDan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub[LATEST]Chris Evans details 'bump in the road' as he shares family rule[INSIGHT]Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma[NEWS] The TV personality addressed the incident on camera when her co-host, Dave Bradford, told viewers: “We very nearly didn’t get Sara today because she had a bit of a blow-out on the motorway, are you alright?” Sara giggled and explained: “A bit of a blow-out! My tyre blew up, I didn’t blow up. “Although I almost did when the AA told me it was going to take a couple of hours to get to me. “I said, ‘I can’t, I’m on air at one o’clock!’, and they got me here in time.” Dave replied: “You’re here in one piece, that’s what matters.” Sara’s craft company, Crafter’s Companion, has partnered with the shopping channel and she will regularly appear as a presenter to promote her company’s products. In a Facebook message last week, Sara encouraged fans to tune in. She wrote: “We’ve been working with our new TV partner, HobbyMaker, for a few weeks now and we’ve had some amazing shows with the team! “I know loads of you have been tuning in, getting involved and have been loving the shows so far and it’s been great to see.” HobbyMaker airs on Sky 670, Freeview 73 and Freesat 807.