Cain (played by Jeff Hordley) has been left shaken this week on Emmerdale after discovering his cousin, Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), had suffered a stroke, with no indication it was going to happen. This has meant the bad boy of the village has started to look at his own lifestyle choices and whether he could be doing things better to prevent him from having a health scare. But as he discussed his fate further with several different characters and with a big storyline on the horizon for him and Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), it may be a hint he will be killed off in the coming weeks on the ITV soap. The episode began with Dingles continuing to rally around one another for support, aside from the rifts and feuds which might have been going on previously. Wanting to be with his son, Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn), Cain decided to show the youngster the ropes of being a mechanic. Having seen how short life can be, the bad boy wanted to make sure he was spending every second with someone he cares deeply about. It was during this conversation the schoolboy asked his father if he was going to suffer from something similar to Marlon. "Are people harder or easier to mend?" the young boy asked Cain, who replied with inquisitiveness: "Is this about your uncle Marlon?" READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk's unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies' Kyle said: "Yes, his brain has gone wrong," with his father going on to tell him: "The brain is a tricky thing, you see. "It's kind of what makes us," he added, with his young son asking what this made his uncle Marlon if his brain had suffered from trauma. "Well, he's still the same, he's still your uncle Marlon. It's just everyone has got to work harder to make sure he knows that," the bad boy continued. "Will your brain go wrong?" Kyle asked his father, who replied: "Well I hope not," not completely sure if he could tell his son he would be fine in the future. "But will it though?" the schoolboy persisted as he wanted an answer, adding: "You're older than uncle Marlon." "Only by a bit. I'm not that old. You only think that because you're young," Cain joked with his son, before turning the conversation to become more serious again. "Listen, son. None of us knows what is around the corner, right, but I am not planning on getting sick any time soon." Although he might not think he is in danger, executive producer Jane Hudson and producer Laura Shaw has revealed the bad boy will be going head to head with his arch-nemesis, Al, in the coming weeks. The pair have already shown their capabilities in terms of revenge but as the storyline reaches ahead, it could be Cain who doesn't make it out of the ordeal alive. Thinking he might not have an illness, the conversation with Kyle could actually have been hinting towards the fact Al will kill him. DON'T MISS...Steve Halliwell health: Emmerdale star, 76, on heart surgery [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT] Speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, Laura explained: "I can also confirm that we do have one of our big special weeks planned for later in the year. "Which will contain the culmination of some of our biggest stories as well as the start of other big stories. "And fingers crossed, COVID permitting, hopefully, we'll throw one of our infamous stunts in there as well," she continued. Jane added: "I think we can probably tease in our special week that Cain and Al's feud is definitely not over. Something will happen that will make those two have to look at their relationship with each other. "So there's definitely going to be an explosive Cain/Al moment in our special week. I think the audience are really enjoying these two men constantly at war." Later on, in Thursday night's episode, Cain addressed his fate again when talking with his brother Sam Dingle (James Hooton). They began to talk about their late stepmother, Lisa Dingle (Jane Cox) who died in 2019 after being diagnosed with a heart condition. "She could fix anything could Lisa," Sam remarked, with Cain asking his brother if he missed having their mother figure around. "Yes, well we all do, don't we?" he replied, with his brother having a look on his face which showcased his fear of one day being struck down by something or someone and not being able to see his family again. "Nothing lasts forever, though, does it?" Sam continued, with his brother in agreement. "Not even a Dingle," Cain replied, with Sam quickly noticing his brother was feeling uneasy about what had happened to Marlon. "No age, is he? It shouldn't happen to him," the village bad boy said, with Sam replying: "No, it's not like he's dead unhealthy or anything." Cain added: "Kyle has been worrying. I wanted to tell him it wouldn't happen to me but I don't know. Have you been thinking [about it]?" "Well, I did all that when Samson lost his mother. Spent years worrying what would happen if I crocked it," Sam replied. "None of our kids would end up on their own, not with our lot looking out for them," he added but does this mean Cain's exit is going to be on the horizon very shortly? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.