Manchester United are yet to decide on which direction they want to go this summer in hiring their next permanent manager, but Dirk Kuyt has explained why he feels Erik ten Hag deserves his chance at a "top side in Europe". Ralf Rangnick will step down from his interim role in charge at Old Trafford before next season, but no decision has been made on who will come in as his replacement. Mauricio Pochettino and Ten Hag appear to be the frontrunners for very different reasons. The Argentine coach has managed at the top level, from leading Tottenham to a Champions League final to looking after a team of superstars in Neymar, Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi. Ten Hag meanwhile has earned his status as one of the top coaches, albeit not yet in Europe's top five leagues. He's worked wonders on a shoestring budget at Ajax having sold star players such as Hakim Ziyech, Donny van de Beek and Frenkie de Jong. Ten Hag helped mold all those players who left for big fees into the star players they are today. But there are some concerns on how he would make the step up to a team that would be expected to not only keep those star players, but make a host of superstars work together as a unit. JUST IN: Arsenal or Man Utd can sign Nunez for '£35m cheaper than clause'  Since Sir Alex Ferguson, the likes of Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal have failed to make it work at United. Pochettino has been linked with the Old Trafford job for several years now, but Kuyt has backed Ten Hag to take on the challenge. “Ten Hag is a great, experienced coach," Kuyt told Goal. “He’s done his apprenticeship, if you like, with Bayern Munich’s second team, then Utrecht and now at Ajax. “He is a great manager who has improved himself so much, on and off the pitch. I know some people were doubting his level of speaking English, his performance in front of the camera, but you see him growing every week as a manager, and I think he can do a great job at any top side in Europe. DON'T MISS  “His tactics, his way of thinking about football, is very interesting, and it would be great if he was to get an opportunity at a top side.” Ajax chief Gerry Hamstra has also played into the speculation of Ten Hag leaving for United this summer. "It would be fantastic if he is still Ajax’s coach next season," Hamstra told Voetbal International. "He still has an ongoing contract with Ajax, but we also all know how the world works. "Erik is a professional and focuses on this season himself, on the important months ahead in which the prizes will be distributed. The future will tell, but it is clear that Erik is very important for Ajax."