Luis Diaz once again showed signs of what's to come and proved Liverpool's patient transfer plan has been justified after the Reds claimed a hard-fought 1-0 win over West Ham on Saturday evening. The Colombian shone in the crucial Anfield triumph as Jarrod Bowen - a player described by Jurgen Klopp as "unbelievable" - was forced to hobble off through injury. Sadio Mane's scrambled first-half effort proved to be the decisive moment in a breathless Premier League encounter. Both side's squandered opportunities to add to the game's scoreline as Klopp's men ground out a vital win to move themselves back within three points of league leaders Manchester City ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby. While the game may have lacked goals, it certainly wasn't short of quality. And one player in particular who once again caught the eye was Liverpool's January recruit Diaz. TOP STORY: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Roman Abramovich chants in Burnley win  The former Porto star showed yet more flashes of his tantalising potential against the Hammers and justified why the Reds were right to adopt a patient approach to their transfer strategy. Liverpool's admiration of Diaz had been well-documented for some time, however, the Anfield outfit made a point of not rushing a deal amid talk of extortionate fees. In fact, the Reds appeared resigned to waiting until the summer to make a move for the 25-year-old winger and may well have done, had rival interest not forced them into action. As talk of Tottenham and West Ham tabling offers to Diaz emerged, Liverpool responsed decisively in order to guarantee they got their man. DON'T MISSLiverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins summer planning [TRANSFERS]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Man Utd ‘have Ralf Rangnick consultancy doubts’ as Erik ten Hag advantage emerges [REPORT] With two goals and a number of impressive displays to his name already, their decision appears justified. However, Diaz wasn't the only wideman reportedly on their radar, and Klopp caught a glimpse of another rumoured target at Anfield on Saturday. West Ham's Bowen has been one of the Premier League's stand-out performers so far this season having hit 8 goals and registered a further 10 assists across 27 appearances so far this term. Having previously labelled Bowen a player he "likes a lot", Klopp heaped further praise on the former Hull City man ahead of Saturday's clash.  “Bowen…what a player he has become, unbelievable!” Klopp declared. “We saw him as well at Hull and he was really good that time, but I’m not sure a lot of people expected this jump. Unbelievable player.” While Klopp has made no secret of his admiration for Bowen, Liverpool resisted the urge to make a move for him last summer, and in January, opting instead to wait for the right moment to pounce for Diaz. While the unfortunate Bowen hobbled out of the Anfield action on Saturday, Diaz dazzled again and proved the Reds played out their transfer plan to perfection. 