Retiree Graham, 77, in particular, lost almost £800,000 to these scammers, losing his home and life savings. Britons are urged to be vigilant before investing their money into cryptocurrency, and seek professional financial advice before parting with their money. In a bid to stop these fraudsters capitalising on vulnerable people investing in cryptocurrency, TSB has banned any transfers to cryptocurrency platforms to stop people falling victim. On BBC Money Box last weekend, presenter Paul Lewis spoke to Paul Davis, director of fraud prevention at TSBC about these changes, and why they have been implemented. He explained that stories like Graham’s are one’s that he would hear “every day” at TSB. Almost one in every five transfers that customers were making to cryptocurrency transfers were being reported as fraud, he said. READ MORE: ‘Great way to get extra money in your pockets!’ - Savers urged to act as inflation soars He explained he would need to see a significant step forward in the protection available for consumers. TSB offer 100 percent fraud protection meaning victims will get all of their money back which not a lot of banks do. Paul Lewis questioned the fraud expert if this ban was to protect the banK, as well as customers. Mr Davis said: “We have had our fraud protection guarantee in place for three years now and it’s unique in the industry. “What it does is give us a single minded focus on taking steps to stop fraud happening in the first place. “I don’t recognise the statement that victims in fraud are foolish. “These are sophisticated scams and I think anybody can fall victim to them. “I don’t think any of us can appreciate how convincing these scams can be until we find ourselves in that situation.” Graham, a retired RAF pilot, lost around £800,000 to fraudsters in a devastating complex scam. Graham thought he was investing in cryptocurrency when he contacted a firm he found on the internet last August. Graham ended up losing his savings, his car and his home and the thieves “stripped him bare”. BBC Money Box is available on BBC Sounds.