In the months leading to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, speculation about Putin's health grew, with some saying the president might be treating himself with steroids and others arguing his loneliness could have been affecting his decisions. But the Kremlin has insisted nothing is wrong with Putin, with his spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying on Wednesday "the emotional state (of the president) is normal" and his boss is just working hard. However, history makes those claims hard to believe. Information shared with the public about the health of Soviet or Russian leaders has oftentimes proven to be wrong, starting with Leonid Brezhnev, the Soviet leader from 1964, who had multiple heart attacks and strokes in the late 1970s while Soviet TV and aides assured the world all was well. After unmissable shaky TV appearances, he died in 1982. Yuri Andropov, his successor, then died within 16 months of kidney failure. And Konstantin Chernenko, who replaced him, had a turbulent journey through government, too. READ MORE: Putin's parental heartbreak as mother 'stayed alive by a miracle'  Already ill when he took the job, he was soon confined to a hospital room. In February 1985, during the victory speech broadcast that followed his election victory, the Kremlin camouflaged Chernenko's hospital room as his office. He died of severe emphysema, congestive heart failure and cirrhosis of the liver a month later. Then, there was Boris Yeltsin, who known for his alcoholism was unable to get off the plane on a stopover in Ireland on his way back from the UN in New York in 1994. His aides said he had "overslept" but reports claimed he was either too drunk to disembark or had suffered a heart attack. In December 1999, after years of heart disease and an unbeaten addiction to alcohol, Yeltsin appointed a 47-year-old Putin as prime minister, giving him time to prepare for the Kremlin until he himself left office, which was planned for 2000. But on New Year's Eve of that year, begging the Russian people for forgiveness for letting them down, Yeltsin resigned – and Putin became acting president. Three months later, he won the election. When Putin decided to recognise the Ukrainian rebel-held territories of Donetsk and Luhansk as independent entities, Udo Lilischkies, former director of German broadcaster ARD's studios in Moscow, said: "After seeing Putin today, he does in fact not seem quite like he did a couple of months ago”. Mr Lilischkies, speaking a day before Moscow's full-scale attacks began, pointed out claims by foreign affairs specialist and academic Fiona Hill, who in the past "pointed out Putin could potentially be ill". The Kremlin-focused journalist emphasised Ms Hill, a co-author of Mr. Putin: Operative in the Kremlin, is not someone who would "carelessly speculate". She served as a national intelligence officer for Russia and Eurasia and senior director for Europe and Russia at the US National Security Council, and her words, according to Mr Lilischkies, "would need to seriously be taken into consideration". DON'T MISSRussia TV protest: Was protestor a Russian mole working for Putin? [ANALYSIS]NATO warships revealed: How big is the 30 member alliance navy? [INSIGHT]Two worrying WAR scenarios that could force the West to intervene [EXPLAINER] He said: "She speculates he is being treated with steroids. "She also describes the increasing isolation of the Russian president, who isolated himself during the coronavirus pandemic and the apparent closely related fears. "And her impression is that this man is really bitter, he is significantly more emotional." On February 24, Putin launched the war the West had for months feared. At that point, analysis of the dictator's mental state — a result of what has repeatedly been dubbed, in all kinds of wordings, crazy behaviour — intensified. Michael McFaul, a former ambassador to Russia who has known the president since 1992, described him as "increasingly unhinged in the way that he talks about the regime". Speaking on NBC's Meet the Press, he said: "Remember, this guy's been in power for 22 years. He doesn't listen to his aides. "Even when I was ambassador eight years ago, he was very dismissive of anybody around him. He's out at his compound, doesn't come into town very much, and, under Covid, he's been more isolated. "I sat in the room with him for five years when I worked in the Obama administration. I speak Russian. I listened to him, and I know what he says." Along similar lines, James Clapper, a former US Air Force lieutenant general who spent half a century as a US intelligence officer, said: "His speeches and comments are really uncharacteristic for him. "Clearly Putin is angry, isolated, and more unhinged than I've ever seen him." Mr Clapper, who during the Obama administration was the nation’s longest-serving director of national intelligence, added: "I've always thought he was cold and pragmatic, but clearly his emotions are getting the better of him."