Scents can produce psychological and physiological responses, making them an essential tool to keep on your bedside table. Those struggling to sleep are increasingly being encouraged to incorporate scents into their nighttime routine to relax them and relieve stress. But which scents work the best? Express.co.uk chatted to the experts at Online-Bedrooms.co.uk to find out their top scents to help unwind and relax after a busy day. Lavender’s soothing effects reduce your stress levels, which can help slow down your racing thoughts before bed. It is believed to treat anxiety and insomnia - one of the main reasons why people find it difficult to fall asleep. You can apply lavender essential oil to your skin before you go to bed or add some drops to your bath or diffuser. Lavender pillow and room spray is also an option, or you could keep a clump of lavender under your pillow. READ MORE- Cancer symptoms: The ‘persistent’ toilet sign signalling a tumour Jasmine has a rich and sweet smell that is often used for relaxing purposes in aromatherapy. The easiest way to bring this scent into your bedroom is by purchasing a jasmine room and pillow mist. Just spray it on your bed before you go to sleep and it will effectively aid your slumber. Or, you could try sipping on some jasmine tea. Just make sure you’re really inhaling the scent as you drink it. If you’re a person that likes to have fresh flowers in the bedroom then roses might be a good choice The smell of roses relieves stress levels and may also give your brain a boost throughout the night, making you feel fresher when you wake up. Alternatively, make yourself a rose room spray with essential oil or rose petals - or just buy one. Rose facial creams and sprays are another option to incorporate relaxation into your nighttime routine. DON'T MISS...Tom Hanks health: Film star on diagnosis of common condition [INFORMER]Health warning: The use of bath soap could lead to an infection [INSIGHT]Stroke: Four prescription medications linked to the condition [EXPLAINER] This plant encourages a peaceful night of sleep, so it has earned its name! The peace lily can improve your bedroom’s air quality, which can often be the source of sleep problems. This low-maintenance plant can be kept on your nightstand since it doesn’t require much light or watering. Frankincense is always associated with the Three Wise Men, but this aromatic resin is used in all sorts of incense, perfumes and products. Collected from the trunk of boswellia trees, Frankincense has an antibacterial and de-stressing effect, which makes it very beneficial for your health (and it’s totally natural). Burning a frankincense incense stick in your bedroom in the evening promotes a good night’s sleep, as it helps to calm your mind and breathe deep.