Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who spent six years in Iranian detention on spying charges, was freed from prison last week. Speaking to the media on Monday, March 22, she thanked all those who had worked to help her, but accused the Foreign Office of being too slow in securing her release. After criticism from commentators on social media who argued the 44-year-old should be more grateful to the Government, Mr Hunt, a former foreign secretary himself, said: "She's absolutely right that it took too long to bring her home." Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's release came after No10 paid a £400million debt to Iran over a failed arms deal dating back to the 1970s. Although both countries' governments have said the two issues should not be linked, Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe said she had been told by her captors her imprisonment was connected to the unpaid debt. Speaking at a press conference in Westminster, central London, the mother-of-one said she had been overcome with emotion to be reunited with her husband and daughter but added: "What's happened now should have happened six years ago." Pointing out there were five foreign secretaries over the six years she was detained in Iran, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe suggested if any of them had stayed in the post longer, they might have made more progress. She asked: "How many foreign secretaries does it take for someone to come home?" READ MORE: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe reveals she lost faith in Britain saving her One of the former foreign secretaries she accused of not doing enough to help her is Mr Hunt, who was in office from July 2018 to July 2019 – and he said she is right. He wrote on Twitter: "I tried my best — as did other foreign secretaries — but if trying our best took six years then we must be honest and say the problem should have been solved earlier. Ministerial turnover may have been a factor." However, speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, he praised Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and the Foreign Office for negotiating Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's and Anoosheh Ashoori's release, describing it as "an extraordinary achievement". Mrs Ashoori was detained in 2017, also on spying charges, and sentenced to 10 years in prison. Mr Hunt also told the BBC Prime Minister Boris Johnson "deserves some credit" for authorising the payment of the £400m debt to Iran. The MP for South West Surrey joined Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family, their MP Tulip Siddiq, and the former Foreign Office minister Alistair Burt in backing calls for an inquiry into what went wrong. He said: "It is right that an independent investigation now takes place as to what those reasons were, something I would be glad to assist with. "Such a review also needs to assess whether our current policy is sufficient to stop hostage-taking in the future. "If democracies can show such impressive unity on Russian sanctions, surely we can do the same to stamp out the 19th-century practice of hostage-taking?" DON'T MISSJeremy Hunt warns ‘Britain must match US on defence spending’ [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson and Liz Truss urge pride in Britain [REPORT]Ros Atkins sums up exactly WHY Nazanin has been released now [WATCH] His words were celebrated by fellow party members. Tory MP Alicia Kearns said: "The honesty in this thread makes it an important read, I'm sure the Foreign Affairs Committee will launch an inquiry." Tom Tugendhat, Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, shared Mr Hunt's tweets and noted: "This is an important thread." In his Twitter thread, Mr Hunt said "initial reluctance to pay the debt because people worried it would look like a ransom" probably influenced the long time it took to get Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe back. He added when speaking to the BBC: "But this is not a ransom, it's a debt, and I think that decision that we should pay it in principle was taken when I was foreign secretary." Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a project manager for the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government while in Iran in September 2016, followed by a five-year sentence. Then, in April 2021, she was sentenced to another year on charges of propaganda against the government. She has consistently denied those allegations and said she was in the country to visit her family. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's remark on the number of foreign ministers over her time in detention highlights a structural problem within Government that could well have made the situation worse. The average length of a UK secretary of state's post is, at less than two years, short in itself. The fact that there were three prime ministers will have brought anything but stability and continuity to the Government's work.