The woman decided to pop out for a walk to "stretch her legs" when her colleague, who she said she doesn't like, asked her to pick her up a meal deal if she passed a shop. New to that particular office, the mum refused to buy a meal deal when she realised the only nearby shop was Marks and Spencer, where a sandwich deal would have cost around £5. So the woman, who had no intention of buying lunch for herself, told her colleague she "didn't feel comfortable" spending that much of her money without checking with her first - particularly as the colleague didn't offer any cash upfront. And the mum shared her concerns on parenting forum Mumsnet this weekend. She wrote: "In the office the other day, I was going to stretch my legs. A colleague asked me to buy her a chicken ready meal if I went near a shop. I went to Marks and Spencer to buy Percy Pigs. The ready meals were about £5. She didn't offer me money before I went, she's not in my team and I might not see her in person for months. I would probably have ended up paying for her lunch. "I also don't like her, she's rude and weird and messed with my stuff once because I was using the desk she likes. Final point, I'm vegan and don't want to buy chicken, but I was too chicken (lol) to say that. If I liked her, I would have happily bought a meal but I would have said can I get you a veggie one instead, and I wouldn't have minded if I didn't get paid back. "I told her the meals were £5 and I didn't feel comfortable spending that much of her money without her agreement. But I never had any real intention of buying one, mostly because there were no actual supermarkets nearby anyway. Context, I'm a manager and she isn't, but I'm a lone parent and broke as s***. "So, was I a total cow (YABU) [you are being unreasonable] or a diplomatic genius? (YANBU) [you are not being unreasonable]." But the majority of other Mumsnet users condemned the employee's decision, Liverpool Echo reports. One wrote: "YABU [you are being unreasonable], you should’ve just said ‘sorry I’m not going in a shop’ then she could’ve made other plans. Why so passive aggressive?" Another posted: "You come across as quite petty and seem weirdly pleased with yourself about the whole thing. You knew you had no intention of buying it so you should have just said no. If you were too 'chicken' to refuse then you could easily have said you weren’t planning to go into a shop or that you didn’t have cash." A third stated: "You come across as very unprofessional. All you needed to do was either say no, or get the money before you went. It's not rude to say no, it is rude to say you will and then come back with nothing." One mum posted: "I think it was poorly handled to be honest, either say no, or say yes and do it. As it was, presumably a fair chunk of lunch break was over and she then had to leave and get the lunch you said you'd pick up. Next time why not either say no or say sure, but I don't have any cash on me so I'll need the money now." At the time of writing, 76% of Mumnet users voted the mum wasn't being unreasonable. Meal deals are common offers in most supermarkets. Despite a rise in living costs, the likes of Asda, Co-op, Sainsbury's and Tesco cater for workers during their lunch hour. Express.co.uk, last year, explored the best value meal deals on the market. 