Kate (played by Simone Ashley) and Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) are the newest arrivals to Regency London’s marriage market in the highly anticipated second season of Bridgerton. Along with the sisters, the Netflix drama also introduces their faithful corgi, Newton, who had his fair share of scrapes on the set of the steamy period hit. Austin the corgi, better known as the Sharmas’ dog Newton, passed out on-set during the filming for Bridgerton’s second season. At the show’s second season press conference in London, Bridgerton newcomer Simone and the cast recalled working with the show’s new cast member. “I loved Newton. He listens to me!” she said. “And I like that he was strong-willed, and literally did whatever he wanted. Whether it was ‘action’ or ‘cut’, he didn’t care.” READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star Unfortunately, keeping an eye on the troublesome dog proved difficult during exterior shoots. When the cast filmed sequences outside Aubrey Hall, which stands in for Bridgerton Manor, Austin would often help himself to the pebbles in the garden. Simone recalled: “My fondest memory of him is when we were filming at Aubrey Hall. “At the front of the building is the pebbled ground, and he would just eat the pebbles. You would look down and he’d be chomping away.” Simone’s co-star Charithra also revealed Austin’s appetite for stone paths occasionally got the better of him. She exclaimed: “And then he passed out that day because he was too full! He just fell.” When asked if Austin was okay, the cast assured the audience he made a full recovery. “He makes sure he’s hydrated, that’s for sure,” Simone added. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4’s Diamond star teases return in season 2 ‘Curious’ [EXCLUSIVE]Discovery of Witches star ‘lonely’ playing Gerbert [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU delayed: NBC series set for another hiatus [UPDATE] Along with Simone and Charithra joining the main cast, Jonathan Bailey takes on a much larger role as the eldest Bridgerton child, Anthony. In season two, Anthony makes it his mission to find a wife of good social standing, but refuses to marry based on love after his heartbreak in the first instalment. However, his plans are sabotaged when the Sharmas’ arrival brings some unforeseen surprises. While his chemistry with Simone’s Kate is palpable, Jonathan struggled to get along with Bridgerton’s difficult four-legged mascot. He explained: “It was like he was cast by Andrea Arnold, like, found in the streets somewhere. All he loved was pebbles and sausage. “Quite hard to work with, but he has an innate sense of character and I really look forward to seeing what he does next.” Austin is primed to become a major star in his own right, so it may not be long before the adorable corgi is causing trouble on the sets of other major TV dramas. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Friday, March 25 on Netflix.