Vinegar’s acidity is what makes it such a good cleaner. It can help to dissolve soap scum, dirt and even sticky residues. It is considered an eco-friendly natural cleaning ingredient, although one expert has warned it can cause “permanent damage” to some surfaces. Lily Cameron, domestic cleaning expert at Fantastic Services, told Express.co.uk: “One of the most popular cleaning hacks you’ll see online promising to make your domestic life easier is white vinegar and baking soda. “White vinegar can do almost anything when it comes to cleaning and can easily be found in anyone’s kitchen cupboard. “Together with baking soda, they are the ideal combination to tackle your cleaning chores. “However, despite its praised properties as a cleaning agent, white vinegar is highly acidic and there are things you should avoid cleaning with it because it can cause more damage than good. The grainy nature of baking soda can also cause damage to certain surfaces.” READ MORE: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to remove garden weeds in spring According to the expert, there are multiple things which shouldn’t be cleaned with white vinegar as it can cause damage. This includes marble and granite surfaces, which can wear away with the use of white vinegar. The expert added: “It can cause discolouration and ruin their shiny, smooth appearance. “Baking soda will cause damage to the upper protective layer over time and eventually it will leave scratches on the marble and granite surfaces. DON'T MISS:Heating: Why households should switch their heating off this weekend [INSIGHT]Laundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [COMMENT] “These natural stone surfaces are expensive and they can end up costing you more while you are trying to save money with this cleaning hack.” Waxed furniture should also be avoided as it can help wear away and damage its shiny surface. Lily said: “Baking soda can be too hard on some finishes or sealants on wood furniture and wear it away. To be safe, buy a formulated wood cleaner. “Avoid hardwood flooring too. The acidity of white vinegar can strip away the shiny surfaces of hardwood flooring. “Baking soda can wear away the sealant used on wood floors. “To be safe, use a gentler cleaning option like warm water and soap, or a specific hardwood floor cleaner.” Utensils should also be washed with warm water and soap, avoiding white vinegar. This is also the same for kitchen knives as the acidic properties of vinegar can cause corrosion to the metal blades. This means kitchen knives will become dull. The expert added: “Also don’t use on electronic screens or rubber items. White vinegar will strip away the protective layer on the surfaces of electronic devices. “For them, it’s best to use a microfibre cloth and specially formulated cleaner for electronic screens. “The strong acidity of white vinegar can also wear down the rubber seals on fridges, washing machines and any other type of appliance. “The material will degrade over time and cause your appliances to use up more energy, leading to higher bills. “To clean them, you can still use baking soda, but instead of white vinegar, dissolve it in warm water.” The expert recommended avoiding baking soda on small kitchen appliances as the metal used to make them is usually of lower quality. This means they can get damaged quicker. Lily continued: “It’s a common practice to submerge your gold or silverware in water and baking soda to remove tarnish. “However, the mixture’s harsh nature will cause it to lose its patina and tarnish quicker afterwards.”