Gary Neville has questioned why Manchester United were not in the race to sign Luis Diaz before he signed for Liverpool. Diaz joined Liverpool from Porto in January for an initial fee of around £37.5million. Unlike some of Jurgen Klopp's previous signings, the Colombia international has made an immediate impact at Anfield. Diaz starred in the Carabao Cup final win over Chelsea last month to win the first of a potential four trophies for Liverpool this season. He already has two Premier League goals to his name in six appearances. United's recruitment strategy was discussed on the Gary Neville podcast following Liverpool's win over Arsenal on Sunday. Commentator Martin Tyler suggested United need to improve their scouting department. Tyler said: "You need the men who found [Gabriel] Martinelli, the men who found Luis Diaz, because that kind of thing isn't happening." READ MORE: Gary Neville explains why Liverpool are now favourites to win Premier League title  And Neville then admitted his surprise that United were not even in the running to sign Diaz. He says United are soon going to be in desperate need of players in the winger's position. He replied: "It's unbelievable that Diaz, Diaz was going to Tottenham, he's then gone to Liverpool - there's not even been a mention of him going to Manchester United. Manchester United are going to lose [Edinson] Cavani at the end of the season, probably going to lose [Paul] Pogba, they've lost [Mason] Greenwood, [Marcus] Rashford's out of form, [Anthony] Martial's gone to Sevilla but will probably go at the end of the season. "So you think they're going to need two or three at the end of the season in those positions and they weren't even mentioned. You watch that lad, he's not had his best game tonight Diaz, but you watch him in the Carabao Cup final and I watched him on Saturday at Brighton and I think 'what a player he is'. "Tough, aggressive, works hard, creates chances, his reaction when they give the ball away is unbelievable, sprints back. The recruitment I have to say has been disappointing for a long time." DON'T MISSGary Neville calls out Joel Glazer directly after owner breaks Man Utd 'promise' [QUOTES]Chelsea owner Abramovich linked with takeover at another club after Blues reign [REPORT]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]  Neville says United have made a few good signings in more recent times. But he reckons there must be issues with the coaching as they have failed to live up to expectations. He added: "I think it has been better in the last two or three years, I know there will be people who disagree with that. I don't think anybody at the time thought they were bad signings when they signed [Raphael] Varane or [Jadon] Sancho or Cristiano Ronaldo. "I think everyone thought they were good signings and I agree I thought they were good signings. So there is something about the coaching aspect that needs to be put right."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here