Chelsea's summer transfer plans will reportedly need to be funded by player sales with Roman Abramovich's future at the club still uncertain. The Russian billionaire caused a stir at the weekend when he announced that he will be handing over the stewardship of the club trustees of Chelsea’s charitable foundation. Reports since have indicated that some trustees aren't happy with the situation and haven't agreed to do so. And now it's being stated that Abramovich is willing to listen to offers for Chelsea, potentially bringing his 19-year tenure to an end. Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss has come out and admitted that Abramovich approached him with an offer. He said: "[Abramovich] wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. JUST IN: Abramovich stung over Chelsea demand but takeover 'a matter of time'  "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him [£1.5billion]. But Chelsea has no money. That means: those who buy Chelsea should compensate Abramovich. "As of today, we don't know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. "But I have to examine the general conditions first. But what I can already say: I'm definitely not doing something like this alone. "If I buy Chelsea, then with a consortium consisting of six to seven investors." DON'T MISS  Abramovich's stance on selling the club reportedly doesn't have an 'immediate impact' on Chelsea's transfer strategy, according to Evening Standard. It's stated that Chelsea will look to adopt the same transfer approach which they utilised last year which helped them sign Romelu Lukaku. The club-record move for Lukaku was largely funded by player sales with Fikayo Tomori, Tammy Abraham, Kurt Zouma and Marc Guehi bringing in excess of £100million. And it's claimed that Chelsea could cash in on both Armando Broja and Tino Anjorin this summer. Broja has impressed on loan at Southampton, scoring eight goals in all competitions. Meanwhile, Anjorin joined Russian Premier League outfit Lokomotiv Moscow at the start of the season before he switched to Huddersfield until the end of the season. He's yet to feature for the Championship outfit, but Southampton and other clubs are said to be interested in Anjorin. Chelsea still reportedly want to make improvements to their squad with Jules Kounde said to be the priority, along with another right wing-back.