Lewis Hamilton's rivalry with Max Verstappen will likely step up a notch this year, according to Anthony Davidson. The two F1 superstars were embroiled in a thrilling title battle last season up until the very last lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. The events which unfolded at the Yas Marina Circuit somewhat overshadowed what was one of the best F1 title battles in recent memory. Hamilton and Verstappen were constantly locked in wheel-to-wheel battles on the track with both drivers competing at the top of their game. Verstappen ultimately benefited from Michael Masi's controversial decision in Abu Dhabi to win his first world title while Hamilton missed out on the record-breaking eighth. Now the new season is just weeks away from getting started and anticipation is building on what to expect. JUST IN: Hamilton told to expect more Verstappen frustration by Horner  Hamilton took a 56-day social media hiatus after the race in Abu Dhabi and spoke out for the first time on what his emotions were at the launch of the W13 last month. The 37-year-old appeared in good spirits and made his intentions for the new season clear when he said: "If you think what you saw at the end of last year was my best, wait until you see this year." Davidson, who is part of Sky Sports F1's team, believes Hamilton's approach to the new season is to go full steam ahead at getting revenge on Verstappen for what happened last year. "When Lewis Hamilton comes out with a sentence like that, you have to take notice," Davidson said on Sky Sports. DON'T MISS  "He sure is fired up to win this thing once and for all and I think he'll be hard to beat. "He's certainly coming into this season with a very bullish mentality." He added: "There will be nothing more than Lewis wants from this season than to destroy Max Verstappen. "Let's not beat around a bush, he feels absolutely robbed as to what happened last year in Abu Dhabi, he wants to come out with a dominant car and he doesn't even want to see Max on track, I'm sure. "He just wants to show him a clean pair of heels, disappear off into the distance and win his eighth world championship." There is still some uncertainty on who will have the best package for the first race of the season in Bahrain. Pre-season testing in Barcelona last month gave some indication that both Ferrari and McLaren were on track for big improvements. But some have speculated that both Mercedes and Red Bull hid their true potential.