As the number of people who fled war-torn Ukraine surpassed the two-million mark, the Government's visa scheme for those aiming to come to the UK has come under fire, with the Home Secretary and No10 heavily criticised for providing contradictory information on the resources put in place to help those who made it to France and are now trying to legally cross the English Channel to Britain. In the House of Commons on Monday, Ms Patel was reprimanded over reports Ukrainian refugees arriving in Calais are being greeted by posters telling them to get their UK visas in Paris or Brussels. In response, the Home Secretary said: "We have staff in Calais, we have support on the ground. "It is wrong to say we're just turning people back, we're absolutely not, we're supporting those that have been coming to Calais." But later, when told that Downing Street did not believe that a VAC to process applications from Ukrainians was yet in operation, Ms Patel backtracked, telling Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper that "we are setting up another VAC en route to Calais". The Home Office later confirmed in a statement the UK was "in the process" of setting up a VAC in France, and on Tuesday ministers said the centre was likely to be sited in Lille, around 75 miles away from Calais. READ MORE: 'I'm grateful to you Boris' Ukraine's President Zelensky thanks UK In response to the revelations, Ms Patel told the Labour frontbencher she had already "made quite clear" the centre had not yet been set up and accused Ms Cooper of mishearing her earlier remarks. Then, Sir Roger Gale MP said in Parliament on Tuesday: "In response to my question yesterday, the Home Secretary said 'I have already made it clear in terms of the visa application centre that has now been set up en route to Calais that we have staff in Calais'. That was untrue and under any normal administration that in itself would be a resignation [issue]." He added: "There is no visa centre at Lille yet, in spite of the fact that the Foreign Secretary earlier this morning said that there was." Sir Roger's words in the Commons followed comments on Twitter in which the MP for North Thanet wrote: "Refugees from the war in Ukraine are being sent back to Paris or Brussels to obtain visas. "What is needed is a visa waiver scheme that allows Ukrainian children and adults with a valid Ukrainian passport to be allowed into Britain without unnecessary bureaucracy and delay." While not many Conservatives joined Sir Roger in calling for Ms Patel's resignation, there was close to full consensus the Home Office must speed up its action in face of the crisis in Eastern Europe. Tory MP Steve Brain said: "Surely we are past the UK saying we are going to have a generous scheme? It is time to deliver a generous scheme." And Conservative Alec Shelbrooke asked: "Does the Home Office recognise that this is a war of the likes that has not been seen for 80 years in Europe? "We don't want to stand in this House and listen to plans and processes, we want dates, we want action and the Home Office must react far more quickly than it’s doing and get to the point of hubs of people, get them processed and get them in." DON'T MISSUK has ‘no choice’ but to go to war if Putin invades NATO country [ANALYSIS]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [EXPLAINER]Russian losses: The REAL stats on destroyed tanks & drones, boats [REPORT] According to the UN, more than 2,011,000 people had fled the war in Ukraine as of March 8. Most of them are in Poland, while only 300 had been granted the right to enter Britain by Monday. The UK, unlike the European Union, has said it will only take Ukrainians with family connections or sponsorship by a third party. Claims by multiple sources close to Ms Patel confirmed reports on Monday that she was pushing through proposals for a third Ukrainian visa scheme. However, a spokesperson for Prime Minister Boris Johnson refused this shortly afterwards, saying the Home Secretary had been referring to a route announced last week that allows Ukrainian refugees to be sponsored to come to the UK by a third party. As about 600 refugees are currently stuck in Calais, with many saying they have been turned away for lack of paperwork, No10 confirmed on Tuesday a new visa processing site would be established in the northern French city "in the coming days". This will prevent people from having to go to Paris or Brussels to apply for their visas. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said the Government could and would do more to support refugees, and vowed his department would help the Home Office accelerate the system. He said on BBC Breakfast: "It's not the case that we are only allowing 300 people in... the system has not been quick enough, which is what we're going to address."