Nazi U-boats terrorised the Atlantic Ocean during World War 2, sinking some 2,500 allied ships. The submarines, the name of which is abbreviated from "Unterseeboot" (undersea boat), were a key part of German efforts to disrupt transatlantic trade. However, towards the end of the war, the subs were also said to be used to ferry looted treasure out of Nazi Germany. As Adolf Hitler was increasingly under pressure, he is reported to have ordered a fleet of nine specially modified cargo subs to secretly transport the spoils of war to South America. One of the special vessels was allegedly found packed with riches off the Turks and Caicos Islands near the Bahamas in 1981. Esteemed treasure hunter Roger Miklos, who died in 2018 claimed he had discovered the lost U-boat packed with billions of dollars worth of gold, treasure and art. After his death, the late explorer left an extraordinary cache of cryptic clues hinting at the underwater vessel’s whereabouts. The wealth of evidence was passed on to diver and explorer Mike Fletcher, an expert who has already found two Nazi U-boats in his career. His search for a modified, treasure-carrying U-boat – none of which have yet been found – was followed in an episode of "History's Greatest Mysteries" released in September 2021. JUST IN: Morocco offers UK 'abundant resources' to slash Russian ties and avoid energy crisis In one part of the programme, Mr Fletcher and his team searched near an abyss in a section of ocean off the Turks and Caicos. The expert told the documentary how the topography of the land matches the perplexing set of codes, descriptions, and drawings about the location of the U-boat left behind by Mr Miklos. Speaking about the abyss, he said: “We got to the edge. We looked over the edge. “Everything that Roger describes – the valley leading down, the incline – it all matches.” The programme features archive footage of the final interview Roger gave before his death. The flamboyant treasure hunter provided a detailed description of where the U-boat had come to rest beneath the waves and the moment he first swam down to take a look at it 40 years ago. He said: “I swam down 45 feet, I saw the two back propeller blades, highly polished from going up and down in the sand. “There are these enormous zeppelin fins on this damn thing and I go, ‘what?’ “And I realise ‘holy cow’ this thing goes and goes, it’s under an island. “I got to the top of the conning tower and then I notice a glint, a goldy glint colour. They put a commission plaque on the starboard side by the conning tower. DON'T MISS: ‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban's staggering response to ‘actor’ Zelensky [LATEST]Princess Eugenie's heartbreaking fear Beatrice helped young royal overcome [INSIGHT]POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock at the Oscars? [ANALYSIS] “I rubbed the grass off of it and there it is, ‘Blohm+Voss, Hamburg, 1944’ with a German eagle and swastika on the damn thing, now I know it’s German. This is a U-boat.” At the time Roger claimed he made his discovery, he and his crew had been hunting for the Pinta, one of a trio of ships Columbus used to reach the ‘New World’ in 1492. Mr Fletcher, who has decades of treasure hunting experience under his belt, described how important a discovery it would be if they found the U-boat. He said: “According to Roger, this was like a submarine freighter heading to South America with the spoils of World War 2. “Roger was on the trail of a U-boat and he was convinced that it carried billions of dollars worth of gold bullion and treasure. “So, now as we look in deeper and deeper water and more out of the way places like the Turks and Caicos, it is a big, big deal to find a U-boat.” ‘History's Greatest Mysteries’ is available on the History Channel US.