The unnamed Russian soldier said Russia justified its attack on Ukraine to its people by claiming the country was "dominated by a fascist regime". The man insisted Moscow would struggle to invade Ukraine fully as he warned attempts to keep control over the country would fail due to intense resistance. Speaking at a press conference this weekend, the Russian soldier said: "Russia cannot win here anyway. "All the variants are obvious. Even if we go till the very end – I hope this will never happen though – we can invade the territory but we cannot invade the people. "We would not be able to keep this territory. And total emptiness would be around us. We would live like on an island. "No one would talk to us and this would be fair. A Russian would be ashamed to confess that he's Russian. "He would always get thumped on the head for the deeds we do now." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He added: "I'm begging you, stop before it's too late., Give us a chance to come back home. "Make the right choice, go back home. People started rallying there, they begin to realise something." Protests took place in St Petersburg at the weekend, resulting in widespread arrests and police crackdowns. Asked about the information Russian soldiers have been receiving, the man said: "We were told that Ukraine, allegedly, we were told this while in Russia via media, that Ukraine is dominated – literally, I'm 100 percent wrong now, don't judge too harshly. READ MORE: Putin's losses mount as Ukraine forces shoot down Russian fighter jet - dramatic video "Ukraine's territory if dominated by a fascist regime, nationalists, Nazis have seized power. "Ordinary people need some help to get rid of this yoke." Vladimir Putin refused to call his actions a war but used the term "special operation" to announce the deployment of his troops into Ukraine. He has maintained Russia is not seeking to invade his neighbour but wants instead to "denazify" the Government. DON'T MISS: European panic-buyers overwhelm pharmacies over nuclear fears [VIDEO]Putin plot backfires as Finnish president announces plan to join NATO [INTERVIEW]Ukraine-Russia war: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [BLOG] The OVD-Info monitoring group said on Monday police detained 5,020 people at anti-war protests in Russia on Sunday. Russia's last protests with a similar number of arrests were in January 2021, when thousands demanded the release of Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny after he was arrested on returning from Germany where he had been recovering from nerve agent poisoning. Moscow's invasion has been condemned around the world and resulted in more than 1.5 million Ukrainians fleeing abroad. Sweeping sanctions have been imposed to isolate Russia in a way never before experienced by such a large economy.