Dele Alli’s move to Everton was supposed to get his career back on track, but the stars haven’t aligned for the midfielder at Goodison Park yet, and it appears there’s every chance that they never will. The Toffees are just one point above the relegation zone and can’t afford to take any risks as they bid to survive the drop. Alli was tipped to be one of England’s top talents after signing for Tottenham Hotspur and breaking into the first team as a teenager in 2019. But his progress at the north London outfit plateaued and he soon found himself surplus to requirements under Antonio Conte. Ever since the departure of Mauricio Pochettino, Alli’s form nosedived. Even the straight-talking man-management techniques of Jose Mourinho could not improve his ability on the pitch and on the training ground. Working under Frank Lampard at Everton looked like the ideal opportunity for Alli to regain his form, but he has made just six appearances for the club and is yet to start a single game. And TEAMtalk have revealed that just months after joining the Toffees, he could be on his way out. JUST IN: Arsenal and Tottenham primed to land Spence as Bayern stance emerges The outlet reports that Everton are considering cutting ties with Alli, which would be a major loss for Tottenham given that the north London side has not received a single penny for his services so far. Spurs let the 25-year-old leave in a deal that would be paid in instalments, but the first payment of £10million will only be played when Alli has made 20 first-team appearances, which now appears unlikely. Although Alli is out of form and hasn’t shown a spark for what seems like years, his raw ability isn’t of a player that deserves to be without a club and if Everton follow through and ‘cut the nightmare spell short’ then others will be there to snap him up. But there is still time for Alli to be Everton’s saviour this season. DON'T MISS Scotland icon McCoist names key improvement as Clarke aims for WC Liverpool's Salah fears grow, Barca make plans after star 'sent signs' End of season predictions: Liverpool to topple Man City? Big debate  Speaking about Alli to Football Insider, former Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Paddy Kenny said: “You would think a change in scenery would do him the world of good but clearly he hasn’t been training well enough. You have to question his attitude at this point, I can’t think what else would be keeping him from playing.” Lampard’s side have won just one of their five Premier League games and the former Chelsea boss will need to find answers if he is to avoid relegation. They take on West Ham after the international break before a crucial six-pointer away at Burnley three days later.