The broadcaster returns to screens this evening as host of Celebrity Mastermind on BBC One at 6:30pm. Mr Myrie will invite Anne Diamond, Shivi Ramoutar, Eilidh McIntyre and Chris McCausland to be tested on their respective specialist subjects. Tonight’s episode sees an eclectic range of topics, including British radar, US TV classic Sex and the City, fashion icon Karl Lagerfeld and Nineties grunge band Pearl Jam.  Each celebrity guest will then tackle some general knowledge questions in the hope of lifting the commemorative trophy and winning money for their chosen charity. Away from his coveted position as Mastermind chair, Mr Myrie was one of the first BBC journalists on the scene upon Russia’s invasion of Ukraine last month. The 57-year-old was widely praised for his calm reporting demeanour during the two weeks he was stationed in Kyiv. However, in 2019 the veteran journalist discussed the impact that war reporting can have. Read More: Family cancel second holiday over Covid rule Mr Myrie admitted that “horrible images” of conflict could be difficult to forget, and that some of his colleagues had suffered from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. When asked about how war can impact a journalist’s mental health Mr Myrie said: “It’s an issue that employers, particularly in journalism and the emergency services, are taking far more seriously now. “When I got into journalism that wasn’t the case and the possible impact of going to a natural disaster or a war zone ‒ what that can do to a first responder or to the journalist covering that story. “I have colleagues who have suffered from post traumatic stress as a result of what they’ve seen and what they’ve experienced.   “I haven’t had anything as deep and long lasting as that but images stay in your mind of horrible incidents and nasty events. “Sometimes it’s difficult to shake those images. “But one has to be aware that there could be something going on deeper that you’re not aware of that could come out at some point.” In the Dial Global interview, Mr Myrie added that the BBC now had counselling in place to help journalists tackle the psychological impact of war reporting. Don't Miss: Belarus-Russia: History of ties laid bare as Putin ‘will do anything’[OPINION]Putin’s rage as he called ally ‘traitor’ for marrying English woman[INSIGHT]How NATO aided Putin by supplying arms being used against Ukraine[ANALYSIS]  He continued: “So the BBC has counselling, the BBC has people who you can go to if you’ve covered a traumatic event. I was recently in Sri Lanka covering the attack on three churches in the country. “The BBC got in touch to say ‘are you okay?’ I got the email when I was out there actually. “So the BBC is hot on that kind of stuff now and it’s important.” The Mastermind host was one of the BBC’s central figures reporting from the Ukrainian capital during the early stages of Putin’s invasion. He has since explained that he used classical music to decompress when reporting in the war zone. He told PA news agency: “Some of the time we were on the curfew, we couldn’t go out and once you’ve got across the news of the day, what was happening with the conflict, I could listen to Radio 4 and Radio 3. “So it’s always been an important part of the work side of my life in being able to take me away from it, just for a few moments. “Music in general for me to be honest with you, but classical music in particular. “Classical music is important to me even when I’m in the most stressful of circumstances. “In fact it’s critical to have in stressful circumstances, because it does help you decompress and it does help you put things in perspective and does aid meditation sometimes.” Mr Myrie added that the works of Bach in particular helped Mr Myrie while reporting in Afghanistan in 1996. Watch Celebrity Mastermind on BBC One at 6:30pm. 