At the end of series 11 of Death in Paradise, Commissioner Selwyn Patterson (played by Don Warrington) seemed to be at the centre of a storyline when his ex-wife arrived in Saint Marie. As Detective Neville Parker (Ralf Little) solved the murder of a chess player, the Commissioner's ex Maggie Harper (Orla Brady) arrived at the crime scene. As the episode came to an end, Maggie dropped the bombshell they had a daughter together, which left the Commissioner reeling. Don Warrington has played the Commissioner since series one of the BBC drama. Throughout his time on the show, he has worked with a number of detectives, but it's safe to say he hasn't warmed to all of them. Ben Miller, who played DI Richard Poole, was the first detective to work with Selwyn before he was killed off at the start of season three. DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) promptly replaced Richard before he left Saint Marie to find love. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? DI Jack Mooney (Ardal O'Hanlon) was the next detective to land on the island, but he ended up leaving midway through series nine to be with his daughter in England. However, out of all of the detectives, the Commissioner hasn't warmed to DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little) the most. Ralf joined the cast during series nine and the actor confirmed he would be returning as Neville for series 12. Throughout, each series fans often come up with their own theories about the characters and the plot. And, in a recent post on Reddit, one fan has come up with an interesting theory about the Commissioner. Selwyn hasn't been the centre of many major storylines, but if the end of series 11 has anything to go by, he could have more involvement if his daughter arrives on the island. One user called 2cimarafa responded to another fan's post about the Commissioner, who branded the character their "least favourite". However, in their reply, 2cimarafa came up with the theory that the Commissioner could be a corrupt officer. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] They penned: "I love the commissioner, he’s certainly my favourite character!" Sharing their theory, they continued: "I think he was originally supposed to be some kind of possibly corrupt, well-connected Caribbean bureaucrat with a comfortable sinecure (thus the ridiculous uniform), but as time went on they developed his character (and Catherine’s). "I’m happy they did - Don Warrington is probably the best actor in the cast, and there’s a funny charm to the commissioner. "I’m glad they’re slowly showing more of his actual life." Could the Commissioner end up having a secret corrupt past that will be exposed in series 12? The actor who plays Selwyn recently opened up about what it's like to be on Death in Paradise, as he admitted: "It can go for a long, long time." “I think what’s unique about this show is not necessarily individuals, although they’re great, but it’s the format of the show itself," Don explained. “I think they’ve found a formula that works and as long as you’ve got the formula it can go on working and working, and working." “You can put it through as many changes as you like but I think this show will sustain itself through all that," he added to the Radio Times. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.