 Today, the Government unveiled plans to support the UK market to reach 300,000 public electric vehicle charge points by 2030, equivalent to almost five times the number of fuel pumps on UK roads today. The Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Strategy is backed by £1.6billion in investment which will make charging easier and cheaper than refuelling a petrol and diesel car.  New legal requirements on operators will see EV drivers pay by contactless, compare charging prices and find nearby charge points via apps. Around £500million will be invested to bring high quality, competitively priced public charge points to communities across the UK. This includes a £450million Local Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (LEVI) fund, which will boost projects such as EV hubs and innovative on-street charging, so those without driveways don’t miss out on cleaner transport. Prime Minister Boris Johnson praised the move, saying: “We’re powering ahead with plans to help British people go electric, with our expanding charging network making journeys easier right across the country. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  “Clean transport isn’t just better for the environment, but is another way we can drive down our dependence on external energy supplies. “It will also create new high-skilled jobs for our automotive and energy sectors and ultimately secure more sustainable and affordable motoring for all.” The existing £950 million Rapid Charging Fund will support the rollout of at least 6,000 high powered super-fast charge points across England’s motorways by 2035, ensuring the UK continues to lead the Western world in the provision of rapid and ultra-rapid public chargers. Ambitious and innovative charge point operators are already committed to installing an additional 15,000 rapid charge points across England’s entire road network – a quadrupling of the current offer – and over 100,000 on-street charge points by 2025. DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]Drivers warned of petrol and diesel costs despite cut to fuel duty [WARNING]Sadiq Khan urges drivers to avoid 'unnecessary' car journeys [SHOCKING]  Further investment has been made by bp pulse, who have pledged £1billion in the UK over the next 10 years, with the company looking to triple its number of charging points by 2030. Currently there are an estimated 420,000 pure-electric cars on UK roads, according to the comparison website Next Green Car. Despite this, Zap-Map highlights there are only 29,600 public charge points in the UK at the start of March. Edmund King, AA president, said: “As we advance quickly to the 2030 deadline for new zero emission vehicles it is vital that we get our charging infrastructure in order.  “Whilst great progress has been made, there is still much to do to convince drivers on the number, and importantly reliability, of charge posts. “The Government does appear to recognise that ease of use, reliability, slow roll-out for those without home charging and improving charging on motorways, are all essential. “We would like to see urgent action in all of these areas plus we have also called for more focus on charging solutions in rural locations, improvements to the customer experience in terms of safety at charge points in dark, isolated areas and accessibility for disabled drivers. “To bring confidence and power to potential electric car drivers we need more, and more reliable and accessible charge points as soon as possible.”  The Government is also mandating that operators provide real-time data about charge points, ensuring that consumers can compare prices and seamlessly pay for their charging using contactless cards. These plans will also require a 99 percent reliability rate at rapid charge points to ensure they are world-class and give consumers confidence in finding charging stations that work wherever they travel. The new strategy sets out the Government’s aim to expand the UK’s charging network, so that it is robust, fair and covers the entire country – as well as improving the consumer experience at all charge points. It is hoped this massive funding boost will support those without access to off-street parking, and on fast charging for longer journeys.