Prince Andrew had a civil sexual assault case filed against him over claims made by Jeffrey Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre. Giuffre claimed the Duke of York sexually assaulted her on three occasions when she was 17, allegations the royal has strenuously denied. The pair last month agreed on an out-of-court settlement which prevented Andrew from seeing the case being heard in front of a jury. Speaking to host Kinsey Schofield on the podcast ToDiForDaily, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams spoke of the Duke and the "disastrous period" surrounding the sexual abuse case. Mr Fitzwilliam said: "He is in total disgrace. "Indeed, I would say an international disgrace." The royal commentator went on to discuss Prince Andrew's interview with British journalist Emily Maitlis. In November 2019, the broadcaster quizzed the Duke of York over the sex abuse allegations. Mr Fitzwilliams continued: "He showed no remorse for Epstein's victims - and more for his friendship with Epstein. It was a disaster." READ MORE: Prince Philip 'spitting blood' at Megxit: Furious Duke told aide 'we were wrong' on Meghan In 2019, Jeffrey Epstein was charged with one count of sex trafficking of a minor and one count of conspiracy to commit sex trafficking. He pleaded not guilty and was later found dead in his prison cell, the death later ruled a suicide. Prince Andrew reportedly had close ties with Epstein and in the 2019 interview with Emily Maitlis, the Duke said he did not regret his friendship with Epstein. The interview received enormous amounts of public criticism and following this, the Duke voluntarily stepped back from his royal duties. "I have asked Her Majesty if I may step back from public duties for the foreseeable future, and she has given her permission," he wrote in a statement. READ MORE: 'Children's Princess!' Kate delights royal fans with sweet gesture during Jamaica tour In February 2022, it was confirmed that Prince Andrew had agreed to pay a settlement fee to bring the civil sexual assault case brought by his accuser, Virginia Giuffre, to a close. The settlement agreement has been reported to amount to as much as £12million. Following the announcement of the settlement, the Duke of York's lawsuit left Andrew facing calls to reveal how he was funding the settlement. DON'T MISS: Though the Duke's case has now closed, his reputation, in tatters, leaves little, if any, options to make his way back into public life. Prior to the settlement, the Duke was stripped of his military titles and royal patronages. Buckingham Palace claimed he would "continue not to undertake any public duties". He had previously stepped down from his public roles in what the palace originally called a "temporary retirement."