The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are visiting Pant Farm for the afternoon, honouring St David, the patron saint of Wales – or Dewi Sant, as he is known in Welsh. The farm supplies goat’s milk to local cheese producers and has been visited by a member of the Royal Family in the past. Pant Farm is a sentimental place for Prince William as his father, Prince Charles, visited the spot back in 2002. This time, owners Gary and Jess Yeomans were treated to a visit by Prince William and Kate Middleton. The couple visited Wales to celebrate St David’s Day, but also to learn about the importance of the agricultural industry to rural populations. Kate looked “ethereal” for the occasion according to some royal fans, who praised her devotion to Wales through her daffodil pin. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ The Duchess was seen smiling and laughing with the farm owners as she arrived with her husband. The couple then went to see the goats in the shed and Kate looked cheerful as she stroked them. Kate has been seen doing an array of different activities in recent week, prompting one body language expert to comment on her ability to adapt to various situations. Judi James said: “There’s something pleasantly chameleon-like about Kate’s body language and image, in particular as she appears happily able to blend into any scenario these days, from a glitzy Bond premiere red carpet to a rugby game and now a remote-looking farm in Wales.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] She continued: “Striding out in her boots and tweed jacket she looks perfectly at home in a farm setting and as engaged as her husband when it comes to questioning and listening to her hosts. “It’s a young goat that thinks otherwise though, biting at Kate’s sleeve to attract her attention and even pawing at her with one hoof in what looks like a bid to get treats. “Kate tries to carry on her chat but in the end her laughter gets the better of her and William’s widened grin suggests he’s got an idea that she’s being interrupted. “His own gesticulation with the eye contact and downward point that converts to an ‘octopus’ hand gesture suggests he’s taking in all the information he’s hearing about the farm that his father visited ten years before.” The couple were appropriately dressed for the farm too, opting for smart outerwear. Kate wore a Seeland Woodcock Advanced Hunting Jacket in the colour “shared olive”. The Duchess has previously worn the coat during her two-day tour of Denmark. Costing £189.95, the jacket looked good with the daffodil pin Kate had stuck to its lapel for the visit to Wales. She matched the jacket with a Hugo Boss red scarf, which also paid homage to Wales as it is the same colour as the nation’s famous dragon. On her feet, the Duchess opted for a pair of Chelsea boots from Blundstone. These currently cost £163.56, but can be purchased even cheaper, for £109.50, on Amazon. Kate wore minimal make-up for the trip to the farm, and her hair was curled into natural-looking ringlets.