Speaking during last night's programme filmed from Norwich, the man said the West had let the Russian President “get away” with aggression and had done “nothing” about it. He went on to slam the 2010 defence review as “utterly disgraceful” as the UK wouldn’t be able to do anything if it wanted to due to defence cuts.  He said: “I find it slightly incredulous that you talk about not knowing what Putin wants. “To my mind, it’s utterly obvious what Mr Putin wants and he’s been sabre rattling for the last couple of decades. The West has just let him get away with it. “He’s annexed Crimea, he’s been trying to make inroads into the east and we’ve done absolutely nothing about it. “The West has totally given up trying to do anything about it and this goes back to 2010 when there was a big defence review.  “We’ve stripped this country of any kind of military power. “So we couldn’t do anything even if we wanted to and the sanctions we’re putting in place are totally meaningless unless we have some sort of armed force that can go in there and show we mean business. “I think it’s utterly disgraceful we’ve got to this situation.” Host Fiona Bruce responded to the man’s point about military force by asking a question of her own. READ MORE: Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction  She said: “Do you include a nuclear force in that”? In response, the man said that NATO was advocating a no-fly zone as an alternative to the use of nuclear weapons. He said: “This is why NATO are wading in now and saying we have to have a no-fly zone because they’re concerned we’ll be dragged into a nuclear war.” However Russian born comedian Konstanin Kisin dismissed the idea of NATO implementing a no-fly zone over Ukraine. DON'T MISS:  FMQs: 'This is important' Fury as Sturgeon shuts down qs on £2bn  [REVEAL] Keir Starmer urged to suspend Labour Birmingham Erdington candidate [INSIGHT] POLL: Do you think Brexit contributed to the invasion of Ukraine? [SPOTLIGHT]   He quipped: “But you can’t have a no-fly zone. “A no-fly zone means British and American people shooting down Russian planes, then you’re in world war three and you have nuclear war. “We’ve got to be sensible about this.” 