EastEnders viewers will know Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) has killed three times and would do anything to stop his murderous secret from being exposed. However, as the net closes in on him, will Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) find herself in grave danger before the police have a chance to arrest the lawyer? In upcoming scenes, Gray and Chelsea prepare to bring their son Jordan home. Over the past few weeks, Gray had convinced his new wife she wasn’t capable of looking after their son. However, Gray’s attack at the hands of Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) gave Chelsea some breathing space. The new mum will be concerned over the idea of bringing her vulnerable son home with Gray. But, when Chelsea and Denise Fox (Diane Parish) arrive at the hospital they’re stunned to see Gray is nowhere to be found. Read more: EastEnders icon Patrick Trueman dead as Isaac Baptiste bids farewell? Chelsea then receives a call from a panicked Gray demanding she returns home immediately. He tells her they are going away from the square for a few weeks and there’s no time to say goodbyes. The new mum is understandably confused especially considering their son’s fragile state. The lawyer shuts down her concerns but Chelsea is alarmed when she can hear banging on the other side of the door. She soon realises Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) is to blame which confuses Chelsea further. Back in Walford, Shirley tries to break Gray’s door down after being told by Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) about her suspicions Gray killed Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White). Meanwhile, Chelsea arrives home and is surprised to see Gray waiting for her. She musters the courage to ask her husband for the truth. DON'T MISSEastEnders twist as Chelsea pushed to breaking point by Whitney? [SPOILER]EastEnders horror as Tommy Moon claims first murder victim? [THEORY]EastEnders exit: Why is Stevie Basaula leaving as Isaac Baptiste? [INSIGHT] Will he finally come clean and tell his wife what really happened to Chantelle or will he continue to lie? EastEnders spoilers confirm Chelsea’s confrontation “may be the last thing she does”. In a tragic turn of events, history may repeat itself as Gray lashes out and kills his wife in the same heartbreaking way Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) died. The BBC soap has teased that time is finally running out for Gray. But will help arrive in time for Chelsea or will the lawyer be arrested for his crimes while his wife fights for her life? In an interview with OK! magazine, actor Toby teased Gray is “capable of killing” Chelsea. He said: “He is very much a caged animal and if he is put in a position where he has to make a decision, it is fight or flight, then he will do whatever it takes. “I think he’d go to any length to protect himself. “He is very much a coward and will do whatever it takes to keep himself safe.” EastEnders airs on BBC One on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at 7.30pm.