Today's astrology is jam-packed with a New Moon and aspects with the Sun, Jupiter, Uranus, Mercury and Saturn. In general, we can look forward to dreams coming true, big ideas, and an enhanced ability to focus and communicate. Express.co.uk reveals your daily horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 2. The major event of the day is the New Moon in Pisces, which will encourage us all to take a leap of faith. Cafe Astrology predicted: “We’re motivated to carve out time for peaceful and rejuvenating activities or to entertain a dream, and perhaps share it with someone special. “With this potent Pisces energy, we have the chance to make important changes in our lives in the weeks ahead.” Dreams can become reality under a Pisces New Moon and New Moons, in general, represent a “new chapter or cycle that will come to fruition in six months, leading up to the Full Moon,” Astrology.com’s mystics said. READ MORE- Pisces New Moon horoscope: When’s the next New Moon? The New Moon isn’t all sunshine and rainbows, it may feel a little wobbly and unstable. Astrology.com said: “The line between fantasy and reality thins with unbridled receptiveness — perfect for visualising your New Moon manifestations. “The nebulous New Moon may feel elusive and evasive, so you may struggle to feel tethered to reality. “Since the Moon will conjunct the sun and Jupiter throughout the day, expect to feel especially sentimental. “Emotions will flow like a river, so spurts of crying may fluidly come and go.” The New Moon is charged with even more fortune because it’s at aspects to lucky Jupiter and expansive Uranus. Astrology King explained: “The New Moon joins Jupiter to bring personal, material, and spiritual growth. “The sextile Uranus adds exciting and unique opportunities for Jupiter’s growth and good fortune. “Mercury-Saturn and Venus-Mars-Pluto make this a very intense and potentially challenging New Moon, but there is reason to be optimistic with Jupiter joining a fixed star that promises happiness and success.” DON'T MISS...Zodiac signs: Aries to expect 'intense chemistry' next week [INFORMER]Horoscope experts reveal top compatible celebrity couples [INSIGHT]Horoscopes & love: Most ‘unique’ sign needs to look for one thing [EXPLAINER] The Sun in Pisces is sextile Uranus in Taurus until this Friday, bringing excitement and opportunities. Astrology King explained: “Curiosity and inventiveness allow you to make new discoveries, and find new ways of doing things that can lead to greater efficiency. “This is a good time for socialising and group activities.” Astrology.com added: “Anything could happen when the Sun sextiles Uranus, linking the mystical ego with the security-focused rebel. “Elusive magic becomes gently guided and redirected with authenticity, thanks to the sextile! “The collective might feel more receptive to accepting their quirks with compassion.” Mercury and Saturn are also up to some tricks today, with the pair of planets conjunct in Aquarius. This transit brings critical thinking which needs to be applied to serious or challenging mental work, Astrology King said. The site explained: “Without a productive outlook for your intellect, your mind may dwell on negatives and you would find it difficult to get out of such a rut.” Astrology.com added: “The conjunction aligns the mind of a mad genius with the innovative master malefic. “Saturn curtails Mercury’s wandering mind, encouraging a more disciplined approach to conversation, education, and mental processing.”