Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge rode in the same Land Rover used by the Queen and the late Duke of Edinburgh during their trip to Jamaica in 1953. The uplifting vibe of the event appeared to have been overshadowed, however, by backlash from the public over the couple's questionable choice of transport. In the royal tour images released, Prince William and Kate can be seen standing in the open-top vehicle while waving to spectators as they are driven slowly though the military parade. Speaking to Sky News, journalist and royal biographer Angela Levin spoke of the photo opportunity and described it as being "forced" upon the couple, particularly the Duke "who apparently didn't want to do it either". Ms Levin detailed the Land Rover photograph as "a very big mistake." "We don't really want to go back to the 1950s and 60s, we are now in a different era." This comes after the Cambridges having been strongly condemned for perpetuating 'colonial' ideals after deciding to ride in the same Land Rover as Her Majesty and the late Duke of Edinburgh in 1953. READ MORE: How to watch Prince Philip's memorial service on TV or live stream Ms Levin added that the Government "insisted" the photo opportunity happen and that it "wasn't his [William's] fault" She continued: "It should have all been talked through beforehand. "The aides should have said no, we don't think this is a good idea but nobody seemed to listen." The royal expert also highlighted another photo opportunity that was undertaken whereby the couple shook hands with spectators standing behind a fence. She noted the people who had come to greet the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge looked like they were "in some sort of camp and they can't get out": "I think that was a terrible mistake." READ MORE: 'Should be Lord Chancellor' Royals in Queen's speech protocol change as Monarch steps back The Duke and Duchess arrived back in the UK this weekend after an 8-day tour around the Caribbean. The tour, which was in celebration of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee this year, saw the couple make three stops. The stops included Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. Prince William and Kate's visit to their second stop in Jamaica was met by widespread protests from locals. Many demanded that the British monarchy atones for their acts of slavery in the island nation with reparations. On Wednesday, The Duke acknowledged the issue during a dinner hosted by the country's Governor-General, however, he stopped short of apologising for the Royal Family's role in the crimes. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] His words were similar to that of his father, Prince of Wales, who described the slave trade as an “appalling atrocity” during a visit to Barbados last year. In the speech, Prince William pledged to "respect the decisions" of countries that have chosen to cut ties with the monarchy. He added that “we respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica, and Belize when it comes to their future.” After the speech, Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to apologise for Britain's historic role in the slave trade.