Kate Middleton has appeared at the 1st Battalion Irish Guards' St. Patrick's Day Parade with her husband Prince William. The Duchess of Cambridge looks fantastic in a green buttoned coat dress, as is customary on St Patrick's Day to wear green. The dress is a gorgeous £3,200 Laura Green London dress. Royal fan @CaraLevasseur tweeted: "Fabulous coat!" Kate appears to be wearing her UFO emerald and diamond earrings that she has worn many times before. They feature a single oval cut emerald stone bordered with 10 round diamonds. They dangle from a bezel-set diamond stud, and look lovely on the Duchess. READ MORE: Kate dazzles in striking green as Duchess joins Prince William The earrings are also remarkably similar to her sapphire diamond earrings which match her engagement ring. Kate is also sporting a matching hat to go with her coat dress, which is in the same dark green colour. It features a bow on the side of it, whilst holding up her brown locks in a low bun. The Duchess' shoes are her Emmy London 'Rebecca' heel stilettos in green and cost £395 to purchase. Kate is wearing minimal makeup for the occasion, however does appear to be wearing a lot of mascara. As is traditional for Ireland's feast day, the Duchess is donning a stylish golden Shamrock brooch. Kate's matching green hat to go with her Laura Green dress is by Lock & Co. Hatters. The piece retails for a whopping £545 and is currently sold out due to being worn by the Duchess. The Duchess was totally elegant in her teal outfit today while on military duty.  Her dress is new and is in the 'Emilia' style. It features an exaggerated collar, a neatly belted waist and military-inspired detailing. The leather buttons are a nice touch too for the Duchess. Kate was also wearing a touch of nude lipstick to go nicely with her very green outfit. The Duchess is not the only royal who has recently worn Laura Green.  Zara Tindall, the Queen's eldest granddaughter, wore a Laura Green houndstooth coat dress to the Cheltenham Festival earlier this week. The Duchess' coat dress is described online as a 'distinguished piece cut in speckled hunting green military wool'. Kate went on to present the traditional sprigs of shamrock to the Officers and Guardsmen who will in turn issue it along the ranks. Prince William could be seen proudly watching his wife perform these symbolic acts. It marks the first time the parents-of-three have attended the parade since the start of the coronavirus pandemic. 