Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith presented the next charity instalment of the show, but musician Yung Filly ended up with a "grim" mess after he forgot to put flour into his mixture for chocolate fondant cakes. Viewers of Celebrity Bake Off commented on the pudding's likeness to "cow pat" as they watched the Channel 4 "disaster" unfold. Ruby Wax, Gareth Malone, Laura Whitmore and Yung Filly took part in the latest episode of the Great British Bake Off charity spin-off. The celebrities were tasked with making fruit turnovers, chocolate fondant and finally, meringues depicting their most embarrassing moments. During the chocolate fondant pudding challenge, the novice bakers were expected to add a melt-in-the-middle white chocolate centre. Yung Filly started off feeling confident while creating his gooey puddings, stating: "This is easy, I got this." READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith He later told presenter Matt Lucas he felt "very confident" about how his bake would turn out. Later, the musician was delighted to be close to finishing as he yelled: "Oh my God, I'm nearly done! I have a feeling mine's going to come out really nice." Actress Ruby Wax joked: "You said that last time and look what happened!" However, while the puddings were in the oven and time was running out, he suddenly gasped: "Oh no, I forgot the flour!" When it was time to serve the puddings, the four "cakes" turned into a liquid mess which didn't stay in shape. Soon, viewers were commenting on Yung Filly's hilarious blunder. Twitter user Craig Geerthsen asked: "Was this challenge to make cow pats?? #GBBO." Sara wrote: "They look like cow pats #GBBO," while Roz commented: "Cow patt galore! #GBBO." DON'T MISS... The Chase fans criticise 'disappointed' player's 'difficult' questions [REACTION]EastEnders theory: Double exit as Kat and Tommy Moon leave Walford? [THEORY]Peaky Blinders boss talks leaving out Mosley details from series [LATEST] Ariadne posted a photo of Yung Filly's bake, captioning it: "The Brothers Grim Puddings. #gbbo #bakeoff." Siobhan penned: "Literally all the baker's fondants were disasters apart from Ruby's lol. This is hilarious." Lianne added: "No idea who Filly is, but you've got to love a trier Brilliant #GBBO," (sic) Jonsta remarked "Yung Filly thought he had those chocolate puddings wrapped up. Then he served them #GBBO." "Absolute disaster from Yung Filly! #GBBO," sophieTucker88 wrote. Gareth Malone ended up being crowned star baker of the week. Reflecting on his success, he commented: "I won! And we've raised money for Stand Up to Cancer." "This was so fun, I'm sad it's coming to an end," Yung Filly stated. "For them to give up their time and bake for Stand Up to Cancer is a wonderful thing to do," Paul shared at the end of the episode. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for SU2C continues on Tuesday at 8pm on Channel 4.