Properties are an amazing investment as they are a place where homeowners can call home for many years to come. Not only that, it’s also a place that you can increase the value of significantly. The number of people making home improvements soared last year, with 20 percent of people looking to increase the value of their home. With that in mind, property experts at Edwards London have shared the “key” ways to add “immense” value to a home. The property experts said: “There are plenty of weird and wonderful ways that can help with adding value to your property. “So forget about building an extension or renovating the kitchen, now is the time to implement these other methods to transform your humble abode.” Waterfront properties are usually pretty high in demand. The experts explained: “If you get fishing rights you can increase the value of your home by around 15 percent. “Even better, if you have a stream, lake or millpond containing trout or salmon you can add up to 30 percent in value.” READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it As the average UK house price stands at £278,123, according to Halifax, obtaining a pond containing trout or salmon homeowners can add an extra £83,436.90 to their property value. Not only that, but houses that have these small ponds or streams tend to be part of stunning natural landscapes with amazing views that can further improve the value. The property experts also revealed that adding a pizza oven to a home can add 26 percent to its value. The experts said: “Pizza ovens are highly sought after when looking to purchase a property as they can totally transform an outdoor space. “It’s a great way of entertaining guests or keeping the little ones occupied. DON'T MISS:Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [EXPERT]How to water your roses - 4 top tips to help your roses thrive [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share the ‘trick’ to cleaning kitchen bins [COMMENT] “So, now you can throw the best pizza party in your back garden and in turn boost the value of the property.” For those who wouldn’t mind adding an extra 22 percent to their property value, they should consider installing a wine fridge. This is a win-win situation as homeowners will reap the financial benefits whilst having perfectly chilled wine. The property experts said: “You can get freestanding wine fridges for your kitchen for around £200. “Alternatively, if you have some existing cupboard space or extra room beneath your breakfast bar you can install one there for around £400. “Both ways will add immense value to your home and act as a key focal point in your gorgeous kitchen.” Another innovative way of increasing the value of a home is by installing solar panels. Homeowners can help out the environment whilst decreasing their monthly gas and electric bills making it appealing to many households. The experts added: “Solar panels can be as discreet as you want them as they are often available to purchase in darker colours so that they blend into the exterior. “However, they usually cost around £4,000 to install them but the financial gain is pretty substantial.” It has also been proven that purchasing a house near a Waitrose or if a new store is being built in the neighbourhood, it can drastically increase the value of your home. Research conducted by Lloyds Bank found that the presence of this high end grocery store can add a whopping £35,000 to a house value. So now homeowners can purchase truffle oil and champagne from their favourite supermarket and in return obtain financial benefits.