The Duchess of Cambridge will reportedly make shorter trips on her own focusing on subjects that matter to her. It comes as Kate and William are said to be determined to do things "the Cambridge way" going forward. The potential change follows a tour of the Caribbean marred by protests as Jamaica makes republican noises. A source told the Evening Standard: “Catherine has supported her husband magnificently and with real style too. "But they are both older now and have their own interests. “She is passionate about early childhood development and learning for example.” William and Kate faced criticism during their eight-day tour of Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas. The Cambridges were accused of being "tone deaf" after they were seen greeting crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston, while images of them standing in the back of a Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica which was denounced as smacking of "colonialism". As the trip came to a close at the weekend, the Duke issued a statement insisting it was up to the people to decide if he should ever be head of the Commonwealth. A source said: “The prince believes that for him, the days of ‘never complain’ are over. “He won’t be speaking out regularly but believes if the monarchy has something to say, then it should say it.” READ MORE: Kate and Prince William 'set up' as protest derailed Jamaica visit Another insider added that William and Kate plan to "rip up the rulebook" and do things their way. The source told the Sun: “William and Kate will modernise how they work. It’s a breath of fresh air. “They were bruised by attacks that their Caribbean trip harked back to the colonial age. "In future they will rip up the rule-book and do things ‘The Cambridge Way’. DON'T MISSWilliam plans to END Queen's never explain rule in royal revolution [INSIGHT]Monarchy holds the key to Global Britain, writes JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Royal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted [LIVE BLOG] "They’re trying to work out what that will look like. “It is not a criticism of how it was done in the past. But times are changing.” It comes after media coverage of William and Kate's tour was split, with some emphasising the positive impact of their presence in the Caribbean, while others described the fence photos as a "PR disaster". In his statement as the trip came to a close, the Duke said: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. "Catherine and I are committed to service. For us that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have. "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world. "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can." 