  Soap actress Beverley Callard has admitted she once begged to be in Ricky Gervais’ critically acclaimed TV series, After Life. The Coronation Street star made no secret of her desire to star in the well-received Netflix show.     Beverley, 64, played the iconic role of Liz McDonald in Coronation Street for 31 years. The star quit the ITV soap almost two years ago and now appears to have Netflix in her sights. In an interview, Beverley confirmed that despite having a “few secret projects” lined up, she was keen to star in Ricky’s popular comedy-drama series. She even went on to ask the comedian if she could have a role in his show after meeting him for the first time at the National Television Awards. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts      Speaking about the moment, she confessed: “I've never done that in my 45 years of working. “I am hoping it will happen - he was really flattered and absolutely lovely.” However, Ricky has since confirmed that his show would not be returning for another season. The series creator had a similar attitude towards his iconic series The Office, which he chose to end after just two series despite its immense popularity.     Beverely’s ambitions to star alongside Ricky comes after the ITV legend revealed the struggles she experienced during her time on the cobbles. The actress explained how her demanding work schedule left her with no work-life balance. “As an actor, you’re scared to say no to a job,” she began. “But the scripts came and I thought I’ve just got to trust my instincts really. READ MORE... POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST] Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]      “It’s not nine to five, it’s like seven until ten at night and it’s six days a week. “It’s really full-on and you have no life, like it used to be a lot harder years ago when the cast was smaller,” she revealed in an exclusive interview with The Sun’s TV Mag. This week, Beverley returns to our screens in Gold’s new comedy-drama series Newark, Newark. The show will star Gavin & Stacey's Mat Horne, comedienne and writer Morgana Robinson and Misfits actress Lauren Socha.      Meanwhile, Ricky’s show After Life sees Tony, a local journalist, struggle with the death of his wife, Lisa. As the show begins, it’s his beloved dog looking hungrily at her dinner bowl that stops him from taking his own life. The show, which asks big questions about the purpose of living, has won acclaim from critics and audiences alike. Series three of AfterLife is available to stream now on Netflix.   