Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's admission after Tuesday's 1-0 defeat to Inter Milan at Anfield could concern fans hoping to lift a seventh Champions League this season. The Reds were beaten on the night but progressed to the quarter-finals with a 2-1 aggregate triumph over Inter. After their success at the San Siro last month, Liverpool entered the game with a two-goal advantage but failed to add to their lead in another uninspiring performance. Lautaro Martinez opened the scoring on 61 minutes with an unbelievable long-range strike, spiking the tension in Anfield through the roof. But just minutes later, Alexis Sanchez saw red after a reckless challenge earned his second yellow card of the game. And the Chilean's moment of madness all but ended Inter's hopes as Liverpool lost 1-0 on the night but progressed into the last eight on aggregate. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Liverpool survive scare despite Inter defeat  After full-time, Klopp admitted it's a good thing that Liverpool don't have to face the Serie A champions every week. He told BT Sport: "Over the two legs, I think it is fair. We won one and they won one. It was a very interesting game, but in the end we lost which isn't cool, but we respect Inter - they caused us a lot of problems. "We are through, and that is the main target. Sometimes you face teams like Leeds, where you face a man-marking side. "You have to move a lot, which we did, but maybe we didn't do it smart enough - and we lost a lot of simple balls. It was tricky - in the end, it's good we don't face Inter every week!" READ MORE: Man Utd target Erik ten Hag has big condition for staying at Ajax Klopp criticised three aspects of his side's performance, which will undoubtedly have to improve if the Reds are to go all the way in this year's competition. "The difficulties we had were pretty close to what we expected. Inter are a really good side," Klopp explained. "They are made for these games. We had a lot of chances which we didn't use, they didn't have many, but they scored. "We needed to do better in possession. The counter-press wasn't really there, which I didn't like. We were lacking momentum tonight." Mohamed Salah also spoke in the aftermath, suggesting complacency was potentially Liverpool's downfall at Anfield. "We need to start better from the beginning, we need to push a little bit more," Salah explained. "Maybe in the back of our mind we felt we were a little bit overconfident, but it's a good game for us to take and learn from. "It's always important to win a game, but like tonight we hit the post twice, had a lot of chances, but that can happen in football and the good thing is that we qualified." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.