Residents of Arthington Place were woken up at around 1.30am to armed police raiding a house in the nearby vicinity, according to LeedsLive. Images from the scene show a number of police and ambulance vehicles. A cordon was in place on the road, in the Hunslet area of south Leeds, since this morning. According to the Yorkshire Evening Post, the cordon was lifted at around 1.45pm. One resident told the outlet he saw three men being detained by police - two in the early hours of this morning, and one at around 3pm this afternoon. He said he saw the property's residents, a mother and a young child, leave the house shortly after police around at around 2.30am.    Locals told LeedsLive that they heard shouting on the street, and that there had been around twelve armed police officers sighted. One neighbour, who wished not to be named, told the publication that there was a hostage situation taking place, and that a man and a woman were in the house. Other residents said that they saw someone enter the house with a shotgun, shortly before armed police arrived on the scene. A spokesperson for West Yorkshire Police said that officers initially arrested three men and a woman, before putting an "armed containment" in place while the property was searched for other suspects.  They said that around 12.20pm another man was detained in the house and arrested. The arrests are connected to an aggravated burglary in Bradford on February 21, after a firearm was discharged. Police also searched another address in the area in connection to the incident. According to one witness, residents were advised by police not to leave the area while the cordon was in place.   As of 11.40am this morning, they said: "There's a cordon up at the top, but my husband can't go to work you see, it's all cordoned off and one of the armed guards told my husband to go back inside. "He's let his boss know what's happening, but we're just sat here; we can't go out." Joanne Rankine, who lives on the street, said that children had been left "traumatised" by events. She added: "Nothing like this happened we had armed police years ago but not recently.  "We’ve never had anything bad like this never seen that on this street." Ms Rankine's daughter, Rachel, said her friend's children were also upset by the police presence this morning. Another resident said that the early morning commotion had happened "just over the road" and had awoken her husband, who heard shouting. 