The second season of the ITV sitcom landed on screens earlier this month and stars Brenda Blethyn as cafe owner Kate and Okorie Chukwu as asylum-seeking doctor Koji. The latest episode saw Kate allow Koji to run her cafe while a medium wanted feedback on a novel he had written. However, viewers were left divided over the instalment, with some questioning why the show was renewed for a second series. Vera actress Brenda has returned to the series, but Okorie has replaced Jimmy Akingbola as Koji. The show follows the unlikely friendship between old-fashioned seaside cafe owner Kate and Koji. In the first episode, Kate learned more about the African doctor's situation and discovered he was unemployed. By the second instalment, Kate gave Koji the chance to run the cafe at which he thrived. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? The episode was packed full of witty one-liners, but swarms of ITV viewers took to social media as they were left unamused. Gaz Richardson fumed: "How on earth did this #KateAndKoji get a second series, never mind a prime time 9pm slot on ITV?! Utterly dreadful." Charlie Gaze remarked: "I thought this had been axed? As funny as toothache. #KateAndKoji" @Goldie_Rush added: "Where is the comedy?? This is 1980s tripe, bad accents and bad acting. Nice one @itv for trying... #KateAndKoji."  @Davogray exclaimed: "#kateandkoji I don’t get how this got a second series. Baffles me. Oh well good for them." Despite the backlash, many other viewers were thrilled to watch the latest episode and appreciated the "old fashioned" humour throughout. Mitchell Webb commented: "I love this because it’s like the proper old fashioned comedy in the days before we had to worry about what we say and do! Comedy like this is so important #kateandkoji." @AJEasmon said: "Hats off to #kateandkoji, I needed that laugh right now. More of these types of sitcoms need to be on our screens again." DON'T MISS...'Want it back' Brenda Blethyn admits left 'horrified' over Vera change [LATEST]Brenda Blethyn’s honest take on acting role that ‘scares her to death’ [INSIGHT]Brenda Blethyn details how she transforms into beloved DCI Vera  [INTERVIEW] Okorie discussed his debut during a recent appearance on This Morning and revealed why he accepted the role. The actor said: “I think I read the script and I really felt a connection with Koji. "When the job was offered I did think it was an unusual way to onboard the show but it was a hit show and I thought it was an amazing comedy.” Okorie replaced Jimmy as he had accepted the role of Geoffrey on the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reprisal.  Kate and Koji premiered two years ago on March 18, 2020, and won itself a loyal fanbase. The first series was made up of six episodes and series two will be the same in length. Unless there are any schedule shake-ups, season two's finale will air on April 20. Kate and Koji continues next Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. 