Shane Warne was left stunned when Two and a Half men star Charlie Sheen admitted that he regretted not bedding the late cricket star's ex-fiance, Liz Hurley. The American actor made the revelation during an event in 2016 which saw him open up to former newspaper editor Piers Morgan about his romantic regrets, while Shane was sitting only feet away. Charlie was quizzed about his love life by former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers Morgan, and opened up about his one regret concerning the English rose. Speaking in an intimate chat at London's Theatre Royal six years ago, the US actor revealed that he missed the boat when it came to courting the Austin Powers star. When probed by Piers over which celeb he wished he could have bed, the star didn't hesitate before admitting that it was Liz Hurley. However, the Platoon actor soon found himself red-faced after Piers revealed that the Bedazzled actress' ex partner, Shane, was sitting in the audience. READ MORE: ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen Shane and Charlie were even introduced to one another in the latter's dressing room before the talk started. The revelation looked to leave Charlie feeling a little flustered as he started laughing, with Piers further stirring the pot by adding: "It's now got very awkward." Piers also addressed the blunder in his tribute to the cricket star in his column for The Sun today. Speaking about the moment, he wrote: "Charlie was horrified. "HE’S her EX?" "He is…" Piers said. "Oh man," he shouted out at Shane, "I’m sorry!" "Afterwards, Shane texted me to say: 'What a classic! That kind of s**t only ever happens to me, hahaha!'" he penned. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan left ‘utterly devastated’ over the death of Shane Warne [UPDATE]Shane Warne Liz Hurley romance: Inside late cricketer's relationship [ANALYSIS]Shane Warne 'missed the love' with Liz Hurley on 'happiest' days [INSIGHT] Australian sportsman Shane was engaged to Liz for three years before they called time on their relationship in 2013. Shane died of a suspected heart attack at the age of 52, with his death confirmed earlier today in a statement from his management. They said that he had been found unresponsive in his villa on the Thai island of Koh Samui. The statement read: "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." In an earlier statement, Piers wrote: "Absolutely devastated to hear that @ShaneWarne has died from a heart attack aged just 52. “He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. “Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company.”