A royal author has revealed that Queen Elizabeth II was "thrilled" when Ronald Reagan invited her to visit Hollywood in 1983. President Reagan, formerly a Hollywood film star, hosted the monarch during a reception in Holywood attended by the biggest A-list celebrities of the time. Mr Hardman told BBC Breakfast: "[The Queen] got on very well with Reagan and he had that wonderful visit to Windsor in 1982 when they went riding together in the park. "He absolutely loved that and said you must come and see Hollywood and she loves Hollywood. "She had always wanted to go and if you're a monarch you always had to go to Washington if you're the head of state because that's where it happened. "Reagan said, look, forget all that comes to Hollywood, and the Queen was actually thrilled to go to Hollywood and Reagan being an ex-actor laid on this fabulous lunch but couldn't work out of all these A-listers. "I mean, imagine the sort of jostling for position in Hollywood." He added: "So he took a rather weird decision, which was I'll put all the British actors on the same table as the Queen and of course, that really annoyed all the American actors. "So Julie Andrews was with the Queen. "Julie Andrews husband was so annoyed he walked out because he wasn't with the Queen, so you can't always get it right." The royal biographer also revealed how the Queen once secured a standing ovation from the US Congress during a royal visit to America in 1991 with a quickwitted quip after a podium mishap threatened to overshadow the tour. Mr Hardman told BBC Breakfast: "In 1991, the Queen arrived in Washington on this big state visit just after the Gulf War, and it would have been long prepared and George Bush Senior gave this very nice speech of welcome. "He's about six foot three, and then it was the turn of the Queen who's about a foot shorter to then sort of say thank you, and she went up to the podium and the podium was meant to lower for her and for some reason it didn't. "But the result was that all anybody could see was the top of her head." DON'T MISS Prince Harry book: Kate set to be 'disrespected' as concerns raised [INSIGHT]Worrying reason why Queen missing Commonwealth Day service [VIDEO]Harry and Meghan slammed as Sussexes 'respond to issue of the day' [ANALYSIS] He added: "A US commentator famously at the time said 'All I got me was a talking hat', and at the Palace, to this day they call it the talking hat speech." Mr Hardman continued: "But I interviewed George Bush Jr for this book, and he said that the head of protocol after that got an absolute roasting from his father, nearly got fired. "But the Queen took it all on him very good heart and the next day she was addressing Congress and began by saying I hope you can all see me today at which point she got a standing ovation after 10 seconds so it all went well."