A brand new promo for the upcoming NCIS double bill on CBS has teased yet another high-stakes series of missions for the LA team. In the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles, Special Agent G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) heads undercover when another agent’s partner is killed, but the teaser has hinted not everything will go to plan. Callen’s cover could be blown in the upcoming NCIS: LA double bill, airing back-to-back this Sunday. A short and sweet preview for the two episodes, Bonafides and Pandora’s Box, has given fans a sneak peek at the coming action. The promo kicks off with an intense shootout involving the team’s newest member, Devin Roundtree (Caleb Castille). Meanwhile, Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) screams for joy in the back of a car having possibly received some good news. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show However, the biggest turning point in the trailer happens when Callen comes face-to-face with one of his targets. This tense encounter could be the first clue the leader’s undercover job goes sideways. The logline for episode 13, Bonafides, reads: “When DOJ Agent Lance Hamilton’s partner is killed, Sam dons his previous undercover persona of ‘Switch’ to find the culprit. “Also, Kensi, Deeks, Roundtree and Kilbride work to catch an aerospace engineer who stole classified Navy schematics.” Lance Hamilton (Bill Goldberg) will be returning to make his first appearance in the series since the season 11 episode, Watch Over Me. He’ll be after the NCIS’s help when his partner is killed, but is Callen the right man for the job? The trailer hints he may be in over his head when he interrogates a suspect by grabbing his neck and holding him at gunpoint. Although he’ll start the case as Switch, it appears Callen could quickly fall back into agent-mode when the mission is compromised. DON'T MISS:Power Book 4’s Diamond star teases return in season 2 ‘Curious’ [EXCLUSIVE]Discovery of Witches star ‘lonely’ playing Gerbert [INSIGHT]Law and Order SVU delayed: NBC series set for another hiatus [UPDATE] If the agent’s suspect isn’t the man he’s looking for, he could alert the other targets and blow his cover before he has time to gather more intel. A chilling warning from Admiral Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) also suggests a disastrous setback for the LA Special Agent in Charge. “This is a day you’re going to remember fondly,” he tells someone off-screen. While the other person in the conversation isn’t revealed, Kilbride could be giving Callen an ironic talking-to after his mission was fumbled. Alternatively, there could be a chance the clip with Callen could be from the next episode, which also involves an undercover mission. The synopsis reads: “NCIS investigates the robbery of a high-end arts storage by going undercover as potential buyers on the black market, to find who is behind the stolen items.” As Callen’s name isn’t mentioned, there’s a chance the rest of the team will have to step up for the undercover case while their boss takes a backseat. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.