Mercedes believe Max Verstappen was 'taught a lesson' in the British Grand Prix last season after his first-lap collision with Lewis Hamilton at Silverstone in July meant he could not complete the race.  Verstappen went into the race 33 points ahead of Hamilton with just nine races gone and was billed as the clear favourite to win the Drivers' Championship. The Dutchman took pole position in qualifying to leave himself as easy a task as possible ahead of the race in Northamptonshire in the summer. But after starting well on the grid, he was closely shadowed by Hamilton throughout the first lap. After the Brit went to go round the Belgian-born star, the duo collided - with Red Bull citing the move as unfair in the aftermath.  MUST READ: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  But on the Netflix series Drive to Survive, which aired its third season on Friday, Mercedes chiefs can be heard stating the incident would teach Verstappen 'a lesson'. "They were side by side and he didn't give him room. Lewis was not there to bail out," Mercedes team principal Wolff said. And his staff backed his statement, claiming that Verstappen was taught a lesson. "It is exactly the right lesson for Max to learn, otherwise everyone always backs out for him," a staff member can be heard saying.  DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  Verstappen will line up alongside Sergio Perez at the start of the season, having partnered the Spaniard for the whole of last campaign. Perez won the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, whilst also recording four more podium finishes later on in the season. But he has hinted at asking for a new contract to offer him more stability with the season just nine days away. “I have a contract for this season - it's just starting,” Perez said as he prepares for this week’s second round of pre-season testing in Bahrain.  “I think we're very happy. I'm very happy with the team and how we did this season - let's see how soon we talk about the new contract again. “Without a doubt I would like something longer. [I’m] looking for a little more stability in terms of knowing and being able to plan more with a team.” The new season gets underway in Bahrain, with the Grand Prix being held on March 20. 