The Department for Environment yesterday announced new goals to be included in the Environment Act, aimed at reducing toxicity levels. But they were warned the pollution targets will fail "another generation of children". Katie Nield, from environmental law charity ClientEarth, said: "The target date that the UK Government is proposing is far from 'world-leading'. Toxic "It means that another generation of children will be exposed to toxic pollution far above what the world's top scientists think is acceptable. "Ministers need to seriously reconsider their proposal." Nine-year-old Ella Adoo-Kissi-Debrah died following an asthma attack in 2013, and became the first person in the UK to have air pollution listed as a cause of her death. She lived near a busy road in Lewisham, south-east London. Her mother Rosamund called the Government's proposals "hugely disappointing". She said: "Ella's life was a warning shot. The pollution we are spewing from cars, power plants, industrial combustion and wood-burning stoves is killing our bright, healthy, happy young children. "It's weakening our future generations.This needs to stop. "The coroner has told us how to prevent deaths like Ella's, and it's the Government's responsibility to lead the way."  The targets include a legally binding goal to cut levels of fine particulate matter - the most dangerous form of pollution as it gets into lungs and even the bloodstream - to 10 micrograms per cubic metre by 2040.This improves on the EU target of 20 micrograms, but lags behind World Health Organisation-backed limits of just five micrograms. Environment Secretary George Eustice said: "These proposed targets are intended to set a clear, longterm plan for nature's recovery. In a post-EU era, we now have the freedom to move towards a system that places more emphasis on science and less emphasis on legal process. "This change in approach will help us in the pursuit of the targets we are setting under the Environment Act." The Daily Express's Green Britain Needs You crusade calls for everyone to do their bit for the planet. 