Prince Charles and Camilla's Twitter account, Clarence House, shared a post to mark Mother's Day in the UK. The tweet included a sombre message, particularly close to the Duchess' situation. It read: "On Mothering Sunday, we celebrate all the Mothers in our lives and are thinking of those who cannot be with their Mothers today." The post also included two pictures. The first one shows Prince Charles and the Queen standing together at Frogmore House in April 2021. The second, more dated, snap represents a smiling Camilla next to her mother Rosalind Shand. As Mrs Shand died in 1994, the Duchess can only remember her mother on this day. Many royal fans appreciated this sombre Mother's Day message. One, @martin_youldon, wrote on Twitter: "Dignified as always". Similarly, @EllenHa61684691, said: "A dignified and appropriate message at this time". READ MORE: Foreign Office blamed for Kate and William's 'humiliating' tour And @sarahinroyal added: "Oh Her Royal Highness looks so much like her mother." This message came after the Royal Family Twitter account, which represents the Queen and all the senior royals without their own social media handle, shared a vintage picture of the sovereign. The sepia-coloured picture shows the Queen Mother smiling softly while surrounded by her two beloved young daughters - Princess Margaret and Princess Elizabeth, the Queen.  The tweet was accompanied by a brief message, reading: "Wishing all those celebrating today a very special Mothering Sunday." It isn't known how members of the Royal Family are celebrating this special day. Camilla may find comfort in the absence of her mother by spending the day with her two adult children, Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes, and grandchildren. The Queen is spending the day at Windsor Castle, which she has made her main residence since the beginning of the pandemic, and may be visited by her loved ones. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William landed back in the UK this morning, just in time to spend Mother's Day with Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. The Duke and Duchess spent the past eight days touring the Caribbean from which, it has been claimed, they were video calling their children to show them the beauties of the areas they were visiting. Elsewhere, Sophie, Countess of Wessex, will surely be marking this day with her two children Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn. One royal who may not be marking Mother's Day today is Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. This is because in the US, where she and her family are now based, Mother's Day is marked in May. Meghan and Prince Harry became parents in May 2019, when Archie Harrison was born. In June last year, Archie became the big brother of Lilibet 'Lili' Diana.