 The Duchess of York is due to give the keynote speech at an event in Denver, Colorado, which will focus on the “resilience and strength of women in philanthropy”, according to the Daily Mail. The Duchess, known as Fergie, has worked with a number of different charitable organisations for over thirty years with a focus on children’s causes.   She founded children’s education charity Children in Crisis in 1993 and has advocated for organisations including Humanitas, Teenage Cancer Trust and her own charity Sarah’s Trust which she founded in 2020. Sarah’s Trust was established to "reach out to philanthropists and organisations that share her values and desire to drive positive social change", according to the organisation's website.  Fergie has previously insisted that she is the “most persecuted” woman in the history of the Royal Family. Speaking to French magazine Madame Figaro in December, she said she was excluded by the family and suffered “years of media hell” following her divorce from Prince Andrew. She said: "In my blood, there's resilience. I may have been the most persecuted woman in the history of the royal family, but I'm still here." "I always believed anything was possible.”   The engagement comes as the Duchess continues to support her ex-husband Prince Andrew over allegations of sexual abuse, which he denies. According to the Daily Mail, the Duchess revealed in January that she had no intention of “shrinking away from the limelight” after the disgraced duke was stripped of his royal patronages following the allegations. Fergie, who still lives with her ex-husband, has previously said she will stand by him despite his increasing isolation from the rest of the Royal Family.  She has shown no signs of stepping back from the public eye in recent months and now looks set to follow in the footsteps of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, who has frequently given speeches on women’s empowerment and gender equality. Meghan is an advocate for a number of humanitarian organisations including UN Women, the United Nations’ women’s rights organisation, World Vision and One Young World. In an address to the 2020 Girl Up leadership summit, she said: “This is a humanity that desperately needs you. “To push it, to push us, forcefully in a more inclusive, more just, and more empathetic direction and to not only frame the debate, but be in charge of the debate - on racial justice, gender, climate change, mental health and wellbeing, on civic engagement, on public service, on so much more. That’s the work you’re already out there doing.” READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson shares heartfelt message in support of Ukraine    The Duchess of Sussex is a powerful advocate for women’s rights and has spoken publicly about discrimination she has faced as a woman of colour. Meghan has also spoken about her strained relationship with the Firm including the bombshell revelation that an unnamed Royal Family member made racist remarks about her and Prince Harry’s son Archie’s skin tone.  In the royal couple’s interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, Meghan alleged media coverage by the British tabloids had left her feeling suicidal Sarah, the Duchess of York, has previously said she personally related to Meghan’s experience of the media. Speaking to Vogue Arabia in 2019, she said: "I have been in Meghan's shoes, and I still am. "I abhor bullying and I feel desperately sorry for the pain they must be going through because I've been through it." The Duchess of York has recently spoken out in support of Meghan and Prince Harry, who moved to the United States in 2020 with their son Archie. DON'T MISS:William issued warning by 'worried' Queen [LIVE]RAF emergency: Two US F-15 fighter jets forced to make sudden landing [BREAKING]Dr Shola rages over 'wicked' move against Meghan Markle [LATEST]   The pair have stepped back from life as senior royals and live in Montecito with two-year-old Archie and baby Lillibet, 10 months. Speaking to an Italian talk show Porta a Porta, Fergie said Meghan makes Prince Harry “happy” and his mother, the late Princess Diana, would be proud of him, People reported. She said: "The most important thing—and I know Diana, if she were here, would say that—is they are happy. "And she makes him happy. And I love to see that little boy that cried at the funeral to have happiness now." Prince Harry's mother, Diana, died in a car crash when he was just 12 years old. "If she were sitting with me right now, I know she would say, 'I am so proud of both of my boys and the wonderful wives they have chosen. Because each has got her own voice."