Performed by Cannabotech, the study found their medicinal cannabis-based treatment killed 90 percent of cancer tells in laboratory tests. Speaking about the results, Senior Oncologist Professor Tami Peretz said: “Colon cancer is one of the most common tumours today...Cannabotech’s products have demonstrated impressive and very promising efficacy in colon culture cells. “Based on these experiments, there is room to perform animal studies and, in the future, to examine the possibility of incorporating these products in colorectal cancer patients." This study shows how medicinal cannabis could potentially play a role in treating one of the most common cancers in the UK. READ MORE: Blood clots: Symptoms can arise in the belly area Every year around 42,000 people are diagnosed with bowel cancer in the UK with just over 16,000 people passing away from the condition. As a result, it’s crucial to spot the symptoms so the condition can be diagnosed and treated as soon as possible. Symptoms of bowel cancer include:• A persistent change in bowel habit• Blood in the poo without other symptoms of piles• Abdominal pain, discomfort or bloating always brought on by eating. The NHS said: “More than 90 percent of people with bowel cancer have one of the combinations of symptoms."  Even if a person has these symptoms of bowel cancer, the NHS says it is likely “most people with these symptoms do not have bowel cancer”. Meanwhile, other studies have found medicinal cannabis may not just be able to treat bowel cancer, but prostate cancer too. A study by Apollon Formularies found medicinal cannabis could be an effective treatment for the most common cancer in men. The results of both this and the Cannabotech research come just weeks after the government announced its 10-year "war on cancer" campaign.  Health Secretary Sajid Javid added: “We want to hear views from far and wide to help us shape this work. Please join us in this effort, so fewer people face the heartache of losing a loved one to this wretched disease." The Health Secretary stated earlier this year that the government was “committed to speeding up diagnosis times and providing innovative treatments”. As a result, after years of stigma and with the recent legalisation, medicinal cannabis could play a role as one of the government’s major armaments against a condition that takes so many lives each year. Since the legalisation of medicinal cannabis in 2018, medicinal companies have been catching up to provide enough evidence to satisfy the requirements of the MHRA, BNPA, and NICE. So far figures estimate that 1.4 million people are currently using illicit cannabis for medicinal purposes. This may be because existing medicines are not effective enough to deal with the pain they are suffering from. Campaigners and companies alike are campaigning for better tests and more investment so that more effective medications can be made available on the NHS. So far thousands cannot afford the treatment they need due to the crippling prices being charged by the private sector, pricing people out of pain relief.