Tom Brittney and Robson Green will reprise their roles as the beloved Reverend Will Davenport and his crime-solving partner DI George 'Geordie' Keating in Grantchester season seven. Adapted from the fictional Grantchester Mysteries novels by James Runcie, the series is set to have plenty of drama, particularly for the detective inspector when the series follows on from the breakdown of his marriage to Cathy (Kacey Ainsworth) at the end of season six. Here's everything you need to know about the upcoming episodes. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Grantchester. The season six finale has many loose ends to tie up after the drama of Leonard Finch’s (played by Al Weaver) jail sentence and the arrival of a new curate to Geordie's past showing up to haunt him. Meanwhile, Will could be in trouble, and the Bishop plans to do a check-in visit due to Henry Jones’ (Ahmed Elhaj) meddling. After facing the loss of his job, Will attends to Geordie and police work, riding along when a domestic call comes in. Most seasons of the programme have included six episodes apart from season six and three, which included eight and seven respectively READ MORE:The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one How many episodes are in Grantchester season seven? There is a total of six episodes in the murder mystery series and the show will kick off on ITV on Friday, March 11 at 9 pm. Viewers will be glad to hear episodes will air weekly at the same time and subsequently become available on ITV Hub. Speaking about his character, Robson revealed how his character would be struggling mentally following his marital problems with his wife Cathy, saying: “Geordie is lost at the beginning of this series, he no longer has the safety net of family. “He is detached from Cathy and the kids and he’s living with Will at the Vicarage, also feeling lost there and like a fish out of water.”  He told ITV: “There’s a lot of scope for odd couple behaviour. Despite his marital issues, the Detective Inspector won’t be giving up on their relationship too easily with the actor revealing: “Although they’re separated, Geordie is the eternal optimist!" Moreover, Tom has also directed an episode in the series after sharing his passion for film. Recalling the moment, the 31-year-old beamed: “It was one of the most fun experiences I’ve had on a set, it’s something I’ve always wanted to do since I was young, I finally got a chance to do it.” DON'T MISS[INSIGHT] Vera's Brenda Blethyn shares huge update on new series [INTERVIEW]Louise Minchin's daughter admits how stalking ordeal changed her mum                                                                                                                            [VIDEO] Louise Minchin's 'most difficult conversation ever' with stalker  Kicking off the series, a synopsis for episode one released from ITV reads: “The body of a dead man is found in the grounds and is quickly identified as the sisters’ errant brother Lord Edmund Fitzgerald, who has been living an itinerant life travelling the world since the war. “Will and DI Geordie Keating find themselves at odds with Geordie’s new boss DCI Elliot Wallace and DC Larry Peters in viewing the death as a murder. “As Will and Geordie investigate the Fitzgerald family history they find themselves looking into Edmund’s own romantic past. “Could a story of lost love hold the clue to his killer?”  The second episode will see Lester Carmichael, part of the husband-and-wife team who own the Carmichael’s cleaning goods brand, is found dead, with a rather suspicious neck wound, triggering Will and Geordie to investigate Lester but in a shock twist, not all is what it seems for the clean-cut image he and his wife Melanie like to present to the public. Meanwhile, Mrs Chapman’s (Tessa Peake-Jones) recent erratic behaviour causes her husband Jack (Nick Brimble) to question whether she could be having an affair, and Will is increasingly drawn to the passionate and alluring Maya (Ellora Torchia). Guest stars will include Janie Dee of Official Secrets fame, The English Patient’s Philip Whitchurch, and Nip/Tuck’s Rowena King. In episode two, David Boyle stars as Douglas Rickman, Kirsty Besterman plays Melanie Carmichael, and Boadicea Ricketts is Velma Sawyer. Episode three stars Steven Blake as Danny Smart, Isaac Highams as Ernie Evans, Rowena King as Edith Larson, and Tom Glenister as Jim. The seventh season of Grantchester will start on Friday 11 March 2022. The first episode will air at 9pm  