Coverage of the war against Ukraine from Russia continues to make headlines, with Vladimir Putin's invasion not letting up anytime soon. A retired senior military officer has shared his industry knowledge and insight on the matter, raising concerns about Ukrainian civilians' welfare as he warned the Russian army will increase its level of violence by whatever means necessary.   With humanitarian efforts in full swing by neighbouring countries, refugees are trying to flee Ukraine or at least trying to leave the country's biggest cities. Retired Colonel Richard Kemp worries for those who can't defend themselves with the "overwhelming" force of the Russian Army. On the recent explosion of Ukraine governmental buildings, he said: "I think what it shows is a Russian army that is willing to unleash whatever level of violence it needs to achieve its objectives. "That would include hitting targets that have civilians inside of them. Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed? "We don't know if they are deliberately targeting civilians, or if they just happen to be killing civilians where there is a military position. That's something I don't think anyone knows at the moment." Colonel Richard served in the British Army from 1977 to 2006 and is a former Commanding Officer of 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment. Speaking on GB News, he continued: "But there is a lot of talk of how the Russian Army is failing. "The way I see it, the Russian Army never set out to overwhelm Ukraine immediately. "I don't think that was their objective; they probably knew they couldn't do that, so they started off slowly with relatively limited force, a carefully targeted force in order to bring Ukraine to negotiations and to get them to come to terms with Russia." He appeared on the morning show speaking alongside video clips of recent bombings and aerial shots of the military convoys progressing further into Ukraine. He added: "That doesn't appear to have worked, and so now if the Ukraine Army won't surrender in the face of the overwhelming force that has been built up, then it will be used against them I have no doubt whatsoever in the coming days. "The Ukraine Army has fought extremely hard, but the Russian Army is a massive and overwhelming force." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST] A clip from the colonel's interview was shared on the GB News Twitter with the caption: "What it shows is a Russian army that is willing to unleash whatever level of violence it needs to achieve its objectives. "Colonel Richard Kemp says talk about the Russian army failing could be very incorrect." Viewers responded with their thoughts and Shaun Green found it hard to see the hope in the situation: "@GBNEWS It won't fail. It will obliterate Ukraine, I suspect." "The Russian military is easily obtaining all its objectives. It is doing its utmost to spare civilian lives, unlike when the US or NATO invade sovereign states. The US/NATO always target power stations, water supplies, sewage treatment works, telecoms masts etc. Russia didn't," @Affronter84 added.   Allan glass questioned the guests statement: "Surely if they had wanted they would of taken out the power, water, telephones, internet etc in the first 24 hours? "This seems a very different type of war than we have seen when USA went into Libya, Iraq, Iran etc.... seems almost as they are being very tactical on targets." (sic) There have been more recent developments and the raised level of nuclear threat to include the potential use of thermobaric weapons. The Great British Breakfast airs on GB News weekdays from 6am 