Gordon Ramsay, 55, has previously quipped that he "can't stand the Cornish" following a disagreement with his neighbours. Despite his comments, the first episode of his new BBC show, which airs tonight at 9pm, was filmed in Newquay. There will be eight episodes in the new food competition in total, before the winner is announced. The celebrity chef made the comments about locals on BBC Radio 2 last Wednesday after his neighbours criticised him for spending the first lockdown in the peninsula. Speaking to Vernon Kay, he said of his ideal British menu: “I would go down to the beautiful Cornish coast and get a little line-caught seabass and do that with a little light crushed potatoes. “Trust me I absolutely love Cornwall, it’s just the Cornish I can’t stand.” In the first episode of his new BBC show, Gordon will be making a visit to Newquay. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet  In June last year, Penwyth House B&B, which is situated on Stanways Road in the beach town, shared the official BBC One poster in a Facebook post. The social media post read: “Will you be in Newquay on Wednesday 9th June?” It invited people to “join” the show. “Come and join Gordon Ramsay in Newquay as part of his brand new BBC primetime competition series, 'Gordon Ramsay's Future Food Stars', according to Cornwall Live. The challenges the contestants will face will be extreme and the first one is no exception. The 55-year-old challenges the 12 contestants on the show to jump from a 10-metre high cliff to prove their dedication. Filming for Future Food Stars took place in Newquay in June last year. The show sees the Michelin-starred chef and CEO searching for a food and drinks entrepreneur to earn his investment of £150,000. DON'T MISS:Gemma Atkinson apologises for her 'radio silence' on Instagram [LATEST]Bruce Willis steps away from acting after brain condition diagnosis [NEWS]Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore [COMMENT]  They must complete a series of challenges that will test character, drive and business acumen. The life-changing investment will be funded by Gordon personally. Gordon Ramsay claimed he “took so much s***” from his neighbours in a recent interview, which restarted an already bitter feud between them. Gordon reportedly caused outrage when he took wife Tana and three of their five children to his £4million home in Cornwall in 2020. They arrived before the imposition of lockdown, but some locals were still angered by their presence. Some unhappy locals were concerned that he may have been putting elderly and vulnerable people at risk as this had occurred during the Coronavirus pandemic. He explained: "We lived down there; we just hadn’t been down there for a long time. “We didn’t sneak down there at all. “We got there at an appropriate time, and had an absolutely amazing time. “And a time like that – we’ll never get back again. “When the kids started disappearing again, I didn’t want it to end – as a dad, not a chef,” he added to the Radio Times. Fern Britton, 64, defended Gordon on Twitter by suggesting he had made a “poor” joke. The TV presenter and author said he was “lovely”. Some of Gordon’s Cornish neighbours had been very welcoming, a bunch of asparagus on his doorstep as a gift.