Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick was less than impressed with a number of refereeing decisions as they crashed out of the Champions League to Atletico Madrid. United had given themselves a fighting chance heading into the second leg after Anthony Elanga scored a late equaliser against Atletico in their first tie in Madrid. Mood was also high at Old Trafford following Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick at the weekend. But they were abject at best from the very first whistle with Atletico showing more attacking intent. Joao Felix had the ball in the back of the net earlier in the first half, only for the offside flag to save United's blushes. It was only a matter of time until Atletico would find a breakthrough though with United's defence all over the place at times. Renan Lodi found the opening goal of the game after being in acres of space at the back post to give Atletico the lead heading into the break. United came out with more guile in the second half, but lacked the cutting edge in the final third. JUST IN: Man Utd player ratings as Harry Maguire's error hands Atletico victory  Cristiano Ronaldo was surprisingly quiet while Bruno Fernandes was dragged off with 23 minutes remaining for Paul Pogba. United huffed and puffed for an equaliser, but failed to truelly test Jan Oblak too often. Throughout the game, the referee also drew plenty of frustration from the home crowd for some of his decisions. Atletico players were accused by some United players of feigning injury and wasting time to try and break up United's attack whenever possible. But just four minutes were added on for stoppage time, a decision which Rangnick branded a "joke". DON'T MISS  "I think we played a very good first half - exactly the way we wanted to play with a high energy level but we couldn't convert that into one or two goals," Rangnick said. "We had a few good moments where we should have scored but we didn't. Conceding that counter-attacking goal just before half time didn't make life any easier. "It was hard in the second half and always interupted. There was always somebody lying on the floor. I would also say some curious refereeing decisions. I wouldn't say they were decisive but at least he fell too often for those time-wasting antics and four minutes at the end added on was a joke for me." 