On Tuesday, Prince Andrew made his first official public appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. He accompanied his mother, Queen Elizabeth II at the memorial service for his late father, the Duke of Edinburgh. Since his appearance at the memorial, questions have arisen as to whether the Duke will attend any other upcoming royal events. Speaking on GB News, royal reporter Cameron Walker discussed Prince Andrew's possible upcoming appearances alongside the Queen. Mr Walker said that if she "was prepared to have Prince Andrew at her side, literally, in front of millions of people as they watched Prince Philip's memorial" then there is a possibility of the Queen could have her second son at a number of future events. He continued: "It wouldn't surprise me if we start seeing him at perhaps the Service of Thanksgiving for the Queen at St Paul's Cathedral plans for the Jubilee weekend. "Perhaps the Epsom Derby, or Ascot, things like that." He added: "I don't think we would see him at big state occasions because he has stepped back as a senior member of the Royal Family." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William and Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after 'slap in face' An example given by Mr Walker was Trooping the Colour", which is due to be held in early June. "I don't think we will see him in a carriage along with the senior members of the Royal Family" He concluded: "But, I think he will make some sort of appearance" Prince Andrew's military affiliations and Royal patronages were returned to the Queen earlier this year. In January, a statement from the Palace read: “With the Queen’s approval and agreement, the Duke of York’s military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. “The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.” READ MORE: Princess Beatrice broke royal tradition with outfit at Prince Philip's memorial Prince Andrew's association with the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein has been a cause of major stress for the Royal Family in recent years. Following his disastrous 2019 interview with journalist Emily Maitlis about his relationship with Epstein, the Duke withdrew from royal duties and his public appearances have been scarce since. Virginia Giuffre launched her civil legal battle against the Duke in August 2021, putting the spotlight once again on the Duke. Ms Giuffre alleged she was trafficked by the late convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein to the Duke of York at the age of 17 - a minor under US law. Prince Andrew denied all allegations. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] If the case against Prince Andrew had gone to trial later this year the proceedings could have overshadowed the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year. Despite this, in February 2022 it was announced both sides had reached a settlement agreement "in principle". The sum Andrew has now paid to Ms Giuffre has not been revealed, but the amount reported was said to be as much as £12million.