Chelsea Foundation’s trustees are apparently set to reject plans for them to take over the “stewardship and care” of the club after owner Roman Abramovich announced the Blues’ charitable arm would steer the ship in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Abramovich bought the club in 2003 and has overseen an incredibly successful period in west London. Chelsea’s oligarch owner has been desperate to distance himself from the club in the last week amid the egregious scenes in eastern Europe. And he released a statement to update fans on his position on Saturday. “During my nearly 20-year ownership of Chelsea FC, I have always viewed my role as a custodian of the club, whose job it is ensuring that we are as successful as we can be today, as well as build for the future, while also playing a positive role in our communities,” read the statement. “I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart. I remain committed to these values. “That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelsea’s charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC.” JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  But, according to The Athletic, the trustees consider the initial proposal to be unworkable as they feel it is not legally feasible under the current constitution of the Chelsea Foundation. The proposal was originally presented during a video call on Sunday - but the trustees are said to be waiting for alternative options. Reports have circulated this week that Abramovich is now trying to sell the club amid the fallout from Russia’s actions. The 55-year-old has apparently already approached four potential buyers, while also putting his London property portfolio up for sale. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message    But he could face a race against time to offload his holdings as some Russian nationals are already facing sanctions from the United Kingdom government, with prime minister Boris Johnson ordering their assets to be frozen. Meanwhile, the Charity Commission has already received a report of a “serious incident” since Abramovich first attempted to entrust the “stewardship and care” of the club to the foundation. So it remains to be seen whether the six trustees of Bruce Buck, Emma Hayes, Sir Hugh Robertson, Piara Powar, John Devine and Paul Ramos are happy to take on the running of the club. Peace in Europe was shattered last week after Russia took the deadly decision to invade Ukraine, with attacks coming from the air, land and sea.  The assault has intensified this week as Russia continues to bombard major cities and regions. And thousands of Ukrainians have already been killed, with western leaders strongly condemning the invasion. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here