Saving into a pension pot is crucial for people to ensure they can enjoy retirement the way they want, but Britons could be punished for saving too much. The Lifetime Allowance (LTA) poses a potential obstacle to savers. The LTA restricts the amount Britons can save for retirement throughout their life before facing tax charges. Those who breach the limit could face a charge of up to 55 percent. Currently, the threshold is set at £1,073,100. The LTA will remain frozen until at least April 2026. READ MORE: Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - list of qualifying groups People’s pensions are generally assessed to see if they have exceeded the LTA when they first draw from their pension, turn 75, or upon death. Breaches of the LTA must be reported on a self-assessment tax return. There is also an annual allowance, which caps the amount someone can save towards a pension in a year before facing tax charges. It is currently set at £40,000. DON'T MISS'Bumper state pension increase’ on the way - DWP makes fresh commitment to pensioners [PENSION]State Pension to hit £10,600 in biggest rise ever - Sunak in HUGE triple lock decision [ALERT]State pension update as over 14,000 Britons get backpayments - could you get £9,506? [UPDATE] Romi Savova, CEO of PensionBee warned Britons to be cognisant of the LTA when saving for retirement. She said: “Savers who’ve built up sizable pensions over the course of their working lives need to be aware of the Lifetime Allowance, and the implications of exceeding it. “Currently capped at £1,073,100 for at least the next five years, the Lifetime Allowance is the amount a saver is able to withdraw during their retirement before they’ll need to pay the Lifetime Allowance charge.” Ms Savova explained that the limit imposed by the LTA may punish people for saving enough for a comfortable retirement. She said: “The Lifetime Allowance applies to all of the personal or workplace pensions a saver has, including defined benefit pensions and defined contribution pensions. “Despite there already being reasonable limits on how much a saver can contribute into their pension each year, the current Lifetime Allowance limit penalises those who have saved conscientiously throughout their careers. “Using certain estimates, a £1million pension would roughly generate a £35,000 annual income” Ms Savova said this is “not an excessive amount for many retirees” who are looking forward to a happy retirement. She also believes the threshold could discourage people from saving and offered some tips on how Britons may be able to avoid the penalties involved with breaching the LTA. She concluded: “At the other end, younger savers, who have benefitted from Auto-Enrolment early in their working lives, may be deterred from making significant contributions towards their retirement for fear of exceeding the Lifetime Allowance. “To avoid penalties of up to 55 percent for breaching the upper limit and making withdrawals, those who are close to the threshold should contemplate diverting some of their savings into another tax-effective savings vehicle, such as an ISA. “Savers may also want to consider consolidating their pensions in one pot, to gain complete clarity over their savings, so that they can adjust their contributions accordingly if required.”