Russia has maintained persistent pressure on the south of Ukraine, seeking to expand its control over major port cities like Kherson and Odessa. Kherson was confirmed to have falled under Russian control after days of constant attack, with Odessa now expected to be the next target for Moscow. Footage shared online has showed a significant build-up of naval presence in the Black Sea, signalling a potential incoming attack. War studied PhD candidate Rob Lee shared the video on Twitter, writing: "Video from western Crimea showing much of Russia's naval grouping in the Black Sea. "I count the Pyotr Morgunov Project 11711, two Project 1171, and 5(?) Project 775 large landing ships." At least 12 ships can be seen in the video. According to local reports, the build-up off the coast pushed Ukrainian defence forces into placing mines across the Odessa seaside. JUST IN: Putin must go! Moscow uprising grows as protesters say 'no future' for Russia under tyrant The video comes amid contrasting reports over the fate of the port of Kherson. Russia's defence ministry claimed it controlled Kherson on Wednesday. But an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky responded that Ukrainian forces continued to defend the Black Sea port of about 250,000 people. Moscow forces have yet to overthrow the government in Kyiv but thousands are reported to have died or been injured and more than a million people have fled Ukraine amid the biggest attack on a European state since 1945. READ MORE: Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face'  Russia's advance on the Ukrainian capital has made little progress over the past three days and the cities of Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Mariupol remain in Ukrainian hands, according to British military intelligence. The British Defence Ministry's latest military intelligence report said Russia had made little progress towards Kyiv and noted the cities of Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Mariupol remain in Ukrainian hands. The update read: "The main body of the large Russian column advancing on Kyiv remains over 30km from the centre of the city having been delayed by staunch Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown and congestion. "The column has made little discernible progress in over three days." DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] It added: "Despite heavy Russian shelling, the cities of Kharkiv, Chernihiv, and Mariupol remain in Ukrainian hands. "Some Russian forces have entered the city of Kherson but the military situation remains unclear. "The Russian defence ministry has been forced to admit that 498 Russian soldiers have already been killed and 1,597 wounded in Putin's war. "The actual number of those killed and wounded will almost certainly be considerably higher and will continue to rise."