Chelsea chief Petr Cech admits the club can only take things “day by day” and is unable to offer any guarantees that they will finish their Premier League season. Chelsea are in turmoil after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. And the 55-year-old has since been sanctioned by the UK government. Chelsea have been banned from selling match tickets and merchandise and they are no longer allowed to buy and sell players following the government’s decision to freeze Abramovich’s assets. They are only able to carry on playing matches because they have been granted a special licence after being labelled a “significant cultural asset.” And former Blues goalkeeper Cech, who now has a senior role at the club as a technical and performance advisor, admits he doesn’t know what the future has in store for the club. “Well we have to admit that we go day by day as we do not have this situation in our hands,” Cech told Sky Sports ahead of Chelsea’s Premier League clash with Newcastle on Sunday. “The conversations are going on and we hope that we can try to operate the way that we can finish the season. MUST READ: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours “Obviously it is a difficult season because we are part of the Premier League - one of the best competitions in the world. “And I believe that for us to be able to carry on to finish the season would obviously help everyone involved in the Premier League.” Cech won the Champions League and Europa League as well as four Premier League titles, four FA Cups and three League Cups during an 11-year spell as a player at Stamford Bridge. And the 39-year-old hopes the legacy of the west London club can continue under a new owner. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling    “We have the board and people from the club talking to the government every day about the current licence and how we can operate and what we can do to try and finish the season the best way that we can,” Cech continued. “Sometimes in the careers of the players, the managers come and leave. They sometimes change the owners as we have seen in the past with different clubs. “We know that we are in the same situation but ours is a lot different in that our circumstances are far more complicated than other clubs have experienced. “We go day by day and hope the new owner will come and will want to continue the legacy of this football club and keep them competitive and take care of the community and all the other stuff the football club is involved in.”  Cech spoke to Sky Sports for nearly eight minutes to give an update on the situation at Stamford Bridge. And he began the interview by revealing he had been devastated by the appalling situation in Ukraine. “I am devastated to see what has been happening in Ukraine,” the former Czech Republic international said. “And of course our thoughts are with them and the victims of the situation. “I hope the situation improves because the situation is affecting a lot of people.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 