Channel Tunnel bosses are in "advanced talks" with Eurostar's rival operators for alternative services. Getlink, parent company of Eurotunnel, says it wants other rail operators to launch high-speed services between London and mainland Europe. According to reports in French newspaper La Parisien, Getlink is looking at acquiring ten trains and renting them out to rival operators to Eurostar. One is said to be Spanish national train operator Renfe. It was revealed at the end of last year that it was engaged in talks over a possible service through the tunnel, and those talks have since progressed. If all goes to plan, it could look to start services in 2026. Jacques Gounon, chief executive of Getlink, is reported to have said: "I will buy them and then rent them [the trains]. This reduces the issue of fixed costs and the technical barrier. “Eurostar is very good but it suffers from not having competition." In October, Renfe, the Spanish state rail operator, said it is looking at launching a competing service as it believes the route could be “profitable”. In a statement, the company said: “At the moment, there are available slots and capacity to operate on the high-speed line. “This high-speed corridor has high traffic and was growing until Covid-19 – a trend that is set to recover next year. "According to demand analysis, it would be viable and profitable for Renfe to compete with Eurostar. “Renfe’s aim is to operate its own product, meaning the first step would be the standardisation of trains. “The business plan is built around the use of at least seven trains, and estimates suggest a return on the investment after four years.” Eurostar was severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and barely survived it. In May 2021, the rail operator secured a £250million rescue package after warning it was “fighting for its survival”. Eurostar reached a financing agreement with its shareholders and banks. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: UK taxpayers rejoice as Macron coughs up £20,000 This included French state rail company SNCF, which is the company’s majority shareholder. The company has now recovered with passenger numbers improving after Covid restrictions slowly lifted. The UK sold its stake in Eurostar in 2015 for over £750million as then Chancellor George Osborne branded it a "fantastic deal”. He said: "This is a very good deal — it means we can cut the national debt, it means we can invest in our national infrastructure and it's fantastic value for British taxpayers. "It's all part of our long-term plan to secure Britain's future." The Chunnel Eurostar link connects London and Paris in just two hours and 16 minutes. Some seven million passengers travelled between the two capitals on the Eurostar in 2019. Eurostar has in the past caused tensions between France and the UK at times. DON'T MISS France election: Macron loses support with voters [INSIGHT] Macron faces election problem as '4 in 10 voters' still undecided [ANALYSIS] Macron sparks fury as he panders to warmonger Putin [INSIGHT] During the pandemic, for example, the UK refused to bailout the company. At one stage, a Brexiteer even called for the UK to buy the Eurostar business from the French and rename it ‘Britstar’. In January 2021, prominent Brexiteer Robert Oulds told the Express that it should be bailed out by the UK government, but that it should be renamed in the process. He said: “It needs to be saved. But we must take back control from the French. “We can call it Brit-star – or Brit Tunnel.”