Prince Andrew, who has stepped down from royal duties and public life, has paid his financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre, bringing the civil sexual assault case against the Queen's second son almost to a close. Her Majesty had already taken steps to distance the Royal Family from Andrew and protect the monarchy brand. She stripped him of his honorary military roles in January, with the Duke also giving up using his HRH - a style he was born with. In light of this, royal correspondent for the Daily Express Richard Palmer has claimed Andrew's security is "under review." Mr Palmer told the Daily Express' Royal Roundup: "I think there's a review going on and I would be surprised if Andrew continued to receive taxpayer-funded security certainly around the clock. "There are separate issues in a way as with Prince Harry. "They will probably look at individual circumstances such as, is he at risk and on what particular occasions. READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG "That's my guess that he'll end up receiving some security if he's attending events that make a potential target but for a lot of his time he might not receive any." Andrew has faced calls to confirm how he funded the substantial out-of-court settlement - which is reported to be as much as £12 million - and whether the Queen or even the Prince of Wales contributed to the sum. The Queen receives £21.7 million a year from the Duchy of Lancaster and is believed to use an unknown amount of this private income to fund Andrew's royal duties and part of his private life. This private Duchy income is separate from the taxpayer-funded Sovereign Grant. WATCH THE FIRST EPISODE OF THE DAILY EXPRESS' ROYAL ROUNDUP IN FULL HERE The Queen receives the Sovereign Grant to fund her official duties as head of state and to maintain the occupied Royal Palaces. No member of the Royal Family receives a private income from the grant or any other public funds. Buckingham Palace has yet to comment. Clarence House declined to comment as to whether Charles had helped his brother with the payment. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry still haven't backed up Oprah claims after one year [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry has major plans to make himself 'more popular than ever' [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [VIDEO] The legal document from Ms Giuffre and the duke's legal team read: "Pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41(a)(1)(A)(ii), and the parties' settlement agreement dated February 12, 2022, Plaintiff Virginia L. Giuffre and Defendant Prince Andrew, Duke of York hereby stipulate to the dismissal of this action, with prejudice. "Each party to bear her/his own costs and fees." Andrew is reportedly in the process of selling his Swiss ski chalet, with the property expected to generate many millions in funds. The Duke was forced to step down from public duties in 2019 amid the scandal surrounding his association with Epstein.