In April 2021, he was looking for quick work to cover the bills while he found something more permanent. During this time, Ben came across Airtasker, a community marketplace for local services that connects people who need work done with skilled service providers who are ready to work. He spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his journey using the app and how others can do this to earn some extra cash on the side. Ben said: “I searched the internet for ideas, side hustles, easy ways to make money, and found out about tasker apps. I tried a few, but I found Airtasker to be the best as unlike others on Airtasker you call the shots, deciding what to do, where and the price.” One thing that stood out to Ben was the “variety” of tasks available. Initially he thought he would be doing jobs such as assembling furniture, and painting hallways, but this was not always the case. He continued: “There's the usual flat pack furniture assembly, car repairs and DIY jobs, but admin and tech tasks get posted too, also some unique ones like making a pair of oversized comedy underpants for a TV advert. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim   “It was one of my higher paying tasks at over £300, but it took a lot of work to get it together including posting items such as pasta necklaces to a jeweller (with morse code message hidden in the design).” Ben explained that people can use Airtasker in their spare time as all tasks are different. Some could take 20 mins whilst others can taken days. Since joining Airtasker, Ben has earned over £2,000. “It certainly helps make ends meet!” he said. Ben has found permanent work now but continues to do Airtasker on the side as “every little helps”. He said: “Recently I went to my friend's stag do and while keen to go, I was a little apprehensive about the cost of a weekend of beer and curry. “However, I looked for tasks on the route home and found a task assembling an elliptical trainer just outside Leicester. Three hours of assembly work and I had covered the cost of the weekend. “I was so pleased as it meant I could enjoy the weekend without having to cut back.” Ben recommended Airtasker for people who like to do practical jobs. He explained that there will always be people who need the “niggly” jobs done such as the house and garden, assembling furniture, trampolines and sheds, help set up their home tech or someone to help declutter their home and organise their stuff. Some tasks can be done remotely over the internet such as video editing or helping write a CV, others require going to someone's home or garden. Some tasks require specific skills and qualifications such as domestic electrical work or building websites, but many tasks can be done by anyone such as removing cardboard boxes, heavy lifting, cleaning or delivery. Some tasks may take a week or two whilst others require much less time such as putting up a curtain rail - “I was in and out in an hour,” he said. He added: “One task was to sign up to a website and test some features, that took me ten minutes. Most of the tasks I accept are a day’s work but less if it's a local job and travel is less. “ With rising inflation and the cost of living crisis, many Britons may be wondering how they can make extra money and this could be an option. Service providers (or “Taskers”) can monetise their skills across a range of categories whether its painting, gardening, furniture assembly, admin, upholstery, or even pet grooming. Airtasker data shows that “general handyperson” is the most supply constrained category – which means there’s not enough supply to meet the demand for the work. So, if people have handyperson skills, they could earn some extra to help offset the rising cost of living, he explained.