WhatsApp connects more than two billion people every day, but not every message sent will reach its intended destination. One occasion when they won't is when users implement a block, an often vital feature that keeps people safe and harassment-free. As such, WhatsApp makes it purposefully difficult for people on the receiving end to tell if they are blocked by one of their contacts. A early indication is to check the WhatsApp user in questions’ Last Seen status. Users should first of all open a chat with the user. At the very top of the chat window, underneath their name, there should be a message such as: “Last seen today at 3pm.” If such a message is not visible, this could mean you have been blocked. It is important to underline how WhatsApp has a setting to intentionally block such Last Seen status, meaning this is not definitive evidence for being blocked. JUST IN: WhatsApp tries to reassure users over privacy policy WhatsApp’s blue ticks are a method for revealing whether a message has received and read. And the ticks are also a telltale clue revealing if you have been blocked. One grey tick means the message has been sent, two grey ticks means the message has been received and two green ticks mean the message has been read.  Users who have been blocked on WhatsApp will only ever see one grey tick. The is because, while a message may have been sent, WhatsApp will not deliver it to the contact. Although on its own, this might mean that the user has lost their phone or can’t connect to the Internet. But in tandem with the first method, it also suggests you have probably been blocked. If someone has blocked you on WhatsApp, the user’s profile will not be updated on your phone. This means any update to a profile picture will not be visible. In isolation, an unchanged profile picture is not amazing evidence of being blocked, as many people do not update their profile picture. But when combined with the previous two steps, it can be decisive. Start by finding the user in your list of contacts and attempt to voice call them. If the call has gone through, it means you have not been blocked. But if it not connecting, it either means the user lacks Wi-Fi or enough mobile data to be able to receive the call – or you have been blocked. However, this is again only circumstantial evidence, meaning one final step is needed for confirming your suspicions. Start by creating a new chat and adding a couple of friends to it. Now users should attempt to add the suspected contact. If you can add them to the group then, regardless of other steps, you have not been blocked. If you get an error message saying that you don’t have the authorisation to add them, it means you have been blocked. Although this may be due to a malfunction, if you can add other people while at the same time not being able to see whether the suspected blocker is online or be able to call or message them, then it is almost certainly a sign you have been blocked.