Gordon Brown has joined campaigns to hold Vladimir Putin accountable for war crimes after the International Criminal Court (ICC) has launched an investigation following calls from member-states. Mr Brown called for a tribunal based on the Nuremberg trials, which saw Nazi officers hang for their role in the holocaust and other war crimes, to be used against Putin. The former Labour leader also urged the UK Government to double-down on efforts to fight Russian propaganda and suggested they should "leaflet" in the country to inform people what is actually going on. Speaking on Good Morning Britain, Mr Brown discussed the conflict in Ukraine and how Russia and Putin can be held accountable for the atrocities being carried out there. He told the programme: “Of course, the Allied unity is really important. “The measures today that are being discussed, for sanctions not just on banks and on money, but on oil and gas are going to be important. “The military help that has been given to the Ukraine people is important as well. “And of course, we've got to send a message to the refugees that we will help them and we will make it easier for them to come into this country. “Now all these things are showing the strength of Western unity and I believe that that is the message that is going to continue to grow. “And I would be leafleting in in Russia, I would be getting information across to the Russian people that Putin is lying to you. “He's telling the Russian people this is not a war to take over Ukraine.  “He's telling the Russian people things that are simply not true about the number of casualties. “We've got to get that message through to the Russian people who in the end will decide the fate of Putin.” Mr Brown has joined calls to put Putin and his allies in court to make them answer for their actions in Ukraine. He wrote in the Mirror: “It was here in the UK, during that war, that a group of governments published a statement entitled Punishment for War Crimes, which stated that, ‘War crimes should not be left unpunished'. "It was this statement that led to the International Military Tribunal which paved the way for the trials at Nuremberg. DON'T MISS:Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION]Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT]Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL]  "A Tribunal was necessary, they said then, ‘to satisfy the sense of justice of the civilized world’. That is as true now as in 1942.” Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said he was “pleased” to see investigations being launched against Putin. He added: “From what I've already seen, it seems to me there's evidence of war crimes, and it's very important that all of those responsible are held to account, including Putin. “I’m very pleased that the prosecutor has already opened an investigation. And what's really important now is the gathering of evidence to make sure that the most powerful case can be brought whenever it can be brought." Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab appeared on LBC last week and said Putin and his allies would be “spending their twilight years behind bars” following reports of war crimes in Ukraine. The United Nations believe at least 360 Ukrainian civilians have died in the conflict but believe the figure is much higher. More than a million Ukrainian refugees have fled the country to neighbouring Poland as visa requirements have been waived for their safety. 