With summer just around the corner, and the weather warming up, many Britons are getting their gardens ready for social events. For those with stained, dirty paving slabs, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared a simple yet effective method for cleaning patios. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, became famous after she started sharing her cleaning tips and hacks on social media and TV.  She now has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Fans of hers have created social media groups in her name dedicated to sharing tips and hacks. On one such group, Facebook user Kate Holmes posted: “HELP! I’m going to have a go at cleaning my patio and try to bring it back to life. “Any tips on what to use and how?” READ MORE: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great' Kate’s post was inundated with over 400 comments from Mrs Hinch fans. The most popular response was to use bleach on patios. Claire Williams said: “You could try putting bleach on them once it’s rained and using a brush to scrub it in and then wash it away.” Joanne Chadwick replied: “My dad uses cheap bleach, scrub with a sweeping brush then jet wash.”  DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [ANALYSIS] Marie Mcgowan commented: “Me too. Gets all the algae off a swell.” Janette Falkiner said: “I did this with mine ...they came up like new.” Michelle Morgan wrote: “Black Harpic and scrub with hard brush and rinse with hose.” Alex Howarth replied: “I use bleach. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Scrub it on with a brush and then wash it off after half an hour or so. “Not sure if it's good for the patio but works really well at getting them clean.” Jodie Farr said: “Bleach and a jet wash.” Kate Element commented: “High power jet washer and bleach.” ASDA Smart Price Thin Bleach is available for 38p. Sainsbury's Thick Bleach 750ml can be bought for 60p. Essential Thick Bleach can be bought from Waitrose for £1.35. Domestos Original Bleach is available at Wilko for £1. Morrisons Citrus Thick Bleach is just 49p.  Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using a pressure washer, Wet and Forget and Pink Stuff. Aizah Khan said: “Wet and forget and a jet wash.” Hannah Firek replied: “If you have or can borrow a Karcher/pressure washer, it will bring your patio up lovely.” Fiona Davies said: “You need Wet and Forget.” Carmel Ross-Reidy commented: “Having mine done as we speak. Lay diluted Chlorax for 15 minutes. “Power wash then on a sunny day put down Patio Magic. It will look good as new!” Angela Johnston replied: “Pink Stuff Cream. Put a full bottle in a power wash using patio head and they'll come up like new.” Joanne Evans said: “I once used sugar soap, worked it in with a hard sweeping brush and then hosed or jet washed it down.”