Drivers in the Midlands are being warned of an impending lane closure on a stretch of the M6, which will temporarily reduce speed limits. Steel barriers on the road are being replaced with concrete ones, which will result in the speed limit being dropped to 50mph. This is set to last until the Autumn, with National Highways saying restrictions will be removed for the 2022 Birmingham Commonwealth Games. Many drivers in Lincolnshire are calling for the A52 near Boston to have its speed limit to be lowered from 60mph to 30mph. Councillors will consider the introduction of the 10mph cut, but drivers want the speed limit to be reduced even further. Many have called for a reduction to 40mph or even 30mph following six injury crashes in the past five years - two of which were fatal collisions. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone A report to Lincolnshire County Council’s planning and regulation committee warned that lowering the limits could lead to further danger. The report said: "Although lowering a speed limit will reduce traffic speeds it needs to be set at a level which the majority of drivers will see as reasonable and therefore adhere to. "Limits set too low may lead to driver frustration and injudicious overtaking as highly inconsistent vehicle speeds make it difficult to judge the speed of oncoming vehicles." Middlesborough has also seen a number of changes to its speed limits, including a number of roads in the town centre being dropped to just 20mph. DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Major UK city to ban petrol and diesel cars [WARNING]Parking law changes will 'protect car park users' with reduced fines [INSIGHT] One of the main roads through the city, the A172, has had its speed limit cut from 40mph to 30mph. A Middlesbrough Council spokesperson said: “This speed limit reduction from 40mph to 30mph is one of a number of changes to speed limits being introduced on roads across the town. “These changes are appropriate to the characteristics of the roads in question, and to ensure our approach is consistent with the latest Department for Transport guidance on setting local speed limits.” This comes as new research found that Tuesday experiences the most motorway closures, averaging 159 closures per week across the UK. Closely following Tuesday as the worst day to travel was Thursday and Wednesday, which saw total closures of 624 and 618, respectively, over four weeks. Unsurprisingly, Saturday and Sunday had the fewest closures with an average of 57 and 58 closures per day, respectively. Further analysis from Vertu Motors found that the A282 in Kent experienced the most disruptions per mile of road, with 28 closures per mile over the four-week period. This is far and away the most disrupted road per mile: the second of that list, the M602, only experienced nine closures per mile, 68 per cent less than the A282. A Vertu Motors spokesperson commented: “We know how frustrating roadworks and road closures can be when you are just trying to go about your daily routines. “Whether you’re fed up of sitting in morning traffic on your office commute or know the road to the supermarket is always backed up, understanding the pattern of road closures can help alleviate some of that road stress and help you to make safer choices whilst travelling. “To minimise disruption to your travel, we always recommend checking road closure information before setting off, as well as having a couple of alternative routes handy to avoid the worst of the traffic.”