Nor that there could be pockets of structural racism, but that in the areas considered, there was no evidence that race discrimination is the sole, or main, cause. Both reports rightly state that a single set of data showing disparities – along race or any other variable – is inadequate to understand complex aspects of social life. Never mind accepted as legitimate reason for introducing far-reaching changes in institutional norms and practice. There is an implicit recognition that we need to up the intellectual ante to better understand what life in Britain is like for minorities who are not reducible to the catch-all category of BAME. Those with skin in the race grievance game, or the cultural elites for whom respecting artificially created identities trumps all other considerations, did not and will not like it. I really hope ‘Inclusive Britain’ elicits more sensible, constructively critical engagement  than the hysterical and vituperative response that the CRED Report met with last year. Like most official reports, often written by committee, sections vary in depth and quality of thinking, and those with experience or interest in particular policy areas will no doubt offer suggestions as to how to ensure the overall aim of the report can be best met. But the important point that cannot be overestimated, is that both reports make a significant contribution to changing the recent narrative on race. And for this alone, those who commissioned and produced the report deserve our support. For years our national narrative has been dominated by ideological beliefs that, to put it bluntly, encourage a divisive and socially corrosive view of British society and its citizens. It’s hard to see how beliefs that Britain is endemically racist, that the white majority are bearers of white privilege/supremacy and black minorities are victims of oppression, or that every cultural achievement is the direct product of heinous historical crimes will improve the lives of many minorities. But we can see that the ideological commitment to ‘institutional racism’  has been instrumental in creating a new elite managerial caste of illiberal ‘active anti-racists’. Where an employee faces discrimination at work, they may need improved routes to complain, seek redress and compensation. I don’t think that making the employer do a mandatory tedious course on unconscious bias training is a convincing alternative. Not every ethnic minority pupil underachieving in English needs their school to be places that constantly draw attention to, and self-consciously celebrate, their ethnic or cultural differences. Some might prefer it if schools celebrated the differences achieved  by their own individual interests and efforts, manifest in their doing well at something, rather than being patronised as victims in the making. These beliefs, loosely categorizable under the term Critical Race Theory (CRT) have not produced improvement in race relations. Witness a survey where the majority of respondents, across ethnicities, have a positive view of Britain’s multi-ethnic society but feel that racial tensions have increased recently. The aspiration for Britain to be inclusive is laudable, and surely one most of us can support. But it is important that the government gets this right: there are two main types of inclusion. One is the literal, inclusion-for-dummies version. This bean-counting approach looks at the number of different ethnicities in a defined locale, and concludes that inclusivity (aka the mantra ‘respect for diversity’) means making every social space literally mirror that ethnic pattern. In schools this comes out in the form of ‘pupils need to see themselves’ to learn. They don’t: they need educationally good curricula and teachers (and a government) who value education and knowledge enough to refrain from making classrooms sites for their political beliefs. To echo Sir John Hayes, people who know the difference between ‘disadvantage, disparities and discrimination.’ A better, tolerant type of inclusivity starts from a very different place. This approach takes it as given that we are equal because we are human and what makes individuals equal is that we all have our own free will or agency. This is a fundamental moral equality that exists independently of what we earn, where we live, sex, skin colour, and so forth. It also assumes that, in general, most people want to get on with their lives, freely and according to their freely chosen values, as long as fundamental, consensually agreed rules are observed. We do not need to be made equal by state agencies. This classic liberal version of inclusion has little time for equality of outcomes because they deny individual agency and restrict rather than foster, genuine diversity. Material and social inequalities that restrict equality of opportunity to participate in public life are the legitimate scope of government policy, once properly understood, which is what Kemi Badenoch, to her credit, aims to do.