Jean (played by Gillian Wright) seems to be over the moon about her new relationship with Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman). She seems to have suddenly developed an expensive taste for dates though, and has been insisting on fancy trips with her new boyfriend. Recently, Tommy Moon (Sonny Kendall) was accused by his mother Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) of stealing from her cab business, which he denied. He begins to suspect Jean in upcoming episodes of EastEnders and notices other signs to indicate she may have developed a habit for thieving. When she's found out, will she become isolated from her close-knit family? In future episodes, teacher Isaac Baptiste (Stevie Basaula) tells partner Lola Pearce (Danielle Harold) that he is concerned about Tommy’s performance at school. Tommy tries to think of a solution to get Kat to stop accusing him of the stolen money and considers Billy Mitchell's (Perry Fenwick) cash box, but he notices the bullies trying to steal from it already. The schoolboy bravely confronts the bullies and a struggle ensues. As Billy notices, he gets the wrong idea and thinks Tommy stole the money. READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court? The youngster runs away but ends up bumping into the group of bullies, who threaten him. Meanwhile, Isaac speaks to Kat about his concerns, and matters are made worse as Billy barges in to tell Kat what happened with the money box. Lily Fowler (Lillia Turner) becomes worried when she notices Tommy being taunted. While cleaning up later, she makes a concerning discovery - could it be hidden cash? Jean is preparing for another lavish date with Harvey which leads Tommy to believe she could be the secret thief. He confronts her about this but she distracts him and gives him some home truths. Determined to fix the problem, Tommy approaches Billy and asks if he can be his apprentice, insisting he didn’t steal from Kat but he wants to help her. Billy agrees and teaches Tommy the ropes, however, he takes this as confirmation the youngster stole the money. Kat continues to pile the pressure on Tommy to tell the truth and starts to question if Lily was also involved. DON'T MISS... GMB reporter helping Ukrainian refugees in Lille [VIDEO]All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [LATEST]Chris Evans breaks down in tears on Virgin Radio over Ukraine crisis [REACTION]  Could Jean really be the one stealing and allowing the children in her family to take the blame? Although this seems out of character, she has been acting strange lately. Stacey recently confided in both Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) and Kat about her worries. "You want my honest advice? Sometimes a date's just a date," Eve offered. "Your mum's got her job and she's on her meds and she's just seen the doctor, she's doing good.  "And if there is anything wrong with her, she's got support." Kat also suggested Stacey was reading into the situation too much, and she seemed to accept Jean was probably okay. However, Jean has continued to act out of character, and viewers are beginning to speculate she may be developing a stealing obsession. Reddit user MCAlbertSquared wrote: "Jean did [steal the money] - Jean’s kleptomania era." "Jean stole that money," torilost commented.  DMike82 penned: "It was likely Jean that took the money in order to fund the trip she wanted to take with Harvey." When the Slaters eventually find out what Jean has been doing, will they ostracise her from the family? Kat is likely to be furious her young son has been blamed for things Jean has been doing, and might even try to throw her out of the house once she realises the truth. Stacey usually looks out for her mother, but unable to understand her recent behaviour, will she also turn her back on Jean? EastEnders continues on Wednesday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 