Selling a property in current market conditions may not sound like a challenge due to buyer demand largely outstripping supply levels. However, there are many reasons a property may not sell. The price of the property, how it’s been marketed, the property’s condition and it’s been displayed are all vital to how quickly a home sells. In the latest Move iQ property podcast, Phil Spencer spoke with Liana Loporto Browne, president of NAEA Propertymark about the biggest mistakes people make when selling their homes. NAEA Propertymark is a membership organisation for estate agents and is the UK’s leading professional body for estate agents. During the podcast, Phil shared some of the most “common complaints” he came across when people viewed properties that weren’t selling. He explained: “For quite a number of years I made a series for Channel 4 called Secret Agent where I was going around helping people who were struggling to sell. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass “We made an awful lot of programmes and these were people that had been on the market for a year, two years or three years and many times they hadn't actually figured out what the issues were and what they could do differently. “I’ve thought the easiest wins were clean the carpets or new carpets and a fresh coat of paint - just completely freshens a house up if it's gone a bit stale. “But the most common complaints from people that were looking around was smell and cleanliness. “Smell was teenagers or pets or tobacco and cleanliness was was just basic cleanliness.  DON'T MISSWhite vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [ANALYSIS] “If you're selling your most valuable asset it's got to gleam. “It's got a gleam for every single viewing and that's a bit painful but it's got to happen.” Liana agreed and said if a seller takes an “easy” route than it’s likely an estate agent will too. She said the agent may put the house on the market and it will just “sit there”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The property expert shared when the most valuable time is to sell a property and how putting in the effort from day one could make all the difference. Liana explained: “The most valuable time to sell your home is in those first four to six weeks. “So if you’re not attracting the right audience in that time and you're putting it on without having put the effort into it - and yes it will be a little bit of effort - but it would be worth it in the end.” Liana said making the effort for viewings at the start means sellers will maximise at the first opportunity and may achieve what is normally the best offer.  She added: “I tend to see, in the first four to six weeks, the best offer on properties and the buyers that are really keen and looking in the area for exactly that type of house. “It's normally smells. You don't have to go to the extremes but certainly just go in with a critical eye. “Do the things that you feel are going to benefit and take the agent's advice - if they have given advice. “If the agent's telling you don't bother then I would rethink using that agent.”