Homeowners looking to give the exterior of their homes a refresh this year, might be looking at changing their windows or painting the exterior of their homes. However, this can be a costly task, especially for those requiring professional help. Interior designer Sophie Robinson has shared exactly how homeowners can brighten up the outside of their homes without breaking the bank. Rather than making a dramatic change, Sophie has shared how homeowners can paint their uPVC windows “any colour”. She posted on Instagram yesterday: “Yes you can paint your ugly white plastic UPVC windows any colour! “I was desperate to replace our ugly white windows but Tom [Sophie’s husband] suggested we paint them instead. “Can you even do that? The answer is yes. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains “After over a year, our painted plastic windows look as good as the day we painted them. “Here Tom explains how to you do it. “Painting them has saved us thousands of pounds and stopped plastic windows going into landfill. It’s genius. “We used Little Greene ASP primer and two top coats of Lamp Black.  DON'T MISSProperty: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house [INSIGHT]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing technique to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] “The masonry is also painted Lamp Black.” Sophie posted a video on her Instagram account where Tom explained exactly how to paint the windows. She said in the video: “Lots of people don’t think you can paint white plastic windows but Tom here is going to show you how.” Tom said step one is to paint the windows with an all-surface primer. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said: “There’s Zinsser 123 but we’ve used Little Greene all-surface primer which sticks like a blanket.” Next, homeowners need to paint the windows with an exterior eggshell or gloss, water-based or oil-based. The couple used water-based because it's better for the environment. Tom continued: “Step three is to put your paint on.  “So you don't need to scratch it up to give it a key. “You just put the primer straight onto the uPVC and then you give it two top coats.” Sophie said one of the questions she gets asked the most is whether the uPVC is high maintenance once it’s painted. Tom said this is actually low maintenance. He added: “Because plastic expands and contracts less than wood, these plastic windows are actually going to require less maintenance than wooden windows.”