Gary (played by Mikey North) has been left in turmoil recently on Coronation Street after Rick Neelan's (Greg Wood) body was found - the loan shark he killed three years ago. Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) has taken the wrap for the murder as she wants her ex-husband's killer and his wife, Maria (Samia Longchambon) to raise her daughter Kelly Neelan (Millie Gibson) once she is gone. However, before she dies from stomach cancer, she could begin an affair with the former super-villain of the ITV soap as the pair have gotten closer in recent weeks. Laura was devastated when she learnt last week Gary was the one who killed her ex-husband and he had been lying about Rick's so-called disappearance for years. The mother of one stated she had no qualms in calling the police on the troubled character as she was happy he wouldn't be a danger to anyone around him. Hearing how sorry he was and the circumstances which led to him murdering the loan shark, Laura began to open up her heart to him. Although she wanted Kelly to have guardians once she died, the fact she handed herself in to the authorities could have meant she saw Gary in a whole new light. She might not have agreed with what he did but his ability to protect his loved ones at whatever cost could have made her begin to fall for him. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk leave village Next week, Laura will die as she loses her battle with stomach cancer but the one person who continues to see her until the end is Gary. The former dodgy dealer is also the person who urges Laura's daughter Kelly to go and see her before she dies or she would live with the regret for the rest of her life. This theory would suggest Gary has fallen for Laura, too, having seen a completely different side to her during her final days. Knowing the mother of one doesn't have long left, Gary could confess to Laura how much he cares for her and the pair could share a passionate kiss. Maria would have no idea of the betrayal and with Laura dying in upcoming scenes, the only person who would know about the affair would be her husband. Gary has harboured a guilty conscious for years over killing Rick but this latest secret could see him go through the whole process again. The former dodgy dealer would be overwhelming devastated over Laura's death but Maria would put this down to the fact she was Kelly's mother. There would be no evidence to link the two to an affair either as they would have only spoken face to face about their feelings. Holding the secret close to his chest, Gary would be the only person who would be able to confess to Maria about the betrayal and it could come out in spectacular style. As the anniversary of Laura's death approaches next year and he becomes overwhelmed with grief, could Gary confess he was in love with another woman? DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] The actor who plays Gary, Mikey, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about his character's feelings towards Laura. "I think the first time she came on to the show, he had his hands around her throat in the furniture shop and I'd forgotten about that. "So they obviously hated each other for a long time and he wasn't keen on her at all. "Then she appeared back and as time has gone on over these last few weeks, what you will see is they have formed an unlikely bond. "I've really enjoyed working on the scenes that we've done together. They've sort of become like a bit of an unlikely friendship and an unlikely duo." "Hopefully that will that will come across when everyone gets to see," Mikey explained, so could something happen between his character and Laura in the next couple of episodes? If Gary were to betray Maria, she has the power to bring him down as she knows he was the one who actually killed Rick. Discovering her husband was in love with another woman, Maria could decide to shop him to the authorities for what he did. This would mean Kelly would find out the truth and she would be furious Gary let her mother take the blame for his actions. But Gary could be pleased the truth is finally out and the woman he loved is able to have her memory restored. Mikey has spoken out on whether he thinks his character should get justice, explaining: "I think it depends totally on the manner of how that happens. "But if there is that redeeming factor and we can show that someone has changed themselves around, or there is a reason why they did it in the first place, I think it becomes more forgivable. "I think it just depends on the circumstances. "A lot of trouble he gets into is through him trying to do the right thing but doing the wrong thing. He's not doing it for being nasty's sake. "There is often a method behind his madness, it's just not very thought out." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.