Arsenal legend Ian Wright has told Tottenham that they have made two huge mistakes in the transfer window. Antonio Conte has had to work with a squad that isn't entirely his this season after replacing Nuno Espirito Santo earlier in the campaign. Tottenham’s decision to sell Kyle Walker-Peters and sign Emerson Royal has left Arsenal icon Wright completely baffled. The Southampton star was called up to the England squad this week with Gareth Southgate bringing in several newbies looking to win their first cap. Walker-Peters has been in brilliant form this season while his versatility has made him a favourite under Ralph Hassenhuttl. And the Austrian is now not the only one with Gareth Southgate keen to take a closer look at the 24-year-old. The full-back is joined by the likes of Tyrick Mitchell and Marc Guehi chasing their first caps. It makes the decision to let the defender leave Tottenham all the more bizarre - especially considering the replacement they brought in. That is the opinion of Arsenal icon Wright, who has criticised Emerson Royal after his disappointing season since signing from Real Betis as well as Serge Aurier. The Frenchman was initially brought in to fill the problematic position at right-back but was let go after also flopping. “Kyle Walker-Peters. Its great to see him. I remember watching him at Tottenham and I’m thinking they got rid of him and brought in Serge Aurier. When I watched Serge for a couple of games I’m thinking ‘I’m sorry, Kyle Walker-Peters is a better player’,” Wright said. “They brought Emerson Royal in and I’m saying I’m sorry, he’s a better player. And even with Doherty, who does great stuff going forward, I’ve watched Walker-Peters and I’m glad he’s got the call-up. “I’m thinking why have Tottenham got rid of him when you see how he plays?” Walker-Peters made just a handful of appearances for Tottenham during his time at the club - 24 in total across all competitions - before leaving in 2020. In that campaign, he managed just five games before signing for Southampton. But this season, the right-back has played 28 times and scored three. After Trent Alexander-Arnold and Reece James pulled out of the England squad with injuries, there is a real chance that Walker-Peters could be given a debut. The Three Lions face Switzerland and Ivory Coast in friendlies. Walker-Peters is joined by fellow Saints teammate James Ward-Prowse in the England squad this week. Southgate is expected to experiment a bit with his squad ahead of the World Cup this winter.