Chelsea hero John Terry is seemingly all-for Conor McGregor buying the club from departing owner Roman Abramovich. The UFC legend has publicly revealed his interest in purchasing the Blues as Abramovich looks to sell amid widespread backlash from Russia's recent invasion of Ukraine. The Russian tycoon has spearheaded an era of excellence at Stamford Bridge since taking over from Ken Bates in 2003. But despite denying any affiliation with Vladimir Putin, he is now looking for £3billion to sell up as the UK government continues posing sanctions on Russian money. Part of his statement read: "As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the club's best interest at heart. "In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club, the fans, the employees, as well as the club's sponsors and partners." JUST IN: Man Utd skipper Harry Maguire 'upsets team-mates' On Wednesday, McGregor took to Twitter to share a screenshot of a Whatsapp conversation, in which he wrote: "Chelsea up for sale, £3bn, let's buy it." He captioned his tweet, "I wish to explore this.", and mentioned Chelsea's official account to draw the club's attention. And later in the day, McGregor posted another tweet, this time showcasing a video in which he appears to be the Chelsea manager in a video game. The 33-year-old once again mentioned Chelsea's official account and captioned the post, 'Push it to the limit!'. READ MORE: Man Utd warned of Rice's conditions for leaving West Ham On Friday morning, Chelsea legend Terry responded to McGregor with three emojis - eyes, a blue heart and a football. The manner of the tweet seemed to suggest he was hoping to see the Irishman back his words up and buy Chelsea from Abramovich. However, reports suggest an American-Swiss consortium led by Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss are already in negotiations with Abramovich, who wants to sell the club quickly to prevent the risk of frozen assets. The consortium is confident that they can make progress with a deal this weekend, with a potential announcement coming as early as Monday. So whilst McGregor taking over at Chelsea is something of a sporting fantasy to many, it must be deemed unlikely at this stage. Abramovich has confirmed he won't be asking for any outstanding loans repaid to him, thought to be worth up to £1.5bn. The 55-year-old is also setting up a foundation with all net proceeds of the sale going towards helping victims of his homeland's attack on Ukraine. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.