WARNING: This article contains spoilers for season six, episode four. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) had been ignoring correspondence from his daughter’s doctor ever since her tragic death. However, in the most recent instalment, the doctor finally tracked Tommy down and revealed he was suffering from a fatal condition. But, some Peaky Blinders fans suspect this diagnosis may not be entirely accurate. Tommy was told the hallucinations, seizures and weakness he had been suffering from was not caused by a gypsy curse as he had previously thought. The doctor informed him the symptoms were of a tuberculoma, a growth caused by the same bacteria as tuberculosis. Tommy’s growth was found in his brain stem and was revealed to be inoperable meaning the gang leader has at most 18 months to live. Fans of the BBC drama debated the latest development in a Reddit forum. Read more: Peaky Blinders season 6: Duke Shelby to replace Tommy? Discussing the diagnosis, Reddit user Reesy stated: “The thing that made me a little suspicious is the fact the doctor gave Tommy a 'second opinion' from another doctor without Tommy even asking like he kinda shut the door on any need for Tommy to get an opinion from any other doctor. “It may be nothing as it's so close to the end, but I did feel a little suspicious.” Agreeing, Nani9013 added: “Something is not right here. This allusion to enemies and that he now has one in him. “This allusion that Tommy might contact a doctor friend to get a second opinion. As if this ‘friend’ wasn't subjective. Well, maybe I'm just suspicious. “But it might actually fit that Tommy is sick. Risk factors are alcohol dependence, malnutrition and close contact with TB patients. The symptoms are consistent with the doctor's statements: depressive moods, hallucinations, epilepsy, irritability. “This disease develops over months. It develops when normally a defence reaction has taken place and the body has undergone an infection. “He will be confused in the next stage and later fall into a coma. So he needs people to take care of him and ‘love him very much.’ I only know one person who would do that.” However, the fan pointed out the doctor could be the “grey man” Tommy's daughter had seen before her death. DON'T MISSPeaky Blinders season 6 episode 4 cast: Who guest stars? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby has been dying since first ever episode [THEORY]Peaky Blinders cursed sapphire explained as Tommy Shelby suffers loss [SPOILER] They continued: “The doctor had green eyes and was wearing a grey suit. He brings the news of imminent death. “Ruby had foreseen this. She also died of tuberculosis. So unfortunately it would fit. He's not immortal.” Although this could seemingly prove Tommy’s imminent death, Peaky Blinders fans will know nothing is simple in the drama and the “grey man” could become the gang leader’s saviour. The young girl's prophecy may be a warning to her father and inspire him to look beyond the doctor’s diagnosis. Why was the doctor so eager to let Tommy know he had already got a second opinion? The doctor may want to prevent the gang leader from getting treatment and he could have correctly assumed Tommy would want to focus his remaining time on his current cause than trying to save himself. Will the MP try to save himself or will he accept his fate and keep his condition secret from his family? Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.