The German-born royal was Queen of Great Britain and Ireland as the wife of King George II for a decade. Hailing from the German city of Ansbach, she married her husband in 1705 before moving to England with him nine years later. George was still Prince of Wales at the time, until his accession to the throne in 1727, upon which Caroline became Queen. During her 10-year stint as Queen, Caroline was said to have had a huge passion for arts and culture. She bought and displayed paintings of former monarchs, including portraits of Tudor kings and queens. Caroline also wielded significant influence at court and was instrumental in keeping Sir Robert Walpole in his job as Prime Minister. George had been keen to oust the Whig leader when he came to power, but Caroline artfully encouraged her husband to keep Sir Robert in office. However, any power that Caroline had while she was alive slipped away on her deathbed as she bled to death in 1737, following a series of brutal surgeries to try and correct a strangulated umbilical hernia she had developed while giving birth to her last daughter. Professor Kate Williams explained how the Queen met her grisly end after 11 days of surgery in a recent episode of Channel 5’s series ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan’s US retreat helped ‘make them stronger’, says royal expert The expert said: “She began to feel great pain at a royal reception. “All the doctors came to see her. They all checked on her. They all looked at her. “And in the end, they realised that what she had was what we call a hernia now, probably an after effect of childbirth, easily treatable, very common. “What they had to do was – part of her bowel was poking out of her stomach – push it back in again. “Instead, the decision was made to chop bits off.” The historian also revealed how the Queen went under the knife without any pain relief such as opium. Dr John Ranby, a Royal Society surgeon and his assistant were the heavy-handed pair who were put in charge of operating on Caroline. Professor Williams said: “Caroline underwent daily surgery at the hands of Dr Ranby in her bedchamber. Cutting her. Chopping her every day. “And this is the worst thing, there was no pain relief, there was no opium, there was no alcohol. “She was fully conscious through all this chopping and cutting of her bowel. DON'T MISS: ‘Oh f***’ Legendary photographer shares awkward moment with Princess Diana [LATEST]Queen has ‘earned right to carry on’ serving despite calls to rest – POLL [INSIGHT]Prince Charles 'incredibly sad' he had not met Lilibet before Prince Harry snub [ANALYSIS] “And Dr Ranby was directed by a colleague, the aged Dr Bussier, who by this point was 90, so a 90-year-old was telling Dr Ranby where to cut. “It seems to me that they realised they had made a mistake by the first chopping, and they kept on chopping to try and get themselves out of the hole.” After 11 days of surgery, Caroline’s bowel burst, and the doctors are said to have realised their error as the Queen grew extremely weak. Professor Williams said: “There was nothing they could do, and she was left to bleed painfully to death. “Three days later, she died at James’s Palace, just 54 with her husband, the King, holding her hand.” The expert said it was ironic that, as Queen, Caroline was surrounded by doctors who ended up killing her, claiming that if she had been too poor to see a professional, she may have survived her hernia. ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.