Fawlty Towers star John Cleese has taken to Twitter to defend himself amid a backlash to his comments about slavery at the SXSW Festival. The Monty Python star, 82, hit back at a fellow user before taking a swipe at the reporter who interviewed him at the event, where his microphone was removed by a fellow comedian and panellist. In view of his 5.7 million followers, the award-winning actor defended his comment that British people should be given reparations for being enslaved, which sparked a fierce backlash. His microphone was snatched away by another comedian who claimed they did so to "save his career". Twitter user @sajidmerchant took issue with John's comments and sent him a message explaining why. They wrote: "John, I love ur humor man, but mockingly comparing getting reparations for things that happened 1000 years ago, to things that happened less than a generation ago is a flawed comparison. (sic) READ MORE: Rylan told to 'grow up' and stop ‘mincing about' amid Ukraine crisis "But u do u." (sic) they finished. John replied: "Quite right, Sajid. But that was the joke. "The ridiculousness of the comparison was the joke. "But if you lack a sense of irony, you might not realise that. "But that's not a good reason to deprive people who do understand irony of a good laugh," he ended his post. John also posted: "Next time the Editor of the Hollywood Reporter sends someone to review a Comedy Festival he would do well to send a reporter with a sense of humour "Otherwise it's like sending someone deaf to review a concert," he penned. The frosty exchange came after the Life of Brian star's appearance at SXSW in Austin, Texas, on Friday night. DON'T MISS... Dominic West admits concerns as he joins cast of Downton Abbey [INSIGHT]James Martin sparks concern as he issues apology to fans [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams 'terrible mistake of letting Russia take Ukraine' [UPDATE] John spoke to comics Jim Gaffigan, Dulcé Sloan and Ricky Velez in a show called John Cleese in Conversation. The Hollywood Reporter claims that the star made comments on the subject of colonisation. He reportedly said: "[People] get competitive about this business of being oppressed, you do know the British have been slaves twice, right?" The publication told how some members of the audience were "‘laughing and applauding, some weren’t, and it was hard to know how exactly to take it". His microphone was then taken away by comedian Dulce, who said: "I saved a comic whose career I respect." However, the Monty Python star reportedly went on to say: "I want reparations from Italy. "And then the Normans came over in 1066… they were horrible people from France and they colonised us for 30 years and we need reparations there too, I’m afraid." His controversial comments come as his documentary, John Cleese: Cancel Me, is set to premiere later this year.