Liverpool's transfer chiefs will expect to be busy in the summer window as they look to renew the contracts of stars Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah amongst the signings of new stars for their future. But one key departure could be sanctioned in Divock Origi, with AC Milan reportedly taking an interest in him.  Origi, 26, joined Liverpool in 2014 after showing promise at French outfit Lille. The Belgian rarely featured for the Reds in his first few seasons, with the bulk of his appearances coming in the 2016-17 season. He scored 11 in 43 games under Klopp that year, although he has only made 94 appearances in the last five years. Despite his minimal showing, the Belgian has always popped up with vital goals for the Anfield outfit. His goals against Barcelona and Tottenham in the late stages of the 2019 Champions League single-handedly won Liverpool their sixth title, whilst late goals in the Premier League against Everton and Wolves have written him into folklore. But with Diogo Jota, Roberto Firmino and more all capable of playing as a striker, Origi is set to move on in hopes of finding first-team football.  And according to Milan News, Origi's representatives have met up with Liverpool chiefs ahead of a move to the Italian giants. The report states that Origi remains a 'concrete' target for the Rossoneri in the summer after enquiries were made in January. Milan are thought to be interested in bringing him to the San Siro as a result of his contract expiring in the summer. Several reports this week suggested that the seven-time European champions have already met with Origi's agent as they weigh up a move for the Belgian. Milan have identified him as a reinforcement for next season with the club wanting to repeat the success they have enjoyed following Olivier Giroud's signing on a free transfer last summer. They want a player who has 'different characteristics' to the former Chelsea and Arsenal forward, and they believe Origi falls into that bracket. There is a potential clause that means Origi could have a one-year extension activated to his current contract, although that is unlikely to happen. And that leaves Milan firmly in the driving seat for his services. The Lombardian side currently sit first in the Serie A table, three points ahead of Napoli. They face Cagliari on Saturday evening in a bid to extend their lead at the top. 