Fans of the acclaimed Breaking Bad prequel series have been trying to figure out the identity of a chilling figure who appears at the end of the brand new trailer for the AMC show’s final outing. Better Call Saul season six is one of the most anticipated TV events of 2022, but how will Saul Goodman (played by Bob Odenkirk) cope when he comes up against a terrifying new rival? Eagle-eyed Better Call Saul fans are convinced they’ve worked out the identity of the new character who appears at the end of the latest trailer. The unnamed antagonist seems to be working with Lalo Salamanca (Tony Dalton), who safely made it to Mexico last season. The Cartel leader briefly meets up with the mystery man, who looks up and smiles, in the final seconds of season six’s new promo. His resemblance to Lalo and seeming connection to the Salamanca have led some to speculate he could be the real Jorge De Guzman, a name which should sound very familiar to fans of the series. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Lalo used Jorge’s name as an alias in court after being charged with the murder of Fred Whalen (James Austin Johnson) in season five. One viewer took their theory to Reddit when they realised Lalo could have used the name of a real person in order to escape his sentence. User HaylStonee posted: “This guy. I think he's the real Jorge DeGuzman, but can't think of how it will play out. “Maybe he will go to prison for murdering Fred, and everyone will believe that it's actually Lalo that's in prison, but Lalo escapes?” While mlholladay96 replied: “I still stand by the theory that Lalo is going to have this guy killed so Gus assumes that he's dead.” Saul’s client Lalo could be setting up the real Jorge to take the fall for Fred’s murder, allowing him to strike back after the attack from Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito) and Nacho Varga (Michael Mando). Meanwhile, Saul is becoming more like the character fans originally met in Breaking Bad as he and Kim Wexler (Rhea Seehorn) move forward with their plot against Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian). Redditor myhouse92 1 agreed with the theory and replied: “I was thinking maybe if this is the real Jorge then he will go to prison.” DON'T MISS:The Chase viewers furious as ITV airs repeat celeb special [REACTION]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [LATEST]Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [UPDATE] "Maybe [he’ll] get murdered, leaving everyone thinking that Lalo is dead and only Jimmy and Kim knowing the truth.” However, other viewers weren’t so convinced Lalo would have used the identity of a real person to try and evade Gus. TraditionalClassic69 argued: “Huh? Gus knows Lalo is using the de Guzman alias and is bailed out of jail. “Gus is not going to be fooled by a lookalike or think Lalo is actually just going to report to American jail.” They then suggested the mystery man could simply be an as yet unseen member of the Salamanca family who’ll be introduced as another rival for Gus and Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks). User cgcs20 theorised: “I reckon he’s another Salamanca, possibly a brother of Lalo’s or maybe even his father (Hector’s brother?) who he is calling upon after his ordeal at the compound for help with his revenge.” Very little is known about his role in the next season, though, according to Actors Access, he’ll be played by the actor Marcus DeAnda. Thankfully, fans won’t have to wait too long to find out the answers to this and many other mysteries, as Better Call Saul is set to return in just over a month’s time. Better Call Saul season 6 premieres on AMC in the USA on April 18 and the next day on Netflix in the UK.