Daniil Medvedev has appeared to change his mind about his marathon five-set Australian Open final against Rafael Nadal. The world No 2 was two-sets-up on the Spaniard before Nadal fired back to win a record 21st Grand Slam time. At the time, Medvedev slammed the crowd for cheering on his faults while supporting his opponent and admitted "the kid [inside him] had stopped dreaming" as a result. Medvedev defeated Andy Murray in straight sets at the Miami Open on Saturday, inching him closer to regaining the world No 1 ranking from Novak Djokovic. The 26-year-old became the first man outside of Djokovic, Murray, Federer and Nadal to hold the top spot since February 2004 but lasted just three weeks before handing the ranking back to the Serb. Speaking to Tennis Channel after his 6-4 6-2 win over the three-time Major champion, he also opened up on what it was like to reach world No 1 last month. After referencing the "kid that dreamed" in his Australian Open final post-match press conference, referencing his younger self, he admitted that kid would be excited to hit the top of the rankings, telling Tennis Channel: "He would be really happy. When you grow up you change some of the perspectives let’s say and maybe sometimes you have to remember this little kid who was dreaming." The 13-time title winner told the story in his press conference to explain that his childhood dream has "died" as a result of the "disrespectful" Aussie Open finals crowd, saying at the time: "I'm just talking about few moments where the kid stopped dreaming, and today was one of them." But referencing his younger self in relation to reaching No 1, Medvedev also went back on his Aussie Open claims and admitted he was happy to have competed in such an epic final despite the heartbreak. JUST IN: Kyrgios explains how he got over Nadal loss to produce Miami stunner  "I mean even let’s say the Australian Open final which was a tough moment, if I would’ve known about it at six-years-old and they would ask me ‘do you want to live this moment or you prefer not to live it and not have this disappointment with everything’, probably I would say yeah I want to live it still," he admitted. "It’s just I made some conclusions about myself, about let’s say tennis in general and I just started to change some perspectives but yeah, this kid would be really happy." The world No 2 also let out his inner kid as he spoke about his love for gaming, revealing he had been part of EA's FIFA team of the year. Speaking about his off-course triumph Medvedev said: "It was fun that we managed to work with EA Sports together just for a small video where I could do my team. Of course when people like me do this team we’re a little bit bias so I definitely put [Joshua] Kimmich in there, some Bayern players." DON'T MISSKyrgios gives Miami Open outburst verdict as Brooksby spared full fineAndy Murray on 'borrowed time' as Grand Slam claim madeRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'   The US Open champion famously celebrated his maiden Grand Slam victory last year by recreating the L2 + Left 'dead fish' FIFA action and ending his victory speech by saying that "only legends" would understand it. He has since gone on to receive some perks from the creators of the game, including his video with EA Sports. And Medvedev admitted that gaming helped him to unwind while travelling on the tour, saying: "It’s what sometimes helps me to let’s say relax and get in another dimension, you just have to be careful because sometimes gaming can be addictive. I feel like I have the margin because I don’t play it during tournaments for example."