  Former EastEnders actress Louise Jameson has revealed the total transformation she underwent in the hair department in order to land her role as Mary Goskirk in Emmerdale. The star has bragged that since she made the change, offers have been rolling in.     Louise, 70, has decided to let her locks go naturally white, which has given her some fantastic results. Many actresses of a certain age feel the need to dye their hair for fear that the roles might start to dry up once they look “too old”, but for Louise the opposite has happened. Since embracing her natural hair colour, the actress has enjoyed countless job offers, including one to join Emmerdale. The star made her debut on the ITV soap last night, portraying the domineering mother of Rhona Goskirk (Zoë Henry). READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby     Mary spoke to the Mirror about her life-changing decision to embrace the grey ahead of her new role. “It’s extraordinary, but literally, since I’ve stopped dyeing my hair, there’s been lots of work coming in. I’ve had eight or nine offers,” she said. “I thought it would be the opposite, but no, work’s actually expanded for me. “Some actors try to look younger and manage it brilliantly, but I think if there’s an air of desperation about trying to hang on to your youth, then it does limit your casting.      “I’m very happy being 70 and letting my hair go white and not going down the Botox route,” she continued. “I think that age has to be embraced naturally.” Louise has now burst onto the scene as straight-talking mum Mary, arriving in the Dales unannounced just as daughter Rhona is about to propose to boyfriend Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock). One of the most appealing things about the character for Louise is that Mary is feisty and full of life rather than a stereotypical old lady. READ MORE... Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit [NEWS] Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [UPDATE] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [NEWS]     “Old people shouldn’t always be represented in cardigans and on Zimmer frames,” she told the publication firmly. Louise has been an icon of British television since the 1970s, when she first shot to fame as Leela on the UK’s longest-running sci-fi show, Doctor Who. During her time on the series between 1977 and 1978, she starred opposite the fourth regeneration of the Doctor, who was played by fan favourite Tom Baker. Louise also had a memorable role as Rosa di Marco in EastEnders between 1998 and 2000, an Italian matriarch who ended up dying of a heart attack off-screen.      Louise has hinted to Digital Spy and other media that her character might have a long-term future on Emmerdale. "I've got all my toes and fingers crossed so it just depends on what the powers that be think, I would love to stay," she gushed. When it was announced that Jameson would join the cast, producer Laura Shaw said: "We are absolutely thrilled to welcome Louise to Emmerdale. “It's great to have such a high calibre and talented actor join our already strong team and she will be a fabulous asset to the show." Emmerdale returns tonight at 7:30pm.   