The bank was set up by the Scottish Government to invest in companies that improve Scotland, create innovation or help decarbonise the country's economy. It is being backed by an investment of £2billion in its first 10 years. Mr Brown said the bank could be scaled up if the UK Government were to become a partner. The former prime minister was speaking to reporters as he unveiled polling on the cost of living crisis commissioned by the Our Scottish Future think tank which he founded. He said bringing the UK Government into the bank could increase annual funding to £1billion and help spur on the economy as well as counter the impact of rising costs. Mr Brown added: "It makes sense for joint co-operative efforts to invest in these key areas and technologies.  "Let's take the underfunded Scottish National Investment Bank. It has only 200 million a year to spend and yet far greater challenges than that for new investments. "We should invite the UK Government to be an equal partner in the Scottish National Investment Bank, using all the resources of Britain to make Scotland an export superpower in renewables, life sciences, digital and manufacturing." Mr Brown said the bank could also expand its operations, offering export guarantees and incentives to invest in Scotland, while also bringing in private venture capital firms to support its work. He added that over time the model could be extended to allow Westminster to be a shareholder in regional investment banks across the UK.  READ MORE ABOUT RISHI SUNAK'S 'STEALTH TAX' The Scottish Government is currently the sole shareholder of the bank. Express.co.uk has contacted the Scottish Government for comment. Meanwhile, the survey carried out by Stack, found 47 percent of 2,005 Scots asked said they would support a "serious plan to change Britain" over the country becoming independent. A total of 22 percent disagreed. Mr Brown said: "Scottish people, clearly as our survey shows, prefer a plan for Scotland to deal with this crisis in which we mobilise all the resources of Britain through co-operating with Britain and to show that this co-operation can happen if the Scottish Government and ministers are prepared to make the effort."  DON'T MISS: Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe touches down on British soil [REPORT]Peston: Sajid Javid vows full access to NHS for Ukraine refugees [REVEALED] Girl 'desperate to make friends' is rejected by every school in area [LATEST] He also again hit out at the Scottish and UK governments for their response to the crisis, describing the decision by Scottish Finance Secretary Kate Forbes to effectively mirror the Chancellor's £150 council tax rebate for people in homes ranging from bands A to D as "failing on fairness". He said: "When it comes to failing on fairness, the Scottish Government can't just blame the UK Government this time.  "For years they have pleaded for the right to do things differently and then immediately on having the chance to do things differently, they do the same as the Tories, both governments snubbing the poor." Ms Forbes accused Mr Brown of "blatant mendacity" over his criticisms of the Scottish government's cost-of-living response. She slammed the former Labour PM for lumping Holyrood in with Tory governments responsible for austerity. The SNP minister told the Daily Record: "Bluntly, Gordon Brown is the very last person anyone in Scotland can trust on these issues.  "He told people to vote No in 2014 promising respect for Scotland and equal partnership. Instead we have had continued Tory austerity, Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, and Brexit imposed on Scotland against our will – a Brexit which Brown's Labour party now supports." She added: "Gordon Brown knows how devolution works so his argument that the SNP isn’t ambitious enough is misleading. "Scotland’s funding has been unpredictable, our Parliament’s powers curtailed and the social security net has been consistently reduced by Westminster." 