The former British Army Officer explained that the only way to put an end to Vladimir Putin's infamous regime is for his generals to topple him. Russia has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine due to his disapproval of the possibility that Ukraine may join NATO. The former Army Officer told Brits that our best hope will be a fracture in the Kremlin so that the war can end before it escalates. Mr Collins told GB News: "Well I think that the big hope that we have, ultimately is that it will be the Generals who actually remove Putin. "They remove him on the basis that it's his war, not the war of the Russian people. "And they remove him on the basis that they were lied to, they were kept in the dark any failures being blamed on... We weren't told we weren't briefed. "You know you kept it to yourself and then you expect us to work miracles, so hopefully there will be a fracture within the Kremlin, that's our best hope. JUST IN: 'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats     Mr Collins added: "To end this before we stagger towards any talk of an air exclusion zone which is effectively a declaration of war. "And this happened in the second world war, there was a famous conversation between Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt. "Where we bought American airplanes but they said you can't come and get them, but we'll push them to the Canadian border, and you can come and pull the over. "That's before they'd gone to war with Japan, these are the sort of stakes that we're facing at the moment.  READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine     Mr Collins added: "Because, war with Russia could escalate to nuclear war, war with Russia could ultimately lead to war with China. "A proper global conflict, we don't want that, we need to buy time, we hope the Generals will remove him." Ukrainian politicians and President Volodymyr Zelensky have been urging Western countries to intervene by imposing a no-fly zone across Ukraine. A no-fly zone would mean NATO troops shooting down Russian aircraft from the skies to stop them from bombing Ukraine. Putin said: "Now we are hearing that no-fly zone must be established over the territory of Ukraine.  "It is impossible to do over the territory of Ukraine, it is only possible from the territory of some neighbouring countries. "But any move in this direction will be seen by us as a participation in the armed conflict or whichever side whose territory will pose a threat to our service members. "That very second we will view them as participants of the military conflict and would not matter what members they are." Due to Putin's threats of global destruction in retaliation to any country getting involved. Many Western countries have decided against taking action by putting their troops on the ground.  