BBC Newsnight's political editor Nicholas Watt followed the Prime Minister as he arrived in Brussels on a day which would see three summits be held in one city on just one day. Mr Watt spoke to Mr Johnson throughout his trip, including when the Prime Minister was roaming around NATO's headquarters. The pair soon sat down for an interview in which the Prime Minister was asked about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. During their interview, which was broadcast on the BBC last night, Mr Watt pushed Mr Johnson on whether Vladimir Putin's onslaught had helped keep him in Number 10. The Prime Minister had faced growing criticism from the public following revelations about allegedly lockdown-breaching parties being held in Downing Street. But 'partygate', which is now subject to an investigation by the Metropolitan Police, has in many ways been replaced as the country's most significant political issue by events in Ukraine. Calling the Prime Minister a "very lucky general", Mr Watt asked: "What does it say about your premiership that it takes the most serious war in Europe since the Second World War to escape?" JUST IN: BBC QT audience member fumes as 'little children going hungry' under Tory leadership Mr Johnson replied: "I think what it says is that we're very lucky to live in a country where journalists can, quite properly, go hard on this sort of question, this sort of issue because I can tell you, Nick, that is not what happens in Vladimir Putin's Russia." Mr Watt then asked if this meant the Prime Minister was open to taking tough questions on 'partygate', in which Johnson said: "Yes, of course. That is what it's all about." He added: "I think what people understand is that if Vladimir Putin lived in a democracy and if Vladimir Putin had Newsnight on his case and people asking him really penetrating questions about what he really thought he was doing in Ukraine... I don't think he would have made the catastrophic mistake he has made." Mr Johnson has certainly experienced something of a revival following Putin's invasion of Ukraine. There had been concerns 'partygate' could prompt a vote of no confidence in his leadership of the Tory Party with reports speculating enough letters might be submitted to the 1922 Committee to necessitate a vote. However, Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross, who has been critical of Mr Johnson since resigning from Government over Dominic Cummings' trip to Barnard Castle, confirmed he had withdrawn his letter from the office of committee chairman Sir Graham Brady. Mr Johnson has also seen his ratings in the approval polls bounce back slightly since hitting lows in January. Labour's lead over the Tories hit double-figures in January, including one survey which suggested the Conservatives had fallen 14 points behind Sir Keir Starmer's party. However, the most recent opinion poll by Kantar Public puts the Tories and Labour neck-and-neck on 36 percent. Speaking to Express.co.uk earlier this month, one ally of the Prime Minister also suggested Mr Johnson's response to events in Ukraine had helped bolster his position in Downing Street. DON'T MISS:Europe threatened by further crisis over Russian diesel [FUEL CRISIS]Sturgeon shamed for linking Putin's war to Scottish independence [SPOTLIGHT]Italy OUT of 2022 World Cup after North Macedonia's stunning winner [SPORT] Ex-UKIP and Conservative MEP David Campbell-Bannerman, who supported Mr Johnson in the 2016 and 2019 Tory leadership contests, said: "The momentous nature of the first big war in Europe since 1945, bigger than the Hungarian uprising or Czechoslovakian crushing, is sobering for all." "I think Boris deserves enormous credit for his leadership as the first to get weapons into Ukrainian hands." He added: "I do think we can regain a positive in the polls, I think the Prime Minister has done a superb job and is a great war leader, just like his hero Churchill. "There's a Churchillian feel to how Boris has led the free world and been very robust and supportive of Ukraine, I think he's made a real difference."