Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel made a "statement" by bringing on Timo Werner instead of Romelu Lukaku against Burnley, according to former Blues hero Joe Cole. Chelsea ran out 4-0 winners at Turf Moor on Saturday thanks to four second-half goals. But record signing Lukaku was an unused substitute. Burnley had the better of the first half and will have been disappointed not to be leading at the break. But Chelsea blitzed them early in the second period, scoring three before the end of the 55th minute. Kai Havertz grabbed a brace after the returning Reece James opened the scoring. Christian Pulisic sealed the win but Tuchel resisted any temptation to bring on Lukaku to try and help the Belgian grab another goal following his strike against Luton in the FA Cup in midweek. TOP STORY: Joe Cole hits out at Chelsea star in clear message to Thomas Tuchel during Burnley win  Werner was instead brought on in place of Mason Mount. Cole was impressed with Havertz's performance and claims playing at No 9 is his best position. But he says leaving Lukaku on the bench is a bold move by Tuchel. "Chelsea just blew them out of the water, as you would expect with the quality they have on the pitch," Cole said on BT Sport Score. DON'T MISSLiverpool have £50m transfer problem as Jurgen Klopp begins summer planning [TRANSFERS]Arsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new Henry [OPINION]Liverpool boss Klopp may have given away who he wants to sign if Mane or Salah leave [QUOTES]  "Reece James, outstanding, can't sing his praises highly enough. "I think Pulisic came into the game, Mason Mount came into the game, Havertz with two goals. "I think he's better as a No 9, a false nine. He looked like a penalty-box player today which I feel he is. He comes alive and he'll score many [goals]. "I think what was telling today is that the fact Chelsea were three or 4-0 up and Thomas Tuchel looked at his bench and Werner came on, Lukaku didn't. I think that's a statement. "If you're a manager and you're trying to manage your squad, that's an opportunity for him to come on, maybe tap another one in and build himself up. But he didn't.  "But it's a great win for Chelsea on the road." Tuchel was delighted with the result after a difficult first half. "The first goal helped us. In these matches that are so tight, that obviously gives you a lot of confidence," he said post-match. "It’s a good performance overall because it’s not easy to come to Turf Moor. It was a good team performance, very focused. "It improves my impression that we’re constantly getting better and better. We deserved to win and it was a very good second half." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 