A Russian stock market analyst left a TV host speechless as he offered a funeral toast to the country's stock market. Russia's stock market has been closed for five straight days following unprecedented economic sanctions from the West. In a clip that quickly went viral on Thursday, investment expert Alexander Butmanov said he was going to have to return to his teenage job as Santa Claus if the economy continued to sink. The interview has racked up more than a million views online so far. During the live TV broadcast, the analyst pulled out a bottle and drank to "the death of Russia’s stock market". The interview began when the host asked: "Are stock market strategies outdated now, or do you hope to still remain in the profession?” Mr Butmanov, who founded the financial technology firm DTI Algorithmic, responded: “Worst case scenario, I’m going to work as Santa Claus, as I did 25 years ago." JUST IN: Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine He continued: “Excluding jokes, let’s do this quickly. I send regards to Sergei Usychenko, who drank 12, 13 years ago to the death of the stock market." The stock market analyst then opened up a glass bottle and addressed viewers directly to the camera before taking a swig. He said: “Today, I’m drinking carbonated water. "Dear stock market, you were close to us, you were interesting, rest in peace dear comrade.” The visibly stunned host looked shaken as she responded: “I’m not going to comment on this stunt, because I don’t want to believe it.” Russia's currency, the ruble, has tanked following a barrage of Western sanctions. The ruble is down 30 percent on the dollar year-to-date. Last weekend, dozens of countries came together to target Russian access to the SWIFT interbank messaging system, its central bank reserves, numerous exports, and Russian banks. DON'T MISS: Zelensky blasts Russia's attack on nuclear plant - statement in full [SPEECH]Meghan and Harry 'haven't done enough' to earn NAACP award [REACTION]Queen put her foot down to stop Royal Family taking over her duties [VIDEO] Others have also imposed sanctions on individuals in the country including Russian President Vladimir Putin himself. In response, the Russian central bank was forced to more than double the country’s interest rate to 20 percent on Monday to calm inflation. Elsewhere, London-listed Russian stocks have collapsed and their trading suspended. Ratings agency Fitch downgraded Russia's status to “junk” and analysts say the country’s stocks are now “uninvestable".