The UK’s largest property portal, Rightmove, has today revealed that the price of homes coming to the market has hit another new record high. The national average asking price now stands at an eye-watering £354,564. The 1.7 percent (£5,760) increase is the largest recorded at this time of year since March 2004. Furthermore, the annual rate of 10.4 percent is the highest that Rightmove has recorded in any month since June 2014. Rightmove’s director of property data, Tim Bannister, said there are three reasons why homeowners should “make it their goal to sell this spring”. He explained: “Firstly, the potential to achieve a record price for their property. “Secondly, the imbalance between high buyer demand compared to low available property supply is the greatest that we have ever seen for the start of a spring market, meaning that the chance of being able to pick and choose between several suitable buyers is strong. “Thirdly, the proportion of properties finding a buyer within the first week is also at an all-time high for this time of year, so sellers with an appropriately priced and well-presented property can expect a shorter marketing period than the norm. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains “Those who weren’t ready to take advantage of last year’s rush now have another chance to get on the market while these conditions last. “Many of those who are selling in this record-breaking market obviously also face the prospect of buying again in the same market, and being in fierce competition against other buyers. “Having a buyer for your own property, subject to contract, puts those who are buying again in a powerful position compared to buyers who have yet to sell, and agents report that these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the best deal on price.” The property market is facing twice as many buyers as sellers which means demand is continuing to outstrip supply. Rightmove has also said that there are more than one in five deals being agreed on their site within the first week of being marketed.  DON'T MISSProperty: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house [INSIGHT]How to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [UPDATE]Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing technique to avoid lawns diseases [ANALYSIS] Almost half of homes on the market are having a sale agreed within the first two weeks of being marketed. However, Mr Bannister said estate agents are reporting that price reductions are taking place if the property has not found a buyer within the first two weeks. He added: “It could be that the property is too niche and has to wait for the right buyer with those specific requirements to come along, but more often it’s due to prospective buyers being underwhelmed by a seller looking for an over-optimistic asking price compared to other properties that are being snapped up at record speed. “Acting quickly on a price reduction before the property goes stale can help to get sellers back on track for a speedier sale.” The largest monthly price rise has been recorded for homes at the top of the ladder which comprises of homes with four bedrooms or more. These homes have seen a 3.8 percent (£23,619) increase due to high demand and lack of supply. But it’s “second-stepper” homes that are selling the fastest, with just over half (50.3 percent) of these homes finding a buyer within the first two weeks of marketing. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Guy Gittins, CEO of Chestertons said he is anticipating more homeowners to put their homes up for sale in the next few weeks. He said: “Not even half way into March, we had already witnessed an 11 percent increase in buyer enquiries and 16 percent uplift in sales compared to the same time period last year. “This is an early indicator for the spring market to be extremely buoyant. “Known as the ‘spring bounce’, we anticipate more vendors to put their properties up for sale over the next few weeks, which will improve the currently competitive market conditions for house hunters.” Kate Eales, head of regional agency at Strutt & Parker said: “The market continues to be competitive with demand outweighing supply, driving up house prices across the country.  “But despite historically low stock volumes dominating headlines over the past few weeks, we’re beginning to see incremental increases in the number of homes coming to the market as we enter spring. “The increase in demand for larger homes is evident as buyers search for more space including room for a home office. “The trend of a significant number of people planning to work from home for three days a week or more in the longer term has created new hotspots across the country for part-time commuters including Shropshire, North Cotswolds and Suffolk. “Regional price increases have been bolstered by buyers who have adapted to this competitive market by looking to neighbouring towns and villages to what may have been their preferred location.”