Three-quarters of Brits voted to make daylight saving time permanent, citing seasonal depression, higher crime rates, higher energy bills and poorer health outcomes during winter as some of the motivations. Earlier this month, the US Senate unanimously voted to make Daylight Saving Time permanent from next year, ending the cycle of changing clocks by an hour bi-annually. It comes as new research shows Britons also seem ready to ditch the twice-yearly clock change and stick to British Summer Time all year round. The move would mean more daylight during the winter months which could also potentially lead to increased economic activity. A poll taken by smart light company 4lite shows that 75.8 percent of British voters would like to see the practice scrapped, while only 11.6 percent wanted to keep the clock change, and 12.6 percent were undecided.  The poll supports the view of campaigners who have historically argued that abolishing the clock change and keeping British Summer Time all year-round benefits the nation because it saves energy and helps to reduce traffic accidents. Some voters even suggested the move could help people save on household expenditure. Almost half, 47 percent, of those who took part in the poll believe their energy bills increase by putting the clocks back in winter and a quarter, 23.5 percent, think there are more road accidents. Other reasons cited were that less sun in winter months created poorer mental health, people spend less time outside, children have less time to play out and crime rates increase.  READ MORE: UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles  As many as 40.2 percent of women also said they are less likely to go out in the winter because it gets dark earlier, with almost a quarter saying they stay home because they feel vulnerable going out in the dark. Jane Rylands, Head of Marketing for 4lite, said: “With rising energy prices and a unanimous public vote for change in America, we think the time is right to reignite the debate about permanent daylight saving in the UK. “Our survey shows that many people think changing the clocks feels like an outdated tradition and, although now it feels like part of normal life, we have only been doing this for the last 100 years. “As we move into British Summer Time this weekend, the extra hour gives us more daylight to spend outside in the evening, will reduce energy bills and will generally help lift our mood.” DON'T MISS: BBC Weather: Brits set for steaming 21C as UK hotter than Ibiza [INSIGHT]Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [COMMENT]'Hold on!' Dan Walker questions Carol Kirkwood's warning [ANALYSIS]  Some sleep scientists say that changing the clocks even causes an increased risk of heart attacks in the first three days after the clocks change. However, others argue it could cause more harm than good and create disruption and misalignment to the circadian rhythm of our bodies. Daylight saving time was first introduced in 1916, during World War One, and Germany was the first country to use daylight savings time. The UK followed suit just weeks later. One of the key people responsible for the worldwide adoption of Daylight Saving Time was British Campaigner William Willett. In 1907 he self-published a pamphlet called 'Waste of Daylight', which was backed by Winston Churchill. 