President Zelensky spoke to the EU Parliament via video link and said Ukraine was dealing with a "reality" where the country was giving away its "best people" for freedom and the desire to be equal. The leader then delivered a powerful speech where the "price of freedom" was facing down Russian forces which saw the English translator fight back his emotions as he continued speaking. Mr Zelensky added he and many other Ukrainians had "a desire to see our children alive" and doubled down on calls to allow Ukraine to join the European Union and wanted Europeans to prove their character and defeat "darkness". Speaking to the EU Parliament, Mr Zelensky pleaded with leaders to support Ukraine and allow his country immediate membership to the bloc. He told the chamber: “Now we are dealing with reality, we’re dealing with killed people. “And you know, I believe that we today we’re giving lives for values, for rights, for freedom for the desire to be equal as much as you are. “We are giving away our best people, the strongest ones, the most value-based ones - Ukrainians are incredible.” Mr Zelensky then discussed how town squares have been attacked by Russian missile attacks and referenced Freedom Square in Kharkiv which has seen the worst of the bombing. Later on, he said: "Nobody will break us, because we are Ukrainians… “We have a desire to see our children alive, I think it is a fair one. “We are fighting for survival. We are fighting to be equal members of Europe.  "We are exactly the same as you are. So do prove that you are with us. "Do prove that you are indeed Europeans and then life will win over death and light will win over darkness. "Glory be to Ukraine." During his speech, the English translator could be heard getting emotional which saw European leaders give a standing ovation once it ended. President of the European parliament, Roberta Metsola, thanked President Zelensky for making an appearance. She said: "Mr President thank you for showing the world what it means to stand up. DON'T MISSFears peace talks are just Putin's sham diplomacy [ANALYSIS]'WW3 has started!' Journalist in tears as she confronts Johnson [REPORT]Sanctions? How the West is funding war through gas sales [EXPLAINER]  Thank you for reminding us about the dangers of complacency." Earlier this week, Mr Zelensky put pressure on the EU to allow it to join and to open it up to further Western support after signing an application to allow him to join. He said: “We ask the European Union for Ukraine’s immediate accession via a new special procedure. “Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. I’m sure it’s fair. I’m sure it’s possible.” While Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has expressed support for Ukraine joining the EU the responsibility lies with the EU member-states who have disagreed about EU enlargement in the past. Additionally, membership application of the European Union typically takes several years and requires unanimous support from all member-states. 