Spring is upon us, and now is the perfect time for green-thumbed Britons to get back into the garden. However, the onslaught of winter weather and storms in recent months may have left your green space looking a little patchy. Chris Mcllroy, lawn expert at The Grass People spoke to Express.co.uk to share his top tips for "reviving" and "maintaining the perfect lawn". With so much gardening ahead of you as the days get longer and sunnier, the beginning of the season is the perfect time to make sure all of your tools are in working order. Mr Mcllroy explained: "Blunt blades and faulty parts can stop you in your tracks when your grass is in desperate need of a trim come spring. "Mowing your lawn with blunt blades can damage your grass resulting in a yellow, brown and raggedy looking lawn. "In some cases, it can even pull up portions of your grass as it pulls on the entire plant instead of slicing through cleanly. "Servicing your mower now will ensure that it is ready to go as soon as the time for your first mow of the season comes around." Your lawnmower isn't the only tool to focus on, though. Secateurs, hoes or shears can all end up blunt by the end of the year. To revive them, Mr Mcllroy recommends using "oil on the blade and then file the edges to sharpen". He added: "Just ensure you have removed any leftover oil once you’ve finished sharpening your tools." READ MORE: Inside Zara & Mike’s former mansion in Cheltenham - worth £1.69million During the winter months, there is very little need to mow your lawn, and in fact, it can even do more harm than good. However, as March progresses, Mr Mcllroy says "mowing season" has officially begun. He explained: "In March temperatures begin to warm up and hit eight to 10 degrees consistently, so this is when mowing season begins. "Regular mowing will improve the quality of your lawn and mowing once a week during spring and autumn will result in a healthier lawn." Even once you incorporate mowing back into your garden-care routine, the expert warns people not to cut blades too short. He said: "The recommended mowing height for a regular lawn is 20-40mm if you try and cut it shorter you may cause damage to your grass. "Excessive mowing can also create a nitrogen deficiency and cause your grass to yellow and dry out in the sun." DON'T MISSHow to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar [EXLPAINER]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [REVEALED]What to plant in March: Flowers and vegetables to plant the month [INSIGHT] Though many plants fall dormant in the winter, there are several varieties of weed that continue to grow. Before the spring and summer weather hits, it's a good idea to check your lawn for any common weeds. Mr Mcllroy said: "The four most common weed grasses you will come across in any UK lawn are Poa Annua - also known as Annual Meadow Grass, Couch Grass, Yorkshire Fog and Rough Stalked Meadow Grass. "The best way to prevent these types of weeds is by ensuring you have a healthy lawn which can act as a barrier to weed grasses. "Maintaining lawns with practices such as scarifying, aerating and feeding can improve grass root strength and help the lawn fight off all types of weeds, not just unwanted grasses. "Luckily, it is quite easy to get rid of these weeds, and with the right lawn care, you can limit the chances of them appearing again." If you do notice any weed grass, use a blade to cut vertically at the roots and remove the clumps. Next, prepare the soil and replace it with seed. However, if you have left it too long and the weeds have spread, chemical weed killer may be your only option. But, bear in mind, this will also kill off your grass in that area, meaning you may have to start your lawn again from scratch. Seed any bare patches If your lawn is starting to look a little thin, or bald in certain areas, March is the perfect time to re-seed. Mr Mcllroy explained: "After winter, our grass can look a bit weathered and worse for wear. "Bare spots will undoubtedly appear over winter, so a bit of overseeding will go a long way in reviving your lawn's appearance." If your lawn is starting to look a little thin, or bald in certain areas, March is the perfect time to re-seed. Mr Mcllroy explained: "After winter, our grass can look a bit weathered and worse for wear. "Bare spots will undoubtedly appear over winter, so a bit of overseeding will go a long way in reviving your lawn's appearance." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Much like re-seeding, feeding your lawn can also work wonders to boost its overall health. Not only will feeding your lawn with a spring fertiliser help to give it the vital nutrients it may have missed during the winter, but it can also ward off weeds and moss. Mr Mcllroy said: "Feeding your lawn will also help to bring it back to its former glory after winter, you can opt for a quick release or slow-release fertiliser, both will help the overall health and appearance of your lawn."