Leeds United are poised to hand Kalvin Phillips a new, improved deal in a bid to ward off interest from a host of top European clubs. The England international has been continuously linked with a move to Manchester United this season in the wake of his stunning form since the Whites were promoted to the Premier League back in 2020. The 26-year-old midfielder has played a pivotal role in the Yorkshire outfit's resurgence under Marcelo Bielsa in recent years - so much so that Phillips was rewarded for his sparkling domestic call with a starting berth in England's history-making Euro 2020 campaign. However, his emergence on the international stage has earned him some big-name admirers. The likes of Manchester United and Real Madrid have been linked with a move for his services in recent weeks - and it seems that interest is set to spur Leeds into action. According to a new report from The Times, Leeds are preparing to offer the homegrown midfielder a vastly improved contract in a bid to persuade him to remain at his boyhood club. While the club are 'confident' that Phillips is 'eager' to stay at Elland Road, there's a chance that the midfielder's head could be turned in the wake of some of the big names who are reportedly trailing him. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have already interviewed Ten Hag' with Ajax exit touted As well as Real Madrid, the likes of Paris Saint-Germain have also been keeping tabs on Phillips over the past 12 months. However, it's believed that neither Real or the French giants are likely to make a move for Phillips this summer. Unfortunately for Leeds, that doesn't mean that domestic interest won't be firmed up at the end of the season. The same report outlines that West Ham - who saw a number of bids for Phillips in the final days of the winter transfer window rebuffed - and Aston Villa are set to try and persuade Leeds to cash in on their midfield enforcer in the summer. Manchester United could also reignite their interest in the £60million-valued ace if they are priced out of a summer move for Phillips' England team-mate, Declan Rice. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land RudigerPogba reveals battle with depression after World Cup medal stolenPSG set time frame on Pochettino decision amid sack fears Phillips penned a bumper five-year deal with Leeds back in 2019 but has not inked fresh terms since then - even though the Whites have since been promoted and his reputation has sky-rocketed. After Leeds knocked back numerous bids for Phillips earlier this season, the midfielder's agent, Kevin Sharp, tried to downplay any talk of a move away. And he even hinted that Leeds had 'promised' to hand his client a new deal, saying previously: "Kalvin was pleased that Leeds turned those offers down. "He has never asked to leave Leeds in all his time with the club and has no intention of doing that now or in the summer. But I understand the offer that was turned down would have been a record for both buying and selling clubs. So I would hope that Leeds would honour their promise of a new contract for him which would then end any unsettling speculation about his future this summer."