Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff is hopeful the 'new governance' in place will not work against them once rivals begin investigating their bold sidepod design. The Silver Arrows unveiled their radical new design of the W13 on Thursday when Lewis Hamilton took the track. The sidepods of the car were drastically reduced to practically be nonexistent compared to every other car on the grid. With major new regulations in place for the 2022 season, teams have been spending the winter period trying to put them ahead of the rest at the start of the campaign. Mercedes appear to have done so with F1 boss Ross Brawn among many to praise their innovation and bold design feature. But Red Bull team principal Christian Horner was quoted earlier in the day expressing concerns that Mercedes' car was 'not legal'. JUST IN: Red Bull promise Mercedes response after W13 upgrades in Bahrain  Red Bull later denied Horner made any such remark with the team principal further distancing himself from those comments. No formal protest has been made as of yet, but Brawn did indicate that Mercedes should expect some fightback from other teams. Wolff is adamant there shouldn't be any issue and wants his Mercedes engineers to be praised for their innovation. However, Wolff accepts that there is nothing the team can do if a 'super majority' ultimately decides to force a change. DON'T MISS  "First of all, it is clear that when you come sometimes with an innovation, it creates the kind of debate that we are having here and that is why that was expected," Wolff said in his press conference. "We have the new governance with the super majority that is needed. "My opinion is that I would have preferred to have stayed with the old system and if a team comes up with an innovation you possibly can't take it off the car if it is compliant with the regulations. "I think the FIA and Formula 1 will for sure handle that with diligence, in the spirit of the sport. "We were keen in not running alone with that, but being in touch with the FIA, that's why I think it will be okay." George Russell admits to being "proud" of driving for a team capable of pushing boundaries, but he admits the real indication will not come until the first race of the season. “I guess it looks interesting, but it’s not about how it looks, it’s about how fast it goes – so I don’t really have any more thoughts than that," he said. “It obviously caught quite a few people’s eyes this morning,” he went on. “And I guess from my side, I’m proud to be part of a team that’s pushing innovation and all this hard work, you know, blood, sweat and tears going into it, seeing something pretty spectacular being pulled off is pretty incredible. “But as I said, it doesn’t matter what it looks like; we need to see if it’s fast on track.”