The Russia-Ukraine conflict has entered its eighth day and continues to intensify. Ukraine's second largest city of Kharkiv has been relentlessly bombed, with buildings unrelated to the military targeted, like an opera house and a concert hall. The mayor of the south-eastern city of Mariupol says that scores of civilians have been killed in relentless shelling of residential areas by Russian forces. He told Ukraine's 1+1 TV Channel that Moscow's troops have stopped civilian evacuations from the port city, preventing thousands from fleeing the battle. Vadym Boychenko said: "There’s been colossal destruction of residential infrastructure, there are many wounded and unfortunately many civilians dead, women, children, old people. "A full-scale genocide of the Ukrainian people is under way." Russia began its invasion of Ukraine last week on the orders of Russian President Vladimir Putin. Many say he wants to reestablish Russia's sphere of influence in its former Soviet states, which included: Ukraine, Georgia, Belarus, Uzbekistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, as well as countries that were sympathetic to the Soviet cause, like Albania, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Bulgaria, Romania, and the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). In the years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, many of the states looked to distance themselves from Russia entirely in order to prove that they were committed to their new governments and democracy. This included Poland, which, following its 2005 elections, released a possible World War 3 scenario that was created by the Soviet Union in 1979, in order to "draw a line under the country's Communist past", and "educate the Polish public about the old regime". In what was known as the 'Seven Days to the River Rhine' exercise, the military simulation depicted the Soviet bloc's vision of a seven-day nuclear war between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces. The archived military document revealed how most of Europe would have been laid to waste, and showed how Pact forces would have responded to an attack by NATO. JUST IN: Russian soldier sobs humiliated by Ukrainians in video While the main goal was to reach the River Rhine, its plans beyond this were to venture as far as the Pyrenees, the mountain range straddling the border between France and Spain. Securing this and the areas before it was crucial in preventing the US, Canada and the UK from landing reinforcements for NATO in northern Europe. As per the plan, Soviet Russia hoped to have secured Denmark within a week, and the Atlantic Ocean within 14 days of the start of the fighting. Some Soviet allies like Czechoslovakia thought the plan too optimistic, while some present-day Western planners believe that such a goal was unrealistic or even unattainable. In the archived military document, red mushroom clouds were drawn over Western Europe and indicated where Soviet nuclear weapon strikes would hit. DON'T MISS Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse [REPORT] Putin left reeling as key ally Belarus refuses to join war [INSIGHT] Lavrov issues chilling warning to West over nuclear war [ANALYSIS] Red clouds were placed over the then-West German capital, Bonn, and other key German cities such as the financial centre of Frankfurt, Cologne, Stuttgart, Munich and the strategically important northern port of Hamburg. Brussels, the political capital of NATO, would also have been targeted. Blue mushroom clouds, representing the expected NATO nuclear strikes, were drawn over cities in the eastern bloc, including Warsaw and the then-Czechoslovakian capital, Prague. On releasing the archived plans, Radosław Sikorski, who was then-Polish defence minister and is now a member of the European Parliament, said: "The objective of the exercise on this map is to take over most of western Europe ‒ all of Germany, Belgium and Denmark." In addition to the plan, 1,700 Warsaw Pact papers were also released from Poland's military archive. Mr Sikorski said: "This is crucial to educating the country on the way Poland was an unwilling ally of the USSR in the Cold War. "The map shows a classic Warsaw Pact exercise ‒ it was a 'counter' attack to defend itself by going all the way to the Atlantic." He said he believed the map showed how Moscow was prepared to sacrifice Poland to save the Soviet Union. At the time, NATO's policy of retaining the right to a first nuclear strike — because the Soviet Union had far superior conventional forces — meant Polish troops dug in by the River Vistula would have been wiped out. Mr Sikorski, who was appointed in 2005 when the Law and Justice party won a surprise victory, after pledging to cleanse the country of its communist past, added: "This map is a moving and shattering personal experience. "It shows that the Polish army was being used to participate in an operation that would have resulted in the nuclear annihilation of our country." It was estimated that two million Polish civilians would have been killed as a result of the exercise.