The Last Kingdom returns to Netflix on March 9 and the final season is based on two more of Bernard Cornwell's books. Novels Warriors of the Storm and The Flame Bearer were the inspiration for the fifth outing. Executive producer Nigel Marchant explained the decision to end the TV show after five seasons. Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) has established himself as a fully-fledged leader in the final season. Yet he is still torn between supporting the vision of King Alfred (David Dawson) and reconciling with his childhood friend, Brida (Emily Cox). The series finale sees Uhtred make the ultimate choice as he realises his true destiny. For him, his story will continue on into the feature-length film, Seven Kings Must Die. The Netflix film is in the making and fans were thrilled to hear he will live on to fight another day. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom's Finan star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon But for many of the other characters, their story arcs will come to an end in the series. Nigel Marchant explained why they chose to end the small screen adaptation at books nine and 10. He said: "Fairly early on when we spoke to Netflix about the fifth season, obviously season four had done really well. "And we were really pleased it was in the top 10. In terms of season five, we felt these two central strands of the story were coming together and it was the natural point to finish the TV series. "Over the five seasons there was a very definite beginning, middle and end. "So it was a group decision that we came to. "However, we did know there were a few more books (not to spoil anything!) following on from where we get to at the end of season five. "So we did start to talk to Netflix fairly early about whether we could tell that end piece of the jigsaw so that it would feel complete. "And it was felt that the movie version was the right format to do that." The two-hour film is expected to air in late 2022 or early 2023. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Bresal? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Cynlaef? New rebel explained [EXPLAINER] The Last Kingdom season 5: Who is Eadgifu? [INSIGHT] Marchant continued: "Season five does feel like the end of the TV series, and the movie will be much more stand alone. "It’ll be an extra treat for the fans of the TV series, but you could also watch it even if you’ve never seen the TV show." There were suggestions that some of the characters could reprise their roles in the film. However, apart from Dreymon as Uhtred, no other casting announcements have been made. Dreymon has been keeping fans updated on filming for the feature-length project on social media. The cast have returned to Budapest for the project and it will hopefully be inspired by Cornwell's final three books. Fans took to Dreymon's Instagram to express their excitement over the film. Wooly_fingers said: "You guys deserved all this amazing success, I’m so excited!!! "Cannot wait to see all the backstage photos and teasers. Well done." [Sic] Tattonoviembre86 added: "Can't wait to see more!!! Emm.. If you film 25 seasons, I'll watch them all!! "Love how The Last Kingdom gives us history, fiction, reality, everything!! THANK YOU SO SO SO MUCH!!" [Sic]  The Last Kingdom season 5 airs on March 9.