Bridgerton season two has just landed on Netflix, with many fans already bingeing the entire season. Actress Ruth Gemmell sat down with ITV garden host Alan Titchmarsh on his show Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh to talk about the new season. She revealed that the show's global success took everyone by surprise and that it is like working with her family when filming scenes. Lady Violet Bridgerton (played by Ruth Gemmell) is the matriarch of the Bridgertons and has eight children to look after and nurture. A period drama with a difference, the show is produced by Netflix and Shondaland and often sits at the top of the most-watched shows in multiple counties on the streaming platform. When asked about the success of the show the actress said: "I think we were all surprised. "It's quite hard to get your head around."   She continued on her expectations for the series: "You always hope that people will get on board with and enjoy it. "At the time, I think everyone was desperate for something to be lite and frivolous and colourful and about love, and we hit the right moment, I think." "Also, we always knew that there would be some parts of the world that would be into it as the books are very, very popular." The on-screen family are just as chummy off-set with Ruth divulging that the Bridgerton children "are like my children" and sometimes scenes just "descend into chaos". The 54-year-old also let slip how the "pressure" of returning to season two was soon overshadowed by "joy". She described: "We must have felt the pressure going back but because of the pandemic, we were just overjoyed to go to work and to be seeing people. "It took the edge off of that – as time went on, those nerves went, and we were just overjoyed to be there." DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] The show is based on a series of books by author Julia Quinn. Each novel has a different Bridgerton child at the forefront with season one focusing on diamond of the ball Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor) and finding her a suitor. That came in the form of Simon Basset (Regé-Jean Page), and season two is all about Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and his purist for a match. New family on the scene, the Sharma's cause a stir with Viscount Anthony having his eyes on both Edwina (Charithra Chandran) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Not much is known about the future outings of the show, but she did reply to Alan's question about season three and said "I believe we are" coming back. The spin-off focusing on Queen Charlotte was mentioned but the tight-lipped actress added: "Very little I know about it." Fellow mother on the show Polly Walker who plays Lady Featherington recently spoke about her elaborate costumes.She said: “I can’t say that mine were comfortable."I have a massive corset going on." Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh airs Sundays at 11am on ITV.