Nikita Mazepin has been banned from competing at the 2022 British Grand Prix at Silverstone. On Tuesday, following an emergency FIA meeting, it was decided that the Russian could continue to compete in F1 races, albeit under the banner of a neutral entrant. However, the British Motorsport Association have now defied the FIA and ruled that the Haas driver cannot participate in the race weekend at Silverstone on July 1-3. Mazepin's future in the sport has been the subject of much controversy following Russian President Vladimir Putin's decision to invade his neighbouring country, forcing thousands of Ukrainian civilians to flee to the border in a bid for safety. A Russian convoy, reportedly 40 miles long, is currently heading for Kyiv as Putin seeks to launch a full-scale attack on the capital city. However, the invasion has been nationwide and on Wednesday morning, the country's second biggest city, Kharkiv, was the subject of a harrowing attack from Russian paratroopers, killing 25 people and leaving over 100 more injured. JUST IN: Max Verstappen ‘signs bumper new Red Bull contract’ that contains Lewis Hamilton twist In the immediate aftermath of the invasion, a host of sporting organisations opted to impose sanctions on Russia, with F1 bosses axing the Russian Grand Prix in Sochi from the 2022 calendar. Haas promptly removed Russian colours from their new cars, and then cut all ties with sponsors Uralkali, a company that Mazepin's father, Dmitry, helps run. However, The Automobile Federation of Ukraine [FAU] pressured the FIA to take things further, and suspend all Russian license holders. That prompted FIA President Mohammed bin Sulayem to call a meeting on Monday, with the future of the 22-year-old Mazepin reportedly top of the agenda. However, whilst the authorities did impose restrictions, ruling that no national symbols, colours, flags of Russian or Belarusian drivers could be displayed - they stopped short of barring drivers from the two nations from competing. DON'T MISS:Helmut Marko admits Red Bull tried to influence FIA ‘massively’ in Abu DhabiMcLaren star Lando Norris and Ferrari's Carlos Sainz's comments questioned by Ted KravitzToto Wolff’s actions emerge after Max Verstappen ‘signs bumper new Red Bull deal’  But on Wednesday, David Richards, Chair of Motorsport UK, confirmed the organisation would be going against the FIA. "We would encourage the motorsport community and our colleagues around the world to fully embrace the recommendations of the International Olympic Committee and do whatever we can to end this war. "Motorsport UK stands united with Leonid Kostyuchenko, the President of the FAU, the Ukrainian motorsport community and the Ukrainian people and calls for the violence to end with a peaceful resolution." After the invasion began, Mazepin took to Twitter to say "it's a difficult time and I am not in control over a lot of what is being said and done". His statement was widely criticised for his apparent reluctance to oppose Russia's actions.