Eastbourne Borough Council is seeking people’s views on a proposal for a new Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) to tackle anti-social driving, reported The Argus. The move would lead to anyone breaking the order facing fines between £100 and £1,000. Residents and police have identified parts of the town where anti-social and dangerous driving is a problem, including the seafront where ‘boy racers’ are often seen. A council PSPO covering these areas would prohibit dangerous and aggressive driving, speeding, manoeuvres, racing and excess noise from vehicles, and hefty fixed penalty notices of up to £100 or fines up to £1,000 could result for any driver failing to comply. The order would also make it easier for Sussex Police to enforce against anti-social driving. That would also include handing out on-the-spot fines for non-compliance. READ MORE: Drivers to be fined £200 just for touching a mobile phone Councillor Rebecca Whippy, a cabinet member for disabilities and community safety, said: “We already have PSPOs in place setting out controls on dogs and the consumption of alcohol in the town centre and these are effective. "We are now following the lead of other local authorities that have PSPOs in place to help control aspects of anti-social driving, as this nuisance behaviour from inconsiderate car owners can make residents' lives a misery. "I would urge all residents to give their feedback so that we can tackle this problem together.” As anti-social driving is most common in the town in the summer, the order would be in place annually between April 1 and October 31. According to the Road Traffic Act 1988, dangerous driving is classed as when the way someone is driving “falls far below what would be expected of a competent and careful driver, and it would be obvious to a competent and careful driver that driving in that way would be dangerous.” It also states “a person is also to be regarded as driving dangerously if it would be obvious to a competent and careful driver that driving the vehicle in its current state would be dangerous”. At the lower end of the scale, a fine or points on a driving licence are most likely. If the driving was particularly dangerous, or if it hurt or killed somebody, the driver could go to court and face prison. The maximum penalty is fourteen years in prison, an unlimited fine and an automatic ban. The minimum fine would be £100 and possibly a discretionary disqualification from driving. Section 59 of the Police Reform Act 2002 gives uniformed constables the power to act if they have reason to believe a vehicle is being driven in a manner which “is causing, or is likely to cause, alarm, distress or annoyance to members of the public”. Officers have the power to order anti-social drivers to stop. They must then issue a warning, unless they have reason to believe one has already been issued or circumstances make it impossible to do so. If drivers ignore the warning and continue to drive in an anti-social manner, officers can seize their vehicles.