The Cambridges' arrival in Jamaica on Tuesday, March 22, was met with protests from people demanding reparations for slavery and that the Royal Family apologise for their history of colonialism. Jamaican human rights activist Opal Adisa, who helped organise the demonstration said: “Kate and William are beneficiaries, so they are, in fact, complicit because they are positioned to benefit specifically from our ancestors, and we’re not benefitting from our ancestors." She added: “The luxury and the lifestyle that they have had and that they continue to have, traipsing all over the world for free with no expense, that is a result of my great, great grandmother and grandfather, their blood and tears and sweat.”  Following the protests, Prince William expressed his “profound sorrow” over the stain of slavery on Britain. Addressing dignitaries, he said: “I strongly agree with my father, The Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history.“I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent.“And it should never have happened.” However, the Prince stopped short of apologising for the Royal Family’s role in the slave trade.  The Royal Family’s involvement in slavery is long-running and significant. In 1663, Charles II signed a charter that marked England’s official entry into the slave trade. The British slave trade then ran for 144 years until it was abolished in 1807. Charles II’s brother the Duke of York ( who would become James II) was also a major shareholder in the Royal African Company which transported more African slaves than any other in history. Some enslaved people were even iron-branded with “DY”, which stood for Duke of York.   Moreover, Queen Anne arranged an exclusive contract to transport enslaved people to Spanish colonies in the Americas in 1714 and owned 20 percent of the stock. Professor Corinne Fowler, an expert in the legacies of colonialism at the University of Leicester told Express.co.uk that following William and Kate’s trip to Jamaica, other Caribbean nations are likely to follow in the country’s footsteps and remove the Queen as head of state. She said: “The Royal Family wanted to strengthen its ties with Caribbean nations with the tour but the visit has actually accelerated a Jamaican referendum over whether the Queen should remain ceremonial head of state. “Barbados already made this decision but where Jamaica leads, other nations are likely to follow. “  DON'T MISS: Ferrari launches passionate defence of 'quintessential' Royal Family Kate and William: How 'make or break' trip saved royal marriage Queen 'worried' for Prince Philip 'for a long time' In November 2021, Barbados became the first nation since 1992 to remove the Queen as head of state. Political sources told The Independent that Jamaica has already started the process of removing the Queen as head of state and that the matter was recently discussed at the “highest level” of government. One source said: “The government has had to start the process; the road to becoming a republic is not an easy one but they have long been coming under significant pressure to do it.” Professor Fowler added that an official “sorry” from the Royal Family for the monarchy’s links to slavery is “more than justified”.  She said: “The royals’ long and central royal involvement in slavery - since the 16th century - should be acknowledged directly and in full. “Acknowledgement is appropriate because slavery’s legacy is economic, political and personal – because of the slavery system, millions of people today will never know their real family name or family tree. “An official “sorry” is more than justified, but this has implications for financial reparations, which is why it is avoided.” She added that the Royal Family can use their platform to help repair the damage done by slavery. She said: “The Royal family has a massive platform. “Reparation is not just about money. The Royals can play a vital role in informing the public about British royals’ long involvement with historic slavery. “The royal family could also explore how to repair slavery’s economic and social legacies in earnest.” 