Strictly Come Dancing stars Nadiya Bychkova, 32, and Kai Widdrington, 26, delighted fans with an impressive performance at the Burrow Strictly Ball on Saturday night. The dancers jived to Reet Petite by Jackie Wilson and their chemistry was off the charts. The exciting routine had been choreographed by fellow Strictly star, Katya Jones, who was also at the event with BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker and his co-host Sally Nugent. Dan shared a clip of Nadiya and Kai to his 752,000 Twitter followers. The crowd went wild following the duo’s brilliant dance and Katya was also in the audience beaming with pride at the routine she created. The event was held in honour of former rugby player, Rob Burrow, who has been living with motor neurone disease since he was diagnosed in 2019. READ MORE:Chris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday Dan captioned the post: “A little treat for you. The Burrow Strictly Ball was a wonderful success last night. “There were so many great dances and one of the highlights was this jive from Nadiya and Kai. “It was AMAZING! They were so happy to support Rob and his family. “They only choreographed it on Thursday and then smashed it out last night. “Katya was chief cheerleader/shouter and Sally Nugent was SPECTACULAR too. “Hopefully loads of money raised for Leeds Hospital Charity. Thanks to everyone who took part for Rob Burrow.” Fans were thrilled to see the dancers back together. User @velvetwildcat gushed: “Fantastic stuff for a great cause. It makes me tired just watching them." DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson blames Putin's height as reason for invasion[LATEST]Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[INSIGHT]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[NEWS] David exclaimed: “So hot!” Helen added: “That is so so so exquisite. What a team!” And Jo joked: “Well [Kai’s] not a patch on you is he, Dan.” The ball saw several stars compete against each other in a bid to raise money for the cause. Competitors included former footballer Brian Deane, rugby star Barrie McDermott, TV doctor Amir Khan and BBC presenter, Tanya Arnold. With Dan and Nadiya on the judging panel, Barrie was victorious but joked on Twitter that his dancing career would be short-lived as he announced his “official retirement from competitive dancing”. Nadiya and Kai fuelled romance rumours last month when they were pictured kissing during the Strictly Live Tour. However, Nadiya took to social media shortly afterwards where she seemingly dismissed the speculation. She told her 136,000 Instagram followers: “Don't believe everything that is reported in the papers, or what you see.”