Season two of Top Boy dropped on Netflix earlier this month and the show quickly hit the number one spot in the UK. Viewers tuned in to watch as Jamie (played by Michael Ward) got out of prison to disrupt Dushane’s (Ashley Walters) unrivalled rule of Summerhouse. While Sully (Kane Robinson) emerged from his reclusive life to ride out for the family. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy. The season finale left viewers on the edge of their seats, and now it has been confirmed the show has been renewed for its third and final series. Speaking about the renewal, Ashley Walters and Kane Robinson said: “For those that have followed the journey from the start, you will know how much this show means to everyone on our team and we wholeheartedly know how much it means to you. "These characters have been a part of our lives for over a decade now and without everyone’s support we couldn’t have come this far." READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security  The duo went on to tease fans with what they can expect from the third and final series. They continued: "Whilst the journeys of Dushane and Sully have remained at the core of the show, the new characters that have entered the world of Top Boy have become a key part of the show’s legacy, representing each new storyline in a raw, authentic way. "With all this being said, and staying true to our original goal, every story must have an ending and so season three will be our finale. A chance to come full circle and end the journey in the right way. "We’re very excited about what’s next and thank you for riding with us. We appreciate you. See you again soon.” The cast of Top Boy will begin filming for the upcoming series in the summer, with a broadcast date yet to be confirmed. On Thursday, Netflix dropped the official teaser trailer for series three. As the clip showed pivotal snippets from all of the previous seasons, including Channel 4's Summerhouse, a message popped up on the screen that read: "There's a time for everything, everything has its time. "There's a time for family, and the times we let them go." DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's inundated with co-star messages as she marries beau [REACTION]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip's Izzie gasps as bench makes huge profit [VIDEO] "A time to come together and a time to ride out," the message continued. "A time to build empires and a time to burn them. There's a time for every Top Boy. "Every Top Boy has their time, that time is coming," the trailer concluded. The teaser ended with Dushane and Sully facing off, teeing up an almighty clash between the pair given the latter's shocking murder of his pal's "retirement plan" Jamie in the season two finale. Fans were quick to reply to the trailer, with many asking Top Boy creators for a spin-off, while others questioned whether Sully will die in the final series. "If Sully dies, we riot," user @ConnorSpeno penned as @Soapy77 replied: "If I really went through over 10 years of Top boy for Sully to die..." Marvin wrote: "Final season, I guess I’ll take that. Make a spin-off please." While Hector V suggested: "Just do a Top boy spin-off in Toronto." Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available on Netflix now. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix now.