Starstruck, which emulates the 1990s hit show Stars In Their Eyes, will crown its first-ever winner tonight (Saturday). The ITV series is judged by Adam Lambert, Sheridan Smith, Jason Manford and Beverley Knight who have watched a host of contestants transform into their music icons in a bid to win a cash prize. Ahead of the final airing, Adam opened up about the judges' occasional disputes.   Since the series landed in February, the judging panel has seen contestants impersonate Cher, Lady Gaga, Marvin Gaye, and Michael Bublé. The first contestant to make it into the finale was Rob Lea who dazzled the audiences and judges alike with his Freddie Mercury impersonation. The other finalists include Rachael Hawnt as Cher, Anastasia Baker as Tina Turner and Frankie Madden as Billie Eilish. The winner of the series will take home a cash prize of £50,000. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge?   Ahead of the final airing, Adam spoke to Express.co.uk and other media about working with the other Starstruck judges. He said one of the highlights of the series was being able to perform alongside them in the opening episode. "Even within the first couple of days, we clicked," the American singer-songwriter exclaimed. "And to be able to sing with them was just the icing on the cake, it was a blast."  The 40-year-old went on to explain how he and the judges got on "really well". He exclaimed: "There were no divas and we are all professionals. "We all found things in common and there was a lot of laughter." However, he admitted: "Of course, there were some friendly disagreements, because that is the nature of a show like this, but we had fun with it.  DON'T MISS...When is Starstruck back on TV? [UPDATE]Adam Lambert shares fears over Freddie Mercury impersonators  [EXCLUSIVE]Starstruck's Jason Manford takes cheeky swipe at Prince Harry  [VIDEO] "Maybe we had a little friendly debate about somebody but it was all with love." When they were asked if they met the other Starstruck judges ahead of filming for the ITV show, Adam explained: "I'd met Beverley in passing once and it was actually the first time meeting Jason and the first time meeting Sheridan. "You know what, it was instant chemistry and I am not just being politically correct, it really was the case." Adam had "shared a few tweets" in the past with Starstruck host Olly Murs who rose to fame in similar circumstances to Adam.  Olly was on The X Factor in 2009 while Adam was on American Idol that same year and they both made it into the final. The pair have both gone on to release their own music and Adam is now the lead vocalist for Queen + Adam Lambert, and Olly has been a judge on The Voice. Reflecting on their careers, Adam remarked: "We kind of had parallel journeys." Starstruck's final airs on Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV and previous episodes are available to watch on ITV Hub. 