Ukraine has been under attack from Russian invasion for the past week as President Vladimir Putin continues his invasion and plans to surge on the capital, Kyiv. Putin’s actions and the war have been condemned across the globe with numerous world leaders and famous figures speaking out against the war. And now, The Grand Tour’s Jeremy Clarkson has become the latest to do so. The Clarkson’s Farm star took to Instagram on March 2 to share a snap of two sports cars. With one coloured yellow and the other blue, Jermey captioned the post: “Subtly flying the flag on our latest adventure.” With the colours replicating that of the Ukrainian flag, a number of his followers soon flooded the comments section with words of their support. The post also provided a huge update on the next special of The Grand Tour as it confirmed filming was underway. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson slammed as the 'd***head from Top Gear' by Will Mellor While Jeremy didn’t confirm where exactly the special was taking place, a number of eagle-eyed fans quickly worked out where Jeremy and co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May were filming. Instagram users @shiftknuckle and @mr.imho both queried: “Norway?” And fellow fan @janofthenorth confirmed: “@mr.imho yep, Henningsvær Norway. Saw them there yesterday,” followed by smile emojis. @anygard98 also added: “They were spotted in Bardufoss. Guess there's no chance of meeting them. A shame, really.” Elsewhere in the comments, Jeremy’s Clarkson’s Farm co-star Kaleb Cooper also couldn’t resist weighing in. He cheekily penned: “Yep bring them two cars back for me to add to my collection.” However, while fans are convinced Norway will play host to the next special, others speculated Sweden could also be on the agenda. Fans will have to wait and see if the former Top Gear trio will venture across Scandinavia but a segment in Norway looks almost certain. DON'T MISS:Jeremy Clarkson opens up about his frightening car accident near farm'Even sadder now' Jeremy Clarkson shares thoughts on Ukraine invasionJeremy Clarkson blasts F1's Nikita Mazepin amid Ukraine conflict Jeremy’s support for Ukraine comes one week after Putin first ordered troops to cross the Ukrainian border. Ukrainian emergency services have announced there have been more than 2,000 deaths as a result so far. Russian forces have surrounded the likes of Kharkiv, Mariupol and Kherson. Putin’s forces are thought to be descending on Kyiv but have been met by Ukrainian resistance. On March 3, the UK’s defence secretary Ben Wallace insisted it “wasn’t too late” for Putin to withdraw. Mr Wallace said Putin risks putting Russia into isolation for decades to comes from the rest of the world. The UK along with dozens of other countries have already rolled out sanctions against Russia in retaliation. The Grand Tour is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now.