Rio Ferdinand has questioned Manchester United's decision to reward Bruno Fernandes with a new five-year-deal prior to making a managerial appointment. The former Red Devils defender fears the likes of Erik ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino may not want to retain the Portuguese midfielder. Fernandes is understood to have agreed personal terms on the bumper new contract with an official announcement from United expected over the coming days. Since arriving at Old Trafford in January of 2020 from Sporting Lisbon in a £47million deal, the playmaker has been integral to United's cause. The 27-year-old has netted 49 times in 117 matches for the Red Devils, including nine in 27 league outings this campaign, despite the club's well-documented struggles. Fernandes' exploits are set to see him rewarded with a mega-money new deal as United look to eradicate any possibility of him following in the footsteps of Paul Pogba by potentially departing on a free transfer. Former United defender Ferdinand admitted that he sees the logic to the club's thinking by tying Fernandes down, but also questioned the approach given the ongoing uncertainty over an impending managerial appointment. Discussing Fernandes' imminent new deal, Ferdinand said on his Vibe with Five podcast: "The last two years before this year he’s carried the team on his back. READ MORE: Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd  "There’s been nobody more consistent than him, maybe David de Gea at a push. He’s being rewarded. How many players are we seeing leave on a free transfer? Pogba… are we going to allow Bruno to leave on a free transfer? "They might sign him on this new contract and then sell him in a year, you never know because the new manager might come in and say he isn’t for me. But at least they’ve got him tied down. He can’t sit there for another couple of years and go ‘oh I’m just going to sit here and wait to go on a free’. "That’s where I agree – is there dialogue with the person coming in that we don’t know about that they want Bruno locked down. That could be a funny one. DON’T MISS Barcelona to add £33.5m to transfer kitty in Salah and Haaland boostKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "What if the new manager comes in and doesn’t want him? What they will say is we’ve got him tied to a contract and we want top dollar to take him, that’s the difference if he’s on a new contract." United have upped their efforts to conclude their search for a new manager in recent week following reports that the club's chiefs have interviewed Ajax boss Ten Hag. Paris Saint-Germain head coach Pochettino is the other frontrunner to succeed current interim Ralf Rangnick. The Argentine reportedly spoke with United recently and is expected to be formally interviewed over the coming weeks. The two other candidates on the club's rumoured four-man shortlist are Sevilla's Julen Lopetegui and Spain national team boss Luis Enrique. 