Andrew Neil has had a long and established career in broadcast journalism and was at the forefront of the launch of GB News. The journalist worked for the BBC for 25 years fronting various programmes including Sunday Politics and This Week. However, in a tweet shared to his followers, Andrew hit out at his former employer Sky over ratings. Andrew previously held the title of executive chairman for Sky TV. On Thursday, he shared a tweet from Sky News which read: “Watch live: #DailyClimateShow On today’s episode, the UK regulator extends the licence for a controversial oil field and Eastern Australian faces more flooding. “Plus Germany issues a warning of potential disruption to its gas supply.” Andrew captioned the retweet: “Sky News ratings collapse the moment this show comes on.” Read more: Andrew Neil exposes Putin's shame with 100k Russians 'fleeing tyranny' Followers of Andrew rushed to share their thoughts on whether they agreed with the broadcaster’s brutal take on the climate show. John Michael White tweeted: “That's a reason to talk about it more, not less. “It remains the single most important issue facing humanity, if people are bored now then swathes of the Earth becoming uninhabitable by humans, requiring billions to migrate, will start to pique the interest." Raymond Docwra added: “Think the idea of the show ok but not enough good material for daily. Deffo one of two shows I always switch off, that and FYI although I appreciate I’m not target audience for the latter.” (sic) Des Kehoe disagreed: “Tbh I don't watch it. I know it's probably all true and going to happen. “But for years now I have stopped planning for the future I am just trying to get by day by day and thinking about climate change is the last thing on my mind. A lot of working-class people feel the same.” Jim Paine posed: “An interesting observation if it's all about the business model and income from ads. I say well done to Sky for providing a niche service when they could be chasing the money. “Perhaps it should be left to a public service broadcaster instead?” DON'T MISS'Why are you increasing VAT!' Susanna Reid shames Anne-Marie Trevelyan [INTERVIEW]Susanna Reid's appearance distracts GMB viewers 'Blinding me!' [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh forced to leave GMB after 'worst ever' hay fever reaction [VIDEO] Stephen Russell suggested: “A more interesting and valuable show would be the 'Tomorrow's World' of climate change related R&D and technology.” “I admit I have on occasion switched channels because it’s a very depressing end to the (odds are already depressing) day but the times I have got into it, turned out to be a fascinating show,” Shruti Advani wrote. Meanwhile, Andrew has launched a libel battle with Jennifer Arcuri after she allegedly linked him to billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The former GB News chairman claims his reputation was damaged by two tweets posted in December from the businesswoman’s account. Andrew is seeking damages and a court injunction to prevent Jennifer from repeating the alleged allegations. Master John Dagnall granted Andrew permission to serve his libel claim on Wednesday. Neither the former GB News chairman or businesswoman appeared in court.