Kate provided a rare peek into her family history during her joint visit to Wales with Prince William on Tuesday. For their first stop as part of their Welsh visit, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge headed to Pant Farm, a goat farm in Llanvetherine, near Abergavenny. There, they discussed farming techniques, challenges and how the agricultural industry is entwined with the local community with Gary and Jess Yeomans. The farmers have been producing goats' milk that has supplied a local cheesemaker for the past two decades. While discussing agricultural management and getting to know some of the goats on the farm, Kate revealed she has farming in her family history. She told her hosts: "I was looking into my ancestry and there was someone who was a rare breed goat farmer. "I will have to find out which one it was. It was just after the First World War." At the farm, the Duchess also let slip she and William are getting their children involved in farming. Mr Yeomans explained the robot silage sweeper Prince William had previously spotted in one of the barns could be used to move feed. Chiming in, Kate said: "That was George's job at half term - moving feed." READ MORE: 'Sassy!' Princess Charlotte shows off strong personality while greetin The Duke went on adding Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis have all been involved in farming by their parents, adding: "We are trying some Agroforestry as well". The Cambridges are believed to have spent the February half term holidays at their home in Norfolk, Anmer Hall. This residence is part of the Queen's Sandringham estate, which Prince Charles has been working hard in recent years to turn into a fully organic operation. Kate had opened up on her ancestry also in 2020, as she led the Royal Family in paying tribute to the British Red Cross on its 150th anniversary.  At the time, the Duchess shared a rare family photo highlighting her connection to the organisation. The black-and-white snap, dating back to World War 2, showed Kate's grandmother Valerie Middleton smiling alongside her fellow nurses and wearing the Red Cross logo and a nurse's cap. Valerie, the mother of Kate's beloved dad Michael, served as a Voluntary Aid Detachment with the Red Cross during the second worldwide conflict. Kate also revealed at the time she has another relative who served in the Red Cross during wartime. Olive Middleton, her great-grandmother, served as a nurse during World War 1. During their recent visit to Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also visited Abergavenny Market and met some of the stalls owners. One of them, Nicky Hurst of Country Fare Wholefoods and Fine Cheeses, stunned cheese lover Prince William by having on display his favourite product. Recalling the meeting with the royals, the seller told People magazine: "They are lovely. "I wasn't sure what they'd be like and what to call them in terms of their titles. "I called them 'Kate' and 'Will,' and they were really relaxed." She added: "I asked William what his favourite was, and he said he liked a really rare Swiss cheese called Kaltbach. "And I said, 'Here's some!' He was really surprised and said, 'I didn't expect you to have that!'"