Arsenal should move for Brentford striker Ivan Toney if Alexandre Lacazette decides to leave the club in the summer transfer window, according to Garth Crooks. Lacazette is out of contract with the Gunners on July 1 and is yet to commit his future to the club.     The 30-year-old striker has stepped up to the plate since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left Arsenal for Barcelona in the January transfer window. Lacazette has become club captain and the focal point of attack, helping lead Mikel Arteta’s side to five successive Premier League wins. The Gunners have now moved past Manchester United into fourth place following their 2-0 win over Leicester on Sunday afternoon. Thomas Partey opened the scoring with a glancing header from a corner before Caglar Soyuncu’s handball allowed Lacazette to score a penalty to make the points safe. Arteta has made it clear that the club will wait until the end of the season to make a decision on Lacazette’s future and Crooks believes he has identified an “ideal” replacement if he does leave.  JUST IN: Arteta justifies Arsenal risk after Keown blasted 'unnecessary' deal “I caused a bit of a stir on Final Score and my colleagues Dion Dublin and Jason Mohammed raised eyebrows when I suggested that Ivan Toney would make a good fit for Arsenal next season,” Crooks wrote for BBC Sport. “I think they were slightly taken aback because they thought I might know something or have an inside track but my comments were purely speculative. “After all Ollie Watkins, a former Brentford striker, has made the transition at Aston Villa. DON'T MISS Aubameyang equals Zlatan Ibrahimovic record as Arsenal exit questioned Mikel Arteta piles pressure on Arsenal stars in Champions League claim Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has unusual tactic to predict VAR outcome  “Toney would be an ideal replacement if Alexandre Lacazette, for example, were to leave the Gunners in the summer. “Unlike Watkins when he transferred to Villa, Toney is already scoring goals in the Premier league and plenty of them – he has no transition to make. “As for Brentford, if Arsenal do come knocking, the west London club may have no choice but to accept the money. Brentford have a habit of selling when a player is hot.” Lacazette has contributed six goals and eight assists in 27 appearances for Arsenal this season, while Toney has 13 goals and three assists in 27 for Brentford. Toney has been in brilliant form recently, scoring eight goals in his last six matches to help the Bees move away from the relegation zone.  The 25-year-old, who previously led a journeyman career on loan from Newcastle, joined Brentford from Peterborough on a five-year deal for just £5million back in August 2020. Arsenal failed to find a replacement for Aubameyang in January and now face the prospect of losing both Eddie Nketiah and Lacazette on free transfers in July. "We have discussed that at the end of the season, when we know where we are, we are going to make a decision together [on Lacazette's future]," Arteta said last week. "We agreed the decision is to do it in the summer [assess the situation] and that’s when we are going to do it." 