British expats in Spain will need to learn the laws of the road if they’re going to drive. British tourists will also need to take care on summer road trips. Spain introduced new driving laws on March 21 and Britons could face fines or lose points if they break the rules. Driving while using a mobile phone is now against the law in Spain and Britons could face a fine of 200 euros (£160) if caught doing so. Drivers will also get six points on their licence if the device is being held and three points if not. Motorbike and moped riders can use an approved wireless device if it doesn’t affect their driving. READ MORE: Kate carries 'compulsory' outfit for Caribbean tour after 'tragedy'   Drivers are now forbidden from exceeding the speed limit by 20km/h on single carriageway roads in order to overtake. The Directorate General for Traffic in Spain has said that this rule is designed to reduce the risk of overtaking. British tourists and expats should always take care when overtaking and not do so unless it is safe. While wearing a seatbelt has always been compulsory in Spain, drivers will now receive four points instead of three if caught not doing so. There is also a new law about overtaking cyclists on the road in Spain which Britons will need to be aware of. Drivers that want to overtake a cyclist will need to make a complete lane change in order to do so if there is more than one lane in each direction. Breaking the rule on overtaking cyclists will now incur six points on a driving licence rather than four. Failing to use a helmet or child seat when necessary in Spain will now result in a loss of four points from a licence. In a bid to crack down on pollution, drivers that fail to respect low emission zones will be considered to have committed a serious offence. British expats who are taking a driving test in Spain will be fined 500 euros (£416) if they are caught using an intercommunication device. Britons who receive points on their licence in Spain will need to wait for two years to recover any points. The seriousness of the offence does not matter and every person must wait two years to recover the points. Drivers who take part in an accredited road safety course will receive two additional points up to a maximum of two years. Road trip holidays are expected to surge in popularity as Britons try to avoid flying to protect the environment. Britons could travel through France to reach Spain and explore some of Spain’s beautiful northern regions. Galicia has some of Spain’s most gorgeous beaches, many of which are Blue Flag, although the water can be very cold.