Manchester United football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher have now interviewed a total of three candidates for the vacant managerial role, according to reports. The development has emerged nearly a week on from Erik ten Hag's discussions with the club following Ajax's 3-2 win over Feyenoord last weekend. Ten Hag is understood to have impressed the United hierarchy with his philosophy and vision for the football club. The 52-year-old also asked questions surrounding the club's transfer plans and budget to gain a greater insight of the landscape at Old Trafford. Some reports even claim that Ten Hag is now waiting to be offered the job as he'd be prepared to take up the role this summer. Yet he's not the only name in the frame with Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique also under consideration. READ MORE: Man Utd only have five guaranteed starters if Erik ten Hag appointed as new manager Speaking on the United We Stand podcast, Andy Mitten confirmed that United have now spoken to three candidates over the position - two in addition to Ten Hag. The identities of those managers remain unknown but United are now beginning to step up their recruitment process. There is optimism a new boss could be unveiled before the end of the season. Pochettino is already believed to have held talks with Murtough, although there have been no follow-up since the dialogue. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt United carried out an extensive interview process in November when looking to appoint an interim boss. Ralf Rangnick was the man to prevail and he will move upstairs into a consultancy role at the end of the season. Ernesto Valverde, Rudi Garcia, Lucien Favre and Paulo Fonseca were among other options that were considered. Speaking to The Mirror, Sammy McIlroy - the last of the Busby Babes - has detailed exactly what United should be looking for if history is anything to go by... “It’s hard to describe what is meant by Manchester United’s DNA,” said McIlroy. “I can only describe it as a feeling. It’s instinctively having that understanding and connection with the club and what the club means to the fans. “It is true that a United manager doesn’t just have to win - the team has also got to play with a certain style, a swagger. I remember hearing Sir Matt tell his players before a game ‘these fans have been working all week and they have paid their money to be entertained. Go out there and entertain them.’ “But it’s about understanding the history of the club, knowing about the plane crash at Munich and Best, Charlton and Law - and also the tradition United has always had of giving their own young players a chance. And it’s also knowing about the here and now. Sir Matt seemed to know everyone at the football club, from the ladies who washed the kit, to the groundsman, to the people who swept the stands. He knew them all by their first name. “Sir Alex is from the same mould. They wanted everyone to feel like they were important to Manchester United, that when the team won on a Saturday afternoon, they had all played their part. There are so many factors involved in what it means to be Manchester United. But when you know, you know. It’s the best feeling in football.”