Investors have less than two weeks to use this year’s £20,000 stocks and shares Isa allowance before the April 5 deadline. Yet they need to be brave as "death, destruction and Russian cyber attacks" could trigger a market meltdown.  Bill Blain, market strategist at Shard Capital, said the stock market is longer rational after refusing to crash despite Russian aggression, rising interest rates and a looming recession, while the cost of living crisis that will “crush consumers”. He said the risks facing investors have hit previously unseen levels amid widespread “uncertainty, death, wanton destruction, a rising refugee crisis and fears of a Russian cyber attack on the West”. Even the prospect of World War 3 is being ignored, Blain said, as markets ignore the “largest most bloody European conflict since 1945 with a not intangible possibility of nuclear war”. Blain is baffled by today’s market calm. “Where’s the panic? Markets seem to be thriving.”  Markets are not rational right now, but could belatedly respond to today’s huge geopolitical risks. “Make no mistake, the economic consequences of the War in Ukraine are going to be huge.” Although markets are holding steady, Blain warned that trading volumes are weak and unconvincing. “The recent bond market slide speaks of a nasty and unpredictable recession to come,” he said. Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at online trading platform IG, said Chinese government stimulus and hopes of a Ukraine peace deal have supported share prices in recent days. “Risk appetite has surged in impressive style.” It may not last as an increasingly desperate Putin intensifies the war and threatens Nato countries. READ MORE: ‘Bombs fall, stock markets rise’ - the grim truth about investing a...  Despite the dangers, investing in a stocks and shares Isa is still a better way to protect your nest egg against inflation than a cash Isa, experts say. Marcus by Goldman Sachs and Nationwide Building Society both pay 0.70 percent on their market-leading cash Isas today. Somebody who put £20,000 into one of those accounts will see the real value of their money fall to just £18,400 after one year if inflation averages 10 percent. Yet only one in five are willing to take a chance on shares right now, according to research from Orbis Investments. While many lack the cash due to the cost of living crisis, almost three in 10 said markets were too risky at the moment. DON'T MISS:Chernobyl on radiation alert as wildfires break out at nuclear plant [REVEAL]Nuclear war: How to buy iodine tablets [INSIGHT]Russia laying MINES around Kyiv in desperate attempt to clinch victory [LATEST]   Yet cash is risky, too, said Dan Brocklebank, UK director at Orbis. “Leaving money in cash where its value is likely to erode while hoping for banks and building societies to raise interest rates is not an option we favour.” Brocklebank said investing in markets can protect the long-term spending power but cautioned. "As with any investment there is a risk that you will lose money.”  Those who are unsure where to invest should at least secure their Isa allowance before the midnight April 5 deadline, said Sarah Coles, personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown. “You could put cash into a stocks and shares Isa then gradually drip feed the money into investments over the next few months.” Paying in regular monthly sums avoids the danger of trying to time the market, and throwing in a big lump sum just before a crash.