Officers locked down the city centre with images from the scene showing part of the street taped off with several yellow evidence markers seen in the road. Withy Grove near Manchester Arndale is closed from the junction with High Street and Corporation Street.   Drivers have been urged to avoid the area. There has also been some disruption to public transport. A Greater Manchester Police spokesperson confirmed that officers were called to a report of a stabbing in Withy Grove at about 6.45am on Sunday. He added: "Emergency services attended and a man in his 30s was found with injuries and taken to hospital. His injuries are not thought to be serious or life threatening. "A cordon is in place whilst an investigation continues and lines of enquiry are followed up."    Anyone with information has been asked by the force to report it online at gmp.police.uk or to call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111. A replacement bus has been running from Chorlton to Victoria due to work on the Metrolink line, but he police cordon means passengers now need to catch the bus in High Street instead of Victoria. The stabbing comes after armed police stormed one of the Trafford Centre's car parks in the city after reports of a man with a gun last month. Police received a call from a person claiming a man was carrying a firearm in Barton Road, Eccles.   READ MORE ABOUT DIANE ABBOTT MAKING A 'DREADFUL' STATEMENT A suspect was then traced to one of the shopping centre's car parks. Video sent to the Manchester Evening News showed armed officers shouting as one person walked away with their hands in the air. DON'T MISS: Mercury plunges to sub zero as arctic blast of -5C to hit Britain [LATEST] Andrew Neil brilliantly pinpoints UK changes to stay after Ukraine [REVEALED] Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement [REPORT]   Greater Manchester Police said they swept in as one of the group matched the description given in the original call. After searches, no gun was found. The force said in a statement: "Police were called to Barton Road, Eccles, at around 1.05pm today (February 14) to a report of a male with a firearm. "Armed officers were deployed to the area and located a male matching the description as well as a second male and a female.   "Following a search no firearm was recovered and no arrests were made." A Trafford Centre spokesperson told the Manchester Evening News: "We can confirm that police were present at one of the Trafford Centre car parks this afternoon in connection with three individuals. "This was not in relation to anything taking place at the centre."    In a separate incident, armed officers forced a man off his bike, pinned him to the ground and found two hand grenades in his bag. The army's bomb disposal squad had to be called in to make the grenades safe. Almost 400 residents of Gorse Hill in Stretford had to be evacuated as part of a huge police operation across two days which smashed a cocaine, heroin and cannabis supply racket. The man was cleared of all charges last month after a trial. He told jurors that he believed he had been handed cannabis and not grenades. It followed a police operation which started with a search of garages near Milton Court in January last year.   