This week it emerged that Andrew has paid a financial settlement to Virginia Giuffre, a sum understood to be in the range of £10-12million. “Stipulation of Dismissal” court documents were filed on Monday calling for the civil sexual assault action to be dismissed. The settlement has freed the Duke from a civil trial and from giving evidence under oath or in front of a jury. He also vowed to "demonstrate his regret for his association" with Jeffrey Epstein by supporting the "fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims". Ms Giuffre accused Andrew of committing "sexual assault and battery" upon her when she was 17 years old. She said she was coerced into sexual encounters with Andrew in 2001 by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and his long term girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell at three different locations – in London, in New York and at Epstein's private island in the US. While the case has been settled, the agreement is not an admission of guilt and the Duke continues to vehemently deny all allegations. However, the case has brought immense scandal to the Royal Family and significantly damaged Andrew’s reputation. Andrew has had all of his military and royal patronages stripped by the Queen. He will no longer use the title His Royal Highness (HRH) in any official capacity. However, Andrew does retain his Duke of York title, dispite calls for him to be stripped of this too. Royal commentator, Christopher Warwick, told Sky News in January that he believes it is “highly unlikely” that Andrew will lose his Duke title. While the Queen can appoint Dukes herself, it is a lot harder to undo this. In fact, it takes an Act of Parliament to remove their titles "which wouldn't cover Andrew or the monarchy in glory", Mr Warwick argued. The 1917 Titles Deprivation Act was introduced during World War 1 to deprive "enemy royals" from retaining their British peerages and titles. Mr Warwick added: "Andrew is not an enemy of Britain, so the Titles Deprivation Act wouldn't come into it." Andrew has faced calls to give up his Dukedom, which was traditionally granted to the monarch's second son, on his marriage in 1986. DON'T MISS:Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [REVEALED]Prince Philip's brutal assessment of Joe Pasquale laid bare [INSIGHT]Key development in Prince Andrew case: ‘Taken everyone by surprise’ [EXPERT] Following the agreement to settle, York MP Rachael Maskell said the prince should give up his association with the city. Ms Maskell had made the call the previous month, saying that Andrew should show "respect for those affected by abuse and the people of our city" by the "withdrawal of his ducal title". While Ms Maskell welcomed Andrew’s pledge to donate money to Ms Giuffre’s charity, which supports victims’ rights, she said his relationship with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein has caused “deep hurt and embarrassment” to York residents. She said: “Although it is a relief that Prince Andrew has finally acknowledged and expressed regret for his close association with a convicted sex offender and sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein, his long delay in doing so and initial response to the charges and Ms Giuffre have been source of deep hurt and embarrassment to many people across the city. "Carrying a title does create an ambassadorial relationship with that place, and for somewhere with a global reputation, such as York, this is extremely important." On Monday, it was claimed Prince Charles will loan the Duke several million pounds to enable him to pay off Ms Giuffre. The Duke will reportedly pay back his older brother and his mother when he gets the money from the sale of his Swiss ski chalet, which could take months. A source told the Sun: “There were family discussions about how to ‘take a little from here and a little from there’. “Once it [money from the chalet] hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money. “But that payment [to Virginia] has to be paid on time. "He can’t rely on selling the chalet. "Too many things can go wrong and the court won’t wait for property queries.”