Neymar's Paris Saint-Germain career has been clouded with doubt after reports claimed that chiefs of the French giants have grown 'tired' of his performances and attitude problems.  The 30-year-old moved to the French capital in 2017 in a £198million move, which remains the most expensive transfer of all time to this day. Having become one of the world's best players in his time at the Nou Camp, big things were expected of the winger given that he scored 105 goals in just 186 games for the Blaugrana. Neymar initially hit the ground running at the Parc des Princes, scoring 51 goals in his first 58 games for the French giants. But goals have dried up recently amidst the club's agonising search for the Champions League title. And after an underwhelming performance against Real Madrid on Wednesday, club chiefs have supposedly sanctioned a potential sale for the Brazilian hero.  DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move [GOSSIP]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice ready to lead young duo[COMMENT]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT]  According to Sport, PSG are now growing frustrated with their superstar and are ready to 'get rid' of him this summer. The club's oil-rich owners are said to be 'tired' of Neymar's lack of impact in big games. His failure to make any mark on the all-important Madrid tie was a huge factor in their collapse, with Kylian Mbappe comfortably outshining Neymar and Lionel Messi over the two legs. And with his attitude also being questioned by club chiefs, they have seen enough of the former Santos star to deem him as a sellable asset. The São Paulo-born icon has three years left on his contract, meaning a sizable transfer fee will have to be received to lure him away from the Parc des Princes. Neymar was signed by PSG in the hope he could deliver them Champions League glory, but the French giants have fallen short every year. Manager Mauricio Pochettino revealed how his players with big egos need to adapt to one another if they are to win Europe's most prestigious tournament in the future. "I think that you need to adapt because Messi and Neymar are not young guys that came through the academy, they are world champions, just like Kylian," Pochettino said on Rio Ferdinand's Between the Lines. “But to be honest, they love football and have the passion. They want to be involved in the decisions and need to know the idea of how we are going to play and they are not difficult. “From the outside you could say ‘oh maybe that’s difficult,’ but they love football and they connect very well with the idea to be connected to the team. And I think that it’s a very good game that we play, we press really high."