It comes as the Six Nations coverage will commence on the channel on Saturday, March 19 from 7.15pm. As a result of schedule clashes, Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway will be cancelled along with Starstruck. The game show featuring the Geordie duo returned to screens recently for its 18th series. Meanwhile, Starstruck launched on ITV this year. Ant and Dec's variety show usually airs on Saturdays at 7pm, with Starstruck following at 8.30pm. The rugby coverage is taking priority over the usual Saturday night shows. Both programmes will continue the following week on March 26. The Chase star Paul Sinha's new show, Sinha's TV Showdown, has also been taken off air next week in order for the sport to be shown in full. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family Coverage is set to end at 10.30pm as England takes on France. Daytime shows on the channel are also being pulled throughout the week, with Loose Women airing on Monday, March 14 only. This shake-up is in place so the Cheltenham Festival can have coverage throughout the week from 12.50pm each day. Loose Women will continue in its normal slot from Monday, March 21. The Sun has also reported that the much-anticipated Dancing On Ice final will be postponed to make way for the FA Cup quarter-final. The publication claimed viewers will be able to catch the all-important final on Sunday, March 27. Ant and Dec's hit programme has remained a firm favourite with families wanting some easy-watching relief on a Saturday evening. DON'T MISS... 'Heartbreaking' BBC Breakfast guest in tears over Ukraine destruction [LATEST]Dad's Army star speaks out on first episode 'disappointment' [VIDEO]'Aggressive' Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC Breakfasts viewers [REACTION] The latest episode saw a backlash from fans though, who claimed a new segment of the shoe was "boring". Just minutes into the episode, many viewers hit out over a segment which was a game called The Masked Humdinger, where a guest had to guess which of her family members were singing inside a whacky costume. Fans of the show branded the segment "pointless" and "rubbish". The segment was based on the singing competition The Masked Singer and saw a guest called Laura trying to figure out which of her loved ones was masquerading as a character on stage.  Laura was left stumped when a mystery relative dressed as Bagpipes took to the stage to sing We Are Family by Sister Sledge. Following the performance, Ant said: "Laura, you look utterly confused by the whole thing, well-done Bagpipes." The Masked Humdinger judging panel included singer Paloma Faith, radio presenter Fleur East and Strictly Come Dancing's Craig Revel Horwood who were on hand to help Laura. Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues on Saturday, March 12 at 7pm on ITV.