Lola (played by Danielle Harold) had been kept in the dark about Isaac's (Stevie Basaula) plan to fly to Trinidad to be with his mum, who has suffered a heart attack. However, Wednesday's EastEnders saw Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) let slip the news, leaving Lola hurt. As Isaac explained the situation to her, she seemed furious that he hadn't mentioned anything before. Could there be more than just a breakup on the BBC soap though if Lola discovers she is pregnant with Isaac's baby? The couple has shared a relatively smooth relationship for a while now, staying strong throughout Isaac's battle with schizophrenia. However, Wednesday's instalment of the BBC soap indicated the two could soon hit a rough patch. Kim had been ranting to her family about Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) interfering with her and her daughter, Pearl (Arayah Harris-Buckle). As Isaac tried to defend Howie, Kim accidentally spilt his secret in front of Lola. "Identity fraud, that's what that is," Kim fumed to Isaac and Lola after it emerged Howie had recreated Pearl's school scholarship video behind Kim's back. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is She yelled: "It's plagiarism, I could sue him for that," but Isaac was quick to defend Kim's friend. "Kim, Howie was not trying to hurt you, the man was just trying to do what he thought was best," he pointed out. He argued: "I mean the video was good, but it was a bit art - maybe he just wanted to show how great Pearl was without all the extra production values. "It worked right? You got your interview." Kim wouldn't change her mind though. She yelled: "Just because your mum is pretending she's got a heart to attack and she's trying to take you back to Trinidad, it doesn't mean you can take your mummy's issues out on me." "Sorry, what?" Lola cut in, clearly shocked by the revelation. Kim commented she thought Isaac had told Lola. Lola asked: "Isaac... tell me what? What's she talking about?" "I was going to tell you at lunch," Isaac admitted. "Mum's had a heart attack. I'm flying to Trinidad tomorrow to go and look after her for a while. I only just decided this morning." Lola gasped and appeared to be on the brink of tears, hurt by Isaac's betrayal. With Lola so angry and Isaac leaving imminently, it seems the two may not get the chance to make up before he leaves. DON'T MISS... Ben Shephard agonises as Tipping Point player gets timing muddled [LATEST]Married at First Sight Australia hints at Olivia and Jackson break up [VIDEO]Matt Baker swears as he struggles to park family caravan [INTERVIEW] Isaac is also set to be making an exit from the show permanently, so could the couple break up? Despite having gone through a lot together, Isaac's mother Sheree Trueman (Suzette Llewellyn) kept trying to get in the way of Lola and Isaac's relationship. When she was on the Square, she and Lola frequently clashed about Isaac. It seems this latest news might be too much for Lola to take, especially with her daughter used to having Isaac around. If they do spilt up though, Lola might discover she is pregnant - could this possibly bring Isaac back from Trinidad?  With the character confirmed to leave, it's possible the two will depart on bad terms, and perhaps Lola will keep the pregnancy a secret for as long as possible so she doesn't have to confront him. Maybe she will plan to raise the baby alone and keep the news to herself until it's no longer possible to hide. Once that becomes the case, Isaac's family in Walford will be bound to push Lola to speak to Isaac. This could mean either Lola eventually lets Isaac know and perhaps moves away with him to raise the child, or maybe Isaac decides to cut all ties with Lola once he's left. EastEnders fans will probably be disappointed if the couple breaks up, as many viewers think they are good together. With Isaac actor Stevie leaving the soap though, it doesn't seem likely the relationship will last. If Lola does become pregnant, it would at least keep his name in the Square as she will probably be in contact with the father of her child a lot. Isaac is also a responsible character, so might try to be there for Lola and his child as much as possible. With Lola and the Truemans still around, this would leave the option open for Isaac to make a comeback if the character isn't killed off the show. EastEnders continues on Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.