Novak Djokovic has sent a classy text message to Sergiy Stakhovsky after his nation was invaded by Russia, with the Kyiv-born former tennis player having joined the Ukrainian army in order to defend his country from being invaded by Russian troops. Russia's invasion of Ukraine started last week, with troops occupying the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of the country. The capital city then came under fire, with stars from around the world taking the chance to go and defend their nation. And after Stakhovsky announced he was fighting on the front line, Djokovic sent him a classy text asking if he needed donations. "Stako, how are you man? Are you on the field? Think of you, hoping all calms down soon," Djokovic said on WhatsApp. "Please let me know what would be the best address to send help, financial help, any other help as well..." The texts come after Stakhovsky admitted he was scared to be put on the front line. Just a few weeks ago, Stakhovsky was aiming to qualify for the Australian Open, with no idea what was to happen in the coming weeks. The former tennis star was deployed a week ago after getting his family to safety in the capital city. But he now waits with a uniform equipped with a bulletproof vest as he prepares to go to war with Russia. "We flew to Budapest and I kissed the kids goodbye. My wife knew I'd made a decision that she's not gonna like and she was upset," Stakhovsky said. "The little one, who is a daddy's boy, asked where I was going and I told him I'm just going to the garage and then I left. "I crossed the border and I was the only one going the other way. There was a big queue of families, women and kids trying to escape. "It was a tough journey but it was inspiring. While we were travelling we drove through a lot of cities and we saw the level of enthusiasm and motivation from people. "They were blocking roads leading to villages, making barricades, getting out their hunting guns, making checkpoints. "The whole nation is so extremely motivated to fight this off. It's insane what Russia is doing."