The poll shown on ITV’S Peston showed that 55 percent of Tory voters back Mr Johnson to remain as Prime Minister even if he is fined, while 29 percent stated he should go. Conservative MP Robert Jenrick told host Robert Peston that “most, if not all” Tory MPs wanted the PM to stay if he is fined, arguing that Mr Johnson had been a “linchpin” of the Western response to the war in Ukraine.  He also told Mr Peston that he didn’t think now was the right time to change Prime Minister. Replying to the political show’s host, Mr Jenrick said: “The answer to that has to be absolutely not, given everything we’re seeing in the world. “You’ve got a Prime Minister, who is at the centre of Western efforts to counter Russian aggression in Ukraine, is speaking almost every day to President Zelensky, has been a linchpin of the West’s response. “Would it be sensible, would it be in our national interest to think about changing Prime Minister now, no.  “I think that’s the opinion of most if not all Conservative MPs right now.” In contrast, the same poll showed that 53 percent of the general voters would like Mr Johnson to step down if he was fined over the lockdown breaking gatherings, as opposed to 34 percent who would support him staying. Meanwhile, Labour voters were strongly opposed to Mr Johnson staying on, with 89 percent saying he should go if he was fined, compared to just 5 percent who felt he should stay. Labour MP Rosie Duffield told Robert Peston that it had been a difficult time for Keir Starmer’s party to get electoral headway with polls only showing Labour marginally ahead as the coronavirus pandemic and the war in Ukraine had brought about a feeling that politicians had to “pull together”. READ MORE: Brexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market?  However, the Canterbury MP did add that she had received a large number of letters from Conservative voters who’d been “embarrassed” by Mr Johnson’s behaviour. She said: “I think there are probably so many factors because everyone is feeling that we’ve got to pull together. “We’re not necessarily being that partisan at the moment because of the war going on. “Because in lockdown we had to be seen as fairly collegiate as well. DON'T MISS:  Brexit LIVE: Britons blast 'EU corruption' as Frost slams 'fiction' [REVEAL] Boris Johnson ruthlessly lets rip at Starmer after trans row [INSIGHT] Boris Johnson has inconsistent Starmer on spot in tense partying row [SPOTLIGHT]  “I think in the lead up to an election, we'll probably see more party political fighting and more sort of none of us agreeing on what we’ve been agreeing on. At the moment it’s really difficult. “Having said that, I've had more letters and emails from conservative voters who’ve been embarrassed by Boris’ behaviour than the Labour ones you’d expect actually.” 