Liverpool starlet Harvey Elliott has echoed Jurgen Klopp's previous comments by naming Roberto Firmino the club's most underrated player. And Elliott believes a part of their games must be similar as he battles to become a regular in Klopp's plans. Firmino has often been overlooked for praise for Liverpool's attack due to Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane's sensational goalscoring roles. Salah has scored 151 goals in five seasons for the Reds, whilst Mane has netted 111 times in six campaigns. Firmino's tally is a little lower at 92 goals in seven seasons, but he is lauded for his ability to drop deeper and help combine attacking play rather than act as an out-and-out goalscorer. JUST IN: Chelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling And Elliott has credited the Brazilian forward as Liverpool's most underrated player, drawing a comparison to himself. During a Q&A on his Instagram account, he said: "I would say the most underrated player must be Bobby. The touches I have compared to him must be similar!" Elliott isn't the only Liverpool name to publicly state their appreciation for what Firmino quietly brings to the team. Earlier this season, Reds manager Klopp suggested Firmino's role is crucial to the successful 'rock and roll' style of play he brought to the club years ago. READ MORE: Ex-Tottenham star's Pochettino verdict in Man Utd hunt - EXCLUSIVE "Everyone in the team loves it because obviously, sometimes you think he's a bit short of getting the praise for the effort he puts in," Klopp explained. "I'm not sure about the numbers, but I'm 100 per cent sure as an offensive player, he ran the most in the last game at Atletico, and that says a lot! "He's a brilliant boy and a brilliant player. It's really a joy to work together with him. "The way we play, it's not impossible without him because we have options, which is good, but how we started playing years ago was because Bobby could play the role he played. "He was very, very influential in all the things we did." This season, Elliott has received first-team opportunities, making nine appearances in all competitions. And the tally would have been much higher had he not suffered a fracture-dislocation of his left ankle in September. He returned in February, netting his first goal for Liverpool, a well-taken strike against Cardiff City in the FA Cup, and he labelled his returning contribution a 'dream come true'. "It's always a great thing to score, but after being out for so long and being able to score my first goal in my first game back since being injured, it's a dream come true," Elliott explained. "I'm happy that I took the chance and hopefully many more to come." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.