In an address to MEPs at the EU Parliament in response to Russia's ongoing war on Ukraine, Roberta Metsola argued that the bloc's rhetoric needed to be matched with investment in European defence and security. She argued Vladimir Putin's move to invade and seize Ukraine showed a "military union" was possible, desirable, and necessary. Ms Metsola told the European Parliament: "Investment in our defence must match our rhetoric. "Europe must move to have a real security and defence union have shown last week that it is possible and desirable and more than anything, it is necessary. "And fortunately, we must fight the Kremlin's disinformation campaign. "And I call on social media and tech conglomerates to take the responsibility seriously and to understand that there is no being neutral between the fire and the fire brigade." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "The message from Europe is clear. "We will stand up, we will not look away when those fighting in the street for our values stand down Putin's war machine," the EU Parliament President added. It comes as Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy spoke to MEPS in front of  EU and Ukrainian flags. "We are fighting to be equal members of Europe," Mr Zelenskiy told the emergency session of the European Parliament via video-link.  "Do prove that you are with us. Do prove that you will not let us go. "Do prove that you are indeed Europeans and then life will win over death and light will win over darkness," he said. "The EU will be much stronger with us. "Without you, Ukraine will be lonesome," Zelenskiy added. DON'T MISS Energy bill warning: Utility prices could rise £1,000 as wholesale oil [REPORT] Britain on red alert as potential Russian cyber attack risks rise [INSIGHT] Panic buying frenzy at UK petrol stations amid Ukraine crisis [ANALYSIS] The European Union has taken unprecedented steps, including financing weapons deliveries to Ukraine, after Russia's President Vladimir Putin launched war on its neighbour last week. According to a draft resolution and amendments backed by the assembly's main parties, lawmakers will call for the scope of sanctions to be broadened and "aimed at strategically weakening the Russian economy and industrial base, in particular the military-industrial complex." On Tuesday Russian forces were attacking on several fronts and Ukrainian officials reported a bombardment of Kharkiv, the country's second-largest city, had killed dozens of civilians. "Barbaric rocket attacks and MLRS (multiple launch rocket systems) of peaceful cities are evidence that they are no longer able to fight armed Ukrainians," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Facebook.