The SpaceX CEO urged the importance of nuclear power at a time when countries should be cutting ties with Vladimir Putin. The EU has vowed to slash its energy links with Russia by ending its reliance its gas and oil. But as the bloc gets around 40 percent of its gas from Russia, it has sparked concerns about energy shortages. The bloc released a new energy strategy which it published yesterday, detailing how it plans to completely slash Russian gas and oil by 2030, and see these imports slashed by two-thirds by the end of the year. With such a large volume of Russian imports accounting for European energy supplies, Mr Musk has chimed in with a plan of his own to help soften the blow. He wrote on Twitter: "Hopefully, it is now extremely obvious that Europe should restart dormant nuclear power stations and increase the power output of existing ones. "This is critical to national and international security." It appeared to be a dig at Germany, which is set to shut down its last three remaining power stations by the end of 2022. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz was reportedly against plans to end imports of Russian and gas and oil, admitting that Germany is still too dependant on Russian supplies to scupper ties. While France, for example, was far keener, possibly because 70 percent of its electricity is generated through nuclear power. Berlin's anti-nuclear stance was also made more clear when it opposed the energy source from being included in the EU's green taxonomy (a system that classes certain practices as sustainable). Mr Scholz's pushback on the new energy strategy has enraged some key EU figures, who have argued that every measure must be taken to kill off Putin's military attack, including sanctioning energy. Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis warned that Putin’s aggression may not stop at Ukraine’s borders, with the Baltic countries of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania potentially next in line. READ MORE: Xi Jinping on path to conflict with Putin as China could STARVE He suggested that any form of sanctions should come into play, regardless of whether that puts the bloc at risk. He said: “What other trigger do we need? There’s a full-blown war, Russia is committing war crimes on an industrial scale, what more do we need?” “Russia is now undertaking unprovoked and illegal full-scale invasion of Ukraine so [what is the point of] us worrying about provoking Russia when it started an unprovoked war?” Mr Dombrovskis told Politico Playbook the EU would be able to cope without Russian supplies if Russia turned off the gas in response. DON'T MISS Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [REPORT] Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REVEAL] Ukraine war sparks UK food shortage fears for millions over export ban [INSIGHT] While Germany does not appear willing to do everything in its power to help Ukraine, Mr Musk has decided to step in. SpaceX is set to launch four dozen Starlink internet satellites today. It comes after Mr Musk vowed to provide a connection for Ukraine after he claimed that his system was the only "non-Russian network still functioning in the country". The 48 satellites will be blasted into orbit by Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida.