The British-Iranian national, 44, arrived at RAF Brize Norton where Richard and their daughter Gabriella, seven, are waiting for her to step off the plane in Oxfordshire. Speaking en route to the airport, Richard said their daughter cannot wait to go to sleep with her mother again.   British–Iranian businessman Anoosheh Ashoori, 67, also landed on UK soil after almost five years of being "unfairly detained" in Iran. The pair flew from Iran to Oman before touching down in the UK shortly after 1 AM. Their release followed months of intensive diplomatic negotiations between London and Tehran. Ministers settled a historic £400million debt yesterday which resulted in the release of Nazanin, Ashoori and Morad Tahbaz, who has been released from prison on furlough. READ MORE: Russia’s desperate bid to replace McDonald’s exposed Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a charity worker from Hampstead, northwest London, had been detained since her arrest in 2016 on charges of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government, which she denies.    Tulip Siddiq, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's MP, told ITV’s Robert Peston last night about how the British-Iranian national had been able to come home. The Labour MP said: “She was contacted by the Islamic Revolutionary Guards in Iran over the weekend and asked to come in for questioning, and quite apprehensive, she messaged me before she went. “To her utter surprise, at the end of the questioning, and there were some scare tactics in there, she was given her British passport back. “Bearing in mind she hasn’t seen her British passport since April 23, 2016. But just as she was about to leave the door, they said to her, ‘don’t book your own flight, we will sort out the flights for you’.    “So after that, I had an idea that she would be coming back, but it’s always touch and go with these things, we’ve had so many false dawns, I didn’t know for sure. “But the minute she was at the airport, I had a message from Richard Ratcliffe saying Nazanin is at the airport and to her surprise Anoosheh was there as well, who was the other detainee, a British citizen. “We didn’t think he was coming home, because he wasn’t under house arrest, he was actually in Evin prison.”   Liz Truss confirmed the pair arrived in the UK. She told Sky News: “It's fantastic to see Anoosheh and Nazanin come off the plane, safely back in Britain for the first time in years and that is truly fantastic for everybody. “I’ve met the families, they are safe and well. People are in very very good spirits. “I think it's been a really difficult 48 hours, we had the expectation that they would be released but we weren't sure until the last minute, so it has been very emotional but also really happy moment for the families and I am pleased to say that both Nazanin and Anoosheh are in good spirits and safe and well, back here in Britain.”    By 2.30am, the Ratcliffe family had left the airport looking relieved to resume their lives together. Mr Ratcliffe commented: “Looking forward to a new life. “You can't get back the time that's gone. That's a fact. But we live in the future.” The couple’s young daughter, Gabriella, had already picked out the toys she wanted to show her mother. Moments after Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe disembarked from the aircraft, seven-year-old Gabriella was heard asking “is that mummy”. Shortly after, the delighted daughter was reunited with her mother who had been kept away for nearly six years. 