Earlier this year, NCIS Los Angeles star Medalion Rahimi star stepped away from her role as Fatima Namazi on the CBS procedural series after landing a huge role in the Disney Plus scandal, Pam and Tommy. With the controversial biopic officially released, Rahimi paid a heartfelt tribute to her favourite director.  Rahimi made her first appearance as Fatima on NCIS LA in the season 10 episode titled ‘Smokescreen’. Before being assigned as a Special Agent, she would often help out the team on different occasions as she had originally hoped to join the NCIS Field Office in Washington DC. However, Fatima soon changed her mind when she realised she wanted to stay closer to Los Angeles when she became a permanent member of the Office of Special Projects (OSP) Team. There she was able to work on more covert investigations which needed to remain top secret as the team would take on operations with a focus on stopping terrorism. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? Although Fatima has remained a series regular, actress Rahimi took on another role earlier in the year. Rahimi stepped away from the character who was a devout Muslim to portray Danielle in the Disney Plus biopic Pam and Tommy. There she starred as Erica’s (Taylor Schilling) roommate who made her displeasure for Rand Gauthier’s (Seth Rogen) actions well known. In episode seven titled ‘Destroyer of the Worlds,’ the true impact of the sex tape on Pamela Anderson was illustrated after Erica and Daniella realised it was Erica’s husband who leaked the footage. As well as honing into him how much of a violation it was, it also showed the tragedy which occurred when Pamela lost out on key roles in Austin Powers and L.A. Confidential. After Pam and Tommy was released in February, the series received a ton of mixed reactions from viewers who praised it for highlighting the dangers of the internet. It was also subject to ridicule becasue it brought the sex tape back to life, especially after Pamela Anderson shared her disapproval about the series. After the stars hit the red carpet for the finale premiere, Rahimi took to Instagram and paid tribute to the director Lake Bell on the story. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [INSIGHT]NCIS LA's Fatima star stuns fans with new role away from CBS drama [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Fatima to take over from Hetty after TikTok clip? [THEORY] Alongside a photo of the showrunner, the actress wrote: “One of my favourite directors to work with on the set of (Pam and Tommy) and not to mention one of my favourite actors of all time! “(Lake Bell) the way you approached every scene with such fervour and sensitivity and grace is so, so inspiring, so grateful to have worked with you.” Rahimi also dedicated a post to the show after she attended the red carpet for the season finale premiere. As well as sharing a series of photos and videos from the night, Rahimi wrote a special caption. It read: “What an incandescent evening celebrating the series finale of (Pam and Tommy)! was so energized to get to meet some of my idols. “I hope this show continues the conversation on the toxic side of internet and celebrity culture and the disparaging treatment of women in the media. We love you Pam!” A number of her NCIS LA co-stars including Daniela Ruah and Renee Felice Smith took to her comments to congratulate and praise Rahimi. NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sunday on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 