Gardeners are being encouraged to make a start on the long overdue garden projects to get ready for spring. This includes planning flowerbeds, preparing or creating vegetable plots as well as planting around the front garden. Christ Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There are always jobs gardeners can be getting on with, even on cold days. “Now’s a good time to really plan for the year ahead and think about how you want your garden to look and work for you. “Think about flower beds and on drier days, make a start on preparing the soil. “The same for fruit and vegetable plots. Spending the time now researching varieties, planning and prepping will save you time when planting season begins in earnest. READ MORE: Flowers: ‘Handy trick’ to keep ‘blooms thriving for longer’ “There are quick jobs you can do too, like giving your drive and front of your home a new lease of life and those larger projects to embark on like laying a patio ahead of the warmer weather.” For those planning an area for beautiful blooms, the experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk said “now’s a great time” to think about how it is going to look. They added: “The best time to plant is between March and May for perennials so use the coming weeks to plan and mark out where you want the flower bed to be and start to prepare the ground. “Take the time to research the planting too, what shrubs do you want to include? Is there a colour theme? These are all questions you need to ask.” DON'T MISS:‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [EXPLAINER]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [COMMENT] It is also a good idea to start thinking about sowing vegetable and fruit seeds for a delicious summer crop. According to the experts “it’s never too early to start on your vegetable patch”. Those who are planning one should consider getting raised beds built because they drain much better. GardeningExpress.co.uk added: “If you’ve grown veg before, make sure you clear any leftovers from last year. “Get your soil prepped, prepare seed beds and cover to warm up the soil and keep it dry. “Also, think about what you plan to grow throughout the year to allow good crop rotation and prevent buds and disease in the soil.” Similarly, it is a great time to think about what fruit is going to be introduced into the garden and whether there will be enough space for it to grow. The experts recommended looking at dwarf varieties for those with small plots. They continued: “Now is a good time to lay a patio so this is a job you can get on with straight away before the spring rush starts. “Before you start digging and buying paving slabs, think about the size of the patio area and the style of pavers you want. “Be aware that laying a good patio isn’t easy, this may be a job to get the professionals in on.” For those wanting to give their front garden and driveway some care, it may be time to add some more plants to the area. GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended minimalist topiary plants like swanky Buxus Pyramids or Lollipop Bay trees and sleek modern plants that make an “instant statement”. They added: “Or you can try a floral fantasia of colourful bedding plants for some eye popping colour.”