The History Channel’s successful mediaeval drama has since been followed up with an equally compelling sequel series on Netflix, Vikings Valhalla. However, the original Vikings cast are still keeping in touch, as Katheryn Winnick’s recent Instagram update confirmed. Katheryn took to her Instagram Stories on Thursday this week to reveal she had recently met up with her Vikings co-star, Gustaf Skarsgård. The two actors respectively starred as Lagertha and Floki in all six seasons of the epic History drama. However, they haven’t been able to meet up in around four years since completing production on Vikings’ final season. She confirmed their long-awaited reunion with a smiley selfie taken during their recent catch-up. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps In the caption, she wrote: “After four years… reunited with my Goose Floki!” The Lagertha star commonly referred to Gustaf as ‘the Goose’ behind the scenes during their time on Vikings. In 2016, she posted a series of selfies from Comic-Con and wrote: “Never a dull moment with The Goose.” Katheryn, who is of Ukrainian descent, has also been posting in support of the country throughout the ongoing conflict with Russia. She followed her selfie with Gustaf with an image of the Ukrainian flag, adding praying hands and the caption: “Close the sky." Following the attacks in late February, she updated her Instagram account with a number of images of protesters in Ukraine. “People around the world are protesting to stop this unprovoked, unjustified war,” she wrote. “We are an independent, loving country and deserve to live in peace. Together We Will Win. Together We Can Stop Russian Aggression. Together We Will Prevail.” DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-star [COMMENT]The Orville’s Klyden star drops update for season 3 [EXCLUSIVE]Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [NEWS] Gustaf also showed support for his co-star’s country of origin in his recent plea to world leaders to act on the latest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. “The timing couldn’t be worse of course as [this] news [risks being] completely drowned by the illegal Russian invasion of the Ukraine,” he wrote on Instagram. “But please help spread [this] news as well. We need to put pressure on our leaders to start acting according to the science.” Outside of her work on Vikings, Katheryn recently reprised her follow-up role as Jenny Hoyt in ABC’s popular crime series, Big Sky. She also appeared alongside Sean Penn and Josh Brolin in the recent drama film, Flag Day. Meanwhile, Gustaf recently embodied the role of Merlin in Netflix’s fantasy series Cursed and has also appeared in HBO’s sci-fi drama, Westworld. Vikings’ Netflix successor has already been renewed for a second or third season, so history buffs can still look forward to more mediaeval action despite Lagertha and Floki’s stories coming to an end. Vikings seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video. Vikings: Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix.