Many emotional videos have been published on social media, seemingly showing Russian soldiers crying and confused. One of the latest videos shows an allegedly surrendering soldier using a Ukrainian woman's phone to facetime his mother in Russia to tell her he is safe and well. The young man can be seen getting emotional and crying as he is shown comfort and care by the Ukrainians around him, who feed him and give him something to drink.  The video of the young Russian militant shows the soldier shedding tears whilst eating and drinking, beverages given to him by locals. A young Ukrainian woman uses her phone to facetime his mother so the young soldier can tell his mother what is going on, and that he is safe and alive. The Ukrainian woman can be heard saying: “Natasha, everything is okay, do you hear me? "Go ahead and speak. That's it, Natasha, good luck to you, and may God be with you. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv    "Everything is okay. Later you will be contacted. Right now he is well and alive” The soldier received a warm kind response from locals, who have been treating captured Russian prisoners of war with humanity and care. Videos of Russian troops breaking into shops to steal food have also made the rounds on social media, as Putin was accused of failing to equip his troops with enough rations. Analysts have since suggested the lack of appropriate rationing was the result of Putin thinking the invasion would be done quickly but instead, the conflict has been raging on for over a week now. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse     Some Russian soldiers have claimed that they did not know they were going to war, with many seeming confused and ill-prepared, as they were originally told it was just an exercise, not a war where they are expected to kill their neighbours. User @Ivan_ruggeri commented on the young soldier's video saying: "Old men sending young men to their deaths, it's a broken old record that plays on." Another user, @Derestedbeach, said: "Oh god. As a mum of a teenage son who could have been conscripted if we lived in Russia this is heartbreaking." And @BenPemer said: "This is an unprecedented level of care after capture. So easy for Ukraine to take revenge but they're treating them brilliantly (from what I've seen). Well done Ukraine, inspirational." DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] @Drleatongray said: "I know, I have two boys that age. Thank goodness for mobile phones and FaceTime so families back home can see their sons are alright. That poor lad looks starving, exhausted, and utterly overwhelmed." @Markw1966 said: "The compassion of a comforting hand on the soldier’s shoulder, from those that his army attacks, as he breaks down. It is not a war of the people but of Putin. Ukrainians and many Russians understand that. Respect to them all." @Hartsms1 said: "True humanity. But, what happens to him now? There are Geneva conventions that say this shouldn't be shared. Can we please take this a bit more seriously." @Alexkow56080893 said: "This has to be one of the most touching clips I've seen since the invasion. Feel for the young soldier, bet he didn't know why he was there and didn't want to carry on. This proves Ukraine is peaceful and doesn't deserve the treatment Putin is giving them." 