There are many jobs to do in the garden during the month of March including mowing the lawn, weeding as well as sowing vegetable seeds. However, one job which is often forgotten about, is preparing the soil to ensure plants grow nicely during the summer. Experts at Phostrogen® are warning gardeners to “get a head start” on the soil before spring arrives. Healthy soil is essential in ensuring plants thrive throughout the summer months and there are many ways in which gardeners can keep their soil healthy all summer long. This includes weeding as well as identifying the soil type being used in the garden. According to Phostrogen®, starting to prepare the soil now is the “key” to growing good crops and plants when the weather warms up. The experts explained: “Begin by removing weeds from borders and beds, clearing any dead or unwanted matter and stripping back beds to bare soil. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours “Be sure to place any dead organic matter into your compost bin to break down, in time, this will create humus, a rich nutrient-filled material that will enrich your soil and plants. “Remember not to throw your weeds in the compost bin too, though, as they may germinate and cause serious issues for your beds further down the line.” Next, gardeners should fork over the soil to loosen it and allow oxygen to get into the ground. Soil should also be inspected for any hibernating pests as these will hatch when the weather warms up and “wreak havoc” on crops. DON'T MISS:How to get onto the property ladder as house prices continue to soar [EXPERT]House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [COMMENT]Orchids: ‘Key part’ of looking after houseplant - avoid root rot [EXPLAINER] The experts continued: “There are four types of soil, clay soils, silty soils, sandy soils and chalky soils, each with its own characteristics which call for different methods. “Whilst many gardeners may try to alter their soil type, it’s actually much better and easier to identify what soils type you have and plan your planting and plant care accordingly.” Using a pH tester in the garden can help gardeners pick which plants should be planted where. Phostrogen® experts added: “Generally speaking, a pH reading from zero to six is considered acidic, seven is natural, and eight to 14 is alkaline. “When planning what you’re going to plant where, always keep in mind the soil’s pH level so that you can match the plant’s suitability to the soil pH. “To help acid-loving plants thrive, such as azaleas, camellia and rhododendrons, you may need to invest in a specialist fertiliser.” While watering the garden is important, according to the experts, it isn’t the only essential element for plants to thrive. They also recommended investing in a professional fertiliser to help the garden grow “bigger plants”, “better blooms” and more vegetables. Phostrogen® added: “While the soil contains nutrients to help plants grow, over time even the richest soil becomes exhausted as the plants absorb the goodness that they need. These need to be replaced over time. “Although it may not be time to put fertiliser down just yet, it’s a good idea to stock your shed up ready for the key growing season. “Fertilisers comprise of several key elements to help your plants thrive including Nitrogen, Phosphorus, Potassium Iron and Magnesium. “These ingredients promote healthy green foliage and an abundant of flowers and fruit, as well as help plants become more drought resistant and develop a healthy root system.” There are a variety of different fertilisers to choose from including granules as well as liquid.