MP Robert Jenrick has credited the leadership of the President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky with providing Ukrainian fighters with a morale boost as they battle to frustrate the invasion plans of Russia. UK Ministry of Defence reports have suggested that Vladimir Putin's military strategy in Ukraine has stalled with Russian forces making little progress in recent days. Mr Dale told the MP: "When Churchill became Prime Minister in 1940, his main aim was to get America to come into the war because he knew that it would be difficult for Britain to defeat the Nazis on our own, and of course, that happened after Pearl Harbour in 1940. "He immediately went to the United States to talk to Roosevelt. "Now, the priority of Zelensky has been to draw NATO into the conflict, hasn't succeeded in that yet but again, he was talking to the American Congress today. "He's been quite tenacious on that." Mr Jenrick replied: "He has well today I think he was the first foreign leader in a wartime setting to address the joint house of the Congress since Winston Churchill and so that parallel was very clear and he quoted from Roosevelt and drew parallels with Pearl Harbour. "So he explicitly made that reference today. I think...he's a tremendously brave individual who was underestimated by many people, underestimated by Putin as well, who thought he was dealing with a comedian, lightweight politician. "That wasn't true and I think the decision to stay in Kyiv and not to leave which many people might have done, lesser leaders might have done has proved to be absolutely essential in rallying the Ukrainian Armed Forces and maintaining morale. He added: "Never underestimate the importance of morale, clearly, the Russian troops'  seems to be very low and there is the very real prospect of the Russian army collapsing at the moment, and a lot of that I think the standards from the leadership that Zelensky has been able to offer." Moscow has yet to capture any of Ukraine's biggest cities despite the largest assault on a European state since World War Two. More than 3 million Ukrainians have fled and thousands have died as the war enters its fourth week. On Wednesday, President Joe Biden called Russian leader Vladimir Putin a war criminal in comments the Kremlin said were "unforgivable" as it insisted the war in Ukraine was "going to plan" amid talk of compromise at peace talks. "More will be coming as we source additional stocks of equipment that ... we are ready to transfer," Mr Biden said.  "He is a war criminal," he told reporters. President Zelensky has said Ukraine could accept international security guarantees that stopped short of its longstanding aim to join NATO. That prospect has been one of Russia's primary concerns. "My priorities during the negotiations are absolutely clear: the end of the war, guarantees of security, sovereignty, restoration of territorial integrity, real guarantees for our country, real protection for our country," Mr Zelensky said in a video address released early on Thursday. In a speech on Wednesday to the US Congress by video link, Zelensky repeated a request for a no-fly zone over Ukraine saying: "In the darkest time for our country, for the whole of Europe, I call on you to do more," he said.