Even if you’ve looked at all the different kinds of mattresses on the market and decided memory foam is for you, there are still hundreds to choose from which can make finding your perfect match a real headache. Different sleeping positions, budgets, ailments, and other factors heavily influence which mattress you should buy, and we’ve found one for everyone in this handy guide. If you’re not sure if a memory foam mattress is right for you, be sure to check out our guide to the 13 best mattresses in the UK for 2022. If you’re keeping your eyes peeled for a hot deal, we also have a round-up of the best deals on mattresses for March 2022. However, if a memory foam mattress sounds like exactly what you’re looking for keep scrolling through for the nine best memory mattresses in the UK for each category, as well as some things to keep in mind while you’re shopping. There are a few things to take into consideration before you click ‘add to cart’ on your new mattress, such as: Specifications: Price range: £824 - £1,089 | Depth: 28cm | Firmness: medium-firm | Size range: double, king, superking | Warranty: 10 years | Trial period: one year. A mattress from one of the UK’s favourite bed-in-a-box brands, this actively cooling memory foam mattress comes with four luxurious layers of breathable memory foam that ensure each morning is a little brighter after a good night's sleep. Eve’s patented floatfoam gives you instant pressure relief, as well as cushion support on the shoulders and hips, which is especially important for side sleepers. Specifications: Price range: £739 - £939 | Depth: 25cm | Firmness: medium-firm | Size range: Single, small double, double, king, superking | Warranty: lifetime | Trial period: one year. As this memory foam mattress provides even weight distribution and pressure relief, it’s a good option for those who struggle with back pain. The thick, medium-firm mattress will keep the spine aligned and enhance comfort by hugging the body with three layers of premium foam. Specifications: Price range: £399 - £699 | Depth: 24cm | Firmness: medium-firm | Size range: single, double, king | Warranty: three years | Trial period: 60 days. If you’re a heavier person looking at investing in a memory foam mattress, you may be concerned about there not being enough support with these kinds of mattresses - but this is not the case, you may just be best suited to a hybrid mattress that utilises the support of springs and spring mattresses provide a more stable base. The Silentnight Studio By Original Mattress uses gel-infused memory foam to soothe the body and provide pressure relief. The mattress also used Miracoil and Mira Pocket springs to give support to the back, shoulders, and hips to align the spine. Buy: Silentnight (From: £399) Specifications: Price range: £990 - £2110 | Depth: 25cm | Firmness: Firm | Size range: single, small double, double, king, superking| Warranty: 10 years | Trial period: 60 nights. With a 25cm deep layer of Tempur’s one-of-a-kind responsive material, this mattress will conform to the contours of your body to relieve pressure points and soothe sore, tired limbs. Tempur Dynamic Support Technology is renowned for its ability to deliver comfort and support while you sleep, while also allowing for ease of movement for an undisturbed night's rest. Specifications: Price range: £105.99 - £137.99 | Depth: 15cm | Firmness: medium-firm| Size range: small single, single | Warranty: five years | Trial period: 100 nights.  This memory foam mattress from Wayfair is a simple, no-frills, budget-friendly option for those interested in giving their kids the gift of a memory foam mattress. Made to last with high density and traditional memory foam, this hypoallergenic mattress is cooling and should help your little one stay soundly asleep throughout the night.  Specifications: Price range: £1,699 - £1,799 | Depth: 25cm| Firmness: Medium-firm | Size range: double, king, superking | Warranty: 10 years | Trial period: 60 nights. This luxurious, pressure-relieving mattress uses NASA-developed memory foam that contours to the body, distributes your weight evenly, and helps to relieve pressure so you’re more likely to sleep through the night. As the memory foam so perfectly adapts to your sleeping style, it will support you in a front sleeping position and help to ensure you don’t wake up with any aches or pains. Specifications: Price range: £99 - £189 | Depth: 5cm | Firmness: firm or medium | Size range: single, double, king, superking | Warranty: eight years | Trial period: 60 nights. If you want some of the benefits of a memory foam mattress but don’t want to invest in a whole new mattress, a mattress topper could be a good compromise. This mattress topper from Octosmart comes in firm and medium-firm, with firm being perfect for the couch and the floor for guests, and medium-firm being ideal for on top of your existing mattress. Buy: Dormeo (From £189) Specifications: Price range: £208 - £389 | Depth: 20cm | Firmness: medium-firm | Size range: single, double, king, superking | Warranty: 10 years | Trial period: one year. A lighter, more budget-friendly alternative to the original Eve Sleep Memory Foam Mattress, this version will still be able to give you the support, comfort, and pressure relief you can expect from an Eve mattress, with a lower price point - perfect for those with under £500 to spend. Specifications: Price range: £199.99 - £269| Depth: 22cm | Firmness: soft | Size range: small single, single, double | Warranty: none | Trial period: 100 nights Those on a budget can still get a memory foam mattress, it just may not be as high-tech as the other options on this list. The Inofia King Memory Foam Mattress has three layers of supportive foam that work together to provide a supportive, comfortable, and pressure-relieving mattress that will help you sleep soundly. A memory foam mattress uses a layer of supportive foam that uses your body heat to soften and mould to your shape for comfort and support. Once the pressure of your body is removed, it bounces back, but over time it will remember your body shape and sleeping position, meaning you get a customised sleeping surface that’s adapted to best suit you. Some memory foam mattresses do have springs, but these are usually called hybrid mattresses, as they use both pocket-sprung and memory foam technology. Memory foam mattresses are usually a little less expensive than hybrid mattresses, but hybrid mattresses are best suited to those who would like a bit more stability and support. Due to the fact memory foam mattresses use your body heat to mould to your shape, some models can trap this heat and create an uncomfortably warm sleeping surface. In order to avoid this, it’s important to look out for a moisture-wicking and temperature regulation layer in your new mattress to keep you cool and comfortable throughout the night. READ MORE: 13 best mattresses 2022: Memory foam, pocket sprung and hybrid Best Simba mattress deals 2022: 36% slashed off mattresses and bundles in new sale