Manchester United have been tipped to take a gamble and appoint Simone Inzaghi as their new permanent manager this summer. The Red Devils will be looking for a new boss when Ralf Rangnick steps aside at the end of the season to begin a behind-the-scenes consultancy role at Old Trafford. United have endured another inconsistent campaign and face a battle just to finish in the top four of the Premier League. Previous boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was given his marching orders in the autumn after United hit a dismal run of form, while Rangnick’s time in charge has proved anything but fruitful. In fact, United have struggled to find the right man to oversee the team ever since Sir Alex Ferguson called time on his illustrious management career in 2013. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Jose Mourinho all came and went with a whimper and United’s problems appear deep-rooted. But former Liverpool hero Robbie Fowler says Inzaghi, who is currently in charge of Inter Milan, could be the answer to United’s problems. “You can see with Inter he has taken them on beyond the dour football of Antonio Conte, despite the club having financial problems,” Fowler wrote in The Mirror. READ MORE: Chelsea bidding war hots up as favourite agrees to 'emulate Liverpool'   “They are in contention for the title, performed well - and I think above their level - against Liverpool in the Champions League, and all with budget constraints. Before that he was at Lazio, where he won three trophies and was hugely popular with the fans. Would it be a gamble? Of course. But United need someone with an ability to build something now, not simply a ‘name’”. Meanwhile, Fowler has rubbished Gary Neville’s suggestions that the Red Devils should go after Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone. “I laughed this week when I heard Gary Neville shouting that his former club should make Diego Simeone their next manager,” Fowler added. DON'T MISS: Liverpool backed to finish 10 points behind Man City in title race (INSIGHT)Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be regretting January transfer call (TRANSFERS)Klopp’s 4 options as Liverpool “change systems” after Trent injury (ANALYSIS)     “Honestly. C’mon. I’m not saying he’s anti-football, but some of the antics his team get up to, some of the horrible stuff they do, and the tactics they pursue. Not at Manchester United. The fans would be calling it out within weeks, and even if he actually won things with it, they wouldn’t put up with it for long. “United have a certain expectation about how they should be playing, which was laid down by Sir Matt Busby and Ferguson. Simeone doesn’t fit with that. He doesn’t fit with anyone who loves football, he essentially exists to stop opponents playing football. Which no one should welcome. “And that’s what I mean by identity. It’s not enough to be simply winning - even if it helps, obviously. Jose Mourinho found that out at Old Trafford. Clubs need a fit with a manager, as well as a winning team, and his philosophy didn’t fit.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  