The 51-year-old actor made his first appearance as Cain Dingle in 2000 and soon became a fan-favourite before he announced his exit from the ITV soap in 2006. Producers left it so his character would be able to return to the Dales in the future, and Jeff made his comeback as Cain in 2009.  After six years of playing Cain in the ITV soap, the actor decided it was time to spread his wings and try other roles. However, after just three years away from Emmerdale, Jeff returned as Cain and has been a much-loved character ever since. Explaining why he took time out from the role, he told Ego Podcast host Mik Artistik: "I think I just got to a point where I wanted a [change] because I'd only been four years out of drama school so I kind of thought I had not quite ticked all the boxes I wanted to. "I wanted to work in London and things like that and I left wanting to fulfil those things. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? "During those three years out of it, I kind of managed to do that." Jeff focussed on theatre work and starred in a production of Mother Goose at the Churchill Theatre in Bromley. In 2008 he played Napoleon in the George Orwell novel Animal Farm at Leeds' West Yorkshire Playhouse. The following year, he portrayed Mick in the play The Caretaker.    But he also spent time raising his two children with Emmerdale co-star Zoe Henry after they made a pact about their careers. He explained: "We kind of said whoever had the biggest job would look after the children. "And sure enough that happened as Zoe went on Coronation Street for a year and I looked after the kids for about a year as well. "So there was a year where I was only mainly doing radio plays." DON'T MISS...‘Not realistic’ Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley blasts Cain Dingle criticism [INTERVIEW]Emmerdale star Jeff Hordley speaks out on giving up acting [LATEST]Zoë Henry: Emmerdale star on husband's life-changing condition [UPDATE]  Jeff later revealed he never imagined his Emmerdale character Cain would become so infamous. "I never really thought about whether [Cain] would turn into the part he's turned into," Jeff admitted. He also said his initial Emmerdale contract was for just three months, but he was later offered a year's contract before becoming a soap stalwart. The actor has now played Cain on the ITV soap for 17 years and still works alongside his wife Zoe but their characters never cross paths in the fictional village.    He commented: "Zoe plays the vet on Emmerdale but the beauty of her character and my character is that she works at a different part of the village to me with a different set of people in the village, so I very rarely work with her. "I only see her sometimes at a Woolpack scene and it's fine, I think people kind of know we are all right and know us quite well at work as we have been there for a while." "We are not the kind of people to harbour grudges so I can honestly say we haven't had a time on set where we have said, 'I'm not speaking to you at the moment'. That's never really happened." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.  