A cost of living crisis is gripping Britain, with inflation and crippling energy bills putting millions of households into financial panic. As Rishi Sunak is due to deliver his Spring Statement to parliament today, Express.co.uk has gathered numerous experts to give their verdict on what the Chancellor should be doing to help you. The National Insurance hike has been one of the most contentious issues for British workers in the run up to the new tax year. Rishi Sunak announced the levy would be raised by 1.25 percentage points starting this April - but the policy has come under severe backlash given the cost of living crisis gripping the nation. All financial experts Express.co.uk spoke to agreed the tax rise must be stopped - but it’s unlikely the Chancellor will double down. Julia Kermode, founder at Nantwich-based IWork, told Express.co.uk: “Delaying the proposed National Insurance increase would be another quick fix. “Not only does it breach the Conservative party election manifesto, it also unfairly increases costs for both workers and businesses at a time when neither can afford it." Keith Budden, MD at Hampshire-based IT security firm, agreed the levy rise should be done away with, and tax cuts should be implemented in other areas to boost the economy. He told Express.co.uk: "Ideally, I would like the Chancellor to postpone the National Insurance rise but, given that's unlikely to happen, to increase the threshold at which National Insurance begins to be paid, to truly help the lower paid. “There is also an opportunity for the Chancellor to be really radical and lower VAT to 15 percent across the board for a limited period of time, say six months, to give the economy a boost and lower fuel prices in one hit."  READ MORE: Sunak urged to shelve NI hike as HMRC takes extra £132.1 billion Fuel prices have skyrocketed in recent weeks, reaching never before seen highs, due to the Russian war in Ukraine, and is likely to be something the Chancellor addresses tomorrow. Ms Kermode said: “With petrol prices at a record high, reducing fuel duty is a must for the Chancellor, and a big win on many levels. “Already overstretched families are struggling to survive spiralling cost of living increases and fuel prices mean that some can't afford to commute to earn the money they need. “Businesses are also suffering at the hands of rising costs, and reducing fuel duty will also help them at this critical time post-pandemic.” The Chancellor has already announced limited help for some households to pay for rising energy costs - but there is now wide consensus that a windfall tax is the best way to keep energy prices in check. Graham Cox, founder of the Bristol-based Self-Employed Mortgage Hub told Express.co.uk: “First, implement a windfall tax on the North Sea oil and gas companies. “They are making enormous profits off the back of soaring energy prices, which could cost the average consumer £3,000 a year by late 2022. “In these extraordinary times, when people are having to choose between heating or eating, a windfall tax is the obvious and right thing to do. “Unsurprisingly, Rishi Sunak seems ideologically averse to the idea, but ideology isn't going to keep people warm and fed next winter.”  DON'T MISSRishi Sunak may give olive branch of more 'support' to pensioners [INSIGHT]Sunak's being bullied into missing post-Brexit open goal for tax cuts [REPORT]Easter Bank Holiday benefits payment date: When will payments be made? [EXPLAINER] Lewis Shaw, founder of Mansfield-based independent mortgage broker, Shaw Financial Services told Express.co.uk: “We need to use quantitative easing (our tax revenues are above where we expected so we can afford to) to begin a green New Deal. “This would mean new jobs and better pay. The jobs would be installing insulation to cut energy costs as more than 30 percent of UK houses are uninsulated at present. “We also need more double glazing and heat pumps rather than gas boilers. On top of that, solar, wind, tidal and other new energy sources are required. “The time for radical thinking is now. If Rishi doesn’t act, and dramatically so, then we’ve got a recession coming that will make the one that followed the Global Financial Crisis look like a walk in the park." The housing market has boomed throughout the pandemic - but millions are now priced out of the market, and some areas have seen properties snapped up by second home owners. Ashley Thomas, director of London-based mortgage broker, Magni Finance: "With mortgage rates increasing, a great way to keep the housing market strong would be a reform on stamp duty. “When this was amended during Covid, it kept demand strong and helped a lot of people to move. I would personally like the Government to scrap the three percent surcharge for additional properties and potentially reduce it for larger purchases. “Anything above £1.5m is charged at 12 percent, which is very significant when you consider a lot more properties are now valued above this level. “It's no longer just mansions but many areas of London where normal families are purchasing a terraced house." However, Mr Cox from Self Employed Mortgage hub disagreed on additional properties, advocating that it should be made more expensive for those wishing to buy second homes to keep local populations within reach of buying in their area. He told Express.co.uk: “Make it prohibitively expensive through higher stamp duty and/or capital gains tax to buy a second property or holiday home. “It needs to be discouraged as it prices out local residents from having the chance to buy."