At the end of his and his wife Kate’s eight-day Caribbean tour, Prince William, 39, reflected on the experience and the Royal Family's role in the Commonwealth. Within a statement, William reaffirmed his dedication to the “Commonwealth family” but indicated he did not presume he would lead it. The statement starts with “Foreign tours are an opportunity to reflect. You learn so much.” before going on to reflect on “questions about the past and the future”. It reads: “I know this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. “In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. Catherine and I are committed to service. It's not about telling people what to do.” The Queen current serves as the head of the Commonwealth, and all 54 member nations have agreed that her son the Prince of Wales will take the title when he is king. William continued: “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” Roya Nikkhah, Royal Editor of The Sunday Times claims the Duke “broke with royal protocol” when he delivered this “candid assessment of his visit”. She adds: “Royal sources said William wanted to ‘listen and learn and not lecture’ in future.” READ MORE: Meghan fans rage at Kate as Duchess is accused of 'copying' on tour The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s visit to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas has been met with controversy including renewed calls for the Caribbean nations to remove the Queen as Head of State. Belize was said to be eyeing plans to become a republic, just two days after Kate and William visited the country. While during their visit to Kingston, Jamaica’s prime minister Andrew Holness informed the Duke and Duchess Jamaica was "moving on" in what has been interpreted as a notice the realm will soon sever its ties with the monarchy. It appears the regions are looking to follow the example of Barbados, which in November became the first nation since 1992 to remove the Queen as head of state. DON'T MISS Queen gave brutal assessment of Sophie Wessex on meeting [REVEAL] Kate and William unlikely to have another baby: ‘Too busy!' [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton made touching apology after not wearing 'pretty dress' [REPORT] While undertaking their tour, the couple were also met with protests calling for reparations as people sought apologies from the pair for the Royal Family’s role in the slave trade. William and Kate's Caribbean tour billed as a royal charm offensive faced a slew of protests, one of which saw a group of 100 prominent Jamaicans signing a letter seeking reparations from the British crown for "crimes against humanity." The letter called for an apology from the Cambridges and asked them to work to "redefine the relationship" between the British monarchy and Jamaica. A group of Jamaican residents gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston when the Cambridges were in Jamaica and clutched signs which read "Apologize now!" and "Sey yuh sorry" nodding to a campaign by the Advocates Network group. Following the protests, Prince William used a speech to condemn Britain's “abhorrent” history of slavery He said: “I strongly agree with my father, The Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history. “I want to express my profound sorrow. Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened.” However, the Duke did not issue an apology for the Royal Family’s role in the slave trade. The couple’s trip was also marred as a photo of them greeting children through a wire fence led to accusations of racial insensitivity. Snaps of the pair greeting fans who came to watch William take part in a community football match alongside Raheem Sterling were shared without context, but royal experts rushed to the couple’s defence. Many pointed out that the couple met with the fans at the fence after the match, the same way Mr Sterling did, and then moments later went out and interacted with them.