Harry Khinda has stopped 50,000 single-use plastic items from ending up in landfill since he switched when delivery orders boomed during lockdown. His idea was a huge hit with customers of The Crafty Indian in Shipley, West Yorks, so Harry is on a mission to encourage other restaurant and takeaway owners to go plastic-free. He was inspired by his father's decades-old tiffin, brought from the Punjab as the family left India for the UK in the 1960s. Gian Singh used the tiered steel lunchbox container every day to carry his food to work at a piston manufacturer in Bradford. Harry said: "We decided we didn't want to continue polluting the planet with plastic by using takeaway containers and bags. "We had a good old think as to how we could reduce our use of plastic and this led us on a journey back in history to the place where our parents came from - and we realised that the answer was staring us in the face. "Indians have been using steel tiffins to carry their food around with them at work in the mills, farms, factories and offices for generations." His dad's tiffin is still usable, demonstrating the device's longevity. They are usually three tiered, with room for several meals or courses, and have a handle so a bag is not needed. Another environmental bonus is that they keep the food hot until the takeaway customer arrives home, which usually means that there is no need to waste energy with reheating. Harry sells a tiffin initially for £18 - but users then enjoy a 10 per cent discount on meals each time that it is used. He added: "We've sold around 550 tiffins and this number increases by around three to four each week, which means our plastic use is reducing weekly. "If you multiply it over ten years, just look how much less plastic will go into landfill from our venue alone. "If all takeaways and restaurants in Bradford followed suit, imagine the amount of plastic that would no longer go to landfill.Then multiply that by the venues up and down the country and it's clear how big this could get."