Jurgen Klopp took his Liverpool players for a walk in London ahead of their crucial match away to Arsenal this evening. Liverpool are aiming to reduce the gap to Premier League leaders Manchester City to one point with victory at the Emirates. The Reds have won their last eight matches in the league so head into the match full of confidence. Arsenal are set to prove a tough test having picked up five wins in a row themselves. But the Liverpool squad looked completely relaxed as they strolled the streets of the capital this morning. A lucky Liverpool fan stumbled upon Klopp and his players taking in a pre-match walk. Twitter user @GrizzKhan filmed over 50 seconds of footage and posted the video on his account. Mohamed Salah has been a doubt for the match due to a foot injury he sustained in the win at Brighton on Saturday. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel overtakes Mauricio Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target  Klopp confirmed at his press conference on Tuesday that Salah was returning to training that day. And the good news for Liverpool fans is that the Egyptian was filmed walking with his team-mates. Two players who were missing were left-back Kostas Tsimikas and midfielder James Milner. Klopp confirmed on Tuesday the pair were set to miss the trip to London due to illness. It appeared the remainder of the Liverpool first-team squad were present. Klopp led the way, followed by the likes of Harvet Elliott, Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara. The two top scorers in the Premier League this season, Diogo Jota and Salah, can both be seen. There are 22 players who can be seen in the video, including third-choice goalkeeper Adrian. DON'T MISSBillionaire friend of Donald Trump to make last-gasp Chelsea bid as deadline draws nearer [NEWS]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick lands first signing as transfer terms signed [TRANSFERS]Man Utd ‘make another transfer approach’ as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]  Therefore one outfielder is likely to be left out once the squad is named an hour before kick-off this evening. Arsenal have few injury concerns themselves heading into the game. Takehiro Tomiyasu is set to continue on the sidelines after failing to recover in time from his calf injury. Arsenal can strengthen their grip on fourth spot with victory over Liverpool. Mikel Arteta's side are currently one point clear of Manchester United with three games in hand. They are aiming to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016.  Alisson Caoimhin Kelleher Adrian Trent Alexander-Arnold Andy Robertson Virgil van Dijk Joel Matip Ibrahima Konate Joe Gomez Thiago Alcantara Harvey Elliott Curtis Jones Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Jordan Henderson Naby Keita Fabinho Mohamed Salah Diogo Jota Roberto Firmino Sadio Mane Luis Diaz Takumi Minamino Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here