Vladimir Putin had reportedly planned to conclude his so-called "special operation" in Ukraine within days of its launch. But two weeks into the invasion, Russia has so far failed in its attempts to reach Kyiv or any other major city in the country, with their advance mostly limited to the south and east. Bridget Kendall suggested Putin could now be "blaming intelligence service" for failing to plan around Ukraine's fierce resistance. Speaking to Lorraine, the former BBC correspondent said: "It also suggests that up at the top they thought that if they had this sort of dash and element of surprise, risky, but they could do it. "They haven't managed that, clearly. "The people who have to go to Putin, he says, 'what's happened? How come this hasn't worked out?' "I'm sure he's blaming his intelligence services for terrible intelligence because it turned out Ukrainians didn't welcome them with flowers. READ THE LATEST IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  "Instead, they're fighting back, actually putting up quite a lot of resistance which is making it longer and bloodier and more difficult and more uncertain how it's going to finish." Ms Kendall also suggested Putin is not being driven only by a desire to confront the West but also by his belief he is "righting a historical wrong." Putin justified his invasion with claims Russia was seeking to "denazify" Ukraine and to stop the "genocide" of the Russian-speaking population of the Donbas region. Neo-Nazi parties polled at two percent in the last general election in Ukraine, and no evidence of crimes against the population in the eastern Ukrainian region have emerged in the eight years of the ongoing armed conflict. READ MORE: Horror warning as Putin tipped to unleash 'dark activity' to outsmart Truss masterstroke  Russia fuelled fears of an incoming attempt to seize Kyiv when satellite images emerged showing a 40-mile convoy heading towards the capital. But 15 days into the conflict, and despite ongoing shelling targeting Kyiv and the city of Kherson, Russia has so far failed to secure a major residential city. Broadcaster Matt Frei told LBC: "That armoured column of tanks that we've seen from space and up close in person in the last few weeks that seems to be advancing towards Kyiv has stopped advancing. DON'T MISS:  Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs [INSIGHT] 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support [SPOTLIGHT]  "And it's now a sitting duck for some of the anti-tank missiles used by the Ukrainian forces. "They've exerted quite a lot of damage on those particular ground forces advancing towards big city centres. "The weaponry Britain has sent them, those anti-tank missiles are working pretty well. At the same time, the Stinger missiles provided by the Americans make it very difficult for the Russians to fly at low altitudes over Ukrainian population centres. "That's why we're not seeing a lot of air activity in the sky. The further up you go, the more inaccurate your bombing becomes."