Acer trees, also known as Japanese maples, are loved for their vibrant foliage, which is a sight to behold from spring through to autumn. As the bright pink growth begins to emerge through spring, you might be wondering how to make the most of your acer tree in its prime growing period. Pruning is the best way to stimulate new growth and keep your plants thriving, but what’s the best way to prune an acer tree? Japanese maple trees are dormant during November, December and January when no new growth will appear. While this ornamental species is best pruned during the winter months, there are also a few opportunities through spring and summer which are perfect for lighter pruning. To keep fresh growth flowing from the offset of spring, it is best to prune hard while the tree isn’t growing - but how should you do it? READ MORE: What to prune in March: Garden design expert shares top tips The main aim of pruning your acer tree should be to maintain a tidy and well-supported structure. To achieve this, you will need some clean and very sharp secateurs to make well-defined cuts throughout the plant. Start by removing badly placed or crossing shoots to restore your acer tree to its natural framework. As you do this, you should try to reduce both the height and the width of the plant, so be sure to follow long branches all the way back to the side branch for a complete prune. If you’re pruning a newly planted acer, you should adjust the intensity of your cuttings with each winter that passes. The Royal Horticultural Society recommends pruning young acer trees to around 16 inches in the first winter. To achieve this, try to make your cuts just above two pairs of strong shoots. After the initial winter prune, the RHS recommends: DON'T MISS:March gardening: Five timely tasks to do in the garden this weekend [REVEAL]Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [INSIGHT]When to cut back fuchsia - spring pruning tips [LATEST] During spring, acer trees are covered with vibrant pink leaves which can look stunning when well-maintained. Keeping the bright foliage thriving is easily done with some gentle pruning in April and June. To do this, you can carefully prune out growing tips in April to keep them compact. Later in June, gently remove the lengths of new growth that look excessive or untidy using a sharp pair of secateurs. Doing this will get the acer in shape ready for summer, looking pleasing and with plenty of new growth to be enjoyed. While winter is the perfect time to reduce the growth on your Japanese maple tree, larger acers can also be pruned at the very end of summer. Between August and October, the vibrant leaves begin to fade as they prepare for the dormant season. During this time, it is safe to do a more generous prune to reduce the size of your acer tree. It is generally recommended to prune between August and January because the plant can bleed sap from harsh pruning at other times of the year.