Her Majesty was being driven out of Windsor Castle on Wednesday to Frogmore Gardens to walk her dogs and enjoy the nice weather, reports suggest. She looked to be wearing a headscarf, sunglasses and a green wax jacket as she sat in the front passenger seat. The royal was also seen pulling the car's visor down to shield her eyes from the sunshine as the UK experiences rising temperatures. It is believed she was joining her corgis to take them on their regular walk around Frogmore Gardens, which is only located around half a mile south of Windsor Castle. It comes after recent reports stated the monarch has been unable to take the dogs out of the castle for walks since she was taken into hospital for preliminary tests last October.  The Queen's aides were believed to be taking her two corgis and dorgi, a cross between Dachshund and Welsh Corgi, out for daily walks. Further concerns over her health were raised recently when the Palace announced she wouldn't be attending the annual Commonwealth Day ceremony. However, the recent sighting of the royal will likely put worries about her health at ease. The photos come after it was revealed the Queen's diary is "under review" and reports said she is unlikely to return to attending certain major public engagements again.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim Sources claim Her Majesty is not ill and continues to be committed to her duties. However, senior aides are understood to have accepted that the "frailties that come with living a long life" are finally catching up with her. A source told the MailOnline: "The Queen is still as alert, able and interested as ever but, physically, she isn't as strong as she once was, which is entirely understandable for a woman of her age." She was also seen holding a walking stick during an in-person meeting with military leaders earlier this month where she told her guests: "Well, as you can see, I can't move."  DON'T MISS: How Kate and William display ‘sign of unity and togetherness’ [INSIGHT]Kate and William charm public with casual social media on royal tour [COMMENT]Prince Harry lands himself in 'sticky wicket' with security row [ANALYSIS] Shortly after, on February 20, the Queen also tested positive for COVID-19 but experienced only "mild cold-like symptoms". The service of thanksgiving for the late Prince Philip is set to be held at Westminster Abbey on March 29. It is hoped that the Queen will attend the service after she missed the Commonwealth Day service last week because of mobility problems. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: "After discussing the arrangements with the royal household, the Queen has asked the Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. "The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in-person audiences, in the week ahead." 