When moving house, it’s important a new property ticks as many boxes as possible. There are a lot of factors to consider such as location, EPC rating, size, price and the age of a property. New builds tend to be more energy efficient but often have smaller rooms while period homes have more character but need more maintenance. Property experts from Stelrad have shared the pros and cons of new builds and period homes. Due to how modern homes are built, new build properties are usually very well insulated. Advanced double glazing and modern radiator designs mean new build homes have maximum warmth which means heating costs are usually lower. Stelrad said new homes come with a developer’s warranty which usually lasts for 10 years. The warranty usually covers the homeowner if anything goes wrong, with the builder liable to fix any faults. However, homeowners should be aware that these guarantees do tend to taper off after the first two years. Purchasing a new build property “off-plan” means the new homeowners can have a say in what the property interior looks like. Carpets, flooring, kitchens and bathrooms are just some of the aspects the new homeowner can have a say in. This also means the new homeowner doesn’t have to worry about embarking on a costly renovation project when they move in. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes The experts at Stelrad said: “Since a new build has no existing owner, you are not reliant on an external party when it comes to moving dates. “Even if you have an existing property of your own to sell, your chain ends with you so the power is in your hands and there is less chance of your transaction falling through due to reasons out of your control.” First time buyers can seek help to get on the housing ladder. Schemes like First Homes and Help to Buy are available on new build homes only which means new builds are a more appealing option for those who may need extra help. Property developers may offer tempting deals to buyers in order to sell the new build homes. Some examples could be covering a buyers’ stamp duty costs or upgrading fixtures and fittings. New build homes come with the advantage of never been lived in which means everything inside is brand new and unused. New homeowners are likely to be able to move in without having to make any changes.  DON'T MISSMrs Hinch fan shares 88p method to clean dusty skirting boards [INSIGHT]Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms [UPDATE]Property: Most ‘underestimated’ feature to add £27,000 to house value [ANALYSIS] New build properties tend to be built on the smaller side so developers can make as much money as they can. Many new builds will have gardens that are overlooked by neighbours or have large parking areas for multiple cars. As previously mentioned, new builds can be smaller which means the rooms could be smaller. This can be a “struggle” for people with lots of furniture. The experts at Stelrad said developers can charge a “premium rate” for new, unused homes. They said: “Once you move in, the value of the property almost instantly drops as it cannot be described as ‘new’ any longer. “However, the value can rise again on a long term basis so should not be off putting if you are planning on living there for some time.” New builds can have problems when homeowners move in due to modern building techniques. It could be as simple as a door not closing properly or a leak from one of the pipes. A snagging survey should be done to iron out such problems. New build projects can be susceptible to delays, especially if it is bought off-plan. If problems occur or the process takes longer than anticipated, this can have an effect on mortgage offers or the buying chain. New housing developments are not usually added to Google Maps right away so it can be difficult for people to find the property. Takeaway orders and delivery drivers can struggle to find the property if they can’t find it on their phones. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Period properties tend to have more original features such as decorative cornices, sash windows, original fireplaces and parquet flooring. For buyers looking for a bigger home, period properties tend to have larger bedrooms, high ceilings and large garden space. A period home or one from the 1920s or 1930s will mean buyers have more surface area to work with when putting their own stamp on a place. The experts at Stelrad said a survey will allow buyers to “identify any structural issues or hidden problems to make sure everything is in order”. They added: “Although period homes often don’t come without problems, being made aware of them in advance will mean you can weigh up the options to establish the best route for you.” New builds homes can be harder to add value to while period homes usually have more potential. Value can be added in a loft conversion or kitchen extension, for example. A period property that is owned by another party means there is a chain which can add more stress to a sale. Period homes are prone to more issues than newer properties. They can require more maintenance in order to remain attractive and structurally sound.  Period properties tend to be less energy efficient and can be naturally cooler inside. As they need more energy to heat, utility bills can be higher than those for newer homes. However, installing modern radiators can make all the difference. If a buyer has grand visions for a new home, then a period project may require more renovations than a new build. A large budget and time may be needed to update a period home. Period homes can look more worn and weathered if they have been owned by a plethora of previous homeowners. Moving in and out can also add additional bumps and scrapes to a property. Serious issues to look out for include damp, structural problems and cracks.