Michael Gove has likened the economic fallout from Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine to the oil crisis of the 1970s during a sit down with former BBC presenter Andrew Marr. Russia's war on Ukraine has set oil and gas prices soaring at a time when Britons had already been battling with the rising cost of living. Mr Gove told Andrew Marr on LBC: "I think we can get through this. "But I think there is a direct historical comparison with what happened in the 1970s. So after the 1973 Yom Kippur war, all prices spiked so that had an effect. There were lots of other things going on in the global economy at that time that were difficult. "We all know, that there are real cost of living challenges. But I think it's important in levelling with the British people to stress two things, yes, real challenges ahead. But also, we can get through this, and I think what we mustn't do is for any reason to imagine that these challenges can overwhelm a country like ours." LBC Westminister Correspondent Ben Kentish noted that the 1973 oil price shock has resulted in considerable economic hardship in Britain including the "rationing on electricity."  Mr Gove told Andrew Marr that the conflict in Ukraine was a "hinge" moment. The minister told LBC: "You can't contemplate the land invasion of one European country by another with the biggest humanitarian crisis since the Second World War without thinking that this is a hinge moment. "It's sometimes the case that people draw early lessons when there's a big change that are subsequently refined by events. "There may be some things that are small factors in people's minds now that grow, other instant takes that may prove to be a little too instant. It is undoubtedly the biggest foreign policy and economic event at least since 9/11."  Mr Gove also said warned that Mr Putin will "stop at almost nothing" in his goal to conquer Ukraine. "His army has faced a much tougher level of resistance than it was clear he had anticipated," he said. "It's also the case that he has a number of other options, all grisly, that he has at his disposal, before he ever goes anywhere near the use of tactical nuclear weapons." Mr Marr asked: "When Putin threatens nuclear war, uses that blood-curdling language, should we take him seriously?" DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT]  DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] "I think we have to take very seriously the threat Putin imposes. "But I think none of us should imagine that he is going to immediately escalate to nuclear warfare,' replied Mr Gove. He added: "There are many more steps and thresholds before we ever get anywhere near there. "But we do need to bear in mind that Russia has a nuclear-armed power."