While modern flatscreen TVs provide brilliant picture quality, a solid selection of streaming apps out-of-box, and a svelte design that can easily be wall-mounted ...there is still one major disadvantage to these panels. It takes up a lot of space, whether you're watching or not. When switched off, these black mirrors take up a good chunk of space in your room. To combat this, Samsung has created televisions in its The Frame range that transform into artwork when not in use. Meanwhile, LG has a different approach – and it's available to pre-order now. The company has unveiled its new HU715Q Ultra Short Throw laser projectors, which aims to solve the biggest headache with flatscreens as they can be packed away when you're done with your Netflix binge. Of course, there are usually disadvantages with projectors too – you need to mount the projector to the ceiling or create space at the back of the room with a clear line of sight to the screen or wall. The HU715Q Ultra Short Throw laser projector solves this headache as it can be rested on the same piece of furniture you'd use for a television. This compact box can be placed just 11.8cm from the wall to create an 80-inch screen, 21.7cm away to create a 100-inch screen, and 31.7cm to project its maximum screen size of 120-inches. Since the HU715Q Ultra Short Throw uses laser projection to create the screen real estate – you're not committed to any of these sizes. You can watch the latest Hollywood blockbusters on an eye-boggling 120-inch screen, and then jump into the settings menu to watch the local news on a more modest screen size. Regardless of what screen size you settle on, the LG projector will be able to provide a crisp 4K Ultra HD image. It's also compatible with HDR Pro and HDR 10 standards, which are used by a wide range of streaming services, broadcasters, and video games console manufacturers. An ambient light sensor built into the front of the HU715Q Ultra Short Throw automatically changes the brightness of the image. LG has worked hard to ensure that you're still able to enjoy a brilliant image even during daylight (something that, historically, has been an issue with projectors). At its peak, the projector is capable of 2,500-lumen output, which allows it to achieve high 2,000,000:1 contrast ratios, LG says. Just like its Smart TVs, the HU715Q Ultra Short Throw comes preloaded with WebOS. That means you'll have access to the biggest streaming services – like Netflix, Prime Video, Apple TV+, Disney+, YouTube, Deezer, and more – straight out-of-the-box. LG will also make intelligent suggestions based on your tastes. Media loaded onto a USB drive can also be accessed via the WebOS menu and viewed on the laser projector (LG has included two USB 2.0 ports). LG has also built-in support for AirPlay, so iPhone, iPad and Mac owners can wirelessly beam audio and video to the projector. This lossless wireless transfer is handy if your projector is connected to the best sound system in the house, but also allows you to share photo albums and videos with friends and family on the big screen. Even if you don't have an external sound system, the LG HU715Q Ultra Short Throw arrives with a built-in 20W speaker that promises better audio than you'll find from a typical flatscreen telly. You can pair the built-in speaker with an external speaker to add to the oomph. The HU715Q Ultra Short Throw arrives with three HDMI ports, including an eARC port for a soundbar. LG says the bulbs will be good for 20,000 hours of use, which it says will last for around seven years under normal usage. LG first revealed the HU715Q last month, but it's now finally available to preorder in the UK today. With a price tag of £2,998.98, it doesn't come cheap. But then again, buying a 100-inch flatscreen telly doesn't cost under four-figures either. The first units will start to ship on March 18, 2022. If you want something a little more affordable, Samsung's new projector arrives at a cost of £999. It can be used indoors plugged into the mains, or out-and-about with the help of an external battery pack. You can use your smartphone to wirelessly beam content to the lightweight projector, like Netflix shows, bypassing the need to worry about HDMI cables.