Lewis Hamilton’s fears over rivals Red Bull could be set to increase after the team’s advisor Helmut Marko promised they are set for a ‘significant boost’ on the track. This comes after Hamilton admitted he and his Mercedes team are ‘so far off’ both Red Bull and Ferrari. It was a Red Bull-Ferrari one-two in Saudi Arabia on Sunday, as Max Verstappen just edged out Charles Leclerc in a remarkable on-track battle under the Jeddah lights near the end. For Hamilton though it is once again back to the drawing board after finishing well off the pace back in 10th. It seems Red Bull and Ferrari have both adapted much better to the FIA’s new car regulations for 2022, with reigning constructors’ champions Mercedes lagging well behind. Speaking about his team’s struggles, Hamilton said: “We are so far off the guys ahead, it feels like a long way away. “We need more grip, we need more power. We’re still really down on speed and it’s just not one fix, it’s several things." The seven-time world champion will be hoping his car demands come soon rather than later, after Marko warned Red Bull’s on-track performance is only set to get better. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton picks out two things Mercedes need 'more' of to battle Ferrari and Red Bull The Austrian advisor had revealed that his team were struggling with the weight of their car ahead of the 2022 campaign, and is ‘more difficult to tune’ compared to their newly formed rivals Ferrari. Marko however told ServusTV that improvements to the Red Bull car are right around the corner. He said: “The Ferrari is a car that is always fast, in all conditions [regardless of] temperature or tyres. Our car is definitely more difficult to tune, but we will lose some weight in Imola.That should give us a significant time advantage, time gain in other words.” The 2022 season has no doubt offered a surprising start with reigning champions Mercedes seemingly struggling to adapt to new regulations, after securing the last eight constructors’ titles. The Silver Arrows loss has been Red Bull and Ferrari’s gain though, with the two teams proving the strongest in the early stages of the campaign. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen wins Saudi Arabian GP as Lewis Hamilton finishes 10thWolff explains lack of Mercedes car changes after Hamilton nightmareF1 drivers to demand meeting with sport bosses after Saudi Arabian GP  Most notably Verstappen and Leclerc have been the two drivers who have proved a cut above the rest, with both having a victory to their name two races in. As a result, Marko gave praise to the Ferrari man: “I think we are in a good position, but we have an almost equal opponent in Ferrari. Leclerc is driving absolutely flawless this season, so it will be an exciting year." The F1 schedule will now take a break before returning to Australia on April 9th. Ahead of race three, the Red Bull advisor has predicted more excitement. He commented: “It's all about who can get the car set up in the best possible way. The track has suited us in the past, but it is difficult. It will probably be particularly exciting again."