The Duchess of York has relaunched her online show Story Time with Fergie and Friends to show support to the children of Ukraine. Sarah went on a brief hiatus from her show in January, but returned to read ‘Beautiful World, Beautiful You’ on World Book Day a week ago. Since then, she has released a new video each day, and on Thursday read ‘The Dud Bud’ by Michaela Skilney. Sarah, otherwise known as Fergie, has in recent weeks kept a low profile amid the media attention that surrounded her ex-husband Prince Andrew after he reached an agreement with his sexual assault accuser, Virginia Roberts Giuffre — allegations which he vehemently denies. Despite separating 30 years ago, Andrew and Fergie have remained extremely close, with Fergie continuing to appear at certain royal events in recent years. The pair’s relationship was explored in Channel 5’s 2020 documentary ‘Fergie & Andrew: The Duke and Duchess of Disaster’, and delved deeper into Sarah’s history and personal life. Sarah’s once idyllic childhood was ruptured by the breakup of her parents’ marriage when she was just 12. READ MORE: Camilla health fears as fans spot worrying sign: 'She's shaking!' Her mother, Susan, caused a stir in social circles when she eloped with Argentinian polo player Héctor Barrantes in 1972. Sarah and her older sister, Jane, stayed with her father, Major Ronald Ferguson, at the 480-acre family home in Hampshire. Eve Pollard, a royal expert and commentator, recalled Fergie’s heartbreaking final conversation with her mother before she ran away to Argentina. She said: “The last big conversation she had with her mother before she went was that her mother didn’t like her hair. “This is a girl of 12. She really thought for many years her mother had left because her hair wasn’t right. “If you think your mother doesn’t love you, I think you’re always panicked by self-doubt.” Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, explained that while Sarah’s father was “terrific”, he could not fill the void left by their mother. She said: “Sarah’s father was terrific, but obviously he wasn’t a house wife and he wasn’t great at cooking. DON'T MISS:Camilla ‘holding back tears’ in emotional Ukraine meeting [EXPERT]Harry and William’s ‘broken’ pact with Diana claim laid bare [INSIGHT]Prince Andrew: How Parliament need to pass law to remove Duke title [REVEALED] “He did master scrambled eggs and they would just eat eggs out of a saucepan because he thought, ‘Well, what’s the point of dirtying all the plates?’” Fergie gave a candid insight into her childhood in a 2002 interview with The Observer, opening up about her mother’s sudden disappearance. She said she blamed herself for being abandoned by her mother, and became prone to comfort eating. She said: “She was my spirit. My whole soul and she went. I believed it was my fault — of course I did. “She hardly contacted me at all and that’s when food became my only friend.” Fergie admitted she had struggled with obesity for much of her life, and her world fell apart when tabloids labelled her ‘Duchess of Pork’ and ‘Fat Fergie’. She recalled: “It took my opinion of myself to absolutely nothing, a piece of dirt. And maybe I had to reach that point to start to put myself back together.” Three deaths in quick succession deeply affected her, prompting her to make changes to her life. Her mother and close friends Princess Diana and Carolyn Cotterrell — who introduced her to Prince Andrew — all died within three years of each other. Fergie said: “I did think then: ‘Are you going to waste your life and just eat yourself silly, Sarah, or are you going to wake up?’” Since then she has worked to highlight the problems of over-eating and the associated psychological conditions that come with it. She spent 11 years working with weight watchers, writing six books for them between 1998 and 2009. In more recent years, Fergie has worked in television production alongside juggling her newfound duties as a grandmother to Princess Beatrice’s daughter Sienne and Princess Eugenie’s son August, both born last year.