Cristiano Ronaldo was among big names absent as Manchester United gathered at their team hotel before Sunday's derby against Manchester City. United travel to the Etihad Stadium looking to derail Man City's Premier League title bid further - and Ralf Rangnick could spring a major surprise in his team selection for the match after Ronaldo's notable absence on Saturday night. The Red Devils voyage across town looking to reignite their top-four challenge after a dismal 0-0 draw at home to Watford last time out. Rangnick has had the entire week with his squad to prepare mentally and physically for the league leaders. And the German coach may be planning to throw a curveball at Pep Guardiola in a match of great significance for both sides. Ronaldo not starting is worthy of headlines in itself, but the 37-year-old might not be involved at all in Sunday's derby affair. JUST IN: Jurgen Klopp sends message to Man City and makes Declan Rice admission  The Manchester Evening News always have scouts on hand to see which United players arrive at the team hotel on the eve of a game. And on Saturday night, four major names weren't spotted as 21 players gathered ahead of making the short trip to the Etihad on Sunday. Ronaldo was one of them, joining Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw and Edinson Cavani in being absent. Interestingly, 21 players arriving somewhat indicates that there will be no others with the travelling party - an 18-man squad and three reserves. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hits out at fans for Abramovich chants  Suggestions that Rangnick should drop Ronaldo, regardless of his limited striker options, have been flowing amongst the fanbase this week. And Ronaldo's absence could perhaps open the door of possibility for Bruno Fernandes to feature as a false nine, rather than out-of-form Marcus Rashford operating as the central striker. The Portuguese superstar looks shot of confidence for the first time in his glistening career, scoring just two goals in his last 12 games in all competitions. But it would be a phenomenal statement by Rangnick if he dropped Ronaldo from his squad altogether, and that's without considering Sunday's opposition. His leadership and presence in the dressing room would be deemed crucial by many regardless of his woes on the pitch, indicating it could be an injury issue rather than tactical risk. Manchester United's squad to face Manchester City, according to the Manchester Evening News: Goalkeepers - David de Gea, Dean Henderson, Tom Heaton Defenders - Diogo Dalot, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Phil Jones, Harry Maguire, Eric Bailly, Victor Lindelof, Alex Telles Midfielders - Nemanja Matic, Scot McTominay, Fred, Paul Pogba, Hannibal Mejbri, Juan Mata, Bruno Fernandes Forwards - Jadon Sancho, Anthony Elanga, Jesse Lingard, Marcus Rashford.