Flight attendants and other airport staff often share their best travel tips and recommendations on the question-and-answer platform Quora. User Andy Cheung shared his best "travel hacks". Elderly travellers may find the security process irritating, but the flying expert explained his best trick to speed up the process. He said: "When going through security, I stuff my wallet, keys and phone into my backpack before placing it on the conveyor belt. "This obviates the need for a separate dish to put it all in." READ MORE: World War 3: Top 3 safest destinations to travel to When in the air, he recommended "chatting to the flight attendants" to get things for free. Andy said: "Being a flight attendant is often a thankless job punctuated with occasional assholes, so if you make the effort to get to know them they will reward you with things like free booze." He also advised senior passengers to plan their "trips to the bathroom to reduce waiting time".  "Most people tend to hit the head immediately after their meal tray is cleared. "This is the worst time to go. "The best is immediately after the aircraft has levelled off from take off but before initial beverage service, about 10-15 minutes after wheels-up." However, elderly travellers are often advised to skip alcohol on the plane and drink a lot of water, as "flying at high altitudes is extremely dehydrating". Most people think as long as they are sitting quietly they don’t need a lot of water. Unfortunately, this is "how many seniors get into severe trouble". The Cleveland Clinic explained: "Aeroplane cabins have very low humidity levels, because about 50 percent of the air circulating in the cabin is pulled from the outside, and at high altitudes, the air is almost completely devoid of moisture. "This might cause your throat, nose and skin to feel dry. "What you can do: To stay hydrated, pack an empty water bottle in your carry-on that you can refill after going through security and take with you on the plane. "That way you don’t have to rely on those tiny drinks from the beverage cart to get you through a multiple-hours flight." It also advised: "Wear glasses instead of contacts to help prevent discomfort to the eyes. "Pack small bottles of lotion, eye drop or nasal spray if you’re worried about drying out."