Earlier this week, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he expected Brussels to begin accession negotiations after the country's mediation efforts in the Ukraine war. Accession negotiations must be completed before a new member state can join the EU. Negotiations take place between ministers and ambassadors from member state governments. The Turkish President now appears to want a return to the EU, after being an associate member between 1992 and 2011. On Tuesday, Erdogan met with the Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte in the country's capital, Ankara.  After the meeting, he said: "We expect the EU to open the chapters for accession negotiations and start negotiations on a customs union without engaging in cynical calculus." Turkey's chances of regaining a stronger voice on the international stage have increased thanks to its efforts at mediation in the war in Ukraine. The NATO member has continued to push for a diplomatic solution to the situation in Ukraine despite being a big supporter of Russia in the past. Foreign ministers of Russia and Ukraine also met for mediation efforts in the Turkish town of Antalya earlier this month, but the talks did not yield concrete results. READ MORE: Lord Frost loses it with Ireland as he explodes at Simon Coveney The country has been trying to mediate Moscow and Kyiv since the war started last month. However, the NATO member has so far not joined other Western nations and imposed sanctions on Russia. The mediation efforts could work in Mr Erdogan's favour of becoming a full member state of the EU. In recent years, there have often been fierce disputes between the EU and Ankara over the accession issue. Negotiations for full membership were started on October 3, 2005. DON'T MISS: EU tramples on rights of UK citizens in Northern Ireland [INSIGHT]Katya Adler outlines why VDL's energy plan will be CRUSHED [ANALYSIS]NATO 'on notice' as Putin eyed up former soviet states for expansion [COMMENT] However, in 2020 there seemed to have been little movement and the European Commission declared they had come to a "standstill". EU objections over the policies of the Turkish government arose in particular after the failed coup in 2016 and the subsequent repression, as well as because of the persecution of opposition members and journalists. Leaders of the EU are meeting in Brussels on Wednesday for a two-day summit to discuss the consequences of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. A special NATO summit will also take place in Brussels the following day. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg. 