Ibinabo Jac landed her role in Vera in 2018 and has played DC Jac Williams alongside leading lady DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) ever since. Before the ITV series, Ibinabo had never worked in TV before although she had featured in many West End shows including the likes of Dreamgirls and The Bodyguard. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the Jac Williams star discussed what it was like filming with Brenda. “She's very good at welcoming people and I do see it now that I'm a regular,” the actress began. “And when you've got guest actors in, she's very good at putting people at ease. “She's very open-hearted and makes everyone feel comfortable.” READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump She continued: “She is telling jokes, or we do the crossword together. She's a pussycat and I think it's cool Vera isn't.” Discussing filming her first ever scene with Brenda, Ibinabo admitted she was really nervous. “My first ever seen on Vera was with Brenda and it was in the Land Rover,” the actress recalled. “So, it's iconic. She's iconic. I've been a huge fan of hers for years and I was massively nervous.” The West End star went on to explain that Brenda took her to one side to give her some advice while filming their scenes. “With stage performances, you do it for whatever audience is in that night, but the next day it is a different audience,” Ibinabo said. “So, it's never the same show, whereas with TV it's filmed but it's permanent forever. “So, I got on set, and we were doing this scene, it was quite a cloak and dagger and I'm projecting [my voice].” DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [SPOILERS] “Brenda took me to one side and said, 'you don't need to project because you've got a microphone on',” Ibinabo added. “That has been the hardest thing I think making things [look] naturalistic and to not turn my body outwards to present like you have to do on stage because it's a not flat facing. “So yeah, that was my first ever day in the Land Rover with Brenda and she had to tell me not to project.” Ibinabo said at the time of casting, ITV bosses originally wanted her character to be played by a man. Although, after struggling to find the perfect person, ITV bosses decided to open the auditions to women as well. The actress explained: "Initially, the character had a different name and I think he was going to be a bloke. "But the executive producer at the time, Leticia Knight said, 'let's open it up to women, let's just see what's out there'." Ibinabo said she was quickly cast for the part after she sent in an audition tape. Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year.