Ralf Rangnick 'expected' to become Manchester United's permanent manager following his appointment as interim boss, according to reports. However, United have now moved away from that idea and will appoint a different manager in the summer. Rangnick was brought in as interim in December following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. However, it hasn't gone quite to plan for the 63-year-old German. United crashed out of the FA Cup to Championship side Middlesbrough and are in a dogfight to finish in the Premier League top four. The Red Devils are a point behind Arsenal in fourth but the Gunners have three games in hand over them. JUST IN: Piers Morgan orders Arsenal to 'break the bank' to beat Man Utd to Thomas Tuchel  Following his appointment, it was announced Rangnick would take up a consultancy role at Old Trafford for the next two seasons. However, according to Duncan Castles of the Transfer Window podcast, Rangnick actually expected to get the job on a full-time basis. Castles said: "We know that they're going to bring a new manager in, having dispensed with the idea that Rangnick can do it. "Rangnick originally came in expecting to do it." DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Dimitar Berbatov names four potential transfers to begin new era [EXCLUSIVE]Cesar Azpilicueta becomes first Chelsea player to break silence over Roman Abramovich [INTERVIEW]Karim Benzema and Robert Lewandowski send Mohamed Salah message to Liverpool owners FSG [COMMENT]  Speaking after his arrival in December, Rangnick hinted he would be keen on taking the job on permanently. "I am, of course, fully aware they are looking for a new manager, maybe if they ask me, we will see," he said. "Maybe, if they ask me my opinion as you said and everything goes well and I help develop the team, I might make the same recommendation as I did at Leipzig twice and say to them for me to stay on and continue working with me!" However, it appears Rangnick has not done enough to convince United chiefs he would be the right candidate.  Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag remain the two favourites for the job. United legend Gary Neville has backed his former club to bring in a manager with a view to a long-term project. “They want to appoint either Pochettino or Ten Hag on a long-term project and they needed somebody [Rangnick] to get them to the end of the season," Neville said on Sky Sports. “Manchester United need a longer-term approach to their manager, they always have had that. They’re not going to appoint a short-term manager again, they did that with Jose [Mourinho].  “They went against the grain with that and they’re not going to do that again. Right or wrongly, they’re just not going to do it. “They’re going to appoint a younger, more up-and-coming manager like Ten Hag or Pochettino. Pochettino is not young and up-and-coming but he’s certainly established himself." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 