Kate Middleton’s hair is one of her trademarks; always thick, glossy and bouncy, it has been said the Duchess of Cambridge styles it herself. Since her engagement to Prince William in 2010, Kate has created a signature hairstyle which she opts for regularly, no matter the weather - down and blowdried. With having such long hair, she is keen to ensure it always remains in a pristine place when cameras are about. As a result, Kate is constantly touching her hair and Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about this. Just last week, Kate stepped out with William in Wales to celebrate St. David’s Day. Both opted for dark green and black outfits, with Kate’s hair in her usual style. When meeting members of the public, Kate was pictured tucking her hair behind her ear or flicking it over her shoulder. Similarly, when she visited the community-focused youth centre, she made sure her hair was well out of the way to cook some welsh cakes. READ MORE: Prince Charles’s 2nd marriage 'more successful' for three reasons Whenever Kate is walking somewhere, she is spotted reaching for her hair on the right-hand side to either hold it or move it out of the way. And in terms of more formal occasions, when the Duchess has an updo or carefully constructed half-up half-down hairstyle, she has been seen checking it’s still in its place. Body language expert Judi spoke about Kate’s concern for her image. DON'T MISS...Weight loss: New mum shed 1.7st of fat in 3 months - here’s how [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry’s go-to move in 'moments of stress' unveiled [BODY LANGUAGE]Queen Maxima of the Netherlands' orange engagement ring - true meaning [PICTURES] She said: “Kate’s hair seems to be remarkably well-behaved with few if any photos of it doing anything much more than a little temporary rippling in even high winds. “While other royals who prefer to wear their hair long tend to bow to the inevitable, like Princess Anne whose hair is rarely seen falling free in public and always swept up in a French pleat. “Or Meghan, who opted for a loose bun with flying tendrils when the weather threatened to wreak havoc with her beautiful longer styles during royal visits, and even Sophie, who tends to limit the length of her hair to something more manageable and tie it back for many of her outdoor appearances. “Kate resolutely looks as though she is the star of a shampoo ad though, even in inclement weather, and without any obvious appearance of heavy-duty products or sprays.” She added: “She has been known to sport a headband and to opt for a ponytail, but usually only when she is doing something more extreme like playing rugby. “She does have a signature ‘hair-touch’ gesture that is a regular ritual although it doesn’t always look confined to moments when she needs to keep her hair in check. “Hair-touch can be a preening ritual that looks flirty or even which can be performed to bring attention to the face. “But it can also be a small self-calming ritual that is truncated, hinting at a desire to touch or stroke the hair more during moments of anxiety.” Judi continued: “Many of these rituals relate to the comfort gestures we were familiar with as babies. “Parents will often stroke a child’s head to get it off to sleep and this can emerge as a small self-stroke or hair fiddling when we get older. “Kate’s gesture looks part practical, to avoid her thick hair sweeping across her face, but also part-emotional, occurring at moments when she might look faintly unsure or anxious.” 