Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has already identified the problem areas of his squad that will be in desperate need of improvement when the summer transfer window rolls around, according to reports. The Italian coach joined Spurs back in November and worked with director of football Fabio Paratici to strengthen the club's ranks with a fruitful mid-season recruitment drive in January. Tottenham eventually signed Juventus duo Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski on deadline day after missing out on a lucrative move for Luis Diaz, who eventually joined Liverpool despite holding lengthy talks with the north London outfit. Both players have turned plenty of heads with a number of impressive performances for Spurs in the weeks since, but it seems as though Conte is eager to add plenty of additional reinforcements when the bidding re-opens at the end of the campaign.The former Inter Milan and Chelsea boss is desperate to make at least four new signings to bolster his squad before the start of next season, according to The Mirror. It is claimed that Conte has identified Tottenham's defence as a potential weak point and is looking to reinforce his side's back five with the addition of at least one centre-back and a new right wing-back.Tottenham are also believed to be in the market for a new central midfielder to play alongside the likes of Bentancur and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg in the engine room for next season. They were heavily linked with a move for AC Milan midfielder Franck Kessie before he agreed to join Barcelona earlier this week, while Hoffenheim playmaker Florian Grillitsch has recently been mentioned as another potential target. JUST IN: Edinson Cavani could've taken Man Utd to 'the next level' - Forlan The final position that Conte is looking to strengthen is believed to be in attack, with the 52-year-old eager to provide Harry Kane and Son Heung-min with some additional support when the transfer window re-opens in the summer. PSV forward Cody Gakpo is said to be among the club's list of preferred targets and is understood to be valued at around £35million by his current employers.Gakpo has enjoyed a stellar campaign to date, chipping in with 16 goals and 14 assists from 36 matches in all competitions since the beginning of the season. Tottenham are expecting to face plenty of competition to secure the 22-year-old's signature, though, with the likes of Arsenal and Bayern Munich also said to be keeping a close eye on his situation in the Netherlands. PSV director John de Jong recently conceded that he may struggle to convince Gakpo to stay beyond the end of the current campaign if the winger continues to develop on an upward trajectory over the coming weeks and months. "The interest started early in the season, when he performed well, also with the Dutch national team," he told PSV TV last month."My goal is to keep him for the season at all times. I don’t know how long we can keep him out of the hands of the big clubs in Europe. How he performs is the most important thing." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE