The former Labour leader is urging people to sign a petition demanding Mr Johnson scrap a visit to Riyadh expected to take place later this week. He said the trip must not go ahead after Saudi Arabia executed 81 men over the weekend. No10 is yet to confirm Mr Johnson is to visit the Middle East, but he is expected to travel in the coming days to hold discussions following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Britons have taken a heavy hit from the impact of the war, with the crisis contributing to an already rampant cost of living crisis. Petrol prices at the pumps hit record levels today due to supply fears caused by the conflict in Eastern Europe. Figures from data firm Experian Catalist show the average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Sunday was 163.5p, while diesel was 173.4p. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG At the same time, families are set to be crippled by energy prices soaring to as much as £3,000 this autumn due to war sparking a spike in wholesale prices. Mr Johnson is set to travel to Saudi Arabia for talks with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to help ease the cost of living crisis and reduce the UK and Europe's reliance on Russia for oil. But Mr Corbyn believes Saudi Arabia's record on human rights should stop the Government from holding talks that could help ease the burden facing many families across the country. Urging his supporters to sign a petition, he said on social media: "Boris Johnson must cancel his trip to Saudi Arabia and condemn the largest mass execution in the country’s history." On Saturday, 81 men were publicly executed in Saudi Arabia. Human rights organisations say many of those executed do not receive fair trials. DON'T MISS:Brexit deal is stopping energy bills VAT being scrapped -ARLENE FOSTER [COMMENT]Musk hits out at Russia price crisis as he challenges Putin to combat [REACTION]National Insurance: Brits to be hit with huge hike as PM ploughs on [UPDATE] It has the fifth-highest execution rate in the world, according to Amnesty International. The previous record was set in 1980 when 63 people were put to death in a single 24-hour period. The Prime Minister's spokesman today condemned the weekend's killings, saying the Government remained "firmly opposed" to the death penalty. "We will be speaking to Saudi on a range of issues, not just energy supply," he said. "The UK is firmly opposed to the death penalty in all circumstances in every country as a matter of principle. "We routinely raise human rights issues with other countries including Saudi Arabia and will be raising Saturday's executions with the government in Riyadh." However, asked if a visit to Saudi Arabia was on the cards for Mr Johnson in the coming days, he said: "I'm not able to confirm the Prime Minister's travel plans in advance. "We will out any plans in the usual way."