Glastonbury Festival is back this year after being cancelled in both 2020 and 2021 as a result of the unprecedented coronavirus pandemic. Although tickets have rolled over from the 2020 date, meaning those who snagged tickets two years ago can go this year instead, some cancelled or refunded tickets are being re-released to the public. Glastonbury has not officially announced how many resale tickets are up for grabs. In a statement on the Glastonbury website, the festival organisers said: "As in previous years, the exact number of tickets in the resale will not be announced. But it is a limited quantity." These resale tickets fall into two categories: Coach and ticket packages, and general admission tickets. However, Glastonbury is renowned for selling out in record time, so if you want to get your hands on a ticket you will need to act with haste. READ MORE: George Harrison's heartbreaking final visit with ex-wife Pattie Boyd There are two key dates to set your alarms for resale tickets. The first is for coach and tickets packages, which include entry to the festival as well as a spot on a coach to the site. The resale of coach packages will take place at 6pm (GMT) on Thursday, March 24, 2022. The second sale is for general admission tickets. DON'T MISSJames Bond's tombstone unveiled by Prime Minister where he died WATCH [REVEALED]New shock report finds men outnumber women 2 to 1 in movies [REPORT]Paul McCartney to headline Glastonbury one week after 80th birthday [INSIGHT] The resale of these tickets will take place at 9am BST on Sunday, March 27, 2022. Everyone for whom you are booking a ticket must be registered. Registration should have been completed by March 18, 2022, to allow plenty of time for the registration to be processed and resubmitted if needed. Registration then closed on Monday, March 21, 2022, at 5pm and will not reopen until after the ticket resale. The tickets will be available to purchase from the Glastonbury Festival website. Tickets cost £280 plus a £5 booking fee per person. Secure delivery of general admission tickets is charged at £9.30 postage per order. Coach package e-Ticket delivery is £2.50 per order. Coach prices are separate and will depend on the company with whom you book your transport. The deposit scheme for 2022 is closed meaning tickets bought in the resale must be paid for in full at the time of booking. Tickets bought in the coat and ticket resale, today, will be limited to two per transaction to reflect the limited number of seats available per coach. All ticket holders must have a registration number and registered postcode. In the general admission resale on March 27, people may purchase up to four tickets per transaction. However, this is only one ticket per registration. Those purchasing tickets for a group will need to ensure all members of their party have registration numbers and registered postcodes.