McLaren driver Katie Milner has joined Express Sport’s Women in Sport series and will be the third guest on the show. The show casts a focus on the crucial role women play in sport far and wide alongside the #SheCan movement. Express Sport’s Women in Sport series began a fortnight ago as BT Sport presenter Jules Breach took the hotseat. The 34-year-old said that opportunities for women in sport have increased, but admitted that more still needs to be done. Last week, Olympic boxing star Caroline Dubois came on board to talk about her experiences in sport. The 21-year-old almost won an Olympic medal in Tokyo last summer, but was ultimately defeated in the lightweight quarter-finals after losing a split decision to Sudaporn Seesondee of Thailand. But that hasn’t deterred Dubois and she is hoping to go all the way at the Paris Olympics in 2024. On Wednesday, Milner takes her turn to provide an insight into her involvement in sport. The ace began driving at the age of six by racing around fields and used big wooden blocks to reach the pedals. The 21-year-old grew up watching her father Jonny, who was a successful rally driver. Milner senior won the British Rally Championship in 2002 and 2003 in a Toyota Corolla WRC alongside co-driver Nicky Beech. At the age of 15, Katie began racing competitively and is now following in her dad’s footsteps. And she has already demonstrated a natural ability to prove herself quickly and dominantly. One of Milner junior’s biggest achievements in the early stages of her career came when she became the first female Junior Saloon Car champion in 2016. Following success in the Ginetta GT5 Challenge Series, Katie became the inaugural winner of the British Women Racing Drivers gold star driver award in 2017. And the following year she won the ladies support race at the prestigious Walter Hates Trophy meeting at Silverstone.    Her prodigious abilities caught the attention of established racer and scout Phil Glew, who helps to advise McLaren on their driver development programme. Glew recommended the youngster to McLaren and she was eventually selected to become part of their race programme in 2020. And Milner has gone on to represent the McLaren factory team in the extremely competitive and arguably the world's toughest GT series, the British GT Championship. Make sure to tune in for the show which begins at 1pm over on the Daily Express Sport Facebook page, which can be found by clicking here. 