BBC Breakfast host Sally Nugent tried her best to get answers about the detained Iranian-British citizen Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe who has recently just had her passport returned as well as updates on Britain's efforts in Ukraine. Member of Parliament Liz Truss simply shut her line of questioning down by appearing to be unable to "answer".  Dialling in virtually from Westminster to join Sally and Dan Walker on the iconic BBC sofa, viewers were stunned by the lack of information they received. Early on in the interview, it was apparent that MP Truss was not budging when it came to certain questions and that eventually, Sally had to "move on". Nugent's first hurdle came when she wanted to find out the "very latest information" on Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and if she would be returning to the UK anytime soon. Opening with "we are working very hard to secure the release" on the matter, she shortly closed the question down as she said: "I can't say any more at this stage, but it has been an absolute priority." Read More: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby?   Nugent's second question was: " We have heard this morning that negotiations are on a knife-edge, so I completely appreciate that you are in a difficult situation, you might not be able to say an awful lot. "But do you feel that the fact that she now has her passport back is that a sign to feel optimistic?" Truss replied: "As I've said, I really can't say any more at this stage; we are very clear that it is a huge priority for the government to secure the release of these detainees, including Nazanin from Iran. "I have also been very clear that the debt that we owe Iran is legitimate, and we are seeking ways to pay that, and I have focused on that since I became Foreign Secretary."    She continued with how she had met with the Iranian Foreign Minister to discuss this and ended with: "But I really can't say any more at this stage." Hoping to get more out of her, Nugent went back with: "With US sanctions remaining in place on Iran, can the UK hand over that money? How will that work with one of our closest allies? I am afraid I can't go into any details, but I have been clear that it is a legitimate debt that we do owe Iran, and we are looking for ways to pay the debt. Conscious of time, Nugent added: "Let's move on, shall we? I know that's something you are not perhaps going to elaborate on."  The morning news show viewers saw the awkward interview and took to social media to share their thoughts. @Asphalt_World tweeted: Every Tory interview starts with 'We're working really hard' followed by lots of made up stuff. #bbcbreakfast #gmb." Tom Drysdale added: "'I really can't say any more at this stage' says @trussliz on the situation with #NazaninZaghariRatcliffe! "But aren't you the Foreign Secretary? #BBCBreakfast."  "'I don't know how they'll get to the UK' Maybe that's something we could do for them Liz! #BBCBreakfast," @PennineHeather chimed in Ken Olende wanted Nugent to push more with her questioning: "Liz Truss interview on #BBCBreakfast says don’t agree with all Saudi Arabia’s policies but Putin’s bombing civilians must be stopped. "Is it scarier that journalist #SallyNugent didn’t even ask about ongoing Saudi bombing of Yemen due to ignorance or just not caring. #TrussLiz." BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between on BBC One at 6am. 