Everton are reportedly prepared to cash in on Dominic Calvert-Lewin in the summer - with both Arsenal and West Ham ready to make their move for the England star. The Toffees striker has been plagued by injuries this term and has managed just a handful of Premier League appearances this term. Calvert-Lewin enjoyed his most prolific campaign on Merseyside last year, plundering 21 goals in 39 games. He continued that red-hot form into this season, netting three times in Everton's opening three games. But the 25-year-old was sidelined for over three months with a quadriceps issue - and has struggled to hold down a regular spot in the squad or muster up any sort of form since returning from his ailment. With their star striker out of the picture, the Toffees have been dragged into a relegation battle at the foot of the Premier League under new boss, Frank Lampard. And Lampard could be prepared to sacrifice Calvert-Lewin regardless of whether or not Everton retain their top-flight status. According to The Sun, the former Chelsea chief is eager to 'overhaul' his playing squad, and is prepared to let some of the club's big-hitters depart in a bid to free up some cash for the summer. READ MORE: Harry Kane sends Wayne Rooney warning as he closes in on England record Calvert-Lewin has been a long-term target for Arsenal, who are set to resume their search for an elite No 9 when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. The Gunners tried - and failed - to strike a deal for Dusan Vlahovic in January. And despite opting to keep their powder dry in the winter market, Calvert-Lewin is one of the names on Mikel Arteta's summer wishlist as he continues his ambitious rebuilding project in north London. The Spaniard is reportedly targeting deals for Calvert-Lewin and Real Sociedad attacker Alexander Isak, as well as Wolves playmaker Ruben Neves. But the Gunners could face stiff competition from West Ham in the race to prise Calvert-Lewin away from Goodison Park. The Londoners are also set to finally sign a striker in the summer in a bid to ease the goalscoring burden on Michail Antonio. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra winArsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt The Hammers did make inquiries into a potential deal for Calvert-Lewin in January - only to be put off by Everton's eye-watering £60million demands. But with the striker's stock now considerably lower, it's anticipated that the Toffees would do business for a more modest sum. Regardless of Everton's demands, Arsenal are set to have cash to splash in the summer once again after biding their time following their failed pursuit of Vlahovic. Arteta recently talked up the prospect of signing only "top players" going forward. And with the Gunners on course to finally end their five-year exile from the Champions League, securing a top-four finish could also give their summer transfer budget a major boost.