Mike Dean is in talks over the possibility of becoming a full-time VAR official in the Premier League from next season onwards, according to reports. The 53-year-old will step down from his refereeing duties at the end of the current campaign after 22 years on the select group but is said to be keen on stepping into a new role rather than walking away from the sport entirely. Dean is widely recognised as one of the Premier League's most iconic referees as a result of his unique and controversial approach to officiating matches. He has taken charge of 553 games since making his debut in England's top flight back in 2000, issuing 114 red cards in the process.It seems as though Dean is looking to stay in the game beyond the end of the season, though, by taking up a different role after the upcoming summer break. He is currently in talks with the Professional Game Match Officials (PGMOL), the body that governs English officials, to continue in the VAR room at Stockley Park without being required to do any on-field refereeing, according to The Telegraph. The report claims that Dean was set to quit at the end of last season but was talked into staying on by PGMOL chief Mike Riley as the Premier League's younger crop of referees gained more top-flight experience this year. The organisation could be set to lose a number of their longer-term officials in the not-too-distant future, with the likes of Martin Atkinson, Jon Moss and Kevin Friend all over the age of 50. JUST IN: Arsenal and Liverpool in transfer race for £35m Gakpo but face hurdle It is said that the Premier League are yet to agree on salary details for prospective full-time VAR officials but will be looking to finalise their plans in the near future ahead of next season. PGMOL are currently in talks with a number of top-flight and Championship referees over the prospect of switching to full-time VAR roles later this year.Dean admitted back in 2020 that he was nearing the end of his refereeing career in a tell-all interview with That Peter Crouch Podcast. "It's all about my fitness, that's the problem," he said when quizzed on when he would be hanging up his whistle for the final time. "The older you get, you don't recover as quick. I used to be able to do Saturday, Tuesday, Saturday, Tuesday. If I do Saturday, Saturday now I'm probably just about right for the Saturday."I'm not as fast as I used to be, I know that in myself. I've just got to try and work harder to get in the right position. It's so hard, the recovery. God knows what I'll do when I can't referee again." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here