Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has created the biggest refugee crisis in Europe since World War Two. Nearly three million people are estimated to have fled the war since February 24, with the UK Government facing criticism for the speed and scale of its help for Ukrainian's. However, under new plans that were announced on Sunday, UK households will be paid a monthly fee to host refugees from the eastern European territory. The Government hopes tens of thousands of displaced people will benefit from the Homes for Ukraine refugee scheme. Individuals will be able to nominate a named person or family to stay with them rent-free, or in another property, for at least six months, and will be offered £350 a month for doing so. There will be no need for sponsors to know the refugees in advance and an unlimited number of people will be able to come through this route. READ MORE: 'No patriotism' Britons fury at new Lib Dem Rejoin EU campaign  Anyone interested in participating would need to make an application online, with both sponsors being vetted and refugees having to go through security checks. As a “thank you” the sponsor would receive a payment of £350 a month. Currently, only those fleeing the conflict who have family connections in the UK are able to make an application via the Ukraine Family Scheme.  The BBC has reported that the initial hosts and refugees will be matched this week, allowing the first Ukrainians to arrive in the UK through this route in about two weeks' time. In a later phase of the process, organisations such as charities and churches will also be able to sponsor refugees, though there is no start date for this yet. Meanwhile, local authorities will receive £10,500 in extra funding per refugee for support services - with more for children of school age. Michael Gove, the Levelling Up Secretary, will make a statement in Parliament later to set out further details.  DON'T MISS: POLL: Would you provide a room for a Ukrainian refugee? VOTE HERE [POLL]Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [NEWS]Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim [INSIGHT] A website to express an interest in being a sponsor will launch on Monday. More details about the website are expected to be revealed during Mr Gove’s speech to MPs. According to figures from the United Nations (UN), 2,698,280 people have now fled Ukraine - correct as of March 12 - since Russia invaded last month.  An estimated 1,655,503 people have fled over Ukraine’s western border into neighbouring Poland - the country which has taken in the most refugees. Hungary, Slovakia and Moldova are among the other nations to have accepted hundreds of thousands of people escaping the war. In comparison, the British Government has said it’s granted visas to just 3,000 Ukrainians so far. At present, anyone fleeing the war is being advised they do not need documents to get into neighbouring countries. However, they should preferably have their internal or foreign travel passports, birth certificates of children travelling with them, and medical documentation. 