Sue Johnston, 78, has revealed how she has all but given up on dating men. The Royle Family star played Jim’s wife in the popular sitcom and has had two failed marriages in her personal life. The 78-year-old vowed to stop dating men for good following the breakdown of her two marriages. In 2017, Sue opened up about her previous relationships in a candid interview with The Mirror, in which she admitted to having been single since her second marriage, to David Pammenter, ended in 1980. The TV veteran said she was a “happy” singleton. Sue explained: “I'm very happily single. I’ve had the love of my life and I’ve had the s*** of my life.” READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz    Sue added: “And I wouldn’t want it any more. “I love being on my own with my dogs.” Sadly, Sue’s eight-year-old German Shepherd Betsy had to be put down after she was diagnosed with cancer last year. The actress was, unfortunately, away filming sitcom The Cockfields at the time and couldn’t be there with Betsy at the end. About her single life, Sue continued: “I wouldn’t ever want for a man to live in my house or be in my bed.” However, Sue did mention that she would be open to companionship. She said: “If I did meet someone it would be someone I would go to the theatre with, or go to dinner with. “As long as he paid. I like to be in charge of my own house.” DON’T MISS: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Don't care what I look like!' Cameron Diaz on 'never washing her face' [LATEST]Cillian Murphy wife: How wife Yvonne gets 'frustrated' with actor [NEWS]  The former Coronation Street actress recently featured in an episode of Channel 4 series, Extraordinary Escapes with Sandi Toksvig, where they took a memorable trip to Cornwall together. The mother-of-one first married her drama school beau, Neil Johnston, when she was 24 but the marriage broke down. She then tied the knot with David Pammenter in 1976 and they share a son, Joel, but the marriage ended after four years. In 2011, Sue told listeners on Chris Evans’ BBC Radio 2 show she had a crush on footballer Steven Gerrard, who was 31 at the time. She joked: “The sort of men I fancy are so young they don’t fancy me because they think I’m their mother and I wouldn’t like to put it to the test. “When I’m faced with Steven Gerrard, I give him a little hug and think ‘Phwoar!’ but he thinks ‘Here comes granny!’” However, she also said that the real loves of her life were The Beatles and she went to many of their shows.