It’s a day which is now celebrated across the world but you would think that people from the island of Ireland would want to celebrate at home. Well just for the benefit of readers outside of Northern Ireland, I thought I would try and explain what happens every St Patrick’s day. And it is this – anybody who is anybody leaves the island of Ireland and heads to America! Yes, politicians, influencers (whatever they are) and business people from both sides of the border, including myself when I was a minister (because if I hadn’t it would have been an international incident) leave their homes and celebrate our patron saint 1000s of miles away. During the couple of days when the Irish descend on Washington and other assorted cities the green beer is in full flow and in Chicago the very river is turned green. It is a green fest and if you come from the unionist tradition believe me it’s a very uncomfortable situation. Americans are tone deaf to anybody that is Northern Irish or heaven forbid British during St Patrick’s day. It has been decreed that in order to celebrate a man who 1500 years ago left Britain and travelled to Ireland as a slave; a man who brought Christianity to Ireland, we should all wave shamrocks, and tri-colours and tell the British to get out of Ireland – which is more than ironic as Patrick came from Britain! This year as usual there was the Speakers' lunch - always a grand affair on Capitol Hill. The Speaker at present is Nancy Pelosi who has been a very aggressive Irish nationalist – she doesn’t even pretend, as some do, to care about diversity in Northern Ireland. This year she treated us to a poem from Bono – she could have picked a poem from some of our greats like Seamus Heaney but no we had a poem from Bono. In his poem Bono likened Ireland to Ukraine and President Zelensky was the new St. Patrick, (I’m not joking) and she then finished it all off by introducing Riverdance! You couldn’t make it up. Totally doolally as we would say in Ulster. Then as if that was not bad enough the President himself who loves to talk about his “Orish” heritage said that “I may be Irish but I’m not stupid…..” – hardly a ringing endorsement of being Irish… He then went on to refer to the Prime Minister of England, (not the UK) and said that the Belfast Agreement could not be changed – it has been a number of times, e.g., the St. Andrews Agreement. Detailed commentary is clearly not Biden’s strong point. In 2016, as First Minister of Northern Ireland, I had planned to leave Washington early before all the greenery really kicked in. I had been meeting businesses and inward investors, but was persuaded by officials to stay and listen to then-President Obama’s speech as he wanted to recognise me as the first female First Minister in Northern Ireland. Against my better judgement I did and as it was 2016, I was treated to a speech about how wonderful, the Declaration of Independence was from 1916 when Irish rebels rose up against the British state and cherished, we were told, “all of the people of Ireland” – all of course unless you are British. I took it as a calculated insult to me representing the people of NI. The harsh reality is that especially since Biden became President the understanding and nuance of what happens in Northern Ireland has been pushed back decades. Biden wears his “Orishness” on his sleeve and once refused to speak to the British Broadcasting Corporation because, and I quote “I’m Irish”. Then there was the time when as vice president he told the then Irish PM, Enda Kenny that he was welcome as long as he wore green there was no space for orange, i.e., people like me. Apparently, it was a joke. Hilarious. In the US administration of today, there is zero recognition of the fact that a majority of people in Northern Ireland are very content to be British and value the Union of the United Kingdom – what we don’t value is being insulted by people who get their understanding of NI straight from the ladybird book of Irish republicanism. Unionists, British citizens who live in Northern Ireland, are being gaslighted by Biden, Pelosi and others – it is as if to them we don’t exist. Well, I do exist, I’m not going away, and the majority of citizens in NI exist and wish to remain in the UK, like any national, logical, person would. Time to take off the green-tinted glasses in America and time for our British diplomats to get a grip and remind the US that NI is an integral part of the UK.