Will Smith faced backlash after taking to the Oscars 2022 stage to slap presenter Chris Rock after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith's, alopecia. The veteran Hollywood actor walked up to Rock and delivered a strong blow to his head, with the presenter laughing as Will Smith walked back to his seat. Good Morning Britain's Noel Phillips said he had been told not to ask questions about the incident as he met with attendees following the ceremony, with star Kevin Costner completely avoiding questions about Will Smith. Costner insisted he "was backstage" when the explosive exchange happened. Mr Phillips said: "A lot of these really big-names celebrities don't want to be addressing the issue of Will Smith and Chris Rock. "While I was asking the questions, I was getting poked in my back by Kevin Costner's manager." The admission stunned presenter Susanna Reid, who commented: "That's absolutely remarkable. JUST IN: 'Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth' Will Smith hits Chris Rock at Oscars 2022  "So you had the manager actually saying, 'don't ask the questions?'" Will Smith walked up the stage to confront Chris Rock after he appeared to mock Jada Pinkett Smith, however, it is not clear whether the actor was aware of her suffering from the condition causing hair loss. The comedian had his hands behind his back when Smith threw an open hand at his face that produced an audible smack, and in a form befitting an action movie star. The audience laughed at the exchange thinking it was part of a skit, as Rock himself appeared to be laughing as he said: "Oh, wow! Wow. Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me." READ MORE: 'Can't use excuse of defending her' Susanna Reid furious at Will Smith's Oscars 'assault'  Smith replied: "Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth." Pinkett Smith told Billboard in December she has been battling the autoimmune disorder alopecia, which can cause hair loss and balding. Smith later returned to the stage to accept the award for Best Actor for his performance as Richard Williams, father to tennis stars Venus and Serena William. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles [THEORY] The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Venus Williams puts on eye-popping display in low-cut gown at Oscars [INSIGHT] The actor delivered his speech through tears, saying: "Richard Williams was a fierce defender of his family. "Art imitates life - I look like the crazy father, just like they said about Richard Williams. But love will make you do crazy things." He added: "I hope the Academy invites me back." The Academy did not say whether Smith would be invited back for future shows, but said on Twitter, "The Academy does not condone violence of any form."