 Bradley Walsh welcomed four new contestants onto The Chase on Monday afternoon. Emma, Jonathan, Lizz, and Brian were the players taking on Chaser Shaun Wallace in a bid to win a cash prize. However, the ITV quiz host came under fire in the last round of the show when he failed to accept one contestant’s answer in the Final Chase.    Emma, Lizz, and Brian all managed to make it through to the final round of the ITV quiz show with a combined cash prize of £66,000. Brian had contributed the most to the fund, having earned £54,000 in his head to head with the Chaser. Quiz host Bradley made it clear he was impressed by the group’s performance so far. “£66,000 means £22,000 each should they outrun the Chaser one more time,” he enthused. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing    However, Bradley soon faced criticism from fans when he hindered the team's chances of winning in the final. As the team answered quick fire questions in the Final Chase, Bradley asked one about the famous puppeteer Jim Henson. “What Jim Henson TV show was first seen in the UK in…” the host began, before Brian quickly buzzed in with an answer. “Muppets,” Brian said, however Bradley revealed the correct answer was: “The Muppet Show”.   As the team’s quick fire round came to a conclusion, Bradley addressed the Muppets themed question. “Bad luck with The Muppets as well, The Muppet Show,” he said. “Yeah, it was unlucky,” Shaun agreed, before praising the team for how well they’d done. “Brilliant performance from the team, especially Brian. That was fantastic,” the Chaser added. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Chas Dingle star speaks out on ‘awful’ fight scene [INSIGHT]Jane McDonald endures ‘awkward’ reunion with man from her past [WATCH]Gen Z student blasts claims 'woke' youth wouldn't fight for country [UPDATE]   However, fans of the show quickly flocked to Twitter to accuse Bradley of being “harsh” by not accepting Brian’s answer as correct. “Why didn't he accept ‘The Muppets’ or ask for a bit more? #TheChase,” @RisingPhoenix40 questioned. “A tad harsh not allowing the Muppets! #TheChase,” @EdgarIrene said. “‘Bad luck on the muppets’ says Brad. Ooooft I'd be flipping tables at that decision #TheChase,” @Lockiebaws wrote. “‘The Muppets’ AKA 'The Muppet Show’ unnecessarily harsh! #thechase,” @BeeE2002 fumed.    However, other viewers swiftly came to Bradley’s defence insisting he was right not to accept the answer. “No, he couldn't have allowed ‘The Muppets’ You know why? BECAUSE IT WAS THE WRONG F***ING ANSWER #TheChase,” @RikLivetweet raged. “Can we not blame Bradley for not accepting Muppets? He didn't write the question FFS! He has people in his earpiece telling him what answer is or isn't acceptable! #TheChase,” @MissLionHeart commented. Thankfully the Muppets themed question didn’t matter as the team successfully outran the Chaser anyway. The trio of contestants won the episode and took home £22,000 each. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 