Arsenal legend Nigel Winterburn reckons the Gunners are unlikely to be able to prise Tammy Abraham away from Roma this summer. Winterburn's former team-mate Ian Wright claimed earlier this week that Abraham would be the ideal striker for Mikel Arteta. Arsenal are set to be in the market for a forward in the next transfer window. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both out of contract at the end of the season and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang departed the club in January. Abraham was linked with a move to the Emirates last summer but instead joined Roma from Chelsea. Speaking on Wrighty's House this week, Wright explained how the 24-year-old would fit in at Arsenal. Wright said: "If he came to Arsenal, I think Arsenal would play directly for him. He'd link up the play and he's got that energy to get in the box. READ MORE: Man Utd star Rashford tipped to take 'two-month break' as he 'doesn’t want to play'  "Tammy has the hunger to finish the chances that Arsenal are not finishing right now. They are making chances but someone is not in there taking them. "Tammy is at that stage now where he would be in there gobbling all that up. I think so [he’s ready now]. Absolutely. He’s gone to Roma and it’s a massive club and he’s the main man, he was from the first game.” Winterburn is a fan of Abraham, who has scored 15 goals in his first campaign in Serie A. But he cannot see why Roma, or Abraham, would want a move to happen this summer. Winterburn told FreeSuperTips: "Back in the summer when he was moving, there was a link with Arsenal, I don’t know how strong, but he fits into the bill of what Arsenal were trying to do. A young player with huge potential, so my opinion doesn’t change that he would have been a great option for Arsenal. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'begin charm offensive' to beat two clubs to Darwin Nunez transfer  "I would suggest that if he’s enjoying himself, then he wouldn’t want to move. He’s playing regular football, so I don’t feel like he would move back to England next season. "I don’t see why he would move back, sometimes when you move and get that freedom, that game time you wanted and scoring goals it does wonders for you. I always remember Arsene Wenger saying that Nicolas Anelka felt he moved two years too early. "I’m not expecting Tammy Abraham to move, someone’s taken a chance on him and he’s repaying that faith. But let’s wait and see, I imagine he’ll be looked at because he’s young and someone who will be on an upwards trajectory, so there’s always going to be interest. "I would be surprised if Roma wanted to sell him on, I think he’ll want that security and continue to enjoy himself next season."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here