The host of the BBC show The Wall, Danny Dyer, was outraged during the celebrity special as the balls seemed to be against the guests from the start. Joining the EastEnders star on the show were comedians Shappi Khorsandi and Ellie Taylor as they attempted to tackle the biggest opponent on TV.  Khorsandi considered herself the brains of their operation and went into isolation to answer the questions behind the Wall after the pair secured just over £7,000 to start with. Leaving Taylor to take on the Wall, the pair aimed to raise funds for the charities Hospice UK, RNLI The Lifeboat Charity, and Helena's Hospice Foundation. As the show progressed, one moment left the host gobsmacked with how cruel The Wall was. Dropping the counter into dropzone seven, aiming to score a high amount, the counter firmly made its way to the far opposite side to land in the low amount of only £1. Read More: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp, Jayne Middlemiss and Ortis Deley now?   Stating that they wanted "50 grand", Dyer was left grunting as it bounced down the board to the measly amount. Angered by the final amount, he walked off set saying: "Right, I'm gonna shoot off, I'll sees ya later, I'm gonna do Tipping Point." The audience let out a laugh before Dyer picked himself up and sulked back on, adding: "It's the worst The Wall's ever been." Unable to believe her luck, Taylor added: "Have you ever seen a game this bad?"   "No, I haven't. I've never seen it go from seven to a pound over there!" he replied in disbelief. This was just one of the many blows they suffered as the prize pot slowly dwindled throughout the outing. Jesting as they started the programme, the comedy duo had been friends for many years and planned to "make lots of money" on the show. Khorsandi introduced the pair: "We have worked the comedy circuit together." DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Daniel Osbourne begins affair with former flame? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale return for Megan Macey after Laurel betrayal in Kim Tate twist? [SPOILERS]Donny Osmond explains why he handed over iconic hit to Michael Jackson [LATEST]    With Taylor adding: "There isn't a dingy place we haven't been together." The Wall was not their friend and left the pair with zero in the bank, with Taylor hoping that her counterpart would sign the contract and not tear it up. Their freefall amount was £7,314, and gaining additional money for every question they got right, they ended up with a potential £14,814. Dyer said: "It's a lot of money. I know it's been a bit of a disaster, but 14 grand for your charities is..." Down on her luck, Taylor finished his sentence: "Would be amazing."   The television personality wanted self-proclaimed "risk-taker" Khorsandi to avoid ripping up the contract, and she joined her back on set.  She revealed she had torn the contract up in a heart to heart, which left the two in dismay.  Trying to not let the show end on a low, Dyer added: "We will give you five grand to split between your charities."  The Wall airs at 7pm on BBC One on Saturday. 