The 94th Academy Awards ceremony was overshadowed by the altercation between Will Smith and Chris Rock. After Chris poked fun at Jada Smith's appearance and referred to her as GI Jane due to her shaved head, Will stormed onto the stage and slapped him in the face. As he returned to his seat, he shouted across to Chris to keep Jada's name out of his mouth. Quick to respond to the incident, The Late Late Show presenter, James Corden, took the opportunity to poke fun at the drama. During Monday night's show, viewers were treated to a skit from James and his co-stars. He began by sitting down with "producers" to discuss what they thought the standout moments from the Oscars were to talk about during the episode. As one of the members began to discuss the incident which happened between Will and Chris, James interrupted and sang: "We don’t talk about Jada, no, no, no. "You saw what happened, we have to talk about something else." READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Not wanting to let the incident be brushed over, the producer argued back: "James, we have to acknowledge…" but he interrupted and stressed: "No, we don’t talk about Jada." Without warning, he broke into song to the tune of Encanto's, We Don't Talk About Bruno. The lyrics included lines such as: "Will Smith rose up from the floor, second time that night, no one in the room was bored, I know what comes next but anyway, we don’t talk about Jada, no, no, no." Audience members were left in hysterics while many fans at home posted on social media to praise James for his comedy and lightheartedness of the incident. Posting on Twitter, @archan_21 commented: "They didn't talk but rather sanf a song about Jada! And that's how they do it HAHA!" User @moneydecoded added: "This is awesome!!" @VeronicaSam13 said: "This was priceless, James!" alongside multiple laughing faces. @midnightmerchant praised: "Man you guys are QUICK! Well done!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Alec Baldwin offers support to Chris Rock after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT]Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [LATEST]Chris Rock ‘hasn’t settled anything’ with Will Smith after Oscars 2022 [NEWS] Since the incident, Will has made a public apology on his Instagram page. A statement read: "I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line, and I was wrong. "I am embarrassed, and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness. "I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. "I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us." Will concluded his apology by saying: "I am a work in progress." He also turned off comments on the post. The Academy has condemned Will's actions and launched a formal review into the incident. They said in a statement: "The Academy does not condone violence of any form. "Tonight, we are delighted to celebrate our 94th Academy Awards winners, who deserve this moment of recognition from their peers and movie lovers around the world." In a statement obtained by Variety, the Los Angeles Police Department has said that Chris "has declined to file a police report". "If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report," the statement added. James Corden’s The Late Late Show airs on Mondays on NBC in the US.