Elected in 2019, the former comedian and actor has shown his skill at delivering rousing speeches to Ukrainians and those around the world following the war waged by Russia. President Zelenksky has chosen to stay in Ukraine and is currently thought to be in Kyiv while the fighting continues throughout the city and country. During his inauguration speech in 2019: “Starting today, every one of us bears responsibility for Ukraine which we will leave to our children. Each of us, in our places, can do something for the development of Ukraine. “A European country starts with everyone. Yes, we have chosen a [political] direction to Europe, but Europe is not somewhere there, Europe is here [points to his head]. “And when Europe is here, it will come to our country. It will be in Ukraine. “This is our shared dream, but we have shared pains. Each of us died in the Donbas. "Every day we lose one of us, and each of us is internally displaced. Those who lost their own homes and those who in turn, opened the doors of their homes, sharing this pain. “And each of us is a migrant worker. Those who didn’t manage to find their place at home but found earnings in a foreign country. “Those who, fighting poverty, had to lose their dignity. But we will overcome all of this, for each of us is a Ukrainian. “We are all Ukrainians. There’s no less of a Ukrainian or more of a Ukrainian, the right Ukrainian or wrong Ukrainian, we are all Ukrainians. “From Uzhhhorod to Luhansk, from Chernihiv to Simferopol, in Lviv, Kharkiv, in Donetsk, Dnipro, and Odessa - we are all Ukrainians.”  READ MORE: 'Defensive' Putin humiliated as Ukraine 'stands strong'- body language When addressing the Russian people - in Russian - as the war began last week: “You have been told that this flame will bring liberation to Ukraine’s people. “But the Ukrainian people are free. They remember their own past and will build their own future. “They build, they do not destroy, as they themselves have told you day after day on television. “The Ukraine in your news and the Ukraine of real life are two entirely different places, and the difference is that the latter is real. “They tell you that we’re Nazis. But how can a people that lost eight million lives to defeat the Nazis support Nazism? How can I be a Nazi? "Say it to my grandfather, who fought in World War 2 as a Soviet infantryman and died a colonel in an independent Ukraine. "They tell you that we hate Russian culture. How can one hate a culture? Any culture? Neighbours always enrich each other’s cultures. “However, we are not part of one whole. You cannot swallow us up. We are different. “But this difference is not a reason for enmity. We want to determine our own course and build our own history: peacefully, calmly, and honestly." When the USA offered Zelensky a chance to escape Ukraine: “The fight is here; I need ammunition, not a ride.”  DON'T MISSPutin gives off 'weak' energy with major ‘tantrum’ [INSIGHT]Russia cuts off water supplies as horror plans laid bare [REPORT]Brexit blamed for war in Ukraine! 'Vote for Brexit was vote for war' [INSIGHT] When addressing the European Parliament from his war bunker in Ukraine: “Ukrainians are incredible. “And very often we love to say that we win over everyone, and I’m very happy that you are not only talking about it, but you can see that. “And we indeed, we will overcome everyone.” He continued: “We are Ukrainians We have a desire to see our children alive. “I think it’s a fair one. Yesterday, 16 children were killed. And again, and again, President Putin is going to say that is some kind of operation and we are hitting a military infrastructure, where children, what kind of military factories do they work at? “What tanks are they going with or launching cruise missiles? “He killed 16 people just yesterday. Our people are very much motivated. Very much so. “We are fighting for our rights. For our freedoms. For life. For our life. “And now, we’re fighting for survival. And this is the highest of our motivation. “But we are fighting also to be equal members of Europe I believe that today we are showing everybody that’s exactly what we are.”