  Al Arabiya reported that a “series of explosions” impacted the city following missile attacks, citing Kurdish sources. PM Masrour Barzani said “We won’t bow for the cowards. I strongly condemn tonight’s multiple attacks on Erbil, and ask the civilians to follow the instructions of the security forces.” According to Deputy Minister Hiwa Afandi, more than three explosions were heard but Erbil International Airport, where US military forces are stationed, was not believed to be the target. Speaking to Kurdistan 24 on Sunday, a US State Department spokesperson said: "We condemn this outrageous attack (in Erbil) and display of violence." The added: "There is no damage or casualties at any US Government facility."  He tweeted: “The missiles used this time were different, bigger, more accurate and I believe require proper launch systems.” Mr Afandi, citing US sources, reported that none of the missiles had hit their targets and at time of writing no casualties have been reported. According to reports, several citizens have been injured in Erbil governorate by shrapnel from the missile which is reported to have come from Iran. The advisor to Iran's nuclear negotiating team in Vienna, Mohammad Marandi  gloated online following the attack claiming the attack was "just the beginning". This is not the first time that Erbil has been attacked. READ MORE:US intel warns UK 'in frontline' of Russia nuclear attack  Last year in April, an explosive-laden drone hit the coalition’s Iraq headquarters in the military part of the airport at Erbil. Then in May, an explosive drone hit the Ain Al Asad airbase housing US troops in western Iraq, and three more struck near Baghdad International Airport, where US soldiers are based, on June 9. According to Kurdistan 24 reporter Barzan Sadiq, the Kurdistan 24 studio in the area was reportedly damaged in the attack as well. The missile attack came as negotiations to return to the JCPOA nuclear deal with Iran stalled in Vienna.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Harry's heartbreak over UK visit as 'mentor' unwellDeutsche Bank warns Swift ban on Russia will ‘complicate trade'Queen’s teenage job to be honoured during Platinum Jubilee  EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell tweeted on Friday that the talks in Vienna needed a “pause,” due to “external factors.” Mr Borrell added that a final text is “essentially ready and on the table.” Iranian foreign ministry spokesman Saeed Khatibzadeh stated on Saturday that there were at least one or two key issues that the US and Iran had not yet reached an agreement on. He added that the two states disagree on how sanctions should be lifted, with Iran wanting more sectors released from sanctions and the US wanting less. Iraq's Prime Minister Mustafa Al-Kadhimi has pledged to open an investigarion into the attack 