 Formula 1: Drive to Survive gives viewers exclusive, intimate access to those working in one of the world's greatest racing competitions. In its fourth season, the series shows changes teams undergo after an ownership change and the pressure felt to outperform other drivers. Formula One racer Jenson Button has criticised the show for its “fake” drama within F1.    Jenson became champion of the 2018 season of the Super GT Series alongside Naoki Yamamoto, with whom he shared a Honda racing car at Team Kunimitsu. The popular sports star has been known for his "smooth" and "precise" style of driving, which is often praised by fans. Comparing his personal experience racing in Formula One to what is shown in the Netflix series, he slammed the show for its lack of purity. The 42-year-old began: “I’m a purist, so I don’t like anything that’s not correct. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales  “This has been my world for so many years, I know what’s fake and what isn’t: when a tyre squeal isn’t a tyre squeal,” he explained. “When the commentary isn’t actually the commentary for the race." However, he did praise the show for raising awareness of the sport, admitting: "But I understand it as well. “It’s brought in a lot of fans around the world who might not have been fans before."   The TV star added to Metro: “I thank them for that, but as a purist…I like watching Sky Sports F1 to be fair, that’s where I am and I know it’s truthful. “It’s entertainment, which is good,” the popular racing pundit concluded. Jenson said his love for racing began at an early age, when he began to follow in the footsteps of some of his idols. He said: “I respected a lot of drivers growing up and obviously being British, Nige [Mansell], I followed through his career."  “The driver that I liked was probably Alain Prost. “His smooth style, the professor they used to call him, he’s very good at setting up a car. “Thinking his way through a race, not just about being fast, he technically was very, very good.   “He could win races by experience and by thinking, mostly." The expert went on to add how his style of driving was “subconsciously” mirrored by Ellen. He said: “I wouldn’t call myself the professor, but I definitely try to be smooth and precise with my driving." Formula 1: Drive to Survive season 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now. 