The state pension itself provides support to retired Britons, but there may be other help available. This is particularly the case for older Britons who are living with health conditions. One payment which may offer assistance is Attendance Allowance. It is specifically designed to help those over state pension age who have a condition severe enough that they require help. One such condition is joint pain, which affects millions of people across the UK - albeit in differing degrees. The NHS states joint pain can usually be a result of injury or arthritis, but can also affect older people specifically. READ MORE: State pension: Women may miss out on £50,000 due to 'car crash' error People could have one joint or multiple affected by their condition, which may limit their mobility. Pain may also make it difficult to carry out day-to-day tasks, and could mean Britons need further help. As a result, depending on the severity of the condition, individuals could be eligible for Attendance Allowance. The payment is issued weekly at two different rates - and what a person gets depends on the support they need. DON'T MISSInheritance tax alert: Rishi Sunak may target reliefs and hike IHT [ANALYSIS]Rishi Sunak’s ‘tax raid’ may mean you pay £255 per year more [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak could SLASH pension tax-free cash in looming statement [INSIGHT] What is good about this payment is that it is not means-tested. This means what someone earns or how much they have in savings will not impact the sum they receive. The lower rate of Attendance Allowance means people need help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night. Currently, the payment is worth £60 per week. The higher rate of £89.60 is for those who need help or supervision throughout both day and night, or the terminally ill. As such, Britons could be entitled to up to £358 per month to assist them. However, this form of financial support is not the only help available to Attendance Allowance claimants. People could get extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or Council Tax Reduction, also. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They will need to check with the helpline or office which deals with their benefit. Attendance Allowance must be claimed through a claims form process. Once the form is filled out, Britons can send it to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance. Attendance Allowance can be backdated the date a person first claims it. This is usually the date the form is received, or the date the enquiry line is called - as long as the claim pack is returned within six weeks.