Nike remains fully committed to its partnership with Chelsea in spite of the government sanctions handed down to Roman Abramovich on Thursday, according to reports. The Blues appear to be facing an uncertain future after the 55-year-old, who has owned the club since 2003, saw his assets frozen in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The sanctions have left Chelsea unable to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts due to the new measures, which have left supporters unable to attend games unless they are season ticket holders. The European champions will also be forced to spend no more than £20,000 on travel to away matches as part of their 'licence' to continue operating as a club. Chelsea were ditched by shirt sponsor Three in the wake of Thursday's news, with the telecom brand quickly moving to suspend its deal with the Blues as a result of their current situation. It went from bad to worse on Friday, though, when the club's own bank accounts were frozen to leave them with a potentially crippling financial issue to add to their existing problems. However, Nike has already decided to continue its partnership with Chelsea for the foreseeable future in spite of the ongoing saga, according to The Athletic. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick receives triple injury boost for Tottenham The Blues signed a 15-year kit deal with Nike, which is estimated to be worth around £60million each season, back in 2016. The American sportswear giant produces their match kits, training gear and replica kits for supporters, although no merchandise can be sold by the club until further notice as a result of the current restrictions. Chelsea issued a statement in response to the sanctions on Thursday in which they outlined their desire to explore the possibility of amending their 'licence' conditions in the near future. "Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK government," read the statement. "By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. "However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. "We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. "This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the Club to operate as normal as possible. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities."The Club will update further when it is appropriate to do so." It remains to be seen how the situation at Chelsea will unfold over the coming weeks and months as they look to get to grips with their new restrictions. Abramovich purchased the club in 2003 and transformed them into one of European football's biggest powerhouses before announcing his intention to sell up in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine earlier this month. A consortium led by American billionaire Todd Boehly and Swiss business magnate Hansjorg Wyss is already said to have tabled an offer for the Blues, while New York Jets owner Woody Johnson, British billionaire Nick Candy and Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak are also said to be in the running to buy the club. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here