A Place In The Sun newcomer Craig Rowe has spoken candidly about his career in television and property, as the presenter addressed his time working in a restaurant in London's Covent Garden. The Channel 4 host admitted he only lasted a few hours in his role before he walked out and "never went back". Craig explained that he had a "horrible" experience after he secured a job working as a waiter at a newly-opened restaurant. The presenter revealed that after a successful interview he was given the gig but didn't get what he had bargained for when he originally signed up for the role. He explained that it happened years ago when the presenter was in his early twenties. The now property expert admitted he was left "paranoid" after he made a swift exit without their knowledge. READ MORE: Rihanna causes a stir as pregnant star steps out in risqué lace thong Craig began: "It was my first waiting job. I went for the interview, they really liked me and asked if I could start. "I went along and they were really behind for [the restaurant] opening. I think it was a Wednesday and they were due to open on a Thursday." While Craig admittedly wanted to work as a waiter he explained he was left doing different jobs around the restaurant. "They were getting me to clean down in the basement behind these old fridges," he recalled.  "Also, they were being really horrible. I was only young - around 20-years-old." The small-screen star revealed that when it got to his lunch break he walked out and "never went back". Craig said: "It got to lunchtime on my first day and they were like, 'I suppose we better give you a break.' "I went out on lunch and never went back. That was before mobiles. They couldn't reach me." DON'T MISS... Demi Moore, 59, is the image of ageless beauty in black jumpsuit[LATEST]Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks[ADMISSION]Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement[TV] The presenter admitted he was later mortified by his decision and was "scared" that he hadn't returned to work after his break. Craig recalled: "I told my flatmates if [the restaurant] called just say you don't know what happened to me. It was almost 30 years ago and I still remember feeling so scared about not going back. "I just couldn't do it. I didn't like them, I didn't like the place. I thought get me the hell out of there." The TV star explained that whenever he returned to Covent Garden he remained cautious. He chuckled: "I think they were like, 'if we ever see that Craig...' "Whenever I was in Covent Garden with friends, I was paranoid that they would see me and say,  'Oh it's you. Come back here.'" The presenter revealed he has had a number of jobs under his belt before he ventured into property and now is a regular on Channel 4. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm. 