For Elvis Presley, Viva Las Vegas was simply the next film he was starring in to further his career. Earlier in 1964, he had been the main star of Kissin' Cousins, and later on, he would star in Roustabout. At the time, he was doing around three feature films every year, so he was used to having the spotlight on him at all times. But when Ann-Margret came into the picture, everything changed for the legendary singer. Elvis and Ann-Margret met just before filming began for Viva Las Vegas, and they hit it off instantly. Before long, their relationship had progressed into a romantic love affair. They would go on to be together for over a year - despite the fact Priscilla Presley (Beaulieu at the time) was waiting for the King at Graceland. But Viva Las Vegas was a big step in Ann-Margret's career. The picture was her fifth movie of all time, and the first big feature since her smash hit Bye Bye Birdie. And Elvis was not the only person who took a shine to Ann-Margret. So, too, did the film's director. Viva Las Vegas' director George Sidney allegedly gave Ann-Margret "favourable" camera angles at the expense of Elvis during filming. According to Red West, a member of Elvis' Memphis Mafia, the King would "complain bitterly that the son of a b***h was trying to cut him out of the picture". Eventually, the complaints made their way to Elvis' manager, Colonel Tom Parker. Elvis' boss took the star's disdain to George himself, where the pair had some stern words for one another. READ MORE: Tommy Steele wanted 'forgiveness' from Elvis Presley after secret meet According to Elvis' biographer, Peter Guralnick, Parker reportedly went to the film's producers to remind them what was what. He explained to them that this was an "Elvis Presley picture" and it should focus on him, nobody else. While the producers argued that featuring Ann-Margret at the forefront of the film would bring an entirely new audience to the movie, Parker disagreed. Guralnick even claimed Parker pulled "two of the three duets" from the movie. Eventually, Elvis got his way. DON'T MISS...Tommy Steele wanted 'forgiveness' from Elvis Presley after secret meet [INFO]Elvis Presley: Iconic song was written by gruesome horror movie's star [INSIGHT]Elvis' life was 'made easier' by Ann-Margret [NEWS] By the time Viva Las Vegas was released Elvis had six songs in the film. Meanwhile, Ann-Margret had just two solo songs. Ann-Margret has never publicly commented on how this made her feel, but she did go on to expand her career greatly after working with Elvis. Not only did she have a thriving film career after Viva Las Vegas, but she also enjoyed a strong residency slot in Las Vegas in the 1970s - including up until Elvis died. And, despite Elvis and Ann-Margret's behind-the-scenes disagreement, the couple continued their relationship away from the cameras. They went out riding motorcycles together, spent days together in Elvis' suite, and remained together for long after the film had wrapped. Eventually, they split up after Priscilla found out about their affair. SOURCE