Steve McClaren has tipped Erik ten Hag for bigger and better things with the Dutchman in contention to take over at Manchester United - and has even likened him to Old Trafford icon Sir Alex Ferguson. Ten Hag may have only recently seen his stock rise as manager of Ajax, helping lead them to two Eredivisie titles, but there are some who have been aware of his talents as a coach for well over a decade. After retiring from his playing career in 2002 while playing with FC Twente, Ten Hag swiftly began his coaching career and worked as an assistant at the Dutch club before McClaren arrived. The former England boss admits to the Telegraph that he "had never seen anything like" the level of planning Ten Hag had in place after their first meeting ahead of pre-season training. Not only that, McClaren even likened Ten Hag to Ferguson, stating the "only other one I would have seen" analyse games as well in real-time was the legendary United boss. McClaren spent two years as Ferguson's assistant at United from 1999 to 2001 where the pair won every title the club contested in during that time. Since Ferguson's retirement though, United have been soul searching trying to bring in the right kind of manager. A decision on Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's long-term replacement has been delayed until the end of the season, with Ralf Rangnick in charge on a temporary basis until then. JUST IN: Man Utd star Nemanja Matic admits atmosphere at club 'not fantastic'  Ten Hag has since emerged as the frontrunner, along with Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino. But McClaren has explained exactly what kind of manager United would be getting if they went down the route of appointing Ten Hag. “His great strength lies not just in his attention to detail and organisation,” he added. "He has a clear philosophy of how he wants to play football; the environment he wants to create. DON'T MISS  “The player progression programme was a key part of Twente. He has done that at Ajax too, for each player from the academy to the first team. You look at Hakim Ziyech and now the [Brazilian] striker Antony, a very good player who will be the next one to go. I have seen this Ajax team and it’s very good. “Erik is very disciplined and people have to buy into that and have that work ethic. Tactically he’s outstanding. He worked with Pep [Guardiola] at Bayern Munich and took in his philosophy too. They called him ‘Mini Pep’ out there. “He’s ready. A lot of top clubs in Germany and England will be out to get him.”