There was a big spike in consumers using the Financial Conduct Authority’s (FCA) scam checker tool after being approached by people with pension and investment opportunities. Experts are warning investors to be careful and have come up with a six point checklist to help stay safe. More than £2.3billion was lost in the year leading up to April 2021 as scammers took advantage of Britons during the pandemic. In total 413,553 instances of fraud were reported to Action Fraud up a third (33 percent) on the previous year. Laith Khalaf, head of investment analysis at AJ Bell said it’s no surprise that some of these were related to investing in cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. He said: “Last year was boom time for cryptocurrencies, and for suspicious crypto marketing campaigns as well." READ MORE: Pensioners missing out on Pension Credit and free TV licence Mr Khalaf continued: “There was a big spike in consumers checking the FCA’s Warning Tool after being approached with a cryptocurrency investment opportunity which no doubt sounded too good to be true. “There was a similarly large rise (49 percent) in consumers checking on companies offering pension transfer services, which suggests that the pension scam market is alive, well, and thriving. “The FCA also stopped a quarter of new firms trying to enter the consumer investments market, which shows there are plenty of inadequate or inappropriate businesses attempting to sell their wares to UK investors. “Scam activity is not new, but it does appear to be increasing in scale, and embracing new forms of digital communication.” DON'T MISSState Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE] While some fraudsters are conning people over traditional methods like the phone or through friends, almost one in five (19 percent) of FCA ScamSmart users reported hearing about potential scams through social media adverts. Mr Khalif said it’s more important than ever for investors to research a potential investment opportunity before parting with their cash. He added: “Investors in today’s world do need to be watchful, and not let down their guard because they think they’re too smart to be conned. “Scammers are adept at targeting consumers with appealing messages at a time when their defences might be lowered.” He continued: “As ever it makes sense to invest with robust, trusted businesses who are registered with the FCA, and if you are approached out of the blue with an offer that sounds too good to be true, alarm bells should be ringing.” Meanwhile, fraudsters are also targeting benefit claimants including those on Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). Reports of email, text and face to face scams from fraudsters claiming to be from the Department for Work and Pensions have increased according to Action Fraud. It says there has been a recent spate of these scams - most of them relating to Universal Credit. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How do I spot a pension, Bitcoin or cryptocurrency scam?The Moneyhelper website recommends alarm bells should be ringing if an opportunity: People can enquire about an opportunity on the FCA’s ScamSmart website - enquiries rose by 49 percent in the period April to September 2021. 