State pension payments usually hinge on people building up enough National Insurance contributions throughout their lifetime. It usually means a person will have to work, or be in receipt of certain benefits, to build up a record. How many National Insurance contributions a person needs depends on whether they are in the 'old' basic state pension or the new state pension. For the basic state pension, Britons will usually need 30 years of qualifying contributions to secure the full sum. For the new state pension, 10 qualifying years of contributions are required to get anything at all. It is 35 years which are usually needed if a person is hopeful of receiving the full new state pension. Some people may get less than the new full state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike With this in mind, Britons may wish to note the vital changes to National Insurance introduced by the Chancellor - as it could impact the state pension. Mr Sunak announced the National Insurance contribution starting threshold will rise by £3,000 to £12,570 from July onwards. It means people will be able to keep more of what they earn before they have to pay tax. However, in lifting the threshold, there may be implications for lower earners. Individuals who earn less than £12,570 per year should be careful, experts have warned. DON'T MISS220,000 WASPI women die before answer on compensation [ANALYSISRishi Sunak slashes income tax 'for workers, pensioners & savers' [UPDATE]Inflation soars by 6.2 percent in devastating blow [LATEST] They must make sure they do not lose access to vital National Insurance credits which can help boost the state pension. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, unpacked the issue further. She said: “The state pension forms the backbone of most people’s retirement, and therefore, they should ensure they do not incur gaps unnecessarily. “This would mean they end up with less in retirement. “Many benefits come with automatic National Insurance credits. For instance, Child Benefit, Universal Credit and Jobseekers Allowance will credit you automatically. “Other benefits such as Statutory Sick Pay will give you credits if you apply for them. “It is therefore vital people worried they may no longer be getting National Insurance credits check to see what benefits they are entitled to, so these credits can be made.” The Government says people should check if they are eligible for credits - they will either get them automatically or have to apply for them. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Class 1 credits count towards a person’s state pension and may help with certain types of benefits. Class 3 contributions, however, only count towards the state pension. Individuals can check their National Insurance record to find out if they do have credits. The Government adds: “If you applied for credits but they’re wrong on your record, contact the office where you applied.”