Thomas Tuchel admitted Roman Abramovich's decision to sell Chelsea was big news after his side narrowly beat Luton 3-2 in the FA Cup on Wednesday, with the German claiming the Russian's decision was 'the right one'. Chelsea scraped to a 3-2 win in Hertfordshire against the Championship outfit after going into the interval 2-1 behind thanks to goals from Reece Burke and Harry Cornick put the Hatters into ecstasy either side of Saul Niguez's first strike for the Blues. Forward duo Timo Werner and Romelu Lukaku spared Tuchel's blushes to send the Blues into the quarter-final for the sixth year from a possible seven. But the result paled into insignificance after owner Abramovich sent out a statement less than an hour before kick-off confirming his desire to sell up after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Russian-born Abramovich previously detailed his intentions to leave the club on Saturday evening after declaring the running of the club would be left to trustees of the board. And Tuchel backed his verdict in his post-match press conference which saw his side continue their hunt to win the double this season. "Maybe I heard it a little bit earlier than you, but it was still close to kick-off," Tuchel said. "We heard the rumours all day and when we had team meetings we all talked about it. "It is big news, we wait and see and hope for the best. "I think every decision he takes is the right decision. It is his choice and club." It is yet to be seen who will take the reigns from Abramovich, with the world champions likely to push a deal through quickly in order to relieve Abramovich of the pressure he faces over the entire ordeal. But when asked over what the news meant for the short-term of the Stamford Bridge outfit, Tuchel claimed he did not know what the ramifications would be for his side. "Even if I want to answer, I don't know," Tuchel continued. "In the very short term for us and a team not much will change, maybe nothing, but the situation is now out there, it's a big situation. There will be a lot of reports but we will try and do what we can do to cancel the noise and stay focused, which is not easy. We showed tonight we are able to do it and we try again on Saturday.   "We're not living on an island, the guys have internet in the hotel and the TV is running. We see the news, we see the rumours, it's enormous. Some are not so attached to it, some are more concerned, it's normal. "To play on the same day as the match when focus is absolutely key, it is not so easy and makes it a bigger performance, that's why I'm so happy." Chelsea face relegation battlers Burnley on Saturday in the Premier League in a bid to keep their faint title hopes alive. The west London side are currently 16 points behind leaders Manchester City, albeit with two games in hand. However, they will take solace in the fact that they haven't lost at Turf Moor in seven attempts, with their last loss coming in 1983. 