Peaky Blinders returned for its final outing on BBC One and the historical TV crime drama is set a few years on from the previous season. Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) headed to Miquelon Island, where he was met with a cold reception. He handled the situation in a surprisingly rational way despite coming face to face with an old foe and a behaviour expert told Express.co.uk he will come out victorious due to his change of tactics. Season six picked up immediately after season five finale with Tommy Shelby holding a gun to his head. However it transpired his brother Arthur (Paul Anderson) took the bullets out of the gun before he had a chance to act. Viewers discovered how it was the Irish Republican Army who had come in to stop the assassination of Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin). They said they needed to keep Mosley alive, much to Tommy's distaste. The premiere episode also addressed the death of Helen McCrory, who played Polly Gray. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Shelbys destroyed as Tommy makes unforgivable mistake? Her son Michael (Finn Cole) paid tribute to her, saying: "No matter what it takes, no matter how many lies I have to tell, I will take revenge on Tommy Shelby." A four-year time jump placed Tommy in Miquelon Island, Newfoundland French territory. Since he stopped drinking alcohol, it has made Tommy a calmer and more reasonable person. However, he was still up to his old tricks having tipped off the police that Michael was carrying a case of opium to Boston. Michael went to prison in Boston, so he will be out of Tommy's way for a while. Yet he should not get cocky just yet as all could fall apart if he reverts back to his old ways. He has been able to refuse alcohol so far, but many of his enemies have tried to coerce him. Speaking to Express.co.uk, on behalf of Slingo, behaviour expert Darren Stanton suggested Tommy could be victorious. He said: “Judging by Tommy Shelby’s appearance in the official trailer for Peaky Blinders’ sixth season, I have no doubt that the show’s final series is going to be even more captivating and exciting than ever. “From the clips we have seen, it’s clear that the character of Tommy has had to evolve to new depths because of all his experiences during the previous five seasons. DON'T MISS...Jack Nelson Peaky Blinders: Who is Gina Gray's mysterious Uncle Jack? [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders: Tommy Shelby's death confirmed in Ruby's vision? [DISCUSSION] Peaky Blinders opener was perfect tribute to late Helen McCrory REVIEW [INSIGHT] "As a result his body language has also evolved and his non-verbal communication has become even more stoic - almost dragon-like. "Tommy appears calm, observing what is going on around him, waiting in the wings before he no doubt plans to unleash hell." He added: “They say sometimes we have to retreat to move forward and I think this is true of Tommy. "Whenever he suffers losses, he regroups, comes up with a new plan and makes his move. He displays a very strong and dominant posture with his body and always has. "For example, he maintains strong eye contact, speaks with a quiet voice and uses silence with those he doesn’t trust in order to make them uneasy and get the answers/truth he requires. "These are all behavioural traits that exert power and control." History has shown that even with the odds stacked against him, Tommy’s determination cannot be beaten. Darren said: "For Tommy, failure is not an option this time round. He’s set on doing whatever it takes for the Shelby family to get what they want and what Tommy feels they deserve. "He will invade other people’s personal space if he feels they have violated his code and I believe Tommy has an even stronger fire in him now to achieve his goals and he’s going to make it extremely difficult for his enemies to beat him. “I feel the earlier versions of Tommy perhaps saw him in over his head a little, however, from his general demeanour in the season six trailer, it appears Tommy has found a much deeper level of conviction and belief in what he has planned. "I don’t think the failed assassination attempt of Moseley has diminished Tommy’s conviction at all, instead it sought to strengthen it." Viewers will have to wait and see whether Tommy is able to maintain his calm and collected demeanour throughout the season.  Peaky Blinders returns to BBC One on Sunday at 9pm.