Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand has claimed that the only reason the club are considering appointing Ajax’s Erik ten Hag as their new manager is because there is a lack of top-class alternatives available. The Red Devils have failed to find a truly successful manager ever since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in 2013. United began the season in decent form as they won four of their opening five Premier League matches. But their performances took a precipitous downturn during the autumn as former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November. Ralf Rangnick was appointed on an interim basis - but the German is set to step aside in the summer and make way for a permanent manager. Ten Hag is thought to be United’s preferred candidate, while the likes of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui have also been linked with the job. All four managers come with their own drawbacks and are arguably not in the ilk of Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola and Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp. And Ferdinand believes United are considering the likes of Ten Hag and Pochettino because there is not a 'Guardiola-like manager' available. JUST IN: Van Gaal gives brutal verdict on Man Utd as he urges Ten Hag to snub    “None of us have got an answer where we’re all going, ‘oh, that’s the definite person,’” Ferdinand told talkSPORT on Monday. “I think there would be shouts for people like Pochettino I’m sure, obviously Ten Hag. They’re the two frontrunners people are talking about. “Listen, it’s a toss of a coin - I don’t know. There’s no one where you’re going, ‘oh, ok.’ For instance there’s not a Pep out there right now who’s available. When Manchester City were out there looking for a manager they thought, ‘right that’s the go-to guy’ who you’re going to get 100 per cent certainty from and think, ‘he’s perfect.’” DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit     “I think everybody who’s out there, there’ll be people saying, ‘oh well it’s not quite worked at that club, that’s not the level of competition that they’re going to be used to when coming to the Premier League.’ So I think it’s a very difficult one but it’s a very significant appointment to be made by the Man United hierarchy and they’ve got to get this one right.” United face another trophyless season as they have already been knocked out of the Champions League and FA Cup after falling at the first hurdle in the Carabao Cup. And the Red Devils also face a huge battle just to qualify for next season’s Champions League as they are four points behind fourth-placed Arsenal in the Premier League table and have played one more game than the Gunners. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 