The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge left for the UK on Saturday marking the end of their royal tour of the Caribbean. However, it has been suggested that after wowing George, Charlotte, and Louis with the incredible views, the royal couple will be planning to return to The Bahamas.  According to a report in MailOnline, the royal couple thanked the hotel staff for the grand service and was overheard saying that they “couldn't wait to come back with their children”. A source told the publication: “They said they have FaceTimed their children to show them the views, which blew them away, and that they can't wait to come back with them.” In his speech, given at the Governor General's reception, a visibly relaxed William said: “Seen from space, astronaut Chris Hadfield once said that 'the beauty of The Bahamas is surreal' and you could see ‘every blue that exists’. “That natural beauty is only surpassed by the warmth and generosity of the Bahamian people.   “Catherine and I have witnessed this everywhere we've been today on our first official visit to your wonderful islands. “The welcome you gave us in Parliament Square today with the Junkanoo, and Rake 'n' Scrape was unforgettable. “But this is not my first time in The Bahamas. I came here with my mother as a child. “Snorkelling around the James Bond wrecks off Nassau left me with the most vivid memory of your beautiful blue waters. READ MORE: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash  “For a young boy, obsessed with 007, it was the best holiday ever.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge waved their week-long royal Caribbean tour goodbye after spending the day at a vulnerable children's home in the Bahamas. After Prince William stood to observe a guard of honour at the departure ceremony at the Lynden Pindling International Airport in Nassau, the royal couple smiled and waved from the aircraft after enjoying their week-long tour. In an end-of-tour statement, the Duke addressed the growing republican sentiment and “colonialism” row the trip had inadvertently highlighted, acknowledging it had “brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future”. DON'T MISS:Kate and William bid adieu to the Bahamas Gaffe-prone Joe Biden leaves White House reeling after Putin remarkRussia scaling back invasion as troops retreat to eastern Ukraine