Sir Thomas Hicks, known professionally as Tommy Steele, is widely considered to be Britain’s first rock and roll star. Having been discovered at the 2i’s Coffee Bar in Soho, he shot to stardom with a string of singles including ‘Rock with the Caveman’ and ‘Singing the Blues’. He topped the singles chart and his meteoric rise was soon dramatised in The Tommy Steele Story, the soundtrack of which shot up the UK Albums Chart. By the early Sixties, he had established a formidable reputation as an all-round entertainer, starring in numerous West End productions and musical films including Half a Sixpence, where he played the lead role of Arthur ‘Artie’ Kipps, which airs today BBC Two. The film sees draper’s clerk Arthur Kipps’ life turn upside down when he stumbles upon an unexpected inheritance and moves into high society, temporarily forgetting his former associates before realising the mistakes of his ways and that money can’t buy happiness. Tommy’s work earned him an OBE in the 1979 New Year Honours, and he later received a knighthood in the 2020 Birthday Honours for services to entertainment and charity. Last year, he opened up about receiving the knighthood in an interview with The Independent. READ MORE: David Bowie's son slams Russian network for using Space Oddity lyrics He recalled the “dream” of collecting his honour from Princess Anne at a Windsor Castle ceremony, and said: “[I thought] I’m in the throne room at Windsor Castle. “I am being honoured and I am going to walk out a knight. “Getting in the car [to go home] and I will be thinking ‘go on, pinch me and say it is all a joke’ — It is wonderful.” The Princess Royal spoke to him about his career that “ she knew all about”. He likened the “magic” of the occasion to the opening night of a West End show. He said: “It has been like a very important first night in the theatre. “It is like you are blessed by something that has been happening for centuries and then all of a sudden, you find that as an actor you have got the part.” Receiving a knighthood felt as if he was living in a “showbusiness fairy story”, he said, but he could not tell the world about the accolade before it was announced by the Palace. DON'T MISS:Trevor Howard snubbed Queen honour ‒ secret list of 300 who refused [INSIGHT]Erin Doherty 'scared to death' over Princess Anne reaction [QUOTES]James McAavoy's stark Scottish independence prediction: 'Out by 2025' [REVEALED] Speaking to the Press Association in October 2020, he said: “You naturally want to ring the world because it is a wonderful thing. “But there is this warning. You don’t do that. “The rules of the game are that you have to keep it quiet and accept it, if you wish, and we will let you know when we are going to announce it.” But, the excitement remained, as he recalled: “It’s like being in a panto. “People are calling you Sir and you think: ‘Blooming heck. Is that in the script?’ “It’s wonderful and I haven’t come down to earth yet.” He added: “I have always been very lucky that things have happened to me. “I went into Half A Sixpence, which was a musical, and then next thing I know I am on Broadway, then I am in Hollywood doing films. “It sounds like a blinking fairy story and I suppose it is. It’s a showbusiness fairy story.” Having started his career working various jobs, including a brief period as a merchant seaman, he thought his showbiz dream was over before it even started. In 2012, he told The Herald: “I didn’t think you could be English and be a star. I got on the Bermondsey bus and forgot about the dream.” Fortunately, the dream was still very much alive, so much so that even at the age of 85, he remains an active performer and one of Britain’s best-loved performers. Half a Sixpence airs today on BBC Two at 2pm.