McLaren’s Daniel Ricciardo has called on Mercedes to fix their power supply issues with several of their teams ranking poorly in the opening races of the Formula One season. Mercedes have endured their own problems in the first two Grands Prix, but the teams they supply have also struggled in Bahrain and in Saudi Arabia. Mercedes supply engines to four of the teams on the grid this season. Ricciardo’s McLaren are running on a Mercedes engine, along with Aston Martin, Williams and Mercedes themselves. And those four teams have struggled for performance in the opening weeks. Ricciardo came 14th in Bahrain and then retired in Sunday’s race in Jeddah. Team-mate Lando Norris has finished 15th and seventh, respectively. Aston Martin and Williams have both failed to record a top-10 finish, while Mercedes’ own issues are well documented. Lewis Hamilton came third in Bahrain and then a surprising 10th in Saudi Arabia. George Russell has placed fourth and fifth.   JUST IN: Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes Ricciardo has called on Mercedes to fix their power supply problems. However, he also wants McLaren to resolve what they can control. “Not to go hard on McLaren but, obviously, I still want us to address our controllables first,” the Australian told the media in Jeddah. “It’s no secret that Mercedes, let’s say, have still got a bit to find.” Ricciardo races at his home Grand Prix in Australia in a fortnight's time. And he hopes McLaren can solve their problems in time for him to improve his performance.   “I mean, racing the Aston [Martin] – obviously with the same power unit – I could see even just by the size of their wing that they were running a very different set-up,” he explained. DON'T MISS...Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GPLewis Hamilton's Mercedes engineer had X-rated message for BritRed Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes “It looked like they were trying to go low drag to maybe make up for a deficit, or run that compromise. It certainly helped them in some areas but hurt them in others. “Ideally, you want to run max downforce everywhere and have the power to be able to cope with it. But yeah, I obviously have faith that they’ll [Mercedes will] find a way to keep fighting and squeezing a bit more out of it. Let’s say, in this situation, there are no better hands I would rather it be in.” He added: “Look, if in two races time we’re flying for top five then okay, we’ll take it and that’s a bonus. But I think mentally, [it’s important] to remain calm, chill, level-headed and sensible. “You need to realise that we’re not looking for three, four tenths – it’s over a second if we want to fight for wins. I doubt it’s going to come overnight. So we have to just be patient and I think, for the wellness of the team, it’s important to do that. It’s too early to cause a ruckus.”