Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is designed to assist those with the extra financial costs that arise from having a long-term disability or health condition. Like most other benefit payments, PIP is administered and managed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). To qualify for this payment, claimants must undergo an assessment by a health professional as part of the assessment process. PIP is separated into two different payments - a daily living and mobility component - which are assigned to cover different financial needs. The daily living component is exclusively for claimants who need financial assistance with daily living needs. Currently, the standard rate for the daily living component is £60.00 per week while the enhanced is £89.60 per week. Claimants will be given the standard rate of PIP’s daily living component if they score anywhere between eight and 11 on PIP’s assessment form. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim If someone scores anywhere above 11 after the health professional’s review, they will get the enhanced rate. In comparison, the mobility component of PIP is reserved for those who need extra cash to pay for moving around. As of today, the mobility component’s standard rate is £23.70 per week while the enhanced is £62.55 per week. Similar to the other component, anyone who scores between eight and 11 after the mobility part of PIP’s assessment will get the standard rate, while anyone who scores higher will get the enhanced rate.  If someone was to receive the highest amount of both components, they would be able to claim £608.60. After the assessment, the DWP can award an individual claimant both components under the same claim if deemed necessary. The DWP is also able to give benefits recipients the standard rate for both components, the enhanced rate for both, or a combination of standard and enhanced. Anyone who believes their disability or condition has worsened since their initial assessment should contact the DWP immediately as they may be able to get more money. Recently, the UK Government has been encouraging those with a disability to access benefits support via the DWP. Chloe Smith, the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, discussed why people should take advantage of the DWP’s financial assistance. Ms Smith said: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them, so it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” To begin a claim, applicants can call or text the department’s contact number, 0800 121 4433. Claimants can have someone speak on their behalf during the call if they are unable to due to their disability. However, said claimant must be with the caller at the time and give proper permission beforehand. The DWP’s phone line is open to questions from Monday to Friday 8am to 6pm, and is free to call on mobiles and landlines.