Bella-Rae Birch, 17-months-old, was attacked in her home in St Helens, Merseyside on Monday March 21 by her family’s new dog. Police were called at around 3.50pm following reports of the attack. Emergency services attended the scene, where the child was then taken to hospital before sadly dying as a result of her injuries. The dog was handed over to the police at the address and has been humanely destroyed. Neighbours said that the family of four had lived at the house for around three years but had only recently purchased the dog. The dog will be subject to further forensic examinations to determine the breed of dog and whether it is or isn’t a legal breed under the Dangerous Dogs Act (1991). Jordan, who plans to go to university in September to train to be a paramedic, rushed over to her neighbours when she heard screams. She said: "I gave CPR to the baby. My head is a mess. I heard them screaming for help and I ran over. The parents were hysterical. "I've lived here for eight years but I've never spoken to them before." Jordan, who lives on a nearby road to the road from the family, said the baby's "devastated" mother Treysharn Bates was "crying hysterically" outside the house moments after the horror attack. READ MORE: Sick pay rule changes in full: When will the new measures come in? One woman described the animal as "stocky" adding that she thought it was a Pitbull or Staffy. Another neighbour, who only wanted to provide his first name, David, said: "There were absolutely loads of police officers, there must have been about 20 police cars and ambulances. "The square was absolutely swarming with them, I've never seen so many police in my life. "I was just in shock when I heard a baby had been attacked by a dog. I believe the dog was tranquilised in the house with a dart gun." Other neighbours reported seeing the animal brought out with a metal collar and rod by police officers. The town’s Labour MP Conor McGinn said: “The close-knit community in Blackbrook and across St Helens are in deep shock after yesterday’s tragedy. “Our thoughts and prayers are with the little girl’s family, who are devastated. I know everyone locally will respect their request for privacy as they grieve.” Speaking on Tuesday morning, Superintendant Steve Brizell said: "We were called by the family of a 17-month-old girl Bella-Rae Birch, Bella Rae has lost her life in the most unimaginably terrible circumstances and our thoughts are first and foremost with the family and the wider community at this time. "Our specialist family liaison officers are providing the family of Bella-Rae with support and officers will remain in the area in the coming days to provide further support and reassurance for the wider community." Detective Inspector Lisa Milligan said on Monday: “This is a tragic incident and our thoughts are with the child’s family at this devastating time. The little girl’s parents and wider family are absolutely devastated and our specialist Family Liaison Officers are providing them with support at this horrendous time. “Whilst we are in the very early stages of the investigation into this extremely tragic incident we can confirm that the dog was only bought by the family a week ago and officers are working to identify the previous owners of the dog concerned and establish its history. “Our officers will remain on Bidston Avenue this evening and in the coming days to provide reassurance to the local community and we will work tirelessly to establish the full circumstances. “If you were in the Bidston Avenue area this afternoon and witnessed anything, or have any information about the dog in question then please come forward speak to one of our officers. “Our officers take the issue of dangerous dogs very seriously. Over the past years, we have worked proactively with the five local authorities in Merseyside to ensure prohibited dogs are taken off the streets.“ Anyone with any information is asked to contact us via our social media desk @MerPolCC or ' Merseyside Police Contact Centre' on Facebook, with reference 22000196837. Alternatively, you can call the independent charity @CrimestoppersUK anonymously, on 0800 555 111. You can also use their online form here.