Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has established himself as one of the biggest and most influential names in motorsport - and the Austrian’s net worth is a reflection of his status. Wolff has been involved in F1 for over 10 years, and he was originally involved with the Williams team. In fact, Wolff was in attendance at the 2012 Spanish Grand Prix which was won by Pastor Maldonado and remains the last win for the famous team set up by Sir Frank Williams, who passed away last year. Wolff moved to Mercedes in 2013 and focused on the business side of proceedings, with Paddy Lowe in charge of the technical aspect while Ross Brawn was team leader. At the end of that season, Brawn left the team to retire from F1 - although he would return to work for the sport’s governing body - and Wolff helped transform the team into one of the greatest dynasties in motor racing history. Over the last eight seasons, the Silver Arrows have won eight straight Constructors’ Championships as well as seven drivers’ titles split between Lewis Hamilton (6) and Nico Rosberg. JUST IN: Toto Wolff explains what he 'hates' about Netflix's Drive to Survive Wolff has overseen 111 Grand Prix wins as Mercedes have dominated F1 since he assumed his role. Wolff is in charge of Mercedes as CEO and Team Principal while also heading up their Formula E programme. Across his stellar career, Wolff has accumulated a net worth of approximately £442 million. DON'T MISSRed Bull boss Horner makes Hamilton and Verstappen title predictionChristian Horner gives insight into 10-team meeting over Russia'That's why people hate you' - Guenther Steiner berates Nikita Mazepin Remarkably, his net worth is considerably more than seven-time world champion Hamilton’s £217m. Wolff’s wealth undoubtedly stems from his deal to own Mercedes’ F1 team - or at least a significant fraction of it. Team ownership of the octuple world champions is split three ways. Wolff owns 33.33%, as does Daimler – the ultimate parent company of Mercedes-Benz itself. The final owner of the team is Ineos, a petrochemical company founded by Sir Jim Ratcliffe, one of Britain’s richest men – worth about £13 billion. Ineos’s branding started to appear on Mercedes’ F1 cars ahead of the 2020 season. Wolff also has a bumper salary of around £7m a year.