Harry Kirton has played Finn Shelby on Peaky Blinders since season two, where he replaced season one's Alfie Evans-Meese. Now three episodes into the concluding chapter of the gritty drama, viewers have seen the death of Ruby Shelby (played by Orla McDonagh), the reemergence of Alfie Solomons (Tom Hardy) and onlookers want to know when they will see more of Finn Shelby. The most recent episode dealt the Shelby family a devastating blow when Ruby succumbed to tuberculosis. Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) is in search of the root cause for her sickness, turning to Esme Shelby (Aimee-Ffion Edwards) for guidance. With the spotlight on one of the Shelby youngsters, many fans have united online to find out more about Finn. In a Reddit forum, Givemegivememoregive wrote: "WHERE THE HELL IS FINN? Read More:  Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return as she adopts Abi Franklin's baby? This prompted other fans to come forward with their theories. As viewers know, season five saw Finn in charge of watching bookmaker Billy Grade (Emmett J. Scanlan) conduct football betting. He initially teamed up with Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson) to corrupt the football betting business. However, the two appeared to become friends with Finn revealing Thomas Shelby's plans moments before they were implemented, which jeopardized the assassination, allowing Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) to escape.  Froggywhiskers added in the forum: "Well now we know he's not at the bookmakers, maybe there's been consequences for when he told Billy Grade that the Mosley assassination was happening and he's been put away somewhere by the rest of the family??" (sic) Kill_Zoldy commented: "He was at Polly's funeral wasn't he? Still that's the only scene I can recall him being in." "Maybe went to America with Michael?" nickabok9 said "In series five Michael said Finn had proven himself and was part of the new generation." DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Paula Wilcox’s blunt response to taxi drivers who ‘fell in love’ with her [LATEST]'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera [LATEST]   The actor had spoken to DigitalSpy ahead of his season six performance and said that viewers would be "seeing an emotional side to Finn that we perhaps haven't seen before". He added: "Usually, it's quite a physical reaction, whereas I got to play quite a few scenes that were more of an emotional reaction, which naturally, as an actor, you get to sink your teeth into more, and explore with that the character." Although onlookers are yet to get their Finn fix, he did reveal that Finn will become the man he is meant to be this season. He added: "There's a lot of violence, and there's a lot of quarrels, and there's a lot of mistrust and misdirection. And just Finn being his own person now – becoming his own man, and less so just following orders all the time.    "Even though there are still orders to be followed. There's just freedom given now, and more trust, I guess, because he's not a kid." With only a few episodes left to wrap up the final cycle, there are still a lot of story arcs to be resolved. A key one is the development of Tommy's seizures that are partnered with visions of a green-eyed ghost from his WW1 day. Peaky Blinders continues on BBC One on Sunday at 9pm. 