Manchester United have been hit with yet another injury blow with Edinson Cavani to miss today's Premier League clash with Manchester City. The Uruguay international has been battling for fitness in recent weeks. And, with Cristiano Ronaldo already sidelined, Ralf Rangnick will have to think outside the box. Manchester United go into today's derby showdown with City looking to get their Premier League campaign back on track. The Red Devils slipped to a disappointing goalless draw with Watford last weekend, with the likes of Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Anthony Elanga all spurning glorious chances to break the deadlock. Rangnick has insisted United have improved under his guidance but also concedes today will be a real test of his side's mettle. And he'll have to oversee the match with both of his senior strikers, Ronaldo and Cavani, sidelined through injury. The Athletic say Cavani won't be involved at the Etihad Stadium, despite Rangnick previously indicating his No 21 would be able to perform for around 30 minutes if needed. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United, in order to compensate for the losses of Ronaldo and Cavani, may have to come up with a creative solution. And one possibility is playing Marcus Rashford in the No 9 role. When the England international first burst onto the scene during the days where Louis van Gaal ruled the roost, Rashford was a striker. Yet Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer used him as a winger during their respective eras in the dugout. Rangnick could deploy Rashford there, however, with Anthony Elanga and Jadon Sancho both alternative options. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message It’s even possible United will use Bruno Fernandes as a false nine. But there’s no denying the losses of Ronaldo and Cavani are substantial blows, especially given their reputations as two of the deadliest forwards in world football. Speaking before the match with City, meanwhile, Rangnick was adamant improvement was being made at Old Trafford. “When City won 2-0 at Old Trafford they did it in style and it could have been a higher margin,” he said. “Now, for us, it is about confirming the development of the team in the last three months. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have been unbeaten in the last 11 games and we haven’t lost a single away game since I arrived. “We know this will be the biggest challenge so far because we haven’t played against a team of that kind of quality.” On his tactics for the match at the Etihad, he said: “We have to be as compact as we can be and play as much as a team as we can. “It will be challenging for us. We will have moments in the game when we have to chase the ball and be without it for one or two minutes. “But this shouldn’t happen all the time. It’s about being on the front foot, being courageous, and creating moments when we can put them under pressure. “We need to perform at the highest possible level - and I have no doubt we have players who can do that. But obviously it’s about showing it on the pitch.”