Eamonn Holmes took to Twitter and addressed the incident where he admitted he was "delighted" it happened. The GB News presenter, who previously hosted This Morning, explained that there had been a lot of car thefts in his area. Taking to Twitter, the 62-year-old shared his reaction to being stopped by two police officers. In view of his one million followers, he penned: "Pulled over by the #Police on the way into work and delighted to be so. "A lot of car thefts in my area and they were just checking that the car I was in wasn't one of them... 2 young officers in their 20's and an absolute credit to @SurreyPolice." The GB News host was quickly inundated with messages from social media users. READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White weighs in on royal visit Many offered him their well wishes ahead of his morning programme at the network. Surrey Police said in a statement to Express.co.uk: "A man in his 60s was stopped by officers earlier this morning (23 March). The officers were carrying out proactive patrols following a recent increase in keyless car thefts in the area. "It was not necessary to take any further action and the man continued on his journey." Eamonn announced his move from ITV to GB News in November, hosting a breakfast show with Isabel Webster. He’s since made various digs at ITV following his exit after 15 years.  The veteran host previously presented This Morning alongside his wife Ruth Langsford before they were replaced on the ITV show by Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary last year. Ruth and Eamonn were revealed to be hosting the show for six weeks over the summer instead, which they did in 2021, before Eamonn confirmed he was leaving the show. Speaking on Channel 4's Steph's Packed Lunch earlier this month, the newsreader admitted he didn't miss daytime television. He said: "Erm, no, not at all. I really am excited with the whole breaking news environment and being involved in that. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton[LATEST]Kirstie Allsopp slams 'ignorant' reaction to Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe[POLITICS]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful cow'[TWITTER] "I think the first six, seven weeks now of GB News, goodness me there's been a lot going on between Partygate and the Ukraine situation. "It just is always happening, you don't really have time to stop and think about it." Eamonn went on: "It's just a tremendous privilege Steph to be involved in something that you want to do. "They say if you do something you love you never work a day in your life, and it's nice to be appreciated. It's nice to be with people who want you to be there. It's nice to feel that you are contributing." It comes after he hit out at ITV over his departure, with ITV since responding to the claims. Chatting with Daily Mail's Weekend magazine, Eamonn claimed his former channel made it appear that he wanted to walk away from ITV when he had in fact been "dropped" - a claim ITV has adamantly denied. "They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round," the journalist said. "They had a chat with my agent and announced that I was going to GB News when they'd done no more than ask if I'd be interested in joining them."  