Russian forces have struck a Red Cross facility in the besieged southern Ukraine port city of Mariupol, in what is "one of the worst crimes of the war", according to the Kyiv Post. Lyudmyla Denisova, Ukraine's human rights commissioner, said occupiers and enemy aircraft aimed at the building marked clearly with a red cross on a white background. Ms Denisova said until now, the only other forces who shelled buildings and vehicles marked with red crosses "were the troops of Hitler’s Germany." She continued: "Artillery fired on a building marked with a red cross on a white background, indicating the presence of wounded, civilian or humanitarian cargo." Chernihiv yesterday endured a “colossal attack” less than a day after the Kremlin vowed to pull back from the northern city and the capital Kyiv. Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned shelling of the port city of Mariupol would only end when Ukrainian troops surrender. Russian forces have encircled the city and their steady and indiscriminate bombardment has killed at least 5,000 people, but possibly as many as 10,000, according to one senior Ukrainian official. Prime Minister Boris Johnson told MPs at a Liaison Committee on Wednesday that Britain is looking at “going up a gear” in its military assistance to Ukraine, potentially supplying armoured vehicles to help relieve the besieged city of Mariupol. He said: “In Mariupol, the issue is that Ukrainian defenders are now pretty much encircled and there’s a humanitarian catastrophe. The question is, can we help the Ukrainians relieve Mariupol if that were possible? Would armour, would APCs (armoured personnel carriers) be useful for them (or) armoured Land Rovers? We are certainly looking at that.” Aid groups have continually asked for access to Mariupol, describing the conditions as hellish, and Ukrainian officials have accused Russian troops of forcibly deporting residents to Russia. Ms Denisova was unable to confirm whether casualties were hit or not but said the incident amounted to a war crime and is a "gross violation of the 1949 Geneva convention." Civilians who have managed to escape Mariupol describe a place with “death everywhere”. “We buried our neighbours, we saw death everywhere and even my children saw it,” said Mariia Tsymmerman, who fled to Zaporizhzhia two weeks ago, but is now making the perilous journey back to deliver supplies and help others leave. Matilda Bogner, head of the UN human rights mission in Ukraine, said: “We think there could be thousands of deaths, civilian casualties, in Mariupol.” And Putin's troops have been accused of abducting more than 70 people, including women and doctors, from a hospital. On Wednesday, the Ukrainian far-right movement Azov Battalion claimed on the social media channel, Telegram that the warehouse had been hit by Russian military strikes. Satellite image from Maxar Technologies confirms the allegation, it said the northern end of the warehouse was hit between March 19 - 22. A second military strike, on the southern end of the building, occurred sometime between March 23 -26. Sensory satellite data from NASA's Fire Information for Resource Management System also ratified the claims. It said that a number of explosions were detected in the vicinity on March 20 and every day between March 22 - 25. The International Committee of the Red Cross confirmed to Express.co.uk that the "image being circulated online shows damage to the ICRC warehouse in Mariupol." They continued: "We do not have a team on the ground there, so have no other information on potential casualties or the extent of the damage. No ICRC staff have been at the warehouse since 15 March, and we don’t know how it’s been used since. "We are concerned that even a building with a red cross on it can be seriously damaged. Civilian infrastructure, hospitals and medical personnel cannot be targeted. The parties must do everything in their power to avoid locating military objectives within or near densely populated areas and protect civilians against the effects of attacks." The Kremlin on Tuesday said it would curtail operations near Kyiv and the northern city of Chernihiv “to increase mutual trust” for peace talks. But bombs could be heard raining down on the outskirts of Kyiv and in Chernihiv. The United Nations said on Wednesday that the number who have fled the country had risen above 4 million. More than half of those refugees are children and the rest are mostly women. But Ukrainians are still defiant. Maksym, a Ukrainian soldier, told The Daily Express the Russians were being pushed back “slowly but steadily."He said: "I think they have no chance here, we will win.”