Full Moon rituals aren’t just a social media trend. Even if you don’t believe in astrology, taking a night to reflect on your emotions and goals can be really useful. Express.co.uk chatted to Astrologer and manifesting coach Melanie Moore (@mindfulnessmelanie on Instagram) to find out how to celebrate the Virgo Full Moon tonight. Full Moons are all about letting go, and the rituals you perform should reflect this. Melanie said: “Full Moons culminate our monthly lunar cycle. “Unlike New Moons, Full Moons light up our dark sky and shine a light on what we must let go of. This helps us to create an energetic space for magic. “Full Moons are in opposition to the Sun and are always in the opposing sign of whichever zodiac sign the Sun is in at that point.” READ MORE- Taurus needs to welcome ‘change’ to avoid career ‘burn out’ This Sun is in Pisces right now, so the Full Moon is in the opposite sign of Virgo. The Moon’s energy levels are at their highest during a Full Moon and this can bring our emotions to the surface. Melanie explained: “We can see things for what they really are and if it’s not serving our highest good, then that’s what we should let go of. “Full Moons are a time for necessary inner work.” According to Melanie, your manifestation and rituals should be about “releasing and forgiveness” on a Full Moon. Here are the three rituals to perform tonight. Full Moons are about cleansing, not manifesting. Use a Full Moon to get rid of the things in your life that are holding you back rather than wishing for things that you want. Melanie said: “People just see someone else who doesn’t actually understand manifesting on Instagram on a Full Moon and copy them. Please, don’t do this! “New Moons are a time for wishing and planting seeds, but Full Moons are about releasing what is no longer serving our highest good. “We must make both literal and energetic space to allow more of the good stuff to pour into our existence.” DON'T MISS...Zodiac sign: Virgo 'loves hard' but has 'unfair reputation' [INFORMER]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] With the Moon in Virgo, themes of routines, healthy habits, work and jobs will come to the forefront, so you might want to do some journaling around these topics. What about these themes in your life isn’t going to plan? Do you have guilt or other negative feelings around them? Write about it. Once you can get these thoughts on paper, you can be honest with yourself and start thinking about what you need to do to improve your life. Melanie said: “Stick on some Solfeggio Frequency Music or whatever music you fancy and have a think about what you want to release. “Write down what you’re letting go of or why. Close your eyes and visualise and feel yourself cutting energetic cords to what you are releasing. “Express gratitude for what the challenges have brought you and let go.”