James Martin lost a whopping five stone when competing on Strictly Come Dancing in 2005. He has stayed slim over the years with a few simple healthy diet changes, whilst still enjoying decadent and delicious foods. As well as cutting out fizzing drinks and filling up water, how does James Martin stay slim, especially as he spends so much time in the kitchen? The key is not to avoid temptation, but to get cooking up a storm with healthy ingredients. On his mission to lose weight and stay trim, he said: “I decided to examine my diet and I made a conscious decision to cook fresh food at home. I no longer stuff my face with really bad things such as takeaway pizza, Mars bars and fizzy soft drinks, which I used to have tons of during my working day, just like almost every other chef in the country. “Now I eat fish twice a week as well as loads of vegetables and fresh fruit." READ MORE: Jane McDonald weight loss: Singer lost 4st - here’s how The chef even fronted a campaign encouraging the nation to eat more omega-3 fatty acids, with at least one portion of oily fish every week. These have a whole host of benefits, including lowering blood pressure, reducing the likelihood of heart attacks and strokes, and reducing the chance of abnormal health rhythm – so dieters should start eating their salmon, mackerel, sardines, and nuts and seeds. James stated: “Six ounces or 140g a week isn't a massive amount. "Yet 70-per cent of us don't eat fish at all,” he told The Herald. The chef hopes to dispel the myth that healthy eating is for the well-off. “To say that good food is elitist is just tosh. Good food is simply cooked food - it's not rocket science. You don't have to be a Gordon Ramsay to cook yourself a healthy meal. What could be simpler than pan-frying a little bit of salmon and serving it with some great new potatoes and seasonal veg?" He continued: “A good healthy diet is a combination of fruit, vegetables, meat and fish, and with exercise you'll keep the weight off.” People overcomplicate it, but it truly is that simple. Dieters can even enjoy decadent ingredients usually considered ‘bad’ in the dieting world. Talking about weight gain, James revealed: “It’s not the butter consumption. “It’s the ready-made food, it’s the packet food, the hidden salt, hidden fat – that’s the problem in this country. “It's not the butter in a butter block, or butter you put on your toast.” Slimmers can see huge changes just by putting away the takeaway menu and grabbing some fresh, nutritious ingredients from the supermarket. James admitted that the nation’s diet is not very good: “Despite cheap travel to European countries, we are still a nation of animal fat-loving people. We might admire the Mediterranean diet but we don't eat the way the French, Spanish or Italians eat.” The Mediterranean diet, which weight loss guru Dr Michael Mosley also promotes, is high in vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, beans, cereals, grains, fish, and unsaturated fats such as olive oil and avocado, with a low intake of meat and dairy. Standing tall at 6’4, the self-confessed “big bloke” revealed why being overweight simply isn’t an option for him: “My dad likes his food deep-fried with lots of butter but he doesn't like running it off. I don't do much exercise either. When you're a big bloke like my grandfather, father and me, it's not as easy to stay fit as it is for someone who's a bit smaller. “One of the sad things is that heart disease is actually preventable, and yet nearly 2.5 million people have it and 120,000 of us die of it every year.”