Speaking to ITV’s Robert Peston, Health Secretary Sajid Javid commented on the newly launched Ukrainian Refugee scheme, Homes for Ukraine, which has granted no limit to how many Ukrainians could enter the UK under the visa sponsorship scheme. The scheme launched its site allowing Brits to host a refugee and around 100,000 signed up on the first day.   Each household, who will not be expected to provide food and living expenses but can choose to offer this, housing a refugee will be offered £350 a month, tax-free. However, as a part of the Homes for Ukraine scheme, Ukrainians arriving in the UK will also have total access to the NHS and other public services. Children will also be able to attend local schools. Speaking on ITV’s political show last night, the former Home Secretary stated this decision was “absolutely right” and “exactly what will happen”. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as kidnapped mayor RESCUED in 'special operation' He said: “We will make sure that they are offered upon arrival or soon after a Covid vaccine. “The vaccine rate in Ukraine is, I understand, around one third of the population so a lot less than ours, but also any other kind of medical screening. “They will have access to their local GPs, just like you and I. He continued: “They will have access to local schools. I think it is really important that we give the people from Ukraine, our friends, the warmest, the most generous possible welcome. DON'T MISSUkraine war: Britons issued new advice for travel to Europe [INSIGHT]Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REVEAL]Putin Shambles: Russian forces routed - column wiped out  [VIDEO]   “That's the kind of country we are and that is what the British people want to see.” However, host Robert Peston questioned about the strain the NHS will bear after the health service was crippled by the pandemic. Mr Javid replied: “No one can deny there will be more pressure on public services. “But we are one of the richest countries in the world, we have got challenges, but look at the challenges of the people in Ukraine - ours pale away in comparison. “The British people are behind us.”  