Chancellor Rishi Sunak made a number of policy announcements on Wednesday that will affect how Britons pay tax in the forthcoming financial year. The changes are hoped to help ease the burden that households are enduring as a result of the cost of living crisis. The 2021 to 2022 tax year started on April 6, 2021, and will finish on April 5, 2022. A tax year traditionally always begins and ends on these dates and so the subsequent period for 2022 to 2023 will start on April 6. In essence, it is an annual accounting period for keeping records and reporting income and expenses.  READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike As part of his Spring Statement, Mr Sunak increased the threshold for National Insurance (NI) contributions by £3,000. The change will come into force from this July and means you won’t pay income tax or NI until you’re earning £12,570.  You pay mandatory National Insurance if you’re 16 or over and are either: From April, the rates of NI contributions were already due to increase by 1.25 percent. The Government introduced it as a means to increase spending on health and social care and it will be replaced in April 2023 by a new levy.  DON'T MISS: Millions eligible for free broadband installation [EXPLAINED]MP rages at Sunak over Budget 'Nothing for WASPI women!' [WATCH]Fury erupts as Britons slam 'false 5p cut' [NEWS] Mr Sunak has pledged to cut the basic rate of income tax from 20p to 19p in the pound before the end of this Parliament - April 2024. He said: "Cutting tax is not easy, it requires hard work and the willingness. This Government has been prepared to make those difficult choices. "Taxes are being cut, debt is also falling, spending is increasing. This doesn't happen by accident. We can deliver for the British people because we have a plan."  From April the Chancellor has said that the Employment Allowance for business will increase from £4,000 to £5,000. The Employment Allowance gives relief to small businesses' National Insurance payments. You can claim Employment Allowance if you’re a business or charity and your employers’ Class 1 National Insurance liabilities were less than £100,000 in the previous tax year. 