Lewis Hamilton endured a rare start to a new season as the seven-time world champion failed to challenge at the front of the grid at tha Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday, and Toto Wolff has refused to confirm how long it will take for Mercedes to return to their usual position. It's been far from an ideal start to the 2022 campaign for Mercedes with the W13 lagging behind Red Bull and Ferrari in terms of track performance. Hamilton and George Russell complained of issues throughout pre-season testing as it became clear that plenty of work needed to be done on their car. Mercedes arrived at Bahrain with a drastic new design to their sidepods with Wolff confident they were on the right track. It hasn't worked so far with Mercedes accepting that it will take some time to develop their car to return to the front. Speaking ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix, Damon Hill pressed Wolff to put a timeline on how long it would take for Mercedes to get those necessary upgrades. But Wolff navigated his way around the question, instead stating that they remain on track. JUST IN: Mercedes sidepods: Why F1 season could be determined by Hamilton  "We believe that the car has potential, but the regulations are so different that we are learning step by step," Wolff said. "We understand it a bit better to get rid of the bouncing and therefore that was overshadowing what else we can do so today is another test for us." Hamilton will not want to see both Ferrari and Red Bull open a big lead in the Drivers' Championship. Both Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc were locked in a tense battle at the front with Carlos Sainz and Sergio Perez close behind. DON'T MISS  Hamilton enjoyed a strong start off the line as he pushed his car past Perez and stayed on the back of Sainz for a few laps. But the power of both cars soon saw Hamilton drift away before his first pit stop. Russell, meanwhile, quickly made amends for his disappointing qualifying as he pushed up alongside Hamilton. F1 teams will immediately head out to Saudi Arabia after the Bahrain Grand Prix for the race at Jeddah Corniche Circuit next week.