I don't mind street art - some of it even improves the areas where it's painted (or should that be sprayed?). But the inane scribblings of absolute morons is beginning to get on my nerves which, let's face it, is not a good thing. You never actually spot the pillocks doing it yet their scrawls seem to be along every rail line in the country, beside main roads and on just about every bridge across motorways. It's not just unsightly, I think it reflects badly on our teachers too because obviously none of the culprits can spell! I'd love to get into the brains of the people who think this is either funny, clever or artistic - if they actually had a brain of course. Maybe there should be a very severe penalty - 10 years in prison, or 10 lashes? I don't know, but I do know it is the most annoying thing. Perhaps the little thugs or the local gangsters have got a bit of a crush on a lady and want to declare their passion, or maybe they are just practising how to spell their initials? I don't know what motivates these nutters but I wish somebody could stop them. It's turning our country into a child's scribbling pad. ----------------- APPARENTLY, according to a recent survey, the people of Oxford feel they are the ugliest in the country. Oh dear, oh dear, how sad. Is it because of the outlandish looks of the large student population, I wonder? Possibly not, but what has brought the people of Oxford to the conclusion that they are uglier than the rest of us? Could it have anything to do with them all looking sour-faced because their county council has decided that all the food at council meeting events should be vegan from now on? Definitely hard to swallow for a county that has lots of farmers producing meat - including irate motormouth Jeremy Clarkson. Why would any council suddenly decide to dictate to its members what they can or cannot eat? It's the same with that TV diet bloke, Dr Michael Mosley. I find him quite entertaining, to be honest, but his continual quest to tell us how to lead a normal happy healthy life is really getting on my nerves. I recently saw him telling us we shouldn't eat fried food and wondering why people do. Leave us alone! If people want to kill themselves by eating too many takeaways and too much fast food then that is surely up to the individual. ----------------- I KNOW you will all tell me it's geo-politics - what does someone who just spouts off on the radio or in the papers know about anything, eh? But I've been doing this for nearly 50 years and feel entitled to ask the odd question. So: Why do we allow the Saudi Arabian government to behave so appallingly? Don't all shout, "It's oil money, stupid!" There are many other countries that we wouldn't dream of cozying up to if they behaved the way the barbaric Saudi government does. So Boris really shouldn't have gone on bended knee to ask them for more oil. On the day of his visit, they beheaded three people - 81 had been executed in one day just before. This regime killed journalist Jamal Khashoggi, jails women's rights campaigners and is involved in the vicious civil war in Yemen. It's about time we stood up to them. Why can't we sanction them as we are sanctioning Russia? We should have nothing to do with them. ----------------- I CAN'T tell you how nice it is to write something positive for a change because, as you probably realise, I quite like to have a go at those that I think deserve it. So it is such good news that Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe is home. I am so happy her and her husband Richard and their daughter Gabriella. Over the years, Richard has become quite a regular on my talkRADIO show. His continuous optimism has been amazing and inspirational for anyone in the situation that he and his wife had found themselves in. He must have been under some of the greatest pressure ever but he was always bright when lots of us would have probably given up and complained about our mental health. Richard soldiered on and always hoped that Nazanin would eventually come home to him and Gabriella. I don't really know the complex diplomacy that was involved in achieving that but I am so happy for all of them and hope they can manage to enjoy the rest of their lives together. ----------------- LAST WEEK it was the Baftas. Were you excited? No, nor was I. A load of luvvies dressing to impress in clothes costing a fortune - yet we're not really supposed to mention how people look anymore, are we, because that could be bad for their mental health. Well, actually, sitting and watching something as stupid as the Baftas is not good for my mental health, so I didn't see much of it. It puts me in such a bad mood with all the virtue signalling idiots trying to pretend they know about politics and what's going on in the world and then squeezing themselves into clothes that don't really fit them. They're lucky to work in an industry that pays them well and that they have fun being part of. I admit that a lot of people probably do enjoy watching celebrities but I would much rather be at the Curry Awards or the Greengrocer of the Year or Britain's Best Butcher than watch a bunch of overpaid and over-feted glamour-gushers. All the pouting and posing and the almost-in tears "I didn't expect this" false modesty, and even the facile political point-scoring, simply leave me cold. Or am I just jealous that I wasn't invited? ----------------- LIKE EVERYBODY, I feel extremely sorry for those people fleeing the carnage of the war in Ukraine, and the sooner bully boy Putin is sorted out the better. But I do have a problem with the virtue-signalling of some celebrities. Actor Benedict Cumberbatch is apparently intending to take in some refugees. Well, he does have a £4million London house and two flats. It's a very nice gesture, but did he really have to announce it in a red carpet interview before the Bafta ceremony where he was nominated for an award? Surely a person doing a good thing should keep quiet about it and not try to gain publicity. Also, it is a very difficult thing to invite a stranger into your home and the Government offering people money to do it really is not the solution. I don't have a problem with carrying out checks to make sure that people who are coming into this country are who they say they are. But the people coming to Britain, in the main, will be coming because they have family or friends here and most would want to try to get back to their own country when the war is over if they can. We should do everything we can to protect them. But for celebrities to announce how they are taking in strangers and to make those not in a position to do so feel bad is wrong in my view.