Brexit didn’t come for free; everyone knew it would be expensive, at least at first, to undergo such a huge constitutional shift. But promises of clawing back funds sent to the EU and regaining fiscal sovereignty kept voters on the side of those at the negotiating table, despite worryingly high figures emerging from Brussels surrounding the Brexit “divorce bill”. The settlement was originally estimated to be in the ballpark of £40billion pounds, though the Government denied the figure, and said most of it had already been paid as part of the UK’s regular budget contributions. According to 2020 data from the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), there remained about £25billion to be paid between 2021 and 2057, with the biggest chunk of that – around £18billion – to be paid in the first five years. For the first few years, a large chunk of the costs will go towards EU commitments that were agreed when the UK was still a member, but hasn’t yet paid for. Payment towards ventures such as the Horizon Europe research scheme (currently frozen as the UK has been denied membership), the Euratom nuclear research programme and Copernicus, the earth monitoring project, are also on the bill. However, the OBR data shows that, as time goes on, the vast majority of money sent to the EU will be for pension liabilities – essentially, funding the pensions of EU staff. These contributions are forecast to carry on until 2064, according to the OBR, and will peak in 2030 and 2031, each with an annual total of £459million.  READ MORE: Just 11 people subjected to ‘new and improved’ Brexit asylum rules since 2020 According to the figures, the UK is forecast to pay almost £12billion towards EU pensions between 2021 and 2064. A spokesperson for the OBR told Express.co.uk: “These numbers are particularly uncertain and likely to be revised over time.” And a publication on the Brexit divorce bill on the Parliament.uk website states the OBR figures are “significantly higher compared to the Treasury’s forecast”. However, the UK Government has indeed agreed to pay a share of liabilities for pensions of EU civil servants as part of the Withdrawal Agreement signed by Prime Minister Boris Johnson, which was passed by MPs in the House of Commons and came into law on January 31, 2020. The Withdrawal Agreement states that, after the UK’s transition period ended in December 2021, it committed to paying “its fair share” of pension liabilities.  These constitute liabilities for “pension rights and rights to other employment-related benefits accrued on or before December 31, 2020”. Writing in a blog for Birmingham City University’s Centre for Brexit Studies in 2018, Professor John Clancy questioned the validity of this liability on behalf of the UK. He said: “Some would argue that the UK should be asking for a huge chunk of credit in today’s money to set against what it might then be judged to owe. “Because when it joined the EU in 1973, there is an argument that the UK paid up straight away for pensions’ liabilities which had then been ‘incurred’ by the EU, and not by the UK. “One justifiable reading of the position is that the UK took on and paid for those liabilities immediately, and it continued to pay up for them – for decades. “Shouldn’t it now also drop, and stop paying for, alleged present ‘liabilities’ as it leaves?”    The EU is, however, paying some money back to the UK, as is evident in the OBR’s data showing all net liabilities payments to and from the EU. The EU will send money back to the UK for things like its money in the European Investment Bank (just over £3billion) and the European Central Bank (about £50million). The UK will also receive a share of any money paid to the EU in fines that were imposed before the end of 2020, which is estimated to be worth about £1.2billion. While the balance of these net payments will see the UK’s payments drop quite significantly from 2023 onwards, a fresh sum was added to the total earlier this month when the European Court of Justice (ECJ) ruled the UK had been negligent in allowing criminal gangs to flood European markets with cheap Chinese-made clothes and shoes. Under the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement, the UK remains subject to ECJ jurisdiction for any breaches of EU law during its time as a member state. And on Tuesday, March 8, the ECJ concluded that the UK as a member state had “failed to fulfil its obligations” under EU law to combat fraud and collect the correct amount of customs duties and VAT on imported Chinese goods between 2011 to 2017.   The European Commission has been seeking to force the UK to pay more than €2billion (£1.7billion) in compensation to the EU budget since 2018, after the complaint emerged in 2017, asking the ECJ to fine the UK €2.7billion (£2.2billion). However, the court was unsatisfied with the calculations made to reach that sum and ordered EU officials to recalculate the losses. The UK cannot appeal against this final verdict but has the right to challenge the Commission over how much money it should pay into the EU budget, once a revised bill is published. This is still a major blow for the British Government, which has also been ordered to pay four-fifths of the Commission’s legal costs. A UK Government spokesperson said they would consider the judgement and respond in full in due course, adding: “Throughout, we’ve made the case that we took reasonable and proportionate steps to tackle fraud in question and that the Commission vastly overstated the size and severity of the alleged fraud. “The UK has always and continues to take customs fraud very seriously and evolves its response as new threats emerge.” 