Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has shut down suggestions about a divide at the club amid rumours Harry Maguire is losing the respect of his team-mates. The Red Devils go up against Manchester City today. And victory would boost their chances of qualifying for next season’s Champions League. In the week, rumours emerged suggesting United players were growing frustrated with Maguire amid his inconsistent form. The England international was poor against Atletico Madrid in the Champions League recently, with that bad display coming after he’d toiled in a draw with Southampton. Maguire has been erratic at the back for United this term, under both Rangnick and his predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Yet Rangnick has appeared to downplay talk of a divide behind the scenes. He said: “I can assure you the atmosphere in the locker room, the focus in training, we have no issues. “All that about outside noises, about players not being focused in training, is not correct. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “They get on well with each other, they have a full focus in every session. “It’s all about getting the best possible result in the coming games.” In a separate interview with club media, meanwhile, Rangnick also opened up on the form of Jadon Sancho. The England international has started to come good in recent weeks, with the forward back to his Borussia Dortmund best. Yet while Rangnick is happy with the 21-year-old’s improvement, he believes he can still score more goals and influence matches more. “I knew him since he was 17, when he flew with the English Under-17 team to Portugal,” stated the 63-year-old. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “I watched him together with Hudson-Odoi playing in the same team when I was with Leipzig. “Then he decided not to join us at Leipzig but to go to Borussia Dortmund. “He had four outstanding years there and became one of the best players in the Bundesliga. “It took him some time to get used to this different league and a different, more physical kind of football. “The Jadon Sancho that we’ve seen recently in the last eight weeks is getting closer to the one I knew from Germany. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “There is still more space for improvement for him. He could even get better: scoring more goals, being more influential on our game. “I think he’s on the right pathway right now.” Rangnick also hailed Anthony Elanga, saying the 19-year-old was really proving his worth at the current moment in time. “Yes, he’s a fantastic person, a great character,” he said. “Again, he’s also a player with talent, some weapons but he’s not a finished product. “He knows that and that’s the good thing about it: he knows he can get better and has to develop as a player but I don’t see why this shouldn’t happen. “If I look at the way he’s developed in the last three months since I came here, I don’t see why this, all of a sudden, should stop.” On the match with City, he added: “I played quite a few derbies with Schalke against Borussia Dortmund and I know what that means to the fans. “Sold-out stadium, fantastic atmosphere. It’s an important game for both teams and I’m looking forward to it. “I’m fully aware what that means but as I said, the derby of Schalke-Dortmund is one of the biggest derbies in Germany, if not in Europe, so I’m fully aware what that kind of game means.”