The French leader is hoping to win a coveted second term as President, when voters go to the polls on April 10. According to experts, Mr Macron is already mulling who to appoint in his next government, with some pointing at ECB leader Christine Lagarde as France's next Prime Minister. Eurasia Group director Mujtaba Rahman said: "Lots of speculation in Paris about make up of Emmanuel Macron's next government. "Many credible voices think Christine Lagarde as Prime Minister, Edouard Philippe as Foreign Minister and Clement Beaune as Finance Minister." Mr Macron is still being seen to lead the first round of the election with 28 percent of the votes against Marine Le Pen's 20 percent. But the incumbent President could face a nasty surprise. As many as four in 10 people, who intend to vote, remain undecided on who they will support, according to Adélaïde Zulfikarpasic. Ms Zulfikarpasic is the head of BVA Opinion, one of the most authoritative polling companies in France. She made her remarks in an interview with the channel Europe 1. At the same time, Mr Macron appears to be haemorrhaging support among young first-time voters. Thousands of youngsters turned up to a huge political rally held by Éric Zemmour in Paris on Sunday. They were among tens of thousands who gathered in front of the Eiffel Tower to hear the controversial far-right challenger speak. READ MORE: Germany on red alert: 'Early warning stage' of gas emergency declar... The 63-year-old journalist has called his political movement "Reconquête" (Reconquest) and has espoused hardline anti-immigration views. The political novice blames France's perceived decline on immigration. He attracted strong criticism from the nationalist Marine Le Pen, when promising to deport 100,000 immigrants each year if he were to be elected. Ms Le Pen described the proposal as deeply unfair and "anti-republican". At the time of announcing his candidacy, Mr Zemmour saw a surge in support. However, current polls have him in fourth position with around 10 percent of the vote. DON'T MISS:Ukraine War LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops forced to retreat [LIVE BLOG]Zelensky claims Putin's offer 'doesn't drown out Russian shells' [INSIGHT]Russia humiliated as $5bn in military equipment destroyed to Ukraine [ANALYSIS] Uncertainty about the election outcome was further stoked by a leading French political scientist. Dominique Reynié, head of the influential Fondapol thinktank, said Covid and the war in Ukraine had made the election unpredictable. He conceded that polling experts could not reliably call the result, despite Mr Macron's apparent healthy lead over his rivals. He said: “This is not an election like any other and I cannot see in any way that the result is certain. "We could say one thing today and tomorrow it could be different."