Charles Leclerc's manager, Nicolas Todt, claims that the Ferrari star benefitted from a Max Verstappen trait in Bahrain where he stormed to an impressive victory in the season's curtain-raiser. In 2022, fans broadly expected to see another fight between last year's top dogs, Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton, but Ferrari's early pace threatens to throw a major spanner in the works. Leclerc started the year in ideal fashion when he finished Saturday's final qualifying session on pole. Also benefitting from strong car performance, Verstappen came through to take second with Leclerc's team-mate, Carlos Sainz, in third. Ferrari managed to convert their promising pre-season showings into genuine race pace as Leclerc blazed a trail for the majority of the contest. Verstappen did mount an aggressive challenge for the lead at multiple points, but the Monegasque ultimately held his nerve to see the chequered flag first. After the race, Todt was full of praise for the 24-year-old who, he claimed, was beginning to exhibit the kind of maturity which Verstappen already has in his locker. "Of course he is more mature [now] like Max is," he told the F1 Nation podcast. DON'T MISS: Toto Wolff makes worrying Lewis Hamilton comment and disagrees with Mercedes engineer "It’s the fifth year in F1 for Charles, it matters a lot, especially when you fight drivers like Lewis, Max or Carlos. It has been very helpful today, he didn’t give up at some crucial points in the race when he got overtaken by Max and he was able to take back his position straight away. It was a turning point for the win." Indeed, Verstappen was able to use his maturity, which is unanimously held to be beyond his years, to pip Hamilton in a timeless battle for the world title last year. Despite being well over a decade younger, the Dutchman came through a tense, draining affair to topple one of the all-time greats. Red Bull's star driver could once again be among those vying at the top of the standings in 2022 with his team's pace narrowly trailing that of Ferrari. That being said, reliability issues may be a concern after he and Sergio Perez were forced to retire their cars in a disastrous end to their weekend in Bahrain. Mercedes' current pace leaves Hamilton and his new team-mate George Russell out of the equation, although the pair came through in third and fourth on Sunday to execute an impressive damage limitation job.  Mercedes engineer Andrew Shovlin has suggested that the Silver Arrows could pull off a number of quick fixes over the coming days to close the gap next time drivers take to the grid in Saudi Arabia. The extent to which a power shift on the grid takes place remains to be seen. "There is huge pressure on Ferrari," continued Todt, "When Mercedes or Red Bull fail or don’t do so well, the British press aren’t as tough on them as the Italian press are on Ferrari. It’s tough, but when you win you appreciate it even more."