The Chinese leader on Tuesday called for "maximum restraint" and said China is "pained to see the flames of war reignited in Europe".  Mr Xi described the situation in Ukraine as "worrying" and said the priority should be preventing it from escalating or "spinning out of control". The Chinese President made the comments during a virtual meeting with French President Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz. Mr Xi said the three countries should jointly support peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, Chinese state broadcaster CCTV reported. His comments come as China has refused to condemn Russia's actions in Ukraine or to call them an invasion. China's friendship with Moscow, strengthened last month when Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the opening ceremony of the Beijing Winter Olympics on the same day that the countries declared a "no limits" strategic partnership, has become awkward for China as the war in Ukraine escalates. On Monday, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi described his country's friendship with Russia as "rock solid". Mr Wang said the causes of the "Ukraine situation" were "complex" and had not happened overnight. Using a traditional Chinese expression, he added that "three feet of ice does not form in a single day". READ MORE: Russia 'let down' by 'appalling leaders' as Putin fails in Ukraine Mr Wang said: "Solving complex problems requires calmness and rationality, rather than adding fuel to the fire and intensifying contradictions." He added that China had already done "some work" to promote peace talks and had been in contact with both sides. He said: "China is willing to continue to play a constructive role in pushing for peace and promoting talks, and is willing to work with the international community to carry out necessary mediation when needed." DON'T MISSRussia-Ukraine: Truss says West took its eye off the ball [INSIGHT]Dr Shola rages at Priti Patel over massive visa delay in epic rant [VIDEO]Ukraine POLL: Should UK issue total ban on Russian crude oil? [POLL] Mr Wang said China's Red Cross will provide humanitarian aid to Ukraine "as soon as possible". It was the first time Beijing has announced such help. Mr Wang said the friendship between China and Russia was "rock solid" and prospects for cooperation bright. He said: "No matter how sinister the international situation is, both China and Russia will maintain their strategic determination and continuously push forward the comprehensive strategic partnership of coordination in the new era." It comes as Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine continues, with shelling seen in many civilian areas of the country. Moscow describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special operation". 