Moon Knight is the first MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) TV series to come out on Disney+ in 2022 and subscribers couldn't be more excited. Following the success of Hawkeye in the lead-up to Christmas last year, there are big expectations for this new action-packed series. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know to watch Moon Knight. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Moon Knight.Based on the comic book series of the same name, Moon Knight tells the story of gift shop employee Steven Grant (played by Oscar Isaac). His world is turned on its head when he finds out he has dissociative identity disorder, sharing his body with a mercenary called Marc Spector. As Steven is keen on keeping his life as normal as possible, Marc makes things a lot more difficult as he starts to investigate a deadly mystery. Together, they look into the gods of Egypt and one vengeful being in particular. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air Moon Knight is going to premiere on Wednesday, March 30, on Disney Plus. The time the action series will make its debut entirely depends on your geographical location. While the show may come out at exactly the same moment across the world, the time will differ due to various time zones. Moon Knight will be released just after midnight Pacific Time in America. But if you're living on the east coast, then it will be ready to watch from 3am ET (Eastern Time). Meanwhile, UK fans aren't going to be able to see Moon Knight until 8am BST (British Summer Time). The rest of Europe is roughly one hour behind the UK so the superhero series will be released there at around 9am. Much like previous Marvel series on Disney+, the whole season won't be available on the day of release. DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [FILMING]Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [EXPLAINER]Moon Knight cast: Who is in the Disney Plus series?  [CAST]  Instead, one new episode is going to come out each week with just the first instalment released on March 30. So there won't be any way of binge-watching the series which is good for those who don't want to see any spoilers. Moon Knight season one will consist of a total of six episodes. This means, as long as there are no schedule shake-ups, the finale will be out on Wednesday, May 4. Talking about his inspiration for portraying Steven, actor Isaac told NME: “I thought, ‘What’s an energy that I haven’t seen in the MCU before? "Like, what if someone asked Peter Sellers to be in a Marvel movie. “And then I thought of Karl Pilkington. i was watching a lot of An Idiot Abroad, not so much for the accent, but for the comedy of it: like, you often don’t know if he knows he’s being funny. "And there’s something a little bit naturally introverted about him, which I really liked a lot.” Moon Knight premieres on Wednesday, March 30, on Disney+.