The second outing of Bridgerton has just arrived on Netflix and the TV series remembers some of the stars. The first episode ends with a title card in memory of Marc Pilcher, who worked behind the scenes. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the touching tribute. The new season of the raunchy period drama sees Eloise Bridgerton (played by Claudia Jessie) become a debutante for the new social season. Unlike her older sister Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor), she is not looking forward to finding a match. Daphne returned for the special event, much to the delight of fans of the original series. Viewers were also introduced to Edwina (Charithra Chandran) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) who arrived from India. When the episode aired, the words 'In memory of Marc Pilcher' appeared on the screen. READ MORE: Why did Ben Miller leave Bridgerton as Lord Featherington? Marc Pilcher was a British hairstylist and make-up artist who won various awards for his work. In 2021 he received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Hairstyling for Bridgerton. The expert stylist had also been nominated for an award in 2018. He was up for the Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling for work on the film Mary Queen of Scots. His other credits include Beauty and the Beast, Downton Abbey, My Week in Marilyn, The Invisible Woman and The Young Victoria. Pilcher tested positive for Covid, which led to his death on October 3, 2021. He was 53 years old when he died, and had just received his Emmy in the September of that year. His family and friends told Variety in a statement via Curtis Brown: "Glamorous and extravagant, he brought his flair and style to every design. "Never limited in his thought process for his creations, he pushed boundaries and created work never realized before. “He was 53, double vaccinated with no underlying health condition.” DON'T MISS... 'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton to show 'vulnerability' [INSIGHT] Bridgerton boss admits there was 'nothing easy about making' the show [INTERVIEW] Jonathan Bailey partner: Who is the Bridgerton star dating? [EXPLAINER] Marc started his career in theatre, working on shows such as Aspects of Love and Sunset Boulevard. For 15 years he worked in London's West End and across the UK on various stage plays. He first entered the film and TV industry in the early 2000s. His subjects include Dame Judi Dench, Dame Maggie Smith, Madonna and Helena Bonham Carter. Nicola Coughlan, who plays Penelope Featherington in Bridgerton, paid tribute to the star on Instagram. She said: "Marc was so passionate about his work and so tremendously talented. "Not even a month ago he won his first Emmy award. It’s a tragedy that he’s been taken so young when he had so much yet to do." Sabrina Bartlett, who played Siena Rosso in the first season, shared a photo of herself in costume. She said: "This photo was taken by the brilliant @marcelliotpilcher just before we were about to film the Barcarolle. "Marc told me to close my eyes, then took a handful of glitter from the makeup box and sprinkled it over my head and shoulders, telling me to go out and shine. "Remembering Marc this Christmas and celebrating the magic of his work and spirit."  Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now. The series has already been renewed for a third season.