Nick Kyrgios has opened up on the work he has been putting in off the court while advancing to the round of 16 in Miami. The Aussie stunned fifth seed Andrey Rublev in under an hour before overcoming Fabio Fognini 6-2 6-4 on Sunday. Kyrgios has been without a coach for most of his career, something that has previously drawn criticism from pundits when he has been unable to produce big results. His team dynamic has also been something of intrigue as one of the few players who travels without a mentor and the 26-year-old has now revealed he puts in the work himself to improve tactically. Currently ranked down at world No 102, Kyrgios has been something of a new man this season. He returned from a four-month injury layoff to win the Australian Open doubles title alongside good friend Thanasi Kokkinakis, with his singles campaign coming to an early end against highest seed Daniil Medvedev in round two. He reached the quarter-finals in Indian Wells last week, equalling his career-best showing in the Californian desert, and is now through to the round of 16 in Miami after two impressive wins over seeded players. Kyrgios stunned fifth seed Andrey Rublev on Friday when he ended just 51 minutes to blow him off the court 6-3 6-0.  JUST IN: Murray's thoughts on Ivan Lendl training block after Medvedev loss  He then backed it up by dispatching 31st seed Fabio Fognini 6-2 6-4 on Saturday and will face another top player in the next round, either Pablo Carreno Busta or last year’s finalist Jannik Sinner. Explaining how he was able to produce such an impressive performance over Rublev in the second round, Kyrgios revealed the extent of his research into his rivals. “I don’t have a coach, I haven’t had a coach for four, five years now,” he said ahead of his win over Fognini. “I feel like tactically I’m one of the best players on tour, I feel like I’m very tactically switched on.” While most players enlist their coaches to watch footage of opponents to guide them on how to play the match, the former world No 13 took on that job himself.  DON'T MISSDjokovic given French Open advantage over Nadal in Grand Slam raceRaducanu branded 'princess' as former No 1 appears to take aim at BritNadal tipped for early injury return as Barcelona hope shared  “I do my own film research, I study players, I know what everyone’s strengths and what everyone’s weakness is,” he revealed. “And I think at the top of the sport everyone does, I think everyone knows where to play on big points and out to play. It’s just how well you execute, that’s all it is at the top of the sport.” The former semi-finalist in Miami explained how he executed his own plan against Rublev in the previous round, going down an early break 1-2 before winning 13 of the next 14 games for a 6-3 6-0 victory. “I didn’t start very well and as soon as I got that break back I kind of just opened up my shoulders a bit, got my feet moving and I just played the right way,” he explained. “I attacked his serve, tried to keep the points short, take it to him.” 