Planning for retirement may often take a back seat due to the demands of growing children on the one side and ageing parents on the other. However, Britons in their 30s, 40s, and 50s could try and focus on sorting out key documentation for themselves and their parents, such as Wills and powers of attorney to help save money in the long term. Tim Bennett, Head of Education at Killik & Co spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the importance of Wills in any financial plan, and how it can help alleviate financial burdens. Wills ensure that assets pass as someone intends rather than being subject to the fixed, statutory rules of intestacy and/or ending up under the supervision of the Court of Protection at a highly stressful time and suffering more tax than they should. He said: “A Will must be properly drafted and executed. “It is not something that should be done without careful planning. You would be unwise to cut corners. “It’s important to be aware of current legislation when writing a Will or getting one drafted for you. “Older wills may need updating, for example, to reflect the impact of the introduction of the Residents Nil Rate Band for property. “Wills should also be updated when the personal circumstances of either the testator or beneficiary change whether through moving home, divorce, retirement, disagreement (e.g. between family members), illness or even death.” Britons are also encouraged to talk to their loved ones about who they want to give their money to in advance. This is so everyone knows where they stand and there are no surprises that could cause rifts in the family. For example , people may not leave a large sum to someone because they think they will just spend it, or maybe they have already given them a lot of money when they were alive. It’s important for people to understand the rationale for the decision making wherever possible. Mr Bennett continued’: “A Will may be varied within two years of death if it is not tax efficient.  “Make sure an up to date list is maintained of who should be notified if someone dies and how to access everything from financial accounts and agreements to digital and social media records.” Careful Will drafting with the help of a specialist solicitor can have a significant impact upon the level of inheritance tax which will be paid. It provides an opportunity to assess the position and consider what steps can be taken to minimise the inheritance tax liability. The small cost of making a Will can represent excellent value when compared to the tax savings that can be made, he explained. Anything over the £325,000 limit can incur inheritance tax, which is 40 percent. But people can save by leaving everything over this limit to their spouse or civil partner. If the allowance limit isn’t used up, it can be used by a surviving partner when they die. Their home can be left to their spouse or partner tax-free, and the IHT limit rises to £500,000 if they leave it to their children. Early planning can reduce the IHT bill. For example, people could transfer money to beneficiaries as gifts during their lifetime.