Ajax technical manager Gerry Hamstra has hinted the club are preparing for the departure of Erik ten Hag following his interview with Manchester United. The 52-year-old tactician is now among the lead names in the frame for the Old Trafford hot-seat following the completion of his interview last week, in which he is understood to have impressed football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher.  Ten Hag is believed to be waiting for an offer from the United hierarchy as they ramp up their search for a new manager after also holding talks with other targets. Mauricio Pochettino is also understood to have held extensive talks with Murtough over the prospect of replacing Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Yet Ten Hag has continued to keep his cool amid the speculation as he focuses his efforts on finishing the season strongly with Ajax. Amsterdam Arena chief Hamstra is adamant the Dutchman's mindset is currently in the right place, despite hinting the club face an uphill battle to keep their highly-rated manager. READ MORE: Man Utd 'have now interviewed two other candidates' in addition to Erik ten Hag “It would be fantastic if Ten Hag is still our coach next season," he told Voetbal International. "He still has a contract but we all know how the world works. For now he is focused on this season, these important months. Time will tell what will happen after." Two other clubs are believed to be at the table for Ten Hag, one from England and one from Germany. The identity of those clubs currently remains unclear but Ten Hag has previously been linked with the Newcastle hot-seat. It's thought the Magpies were prepared to offer him a lucrative contract worth £10million per season in order to take over at St James' Park. Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal, who previously managed United for two seasons between 2014 and 2016, has urged Ten Hag to swerve Old Trafford to join "a football club" over a "commercial club." "Erik ten Hag is a great coach and that is always good for Manchester United," said Van Gaal. "But Manchester United are a commercial club, so it's a difficult choice for a coach. He'd better go to a football club. "I'm not going to advise him, he'll call me himself. But he must choose a football club and not a commercial club." United will have to pay close to £4m to free Ten Hag from his current Ajax contract. He extended his stay in Amsterdam last summer to fend off interest from Tottenham after holding talks with the Premier League club. A decision on his future and Untied's next manager is expected to be made within the next few weeks...