The stand-in BBC Breakfast host was speaking to Bridgerton stars Adjoa Andoh and Ruth Gemmell about the upcoming second series of the hit Netflix period drama. When she probed the actors about what viewers can expect in terms of sex scenes, she became flustered after being told she wouldn't be "disappointed". "Ruth - Lady Violet, do you mind me asking, is there as much sex in this one as the last one?" Victoria asked. "Well, I think the sex in this comes in a different way really," the Utopia star explained. "It's more about the 'will-you-won't-you' and the sexual tension, that's mainly where it's kind of focussed this season." "Okay," Victoria replied before Ruth quickly added: "But you won't be disappointed!" READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? Looking embarrassed, the 53-year-old replied: "I... I wasn't suggesting I - do you know what? I'm going to stop that." As her co-host Ben Thompson, 40, laughed, she quickly moved on from the question. "I'm going to play a clip featuring you, Ruth, where we see the eldest Bridgerton, Anthony, in search of a wife." After they watched a scene, Ben asked: "Ruth, did you ever expect season one to be such a success? "Because it's not about historical accuracy, is it? But that's not the point." "No," Ruth replied, as Ben went on: "This is about fun and drama and a bit of intrigue." "Yeah," Ruth agreed, before adding: "I think we knew that the novels were certainly very, very popular in other parts of the world. "So we knew that they had a really strong following. I think it took even us by surprise. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice candidate reveals 'scariest' interviewer 'Very intense' [EXCLUSIVE]BBC viewers slam Grant Shapps for calling for P&O boss to resign [VIDEO]EastEnders star Letitia Dean’s transformation leaves fans stunned [REACTION] "And given the time that it came out, it kind of gave everybody a bit of a lift, really. "It was a wonderful thing to be part of and I'm really proud to be part of it." After season one of the Regency-era drama focussed on Daphne Bridgerton's (played by Phoebe Dynevor) quest for love, the next series will tell Anthony's (Jonathan Bailey) story. Simone Ashley is the new star of the series, depicting the headstrong Kate Sharma. Both Kate and Edwina (Charithra Chandran) are set to put Anthony through his paces after arriving from India. Fans of the show enjoyed the escapism and drama of the first series and have been keen for further instalments. It seems they will definitely get their wish as series three and four have also been given the green light. Bridgerton season 2 is available to watch on Netflix now.