CBS’ highly anticipated procedural drama NCIS made its comeback after the 2022 Winter Olympics pushed the series into a mid-season break. The episode titled ‘The Helpers’ was flooded with praise as it was a major milestone for Brian Dietzen who also starred in the episode as Dr Jimmy Palmer.  In the opening scene of NCIS, viewers see Brian’s dead wife Breena Palmer (played by Michelle Pierce) telling him to open his eyes as he lay in a peaceful meadow. Then in the next scene, audiences were drastically transported to a reality where Jimmy and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) were clinging on to life. The two scientists had been exposed to a mysterious toxin and were sprawled on the ground of their lab sweaty, exhausted and weak. It was later revealed the toxin had entered through a flack which was found on a dead man's body, who had been crushed to death under a truck wheel.  READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life The deceased Philip Hanch had been dishonourably discharged from the army and the reason became clear when the team visited his trailer. They discovered he had been part of an extremist group, who had been planning to seek vengeance by creating another plague. When the bottle of the poison was discovered Alden Parker (Gary Cole) warned Kasie not to open it but it was too late. Almost immediately, the poison goes into lockdown in the lab alongside Kasie and Jimmy.  Fans were blown away by the episode and took to Twitter to share their praise for Dietzne who co-write the episode, as well as their excitement to see more from him. @paulinazaferiou commented: “Another one to the list of #ncis episodes that make me cry, fantastic job, [Brian Dietzen].” Chris Myers added: “The episode belongs in the Top 10 in NCIS. Yes, I see an arc coming.” Ed Klapak tweeted: ”Congratulations [Brian Dietzen] on a show well written!”  DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [NEWS]Jimmy Palmer daughter: Who is NCIS Victoria Palmer star Elle Graper? [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Viewers ‘emotional’ after Kensi and Deeks fuel pregnancy [REACTION] Tiffany Green exclaimed: “Who wrote this episode??? WHOEVER YOU ARE YOU NEED A PAY RAISE AFTER THE RATINGS AND TALK GOES ON AFTER THIS ONE! DEFINITELY AN EPISODE THAT WON'T BE FORGOTTEN.” Aninah_2303 agreed: “What a hell of episode was this! Thanks [Brian Dietzen] for wrote an amazing chapter for Jimmy, Kasie and little Victoria! I'm crying like a baby, but Jimmy's speech was soo, soo beautiful (sic).” Viewers watched as the isolation meant Jimmy was separated from his daughter Victoria (Elle Graper), who had joined her father at work. Thankfully, a trusted Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) was there to keep a watchful eye on Victoria, which was another side of the character fans swooned at.  The episode also saw Carol Wilson (Meredith Eaton) make a surprise appearance to use her immunologists' skills to help find a cure for the scientists. However, the wait became brutal for the two as they passed out from nosebleeds and began dreaming about dead loved ones and woke up to Torres and Vanessa banging on the glass yelling for them to wake up. When they got up, Jimmy believed his fate was doomed and told his daughter to “believe in the helpers of the world,” and nodded at Torres, who nodded back. Using his last strength Jimmy tells Victoria she’ll be an amazing helper one day, he held hands with Kasie and they waited for the end together, but thankfully at the last moment, Carole rushed in and injected them both with the antidote. NCIS season 19 is available to stream on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 