Jose Mourinho has boasted about his trophy haul once again as he made a brutal dig at critic Zdenek Zeman. The Portuguese boss has been in charge of Roma since July, but has failed to live up to expectations at the Stadio Olimpico, with his side currently sitting outside the European qualification places in Serie A. Roma host Lazio in the Derby della Capitale on Sunday evening and desperately need a win to climb back into the top six. Lazio, who are currently fifth, won the reverse fixture in a thrilling game in September, with former Roma boss Zeman selecting them as the favourites for Sunday's clash. “Lazio are favourites. But in the derby the hierarchies are often not respected and the team that is stronger or fitter does not win. It’s not a question of preference. Sarri is doing better, he has already given Lazio an identity. Mourinho has failed to meet expectations so far," Zeman said. “Not on a communication level, but in the quality of the football he expresses. Roma still don’t understand what they want to do on the pitch, while Lazio are more square. Everyone has difficulties when teams don’t work. But you have to agree on what we should expect from Roma. If they asked Mourinho for the Scudetto with these players, then they were wrong." READ MORE: Mourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failure Zeman has taken charge of Roma in two seperate spells, though failed to win a trophy while in charge of I Giallorossi. In fact, despite having 23 spells as a manager, the only trophies he has won is one Serie C title and two Serie B titles, a fact that Mourinho used to hit back at the current Foggia boss. “My response might be one you aren’t really expecting – but my response is that a coach with 25 trophies to his name doesn’t need to answer to a coach with two Serie B titles, which is all he has on his CV. I can’t respond to that," Mourinho said. “If you had asked me the question in relation to something Giovanni Trapattoni or Fabio Capello had said [about the two teams], then maybe I would be required to answer to it. But with Zeman I don't have to answer.” DON'T MISS: Mourinho performs transfer U-turn as Tottenham 'closely' monitor (TRANSFERS)Tammy Abraham continues to show Chelsea what they're missing (INSIGHT)Tottenham 'face £21m fee' to sign Mourinho outcast for Conte rebuild (NEWS) The derby in September was played before a limited crowd due to Italy's Covid-19 restrictions, rules that have since been changed to allow a near-full stadium. And Mourinho is excited to see how his players will fare in the unforgiving atmosphere of a derby. “It’s a derby and that can never be a game like the others, it always has something more. I have played many derbies in my time, but I am accustomed to excitement. The last time, it was basically behind closed doors and that is not a real derby. Now we are getting close to normality," he said. “The great thing about a derby is you can’t tell who is the home team and who isn’t. The derby without fans just isn’t a derby. The thing that struck me about Roma fans was the affection, even before coming here. Usually you have to earn affection and work for it, but they opened their hearts without receiving anything in return.”