Paul Pogba's fitness trainer has taken aim at Manchester United for lacking ambition in competing for silverware with the midfielder set to leave in the summer. When Pogba returned to Old Trafford back in 2016 for what was then a world record fee worth in the region of £89million, there was plenty of excitement over what he could achieve at the club. Pogba has shown flashes of his talents at United, but he's similarly struggled for consistency. The Frenchman has often come under scrutiny for his below-par performances and now looks increasingly likely to leave at the end of the season. A number of clubs are circling to sign Pogba, who is still regarded as one of the best midfielders in world football on his day. Ralf Rangnick made the surprise admission back in January that Pogba was likely going to spend the next few months trying to impress potential suitors. JUST IN: Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumours  "My contract as a manager is also expiring in the summer. For us we have the same goal," Rangnick said. "We have the same ambition to be as successful as we can possibly be in the next three or four months." He added: "Even if it’s only to show enough for a new contract elsewhere, he will be highly motivated to do that and why should I then not play him?" Pogba's fitness trainer has now 'confirmed' that the France international will leave when his contract expires in June. DON'T MISS  And 'Coach Maddy' took a sly dig at United for their recent inability to challenge for trophies on a regular basis. "Regarding Pogba, at the end of June he will no longer be a Manchester United player," he told Calciomercato. "I think it is right for him to look elsewhere, perhaps Manchester also wants to renew themselves and the most sensible thing is to separate. "The time will come to change and try new challenges, new emotions, new environments for both Pogba and Manchester, to try something different and maybe they will both be happy. "Right now I think he’s enjoying himself, they have a good team, especially since Ronaldo decided to return. "The problem is that the results don’t come. A top player doesn’t waste his time on minor competitions, he wants to be motivated to play for ambitious trophies. "Paul can return to Juve, he has good relations with the Bianconeri but he could also be at PSG. I think PSG needs a midfielder like him and he could go and play in France. "At Real Madrid I would exclude him because there is no longer Zidane, he would have gone only in that case. Juve or PSG at the moment, but you never know what can happen, we’ll see."