Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak is under scrutiny after announcing his Spring Statement yesterday. He responded to the highest inflation in three decades with a 5p-a-litre cut in fuel duty and a £3,000 increase in the threshold for national insurance contributions. However, he faced immediate and widespread criticism for failing to shield pensioners and those dependent on state benefits from the impact of a cost of living crisis. A snap poll carried out by YouGov on Wednesday suggested the public were underwhelmed by Sunak’s Spring Statement. Just six percent of people said he had done enough to tackle the cost of living crisis, while 69 percent felt he had not done enough. Those reliant on the state pension will likely be among those who are not impressed. Many anticipated that Mr Sunak could announce a bigger increase to the state pension or even just a one-off payment. Earlier this week, Becky O’Connor, head of pensions at Interactive Investor, told the Guardian that the situation is "worse now than ever" for those with private pensions too. Interactive Investor figures show its customers withdrew a quarter more from their private pensions in January as the cost of energy, food and petrol went up. The figures have prompted concern that pensioners will not have enough money to see them through retirement. She said: “It’s the existential angst perennially faced by retirees on limited means, whose pensions have to last the rest of their lives. “But it’s worse now than ever as a result of diminishing stock market returns and high inflation, which both erodes the value of the pot and puts pressure on people to withdraw more. “Withdrawing more from a diminishing pot means a higher risk of running out of money later on. You may take the view that you need it now, whereas you might not need it in 10 or 20 years when you reach your 80s. “That might turn out to be true, but even when you are 80, there can be unexpected calls on your income that you could need to cover.” Those reliant on the state pension are also feeling the squeeze. READ MORE: Drivers urged to save on petrol and diesel costs with simple tyre hack Because the Government announced last year that the triple lock will be suspended for the next financial year, the state pension is set to increase by 3.1 percent, in line with September's inflation figure. However, with inflation expected to rise further, those on the state pension will endure a real-terms cut to their income. Britain's cost of living crisis got worse in February as official figures released this week showed inflation has reached a 30 year-high at 6.2 percent. Figures from the Office for National Statistics showed a jump in the government’s preferred measure of the cost of living from 5.5 percent in January, fuelled by the rising cost of petrol and diesel and a wide range of goods from food to toys and games. The Bank of England has previously predicted that inflation could exceed seven percent before the end of this year. DON'T MISS Sunak destroys SNP claim 'nothing in Spring Statement for Scotland’ [INSIGHT] 'Wildly unrealistic!' Tory MP slams Peston over public sector pay [ANALYSIS] Fury erupts as Britons slam 'false 5p cut' [INSIGHT] Baroness Ros Altmann, who is a former pensions minister, told Express.co.uk in November that ditching the triple lock would "cost lives". She said: "We already know that pensioners were struggling to make ends meet if they only had the state pension payments, and given the rise of prices is effecting basic goods like food and energy, they will increasingly this winter will have to choose between keeping warm and keeping fed. "It could well cost lives. "The fact is the Government have taken money off the poorest people in the country, and I don't believe that is fair. "I believe that is an absolute betrayal, I really do feel this was a very wrong decision. "I hope the fuss we make this year will mean that this doesn't happen again."