Manchester United's interim boss Ralf Rangnick will almost certainly step down at the end of the season, and Gary Neville has revealed his theory on Erik ten Hag as the club target a long-term appointment. Manchester United were thrashed by noisy neighbours Manchester City on Sunday, as the Premier League champions eased to a 4-1 victory at the Etihad Stadium. The manner at which City ripped United apart was a concern, and it highlighted the major gulf in class between the two sides. It was Ralf Rangnick's first Manchester derby, and most likely his last as the interim United boss is only expected to take charge until the end of the season. And United legend Gary Neville has given his theory about Erik ten Hag potentially becoming their new boss, after City proved just how much work is needed at Old Trafford.  THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It was a masterclass from City as Kevin De Bruyne ran the show in the middle of the park, but at one stage the game was level as Jadon Sancho equalised to give United hope. But hope was quickly drained as United downed tools in the second half, and Roy Keane even accused them of "giving up" as the game slipped away from them. Rangnick hasn't done a bad job at United since coming in to steer the ship, and it was only his second Premier League defeat, but the club aren't one to appoint short-term managers. And that's why Neville thinks that it's imperative that they get their summer business right, and he believes that United will go all out for ten Hag at the end of the season.  DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  Neville told Sky Sports: "They didn’t want Conte, they want to appoint Ten Hag or Pochettino, a young, up and coming manager for the long-term. "I suspect they’re favouring Ten Hag for what they want moving forward, but they won’t appoint Rangnick, he’ll hand over his report and move into a consultancy role next season." Mauricio Pochettino has been the other main candidate linked with the United job for some time, but Neville thinks that it would be a risk to try and appoint the Paris Saint Germain boss. Neville added: "They’ve got a real risk with Pochettino, with Paris Saint-Germain could let him go if they get knocked out of the Champions League, but if they go and win it then it’s harder for United to go and get him because PSG don’t need the money, they’ll just hold onto him."  In that situation, they run the risk of missing out on ten Hag, or at least delaying progress for another season as if they unsuccessfully target Pochettino, they'll be left short-handed. Regardless on who comes in, Rangnick could have a messy situation to hand over, and Neville is sure that he will be rightly furious after their poor second half performance against City. Neville said: "He could unload on a few of those in that changing room, I think there’s serious problems in that dressing room. You imagine Rangnick is information gathering and will pass it on to the next manager." Rangnick is expected to move on to a consultancy role, just like he was at former club Lokomotiv Moscow before United snapped him up, and Neville is sure that whatever happens, it won't be him in charge next season. He added: "He’s more suited to a consultancy role, but now he’s come in to get the club to the end of the season, get an inside look at the club and decide who’s on the bus for next season. "He is not the manager of Manchester United for next season." 