Tensions have mounted during Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's trip surrounding the British monarchy's role within the slave trade and the Cambridges are yet to make any mention to address this. Speaking on Lorraine, the Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers however suggested the Duke and Duchess will discuss the situation when asked whether the royal couple knew that this was going to happen. Mr Myers said: "Well, they are very aware of it. "You can't fail to recognise both the protests earlier in the week in Belize, that was an indigenous group who were complaining that they weren't necessarily told about the visit or their arrival into Jamaica. "There was a slightly larger protest, probably about 60 to 100 people campaigning on the platform of reparations for the British monarchy's role within the slave trade. "People there were saying that the monarchy have benefitted from the blood, sweat and tears of the people of the Caribbean. "It's a very, very sensitive issue." READ MORE: Prince Philip 'spitting blood' at Megxit: Furious Duke told aide 'we were wrong' on Meghan He added: "I do understand that Kate and William are aware of it and it is something they will have to tackle on this royal tour." Prince William and Kate are currently on the second leg in their eight-day royal tour, which began on Saturday. The tour is the first major overseas trip since before the Covid pandemic began. The trip was largely an enviromentally themed one but has taken place at a crucial time for the institution. It coincided with a time in which several Commonwealth nations are considering currenting ties with the British monarchy. READ MORE: GB news: ‘Shame!’ Dan Wootton lashes out at Meghan Markle amid Jamaica’s royal tour row Due to the tensions, it is speculated that the Queen could be at risk of removal from her position of head of state in Jamaica before the year is over. Barbados formally removed Her Majesty as its head of state back in November, with Prince Charles in attendance at the handover ceremony as guest of honour. The Queen is not only the head of state in the UK and Jamaica but also in 15 other countries, including Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Despite no actual confirmation, the removal of the Queen as head of state could be a "swift process" and could happen as early as August this year. August is also the month that Jamaica will celebrate its 60th independence anniversary. DON'T MISS: JK Rowling slammed for mocking typo over 'virtue signalling' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle's engagement ring connects her to Harry's 'purpose' [ANALYSIS]Kate is 'traditional' mother while Meghan 'makes her own way' [COMMENT] Speaking in Vox’s 2021 documentary ‘Royalty, Explained’, Carolyn Cooper, Jamaican author, and media personality called on Jamaica to follow Barbados’ lead and remove the Queen as head of state. She added: “I think having the Queen of England as the head of state of Jamaica is really ridiculous in the 21st Century. “It’s time to get rid of the Queen as head of state”. She added: “Britain’s wealth was fuelled by slavery.”