For gardeners, combatting garden pests might feel like an ongoing struggle, especially if you have lots of flowers, foliage or vegetables growing. Pests can range from bugs that nibble at your leaves, to larger vermin which can easily spread disease around your garden. Here are four garden pests to keep an eye out for this spring. Aphids include critters such as greenfly and blackfly. They are usually identified by their appearance, typically around 5mm long, with or without wings. Often they are quite slow-moving, and feast on the sap of your plants. This sap-sucking can distort plant growth and excrete a sticky substance on which sooty moulds can grow. Some aphids may even transmit plant viruses. In some cases, it is possible to see aphid colonies with the naked eye. These bugs often colonise in shoot ops, flower buds and the underside of leaves. You might notice your plant has stopped growing or has curled leaves which can weaken the plants. The Royal Horticultural Society (RHS) recommends both non-pesticide and pesticide-based control methods. READ MORE: How to clean your fridge with baking soda and white vinegar These can be as simple as encouraging the natural enemies of aphids in the garden, such as ladybirds or earwigs. However, in the spring aphid colonies can progress before natural enemies are active in sufficient numbers. You may be able to purchase natural enemies for control of aphids in greenhouses. The RHS advises against the use of chemical pesticides, but if necessary, these should only be used in a “minimal and highly targeted manner”. On fruit trees and shrubs, overwintering aphid eggs can be destroyed using a plant oil winter wash. Organic sprays may also give good control of aphids, though will require reapplication. DON'T MISS Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share hack to achieve the ‘softest’ towels [COMMENT]Gardening: Use newspaper hack to permanently’ prevent weeds growing [EXPLAINER]What to prune in March: Garden design expert shares top tips [INSIGHT] Slugs are one of the most common pests in UK gardens and will be emerging in their numbers as the weather grows milder. Slugs typically eat holes in leaves, stems, flowers, tubers and bulbs. Not only does this damage the plant initially, but it can also cause further damage throughout the year. Seedlings and new growth are most at risk during the spring months, so March is a great time to up your defences against this common pest. For vegetables and flower beds, many gardeners opt to use slug pellets, which are placed onto the soil to ward off slugs. Alternatively, you can use serrated copper tape which is a great deterrent. This wire emits a small electric shock when slugs touch it, stopping them from passing the line. Some gardeners also use crushed eggshells around their plants to keep slugs at bay. Vine weevil is a beetle-like insect that can feed on an array of ornamental plants and fruit. They have a particular taste for those grown in containers. Adult bugs will eat the leaves while the grubs will feast on the plant roots. Adult weevils are around 9mm long and are a dull black shape. You may notice changes to the shape of your leaf margins during the summer. Grubs have a plump, white, legless appearance and are likely found near the roots. You may notice your plants wilt and die during the spring as a result of grubs eating the roots. Non-pesticide control methods include picking off adult weevils by hand. This is best done on an evening in the spring and summer. Sticky barriers can be placed around pots of greenhouses. Encouraging natural petters such as birds, frogs or hedgehogs may also help. If you want to use a pesticide, ornamental potted plants can be treated with the systemic neonicotinoid insecticide acetamiprid which is applied to the compost. However, this can not be used for plants grown in the ground. Even when it appears weevils have been combatted, they can return in huge numbers, so keeping on top of the area is crucial. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Rats are unwelcome visitors to the garden, often categorised as vermin because of their ability to spread disease. They commonly set up nests beneath decking, in sheds, near greenhouses and beneath compost helps. The best way to combat rats is by focussing on prevention methods. Keeping your garden clean and ensuring there is not any food for rats to feed on is key. If you have bird feeders, make sure the food is stored safely and can not be accessed by creatures other than birds. Ensure your lawn is regularly owned, and there is no heavy growth for rats to hide out within. Make sure you continually keep a lookout in areas where rats may be prone to nesting and block any access to decking, sheds or other garden buildings. There is some evidence to suggest rats dislike peppermint, and it masks their pheromone trails. One method is to dip cotton wool balls in peppermint oil and place them in areas where rats may be likely to pass.