Russia could escalate efforts in Ukraine by turning towards chemical, biological and nuclear weapons, the West has warned. Vladimir Putin's troops have spent the last 20 days stationed in Ukraine in what the Kremlin has described as a "special military operation". Russian forces have been spotted attacking civilian locations and have even launched an airstrike on a maternity ward at a hospital in the city of Mariupol. However, in an intelligence update, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has claimed Russia could be planning to use chemical or biological weapons in yet another 'false-flag' operation. The MoD said on Twitter: "Russian accusations that Ukraine intends to use chemical and biological weapons continue. "We have seen no evidence to support these accusations. JUST IN: Newsnight: Polish officials warn of ‘defending every inch’ of NATO after attack by border "Russia could possibly be planning to use chemical or biological weapons in a ‘false-flag’ operation. "Such an operation could take the form of a faked attack, a staged ‘discovery’ of agents or munitions or fabricated evidence of alleged Ukrainian planning to use such weapons. "Intelligence suggests Russia likely intended to use ‘false-flag’ operations to justify their initial invasion of Ukraine on February 24. "A ‘false-flag’ attack would almost certainly be accompanied by extensive disinformation to complicate attribution." READ MORE: Sanction India! Britons furiously call for action with country set to BAIL OUT Russia However, the UK isn't the only nation in the West which has warned Russia could use chemical weapons. Jen Psaki, Joe Biden's White House Press Secretary, told reporters yesterday: "There’s no question: if Russia were to decide to use chemical weapons, there would be a severe reaction from the global community." Other officials even suggest there is a growing prospect of nuclear conflict. United Nations secretary-general Antonio Guterres said: "Raising the alert of Russian nuclear forces is a bone-chilling development. DON'T MISSIndia forced to apologise after 'accidentally' firing missile [NEWS]Disgust after India refuses to vote against Russia [REVEAL]India orders immediate evacuation of citizens from Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] "The prospect of nuclear conflict, once unthinkable, is now back within the realm of possibility." He added: "It's time to stop the horror unleashed on the people of Ukraine and get on the path of diplomacy and peace." Russian forces attacked Europe's largest nuclear power plant on March 4. However, the Zaporizhzhia site did not release any radioactive material in the attack, a watchdog confirmed.