Netflix’s popular sequel series sets the action 100 years after the events of Ragnar Lothbrok (played by Travis Fimmel) and his clan’s adventures in Scandinavia. Although the flagship Vikings series came to an end on Amazon Prime in 2020, original cast member Josefin Asplund told Express.co.uk there could be a chance for some familiar faces to pop up in future seasons. Former Vikings regular Josefin confirmed she’d love to take part in Netflix’s spin-off, Vikings: Valhalla, in an upcoming season. She previously portrayed the shieldmaiden Astrid throughout the fourth and fifth seasons of History’s popular medieval drama. Unfortunately, her character was killed off during a climactic scene with Lagertha (Katheryn Winnick) in the penultimate season. Even so, there could still be a way for new showrunner Jeb Stuart to bring back some of the original cast in visions or flashbacks. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family When Express.co.uk asked Josefin if she’d like to return, she cautioned: “It depends. “It depends on what way. But yeah, hell yes. It would be fun.” Astrid was first introduced in season four as part of Lagertha’s court in Hedeby, whereupon she was trained in the arts of love and war. She eventually became her lover and one of her fiercest soldiers, before her journey took a dark turn in season five. After being kidnapped by Harald Finehair (Peter Franzén), Astrid was forced into marriage, making her the Queen of the Kingdom of Vestfold-Rogaland. However, her story came to a tragic end when Lagertha killed Astrid and her unborn baby per her request, as she refused to live a life as Harald’s prisoner. As Netflix’s sequel has moved the story forward by an entire century, Josefin wouldn’t be able to reprise her role if Valhalla continues chronologically. Still, there may be a chance for Astrid to return in flashbacks, or for the actress to take on a completely different character in a future instalment. DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Katheryn Winnick reunites with co-star [INSIGHT]Caitriona Balfe on difficulties of shooting Outlander pregnant [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA season 13: Callen fears for Hetty’s safety [VIDEO]  Josefin confirmed she already has a number of connections to the series which could convince her to return to her most iconic role. She explained: “One of the leads, Frida Gustavsson, is one of my friends in Stockholm. So, it would be great to join. “And the whole team is the same team as well, so it would be great to join that. So, what the heck! Why not?” Relative newcomer Frida forms Valhalla’s main cast alongside Leo Suter, Sam Corlett and Bradley Freegard. Her performance as the female warrior Freydís Eiríksdóttir has already drawn comparisons to Katheryn and Josefin’s shieldmaidens. As the series has already been confirmed for a second and third season by Netflix, Valhalla’s cast of powerful women could be about to expand. Whether Astrid appears in a vision to the new heroes or Josefin turns up as a completely new character, the actress is certainly ready to don the armour again if she gets the call. Vikings: Valhalla is available to stream on Netflix.