When Boreham Wood right-back Kane Smith steps out onto the Goodison Park turf tonight, with the famous Z-Cars anthem blaring out in the background, he will be fulfiling a life-long dream which he can still scarcely believe is coming true. The 26-year-old was one of the stars of the show as Non-League Wood stunned Championship side Bournemouth with an epic 1-0 scalp in the FA Cup fourth round last month. Their prize is a trip to Liverpool to face Smith's childhood team Everton in what has been built up as one of the most highly-anticipated ties in years given the mammoth 79 places separating the two sides in the football pyramid. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, the excitable and affable Smith admits that the whole thing has still not quite sunk in. "As soon as the Bournemouth game finished I received so many messages, the majority being from Everton fans wishing me luck," he says, beaming ear to ear. "They just can’t belive I’m going to get to play out a dream they’ve all wanted their whole lives. "The response has been fantastic, and everyone has told me what a great reception I'm going to get at Goodison. It’s been pretty overwhelming. "My dad has been a Blue his whole life, since the 1960s, and a big part of my family are all Everton fans from near St Helens - although on my mum’s side my grandad supports Liverpool! "Dad took me to Everton games as a kid and it was a big part of my childhood. On Thursday I'm actually picking up tickets for the Monday night game at Tottenham. I might have to wear a hood in the away end to avoid getting mobbed!" Smith's story is certainly right up there with the numerous feel-good ones which have come along in the FA Cup over the years. Nevertheless, he insists he and his side are not just turning up for a big day out. "We've done plenty of preparation, and the gaffer's (Luke Garrard) attention to detail is incredible," Smith adds. "We always work on how to exploit the opposition's weaknesses, and although there aren't many for Everton, we've got a couple of plans that we want to try to pull off. "We’re not a bad side and we do the ugly things well so I’m sure it will be an interesting game. Personally I'd love to play against the big guns. The youngsters are full of energy with plenty to prove but the big players may get a bit complacent, and if that happens we may just get half a chance of a result." Those who watched the raucous celebrations after the Bournemouth win will have seen Smith parading around the pitch donning the unlikely name of Tony Hibbert on his shirt - his Everton idol growing up. "I got to have a Zoom call last week with him through Everton," Smith reveals, his eyes lighting up. "He’s been such a good sport with it all. He has moved to France now, and I don’t think he expected to see his name everywhere! But he’s been great." Smith has already admitted that he is looking to get his hands on Brazilian forward Richarlison's shirt at full-time, but there is another developing Everton star who he is particularly looking forward to going up against. "Anthony Gordon is a real young talent," he says. "He's been Everton’s breath of fresh air in what has been a really bad season. He’s definitely going to be a tough one to mark because he’s so sharp. "The energy Frank Lampard has brought in has been fantastic. The fans are right behind him because he’s interacting with them - something Rafa Benitez didn’t do. With regards to his style of play, every team wants to press nowadays and I think he’ll do that successfully at Everton. Fingers crossed it doesn’t start on Thursday, but it’s promising signs ahead." So, does Smith have any predictions ahead of the biggest night of his life? "The dream would be for us to take them to extra-time, because it would mean I could play that little bit longer at Goodison!" he laughs. "Realistically they should comfortably beat us, but I'll take a 2-0 or 3-0 defeat. "I'm just looking forward to the whole occasion. We're staying overnight afterwards and the chairman has booked a function room in the hotel, so it will be great to spend some time with friends and family. "The requests for tickets have just been silly, some of them from friends that I haven't spoken to for years. But that's what the FA Cup is all about, and I cannot wait."