Manchester United ace Marcus Rashford has recently been linked with a shock move to Liverpool, who are keeping a close eye on the 24-year-old's situation at Old Trafford, according to reports. Rashford has largely been restricted to a bit-part role since Ralf Rangnick took charge at United back in November and has struggled to impress on a consistent basis for the Red Devils over the last few years. The England marksman is said to be weighing up the possibility of a move away from United in the near future after growing frustrated with life in the periphery. There is thought to be no shortage of early interest in Rashford's services, with the likes of Barcelona and Liverpool already monitoring the situation closely, according to the Manchester Evening News.It would be a major surprise if Rashford eventually joins Liverpool due to his Manchester roots and his affection for United, the club that he joined at the age of seven and has spent the entirety of his professional career with to date. However, a move to Anfield does not appear to be outside the realms of possibility if the forward ultimately decides to seek a new challenge in the not-too-distant future.Jurgen Klopp is known to be an admirer of Rashford in spite of the latter's United connections and may well be tempted to launch an ambitious bid to secure his signature if the opportunity presents itself further down the line. The German coach spoke of his affection for the player after he forced the UK government into an embarrassing U-turn over their free school meals policy back in 2020. JUST IN: Frank Lampard admits 'harsh truths' he has told Everton players "I am not sure I can find any better words than much smarter people have said but what Marcus has started there is absolutely incredible, it is so nice," the Liverpool boss told reporters at the time. "And with all the rivalry between the clubs, in these moments we are as footballers and as human beings always united."It’s just nice to show in a time when obviously a lot of people who are really in charge of something and don’t show any sign of proper leadership, that a boy grown up in difficult circumstances and blessed with sensational talent, obviously, never forgot his roots and where he is coming from, that he has to do it. "It is a bit of a shame that he has to do it but it is wonderful as well. I hope his mother is really proud of him, I don’t know him but even I am proud of him. And he plays for United which makes it really tricky!"It remains to be seen whether Rashford would entertain the possibility of joining Liverpool, though, with Barcelona potentially able to provide him with the same fresh start minus the risk of destroying his relationship with United and the club's supporters. The Catalan giants are said to be targeting the addition of at least one new forward ahead of next season and only time will tell as to whether Rashford will be the right man to fit the bill. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE