Home and Security Editor Mark White sat down on GB News to talk about the deaths of two of Russia's top military Generals. Russian President Putin is waging a bloody war on neighbouring Ukraine. Nearly two weeks into the battle to take Ukraine, two of Russia's top Generals Major General Vitaly Gerasimov and General Andrei Sukhovetsky were killed during the battle. Mr White gave expert insight into how common it was for high ranking army officials to die, and the security expert went on to discuss what a blow it would be for Putin.  Mr White said: "All I know is, thinking back to how many people of that rank have been killed in the Western military, I can't really think of a British member of the military as high ranking as that. "That has been killed in recent years at all, you'll probably have to go back to the second world war. "Even then I'm not sure you're talking about General rank, deaths. "Maybe our viewers and listeners will know better and they can let us know. JUST IN:'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats     Mr White added: "I think in the American military there was a Lieutenant General, I think he was killed in Afghanistan in 2014. "Because it was an attack... It was an Afghan soldier at a military base in Afghanistan that shot him and some other high ranking officials, dead. "It's very rare, and for Russia to lose two, in less than a week when they're trying to prosecute their war, and not getting as far as they like clearly in terms of the advances, it is a blow!" Many have questioned why Russia has taken so slow to advance further into Ukraine.  READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine    Professor Michael Clarke pointed out what he believes to be a  major flaw in Russia's military strategy, claiming Russian troops are getting "thinner and thinner". He added: "So the push gets harder the further away you are from your base. "At some point, the Russians will start to run out of troops strange as it may seem." Answering the question of how long until Kyiv is totally surrounded by Russian forces,  Mr Clarke said: "Well, it's hard to tell, they've made very hard work of it so far. "But we have to expect that in the next let's guess three-four days, Kyiv will probably be surrounded and then the next phase of this fairly awful war will begin to unfold" DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence boss British Defence Secretary Ben Wallace also claimed Putin is losing troops on BBC Radio 4 this morning. Mr Wallace said: "This will be Putin's end ... and so it should be. "It would be an impossible task to occupy such a people and a country." "No one will be taking his phone calls in the long term. He has exhausted his army, he's responsible for thousands of Russian soldiers being killed, responsible for innocent people being killed ... He is reducing his economy to zero ... he has to take responsibility for that." 