Since February 24, Russian troops have invaded Ukraine under a “special military operation”, causing massive damage and a major exodus of Ukrainians from the country. Now, European leaders have said the impact of Russia’s invasion could cause havoc on Ukrainian farming, which then impacts food prices. Klaus-Peter Lucht, vice-president of the Schleswig-Holstein Farmers' Association, warned Vladimir Putin’s invasion could see a surge in the cost of bread. According to German outlet Die Bild, discounter Aldi has already increased prices for 150 products. According to "Lebensmittel Zeitung", one kilogramme of wheat flour now costs 45 instead of 39 cents, an increase of 15.6 percent. Wholemeal sliced bread (500 g) costs 89 instead of 79 cents, an increase of 12.7 percent. And 500 grams of penne rigate recently cost 69 instead of 49 cents, an increase of 40.8 percent. Ukraine is a major exporter of wheat worldwide, and also supplies the UK. Mr Lucht said “bread could soon cost ten euros" amid the surge of prices. He also claimed some products could even disappear from the shelves altogether, such as sunflower and rapeseed oil and apricot jam. The Central Association of the German Bakery Trade said Germany and the EU have a degree of self-sufficiency in grain, occasionally full sufficiency. However, they added “the crisis and an export ban will drive up grain prices in the short term, and supply chains and routes will change”. They then said: “In this respect, world market prices also influence our price level.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Uncomfortable truth' EU shackles laid bare Meanwhile, UK Environment Secretary George Eustice warned the price of chicken in the UK will spike. Speaking at the Food and Drink Federation's annual conference on Tuesday, Mr Eustice said the price of wheat, which the poultry sector uses for its chicken feed, had already doubled as a result of Russia's invasion. While the UK is largely self-sufficient with wheat production, producing 80 percent of its own, the impact of global prices will directly impact consumers at home. Mr Eustice also warned that although the soaring price of wheat is unlikely to lead to shortages of chickens on supermarkets shelves, it will inevitably force producers to raise their prices as they are paying more for their feed. In his speech at the conference, the Environment Secretary said: “It shouldn't lead to a drop in supply but it's likely that there's going to be a cost pressure there that's going to feed through the system. "Speaking roughly, there are three or four very large poultry producers in this country. "They have a situation where feed costs account for around half of their input costs, and they're seeing a cost pressure of around 20-30 percent. “At some point, that's got to feed through the system.” The US has also seen food prices surge following the invasion of Ukraine, with American farmers saying the costs of fuel and fertilizer are rising. Nicole Berg, owner of a 21,000-acre farm in Washington state, told CNBC: “The issue we’re having right now is that input costs are going up even more than the price of wheat. “We have to put the deposit down so I have money going out, but I can’t even get the [no-till seed] drill until possibly the fall of 2024.” Scott Irwin, an agricultural economist at the University of Illinois, also told the broadcaster: “Basically, what has to happen from a crisis like this with potentially seismic level loss of wheat supplies around the world, is places like the United States will draw down the reserves.” Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg