Following his heartbreak in Abu Dhabi in December, Lewis Hamilton will return to the Formula 1 track next weekend in the 2022 season opener in Bahrain. Hamilton was left devastated after the 2021 finale, after being pipped by rival Max Verstappen on the very final lap of the campaign for the world championship. A two-month radio silence followed from the Englishman, and this led many within the sport to believe that the seven-time world champion was contemplating retirement. Despite that, Hamilton is back for another season as he chases a record eighth championship in 2022. Whilst fans are more than aware of the 37-year-old’s profile on the track, Hamilton’s life on it is a tad more private, especially his current love life. Despite recent speculation it is believed that Hamilton is currently single, but he is no stranger to having his relationships in the spotlight. Most recently the Englishman was linked with a relationship with 23-year-old model Camila Kendra. The pair have reportedly been friends for a number of years, however over the past few months fans had speculated that the pair had taken their relationship to the next level. In spite of this a representative for Kendra told the Express that Hamilton and the 23-year-old were ‘just friends’. They said: “[Camila's] main focus is her professional modelling career. Ikon Management as her manager have her signed to Elite Miami, Next London and The Industry in LA & New York. "Lewis and Camila are friends only. Not romantically linked in any way ever." Most notably the Englishman was known for dating pop star Nicole Scherzinger for eight years between 2007 and 2015. Scherzinger is best known for being the lead singer of The Pussycat Dolls, as well as featuring as a judge on talent show The X Factor between 2012 and 2017. The American pop star was an ever present in the paddock supporting Hamilton whilst the pair were dating, and was famously seen embracing the Englishman following his first world championship victory in 2008. It remains specifically unknown as to why the pair called it quits on their long-term relationship, however Hamilton has previously hinted that it was down to their busy lifestyles. He said: “I​​t may be slightly different in that we are travelling as much as we are, and you are just away for crazy amounts of time.  “So that’s probably an additional weight that makes it really, really tough to hold down a good relationship, and if things aren't quite perfect.” Hamilton was also previously linked with two other pop stars in Rita Ora and Rihanna, who he has been pictured alongside on a number of occasions. Discussing his relationship with the latter in 2015 he told E!: “You know, I've known Ri for a long time. We've been friends for a while. We get to hang out every now and again.” In his earlier days Hamilton was rumoured to have dated TV personality and model Danielle Lloyd back in 2002 when he was a teenage Formula 3 driver. On her links with the F1 star, Lloyd commented in 2007: “We were both out with friends, but there was a bit of a spark and we swapped numbers… He's a special person, but there's no more romance."