Tom Parker, who is best remebered for being a member of the band The Wanted alongside Max George, Jay McGuinness, Siva Kaneswaran and Nathan Sykes, told fans in 2020 that he had been diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumour. Tom's wife Kelsey Hardwick announced the devastating news in an emotional tribute on Instagram today. In view of her 81,700 followers, she penned: "It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. "Our hearts are broken. "Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. "We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's royal tour would be a success, claims Jane Moore She concluded: "Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end." Tributes have since poured in for the musician who has been very candid about his health. Instagram user, Harlee music commented: "Sending you lots of love Kelsey, thoughts are with you and your family." Connie Simmonds remarked: "Oh Kelsey this is heartbreaking. @being_kelsey love to you and the family."   Sarah Murray said: "How heartbreaking. Thoughts are with you and all your family." The star was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumour in 2020 and given just 18 months to live. Just last week Tom announced he had written a heartbreaking book about his battle. He told fans: "My book is not about dying: It's a book about living. It's a book about finding hope in whatever situation you're dealt, and living your best life no matter what." DON'T MISS... Bruce Willis steps away from acting after brain condition diagnosis[LATEST]Paul McCartney pays emotional tribute to Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins[TRIBUTES]Fantastic Beasts Maja Bloom puts on daring display at premiere[PICTURES] The singer underwent several gruelling rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapy sessions. The Wanted star revealed in 2020 that he had an inoperable stage 4 glioblastoma - which doctors described as “the worst case scenario”. He had been undergoing treatment in Spain that meant he was forced to pull out of the start of The Wanted's UK tour. However, Tom was able to make appearances on stage with his fellow bandmates during their UK tour. The singer was recently pictured in a wheelchair as the treatment had left him feeling too weak to stand. Opening up about his illness last October, hopeful Tom expressed a goal to be cancer-free by March. He also opened up about his health battle in a heartbreaking Channel 4 documentary, Tom Parker: Inside My Head. Breaking down in tears on camera, he said: "Scared is an understatement. I was petrified. I couldn't stop thinking about death, is the honest truth." He added: "It's so hard to think about the future, because I genuinely don't know what it holds anymore." Tom leaves behind children Aurelia, two, and Bodhi, one, as well as his wife Kelsey, 32.