Copper, a one-year-old Hungarian Vizsla is an icon in the Swansea city centre where his owner, Lee West, runs a cafe bar. But on Saturday, March 12, disaster struck. Copper needed to be taken out for a walk but Lee couldn’t take him at the time, so someone volunteered to help Lee out by taking Copper for a short walk instead. However, Lee started worrying when a long time passed and Copper had not returned. The owner got alerted and put a post on Facebook asking for the locals to help find the person that took Copper. After a while, locals told Lee that they had spotted the dog with the person that took him, near a restaurant by Swansea beach, a 20 minute walk away from Lee’s cafe. It wasn't until hours had passed when finally, the person returned with Copper and gave the poor dog back to his owner, only for Lee to see that his dog was hurt and had a nasty, deep wound on his hind. He told WalesOnline: “I was distraught. There was also a feeling of guilt about letting him go.” The poor dog was terrified and hid under a table. His owner explained that it is unclear how Copper got hurt and that his wound could be a puncture, stab wound, or slice. Lee noted it is unlikely that the dog had stepped on a razor wire because the wound was high onto his leg and not near his paw. The terrified owner rushed Copper to the vets and they could not work out exactly what the wound was caused by. The doctors did claim, however, that the wound did not look like a dog bite, since it was too clean in a straight line. Copper got stiches by the vets and is now recovering. READ MORE: Dog waits for home for 400 days as adopters put off by baldness He appeared back at his spot in the Swansea cafe, since his owner said he wanted him to be around people to see how he reacted. Lee is a Royal Marine veteran, who served for 17 years before retiring in 2020, having had four trips to Iraq and Afghanistan. He has done a lot of volunteer work to help homeless people as well as the NHS staff during the pandemic. Lee said: “I wanted him to get used to people coming up and making a fuss of him and being nice to him again. DON'T MISS: Pair of unwanted dogs for home before one-year anniversary in kennels