The cost of living crisis facing millions of Britons has especially been felt by older Britons, according to new data from the Office for National Statistics (ONS). With energy bills set to rise this week, no respite appears to be in sight. Olivia Kennedy, financial planner at Quilter, commented on the data which shows the extent of the struggles Britons are currently facing. She said: “Today’s report from the Office of National Statistics highlights how deeply the cost of living crisis is impacting upon people in Britain, and that’s before the increase to national insurance by 1.25 percentage points hits on April 6. “The impact of soaring inflation and increased energy and water bills has seen the number of adults facing higher living costs rise, up from six in 10 in November to over eight in 10 in March. “Unsurprisingly, the most common cause of the cost of living increase at the start of the year came from an increase in the cost of food shopping, gas and electricity bills and the price of fuel. In the current circumstances, such prices are unlikely to slow any time soon. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ “Worryingly, almost a third of adults (29 percent) said their household would be unable to afford an unexpected, but necessary, expense of £850.” She added that as this data was gathered in the first two months of the year and prices have continued to rise since, more and more people are likely to be pulled into this number. Pensioners have suffered more than most during the cost of living crisis, with many struggling financially in the midst of high inflation. Ms Kennedy said: “The data illustrates a real disparity in terms of who the cost of living impacts the most heavily. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis warns cheapest energy fix is WORSE than price cap - bills to hit £2,800 [WARNING]State pension fury as Rishi Sunak advised to raise entitlement age to unprecedented high [REACTION]Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? [INSIGHT] “Eight in 10 older adults reported that their cost of living had increased, with those aged 55-64 feeling the squeeze the most. “In comparison, younger adults appear to be faring slightly better. “Only four in 10 adults aged 16-24 had seen increased costs, while seven in 10 of those aged 25-34 have started to feel the pinch.” Ms Kennedy believes more pain could be coming for pensioners, as energy prices are set to rise this week. She said: “Given the Chancellor’s lack of support for pensioners in his recent Spring Statement, this figure is likely to get worse. “The new energy price cap will come into effect from Friday, and we will see a further rise in October. “Alongside other rising prices, this will no doubt produce a big shock for households.” There are various benefits which pensioners could claim which may provide some relief during these difficult times. Pension Credit is a benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) which could provide a weekly income top up. Turn2us offers a free benefits calculator which people can use to check which benefits they may be entitled to. They also have a grants search tool which Britons can use to see any grants they might be able to apply for. An extensive list of the benefits and entitlements pensioners may be able to claim is available on the Age UK website.