UK oil and gas firm IOG revealed that over the weekend its Blythe well was successfully opened with gas beginning to flow into the UK market. Its Elgood well is expected to follow suit this week. Both sites are part of IOG's Saturn Banks project, located in the southern waters of the North Sea, off the coast of Norfolk. The project consists of platforms, pipelines and subsea equipment which will normally remain unmanned with operations running from a control room near the Norfolk town of Bacton.  Chair of IOG, Fiona MacAulay commented: "I am hugely proud of everyone in our team for overcoming the many challenges to deliver this historic milestone, going from Final Investment Decision to first production in under two and a half years. "Through constructive collaboration, guided by our values of resourcefulness, innovation, drive, efficiency, resilience and safety, we have transformed IOG from an unfunded start-up to a gas producer expected to generate significant cashflow this year and into the future." IOG believe securing a supply of lower carbon intensive gas from the UK will aid the transition to net zero by providing energy security and stability. The issue has also been given greater attention due to widespread concerns around dependency on Russia and a desire to boost self-sufficiency.  On Monday Boris Johnson hosted a meeting of energy industry leaders outlining the UK's commitment to North Sea oil and gas and discussing ways to boost supply such as increased investment and reduced barriers to help projects come online faster. Ms MacAulay commented: "With heightened energy security risks across Europe and the continued urgency of the energy transition, there has never been a more important time to bring new UK gas resources onstream. "This is especially true of IOG's gas which has far lower carbon intensity than imports." As western firms have increasingly pulled away from Russia IOG itself has had to sever links with a deal to sell North Sea gas to Russia's Gazprom being cancelled in the wake of the conflict.  The UK meanwhile has committed to phasing out Russian oil imports over the course of this year. Writing in The Telegraph Boris Johnson outlined how ending the world's dependence on Russian hydrocarbons would starve Putin of cash and "cut him down to size". Following Monday's meeting Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng tweeted: "Our North Sea oil and gas sector has been a major industrial success story for decades, providing jobs, tax revenue and energy security. "We will continue to back this vital sector to maximise domestic production while we transition to cheap, clean, home-grown power."   DON'T MISS: Russian central bank scrambles further to defend ruble [ANALYSIS] Chinese stock markets slump a millions put into lockdown [INSIGHT] Camelot to lose National Lottery licence after 28 years [LATEST] Investment in the North Sea has fallen in recent years due to lower profit margins, increasing reliance on imports. Part of this has been down to the fact the most accessible oil and gas has already been accessed with remaining areas proving more technically challenging. Industry body Offshore Energies UK has said this can be reversed though and has warned against calls for a 'windfall tax' on energy producers, arguing this would hit firms investing in the North Sea and increase reliance on areas such as Russia and the middle east. 