Staging a home can give buyers a better idea of how the property will look when they’ve moved in, as well as it looking more aesthetically pleasing in photographs. It can be hard to know how to stage a property and where to start, but one expert has shared how homeowners can showcase their home to make it more attractive. Tali Leggett, Head of Rental Design at David Phillips, said: “To put yourself in pole position to achieve a sale or secure a tenant, a great way to add value is to stage your property. “Although investing in a company to stage your property is an added cost, it is important for the property to feel like a home. “Presenting an empty or outdated home can make it much harder to sell or rent, so staging is the best way to elevate your property to its full potential. “To enhance desirability and market value, make sure to show off your property’s best assets, from period features to modern facilities. READ MORE: When to cut grass after winter: Exact date you should start mowing “Bring warmth to the home with cosy touches, create a sense of space in each room and emphasise natural lighting where possible throughout the property.” When it comes to staging a property, Tali recommended considering the furniture layout. This includes making sure the walkways throughout the property are clear and there are no narrow spaces or awkward obstacles to overcome. Tali said this may “raise a red flag” to potential buyers. DON'T MISS:Common security mistakes Britons make when protecting their homes [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [COMMENT]Peace lily: Warning signs of ‘overwatering’ houseplant [EXPERT] The expert added: “Choose furniture of an appropriate scale for the room to ensure spaces feel homely but not overcrowded. “Choose an appropriate style of furniture and accessories based on the design of the property and its location. “A loft conversion in Shoreditch will require a completely different selection of furniture and art versus a traditional town house or cottage. “While we all grow attached to particular pieces which may hold sentimental value, it can be worth bringing in a friend with fresh eyes to point out anything which doesn’t tie in with the rest of your scheme and can be stored elsewhere while you market the property.” Homeowners should showcase their property in the best possible light, including bringing the space to life with accessories, art and mirrors. Tali also recommended playing around with different textures, finishes and shapes. This can help to add “visual interest” as well as really lift a space. The expert added: “Artwork can be used to draw the eye up and makes an excellent focal point in any room. “In addition, placing a mirror in a small room will make it appear larger and hanging one in front of a window will reflect more light in a darker room. “Every property is different but as a general rule we advise a minimum two month staging period and that furniture is left in until the exchange of contracts.” The property market at the moment is extremely competitive, with the lack of homes on the market paired with the increased demand, driving house prices up. Nationwide’s latest House Price Index (HPI) unveiled that in February 2022, the average UK property price exceeded £260,000 of the first time. With many people wanting more space or to move to a new location, buyers can expect to pay more for their dream home.