To the world, the Monarchy is the UK’s defining feature, bound up with the Commonwealth and the spread of the English language. It is this international-facing institution which cements the UK’s position as a global player. It should alarm Global Britain champions therefore when the Monarchy appears to be diminishing in the eyes of so many across the Commonwealth. To be fair to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, any ill winds they felt on their recent Caribbean tour had less to do with them and instead reflected a build-up of tensions not just regarding other royals, but the Black Lives Matter movement and other cultural changes as well. What ought to alarm monarchists and Commonwealth champions however is the contagion effect this could have. Coming off the back of Barbados’ decision to remove the Monarchy late last year, will other Caribbean Commonwealth countries follow suit? What then of Australia, Canada, and New Zealand? It may be comforting to believe a Commonwealth of republics could remain a significant force on the world stage. In reality however, without a significant number of states beyond the UK which retain the Monarch as head of state, the Commonwealth would become little more than a talking shop – an accusation already levelled at the organisation. In the background to recent hostilities are rumours about the Queen’s own health. Barbados may have been an outlier in becoming a republic while the Queen – still held in high regard across the Commonwealth - remains alive. But are other countries which retain the Queen as head of state merely biding their time until a new Monarch is enthroned? The UK should not underestimate this. The Commonwealth and Britain’s relationships with other Realm countries hugely augments the UK’s global reach and standing. Without it, Britain will be reduced in every sense. Fine, the UK could stand alone on the world stage. The UK after all still possesses the world’s fifth largest economy, but one wonders how strong the foundations of this wealth really are. It’s not as if the UK has the kind of global manufacturing export base which Germany and Japan possess. Yes, the UK retains great power status with its nuclear weapons and a permanent UN Security Council seat, but are these things - legacies of a war which ended over seventy years ago - really fixed for all time? Yet, the UK has in the Commonwealth a vehicle to stay very much at the top table as well as a ready-made alternative to the factionalised EU. Together, the countries which share the Queen as head of state represent the world’s third largest economy and largest land area. A rejuvenated Commonwealth could be a new force in the Western alliance and how desperately needed that is right now. But the UK appears to be ignoring the cracks now appearing in the Commonwealth, defined so much by the Monarchy itself. Reading this, some would say the UK would have been better remaining in the EU. But that bloc - divided by history and language, as well as a colossal split between a conservative east and liberal west - lacks the glue which the English-speaking world and Commonwealth still at its heart retains. We know that for all the bluster of many here-today-gone-tomorrow politicians, it is the permanent institutions which make Britain great: institutions like the BBC, Oxford, Cambridge, and the Monarchy. Yet, just as the BBC and the major universities are accused of squandering their greatness by capitulating to so-called ‘woke’ ideologies, so too the Monarchy is at risk of declining on the watch of our generation. The bonds which unite the Commonwealth and English-speaking world are still strong. But it requires engagement and outreach on behalf of the UK to keep this greater family of countries together. The Monarchy cements the ties of the Commonwealth, Britain’s gateway to the world. It connects the UK to its history, acts as a unifying force for an increasingly diverse nation as well as a wider family of nations, and reaches above and beyond the short-time horizons of party politics. The UK will rue the day it sat back and watched this institution decline.