We are approaching the business end of the 2021-22 season and football supporters could be treated to a truly rip-roaring finale. The title race, the battle for Champions League spots and fight to avoid the drop are all still tantalisingly close, while there is also plenty of British interest left in Europe, along with the small matter of the FA Cup. Express Sport writers have been debating how the final weeks of the campaign will pan out - and it's fair to say we are not all exactly in agreement. PL top 4 (in ascending order): Manchester City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Tottenham - The key to winning the title will come at the Etihad and for all Liverpool's brave chasing, Pep Guardiola's side will be too strong on April 10. Similarly, Antonio Conte will have his side fired up for Arsenal's visit whenever it is scheduled and with Mikel Arteta still yet to manage to beat the big teams, they could drop points against Chelsea and Manchester United as well. PL top 4: Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Spurs - Manchester City have the draw on their side as well as a good head to head record at home when it comes to their blockbuster clash against Liverpool on April 10 and should hold on. Liverpool and Chelsea fill the podium places and Spurs can worry the Gunners out of the top four with a late charge. PL bottom 3: Everton, Burnley and Norwich - All four of the bottom teams could rally but it is hard to see the positions changing too much and Everton have a horrible run in. Watford may just have the firepower to edge way from the drop. FA Cup winner: Chelsea - The Blues have proved themselves a very good Cup side and, removed from the immediate coalface of a Premier League battle, could have better preparation for a Wembley one off. Champions League winner: Chelsea - They could well retain their title - for argument see above. Europa League winner: Barcelona - Xavi’s resurgent Barca should be way too strong for the field in their first dip to the second tier in 18 years. PL top 4: Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Tottenham - With Chelsea all alone in third, the main top-four battles will be for the title and the final Champions League spot. I see City pipping Liverpool at home in April, while Harry Kane is hitting top gear for Spurs at an ominous time for their north London rivals. PL bottom 3: Burnley, Watford, Norwich City - Without meaning to be boring, the three worst teams in the Premier League are currently in the bottom three. Everton’s tough run-in could see them given an almighty scare but their three-point buffer and games in hand should be enough to see them through. FA Cup winner: Chelsea - With Liverpool and Manchester City balanced on a knife-edge in one semi-final, any sensible gambler would opt for Thomas Tuchel’s side who must topple Crystal Palace to reach their second Wembley final of the season. After Carabao Cup heartbreak, the Blues will be out for redemption and stand a great chance of getting it. Champions League winner: Manchester City - In their half of the draw only Atletico Madrid, Chelsea and Real Madrid stand between Manchester City and another pop at that elusive trophy. A final against either Liverpool or Bayern Munich would be a daunting one but this could be the year they do something that should have been done years ago. Europa League winner: Barcelona - Frankfurt, Lyon and West Ham stand between La Blaugrana and a Europa League final, and the way they dismantled Real Madrid on Sunday tells its own story. Atalanta and RB Leipzig both have the capability to spring a surprise, but their inconsistency may ultimately let them down.  PL top 4: Liverpool, Man City, Chelsea, Arsenal - Liverpool will win at the Etihad and go on to win the league. Tottenham’s inconsistency will rule them out of fourth, with Arsenal just about pipping them. PL bottom 3: Watford, Burnley, Norwich - Everton have done just about enough to beat Watford or Burnley to safety, especially with two games in hand. FA Cup winner: Crystal Palace - Patrick Vieira’s side are two major shocks away from glory. Palace have given each of the Big Six a tough game this season – why not twice more? Champions League winner: Liverpool - The Reds have played Benfica in the quarter-final twice and on both occasions went on to lift the then-European Cup. They will win an all-English final against either Chelsea or Man City. Europa League winner: Barcelona - Xavi’s ever-improving young side will overcome a disastrous start to the season by lifting a European trophy. PL top 4: Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Tottenham - I can't see Liverpool beating City at the Etihad, which is why I've tipped them for the title. Tottenham's fixtures are easier on paper than Arsenal's so fourth spot should go to Antonio Conte's side.PL bottom 3: Burnley, Watford, Norwich - Norwich are almost down already and Watford seem destined for the drop too. Everton do have too much quality to go down and will get enough wins to fight off relegation, with Sean Dyche's Burnley finally coming up short in terms of survival.FA Cup winner: Manchester City - City's squad depth means they could field a stronger team than Liverpool in the semi-final next month. Chelsea are likely to beat Crystal Palace in the other semi but City will be favourites against Thomas Tuchel's side.Champions League winner: Liverpool - Liverpool would prefer to win the Premier League and City the Champions League, but I can see it going the other way. Liverpool should make it to the semi-final at least and cannot play an English side until the final, which is a big advantage.Europa League winner: Barcelona - Barca are a different animal under Xavi than they were earlier this season. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is banging in the goals and Sunday's 4-0 win in El Clasico proved how dangerous they can be. Don't completely rule out Rangers though, who are flying on the European stage.