Nile Gardiner, a foreign policy analyst and former aide to Margaret Thatcher, has praised Britain and the country's leadership for its actions in the Ukraine crisis. Mr Gardiner tweeted: "British leadership has been outstanding on the Ukraine crisis. Brexit Britain is by far Russia's most powerful adversary in Europe, and Boris Johnson Europe's strongest leader." It comes after Boris Johnson announced a six-part plan of action to ensure Putin fails in his invasion of Ukraine. Mr Johnson said the international community must come together and "mobilise an international humanitarian coalition for Ukraine". He also said countries should support Ukraine in its self-defence, while also maximising economic pressure on Putin's regime.  Preventing the "creeping normalisation" of the invasion is another way Boris urges the world to tackle Putin. In his fifth point of the plan, he encourages countries to "pursue diplomatic paths to de-escalation" but only if the Ukraine government participates. Mr Johnson's sixth point encourages the international community to "begin a rapid campaign to strengthen security and resilience across the Euro-Atlantic area". The PM tweeted: "The world is watching. It is not future historians but the people of Ukraine who will be our judge."  READ MORE: Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies On Monday, the UK government announced a further £175 million in support for the Ukrainian people. This brings the total UK support announced during this crisis to around £400 million. In a joint statement with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the PM confirmed the financial support and said the three countries "stand shoulder-to-shoulder against Russia’s barbaric invasion of Ukraine".  DON'T MISS: Justin Trudeau forced to sneak through No10 back door [VIDEO]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [INSIGHT]Vine panel erupts as Boris leadership challenged over Ukraine crisis [COMMENT] Boris Johnson has also announced a package of sanctions on Russia over the barbaric and unprovoked attack on Ukraine, as well as some individual sanctions on people and companies linked to President Vladimir Putin. However, some campaigners and opposition politicians have criticised Mr Johnson for moving too slowly to crack down on Russian oligarchs and businesses. The PM is now seeking to speed up sanctions via new legislation designed which will be pushed through parliament next week. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: "Punishing sanctions are meaningless until properly implemented, and these changes will allow us to pursue Putin's allies in the UK with the full backing of the law, beyond doubt or legal challenge." 