Miley Cyrus has assured fans that she is doing well after the singer and her entourage were forced to make an emergency landing during an unexpected storm. The 29-year-old is currently in South America for her Attention tour and last took to the stage during Lollapalooza Argentina. The Wrecking Ball hitmaker has since taken to Twitter and shared the moment her plane was struck mid-flight. Taking to the micro-blogging site, the singer shared the terrifying moment of a lightning flash which caused the plane to shake. Sharing a brief video of the incident, passengers could be heard as they gasped in shock. One person declared: "Oh my God!" READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes pulled over by police on his way to GB News Miley also shared a photo of the plane following the aftermath of the incident and the damage caused. In view of her 46.5 million followers, Miley took the opportunity to assure her fans that she is doing fine. She penned: "To my fans and everyone worried after hearing about my flight to Asunción. Our plane was caught in a major unexpected storm and struck by lighting. "My crew, band, friends and family who were all traveling with me are safe after an emergency landing."  In a follow-up tweet, she wrote: "We were unfortunately unable to fly into Paraguay. [Heartbreak emoji] I LOVE YOU." Following the incident, Miley has explained that her scheduled show in the South American region has been cancelled. Twitter user, 613 penned: "Paraguay is devastated with the cancellation of your show! Hoping to see you live again someday soon. I know isn’t anyone's fault but I’m sad that you’re not in Paraguay anymore, we don’t even get to meet you. I love you anyway and thank you for at least saying something." Pina commented: "OMG looks so scary, thank god everybody is ok, all the best wishes for you and all your crew." DON'T MISS... Bridgerton's Simone Ashley laughs it up with on-screen love interest[LATEST]Amanda Holden risks wardrobe malfunction in daring dress[PICTURES]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton[TV] Shane remarked: "Omg I’m so sorry to hear. Glad y’all are safe." Wanne offered: "Miley we were praying about you and all your crew. Thank God you are safe. Hope to see u again someday."(sic) Stefano Spairani added: "The reason why I don't like to fly. Solidarity with you. I've also experienced that situation. Was a total trauma." Miley also took the opportunity to share the incident via her Instagram account. Meanwhile, Miley also performed during Lollapalooza Chile 2022 at Parque Bicentenario Cerrillos in Santiago. The Plastic Hearts hitmaker co-headlined the annual event with rapper A$AP Rocky and DJ Alesso. In a clip posted to Instagram, Miley expressed her enthusiasm for hitting the road again and appreciation for Chilean culture. She wrote: "I knew that these festivals were going to be extra special because I am so inspired by all of you and inspired by the culture, all of the color and the tradition. And I love ... a culture that respects and honors everything that was before us.' "I see a lot of evolution also, I see a lot of Pride flags out here ... I see a lot of cute boys with some makeup on, a little bit more makeup than me if that's humanly possible. "I wanted to put together a show that, like you, honors every part of my history, my present and my future." 