  Vernon Kay, 47, was filling in for Zoe Ball, 51, on BBC Radio 2 today, as the presenter is currently isolating with COVID-19. Vernon is married to Strictly Come Dancing presenter Tess Daly, 52, who once starred semi-nude in a music video for the song Sweet Harmony, which he dedicated to her live on air.     Vernon seemed to be having a great time filling in for Zoe today on BBC Radio 2, and took the time to dedicate one particularly special song to his wife Tess and their children. Playing The Beloved's 1993 single Sweet Harmony, he said: “Get a load of this one. “The Beloved, Sweet Harmony. I loved this tune so much, I married one of the women in the video. “I’ll play this for Tess, Phoebe and Amber. And everyone who’s on the school run, enjoy!” READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma     Vernon has previously admitted he admired Tess in her early modelling days before the pair had ever met. A young Tess starred in The Beloved’s Sweet Harmony music video nearly 30 years ago in near-nude scenes. The Strictly star has since confessed that she looks back and cringes at herself in the 90s pop video. Tess was among several models that shed their clothes to pose for some steamy scenes.     The sexy track sees the star sitting on the floor with her hair slicked back in shots that leave little to the imagination. In an interview with the Daily Mail, Tess previously admitted: “I cringe when I'm reminded of the video for The Beloved's track Sweet Harmony. “It was a studio of models with nothing but Elastoplast to protect our modesty.” The mum-of-two also made reference to her husband’s fondness for playing that track to the rest of the family, despite her "cringing" over it. READ MORE... Michael Caine’s brilliant point about Brexit: 'Rather be poor!' [INSIGHT] Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub [LATEST] ‘We are so excited!’ The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk announces baby news [NEWS]     She continued: “The song still gets played and Vernon is always keen to tell our daughters, 'It's your mum's song again, girls!' “He was a fan of that video before we even met…” Vernon has previously admitted he fell for ex-model Tess long before they got together after seeing her in the video. “I pinch myself that I'm married to the woman out of the Beloved video who I used to idolise when I was 17," he said.      “I used to go on about how gorgeous she was. And lo and behold I married her. “I'm so proud of her. She's got so much get up and go, she's so driven. “That's what I love about her. I think she's awesome.” Later on in the radio show, Vernon described The Beloved's hit as “timeless” and claimed that it “would still get to the top of the charts” if it was released today. Listen to BBC Radio 2 with Vernon Kay here.   