Two people have been taken to hospital after what has been labelled a "suspected serious crime" at a school in Malmö. Fredrik Hemmensjö, Malmö Latin School's headmaster, described the incident as "absolutely awful", but there are no concrete details on precisely what occurred at the high school. The headteacher added: "I only know that there is deadly violence at the school." He said he was not currently in the area, but that many levels of school management were involved with inquiries. A number of emergency vehicles remain on the scene.  According to the Swedish television programme TV4 Nyheterna, the incident at the high school is "still ongoing" but police have secured a number of school buildings. A police spokesperson for the region said the police were looking into what had happened. Rickard Lundqvist, press spokesperson, would not comment further on the incident. One person has been arrested in connection with the incident. A police statement read: "The police are on-site with a major resource in a school on Drottninggatan. READ MORE: Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war   "Several people are injured and the police are working on a suspected serious crime. "Several ambulances have been alerted to the scene via SOS Alarm. "The event is in progress." In an update just after 6.30 pm local time, police described the situation as "under control". DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko eyes 'imminent' Russian nuclear deployment [LIVE] House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [MAP] POLL: Do you think NATO should brand Russia a 'terrorist state'? [VOTE] They said: "Two people are injured and taken by ambulance to hospital. "The police have no information about the injury situation, in this part reference is made to the health service. "One person has been arrested. Police are in control of the situation." It is believed the incident began just after 5 pm local time on Monday.  Students at the high school told Swedish outlet SVT that the pupils were told to evacuate the building as the school was cordoned off by authorities. One student described seeing two people carried away on stretchers, with blood clearly covering them as they were taken away by emergency services.  They added that armed police arrived, followed by police dogs. The incident was reported through SOS Alarm, which operates Sweden's emergency services alert line 112. A number of roadblocks have been established around the area of the school. 