Angelique Kerber donned a Ukrainian flag ribbon in her 6-2 6-1 victory over Daria Kasatkina in Indian Wells on Sunday. Kasatkina is competing as a neutral athlete while all Russian tennis players have been stripped of any mention of the country of flag from competition. Kerber needed just an hour to overcome the 23rd seed and explained why she chose to make a statement in their match. Kerber had not yet won a match in 2022 until Indian Wells. The former world No 1 found herself 1-4 down in the final set of her opening match against Qinwen Zheng on Friday before storming back to win the last five games of the match and clinch her first victory of the season 6-2 5-7 6-4. It meant she booked her place in the third round to meet Kasatkina, who enjoyed a successful start to the season by reaching back-to-back semi-finals in Melbourne and Sydney. The world No 28 is currently playing as a neutral athlete after the ATP, WTA, ITF and four Grand Slams announced that all Russian and Belarusian athletes would be stripped of any mention of their country or flag in competition amid the invasion of Ukraine. Kasatkina had come through her own tough round of 64 match, also receiving a bye to the second-round like Kerber, needing three sets to outlast Katie Volynets 6-4 4-6 7-5. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu suffered stiff back at Indian Wells  Their match was expected to be a tight affair but it was the 15th seed who stormed through, dropping just three games as she defeated the 24-year-old 6-2 6-2 in an hour and three minutes. During the match, Kerber donned a Ukrainian flag on a ribbon and explained why she chose to make the gesture, admitting it had been tough to focus on tennis over the last two years. "I tried to really put that out of my mind. I’ve known Daria for a while now and I put that out of my mind," she said of the emotions of playing someone from Russia. "After the pandemic-or rather during the ongoing pandemic-tennis for me is still number two. Right now, there are many more important issues in the world." DON'T MISSMurray details problem that led to Indian Wells exit in Bublik lossDjokovic in vaccine controversy as Raducanu and Murray lose earlyMurray weighs in on heckler incident after Osaka reduced to tears  The German, who has family in Ukraine, admitted the conflict was close to home. She continued: "People are fleeing, the whole situation is topic number one and is frightening for everyone. As I've said, I don't live far from the situation. "My grandparents are there and so of course you're checking the news every five minutes or every hour, you're in touch with folks. I think right now that's the topic that is occupying my mind and everyone else here. "I think right now that’s the topic that is occupying my mind and everyone else here. For me, tennis continues to be second, third, or fourth in my life.  "I try in this situation to just concentrate on the match. I have ok success with that, but I try to flip that switch very late. An hour before the match, it’s not like I’m fully focused and in a match headspace. It’s a little different than it was." Earlier this week in Indian Wells, Ukrainian player Marta Kostyuk slammed Russian players for what she thought were performative and ignorate statements calling for "no war". The 19-year-old said: "To me, these releases don't make sense. They are empty! What do you want? Do you want Ukraine to lose? That Russia wins? That Russia loses? "I will say it a hundred times: Ukraine will never give up. We can lose, although I don't think so, but Ukraine will never give up. "So today say "No war", for me it means wanting Ukraine to give up. Because Putin will never stop, everyone knows how crazy he is. So we fight. And these press releases, they hurt me because they are meaningless." 