Manchester United have now made contact with both Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag over the club's managerial vacancy, according to reports. The Red Devils are now beginning to up the ante in their search for a new boss in the wake of Sunday's 4-1 defeat to noisy neighbours Manchester City in the Manchester derby. It's already becoming increasingly clear that Ralf Rangnick seems highly unlikely to be offered the permanent United manager role. Therefore, he is set to move upstairs in a consultancy role for two seasons - as initially agreed upon arrival. Rangnick will have a say on his successor but two clear candidates have now emerged in the past few weeks. According to The Guardian, United have now reached out to both Pochettino and Ten Hag to sound out their availability. READ MORE: Manchester United must launch inquest into Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka transfers Crucially though, it appears Ten Hag may now have moved above the Argentine as the frontrunner. The Ajax boss is thought to be working on his English in preparation for the move. Ten Hag is alleged to have turned down a lucrative offer from Newcastle following the completion of their £305million takeover. His stock has continued to rise in Amsterdam and his Ajax side won all six of their Champions League group matches this season to put their manager's name up in lights. Rangnick recently poured cold water on claims United had made their move for Ten Hag. He said: "So far we haven't at all spoken about that, nobody, not just [United football director] John Murtough but nobody else, we haven't had that topic in the last weeks and months since I'm here. "I know my opinion [of who should take the job] but so far we haven't spoken about it so this is what I can tell you. "I don't know him, to start with, as a person. Obviously, I see the development at Ajax since he's been there, I know a little bit about his work when he was with Bayern Munich and that he is one of the top coaches in Europe that's obvious but there are a few other top coaches." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Before adding: "As I said, we haven't spoken about any new manager so far, therefore we also didn't speak about him." Meanwhile, Pochettino's availability could ultimately hinge of his fortunes with Paris Saint-Germain. Failure to win the Champions League - or at least reach the semi-finals - could potentially see him removed of his duties. PSG were beaten 1-0 at Nice on Saturday as the pressure on Pochettino began to intensify.