Chelsea appear to be poised to lose their battle to keep Antonio Rudiger even if a takeover of the club is successfully signed off. The deadline for bids closed on Friday night, with more than 30 offers being received for the Premier League giants. They are currently unable to offer any new contracts to players as a result of the restrictions they have been hit with in the wake of the sanctioning of Roman Abramovich by the UK government. That means that unless a new owner is found quickly, Rudiger will be one of three defensive stars leaving in the summer. Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta are both also out of contract come the end of the season. But it was Rudiger's deal that was seen as the priority, with the German having become a key member of Thomas Tuchel's side. He was brought back in from the cold when Tuchel replaced Frank Lampard, but Chelsea were unable to agree new terms before the sanctions hit. That opened the door for overseas sides to make their offers, with Rudiger having been able to sign a pre-contract agreement with a foreign side since January. READ MORE: Roman Abramovich transferred million-dollar business to Chelsea pal It now looks likely that it is Juventus who have won the race to sign him, with Gazzetta dello Sport reporting he has 'said yes' to joining the Serie A giants. It is stated that the club's hierarchy have 'overcome fierce competition' to seal a deal for Rudiger, who is expected to sign a four-year contract with the Old Lady. Rudiger's ability to play in either a back four or a back three means that he is seen as being perfect for Massimiliano Allegri's tactics. And as a result, they are said to have offered him more than £8million per year in wages to move to Turin. DON'T MISS: Liverpool 'launch' plan to hijack Chelsea's move for transfer target (TRANSFERS)UEFA deny claims Chelsea will get Real Madrid boost after UCL draw (NEWS)Tuchel's four-word message on what he demands from new Chelsea owners (INSIGHT) Juventus are understood to have 'overtaken' the likes of La Liga leaders Real Madrid and perrenial Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich in the race to sign the centre-back. He is regarded as being one of the world's best in his position, having helped the Blues to win the Champions League last season. If he completes the move to Juve as expected, it will mark a return to Italy for the 29-year-old. He previously played for Roma between 2015 and 2017 before moving to Stamford Bridge for £29m, though his Chelsea career now looks to be drawing to an end.