Channel 5 documentary ‘Harry & Meghan vs the Monarchy’ has revealed some fascinating new details about Meghan’s first meeting with the Queen. While meeting the Royal Family would be a daunting prospect for many, it seems the Duchess of Sussex got on “extremely well” with her now grandmother-in-law. Harry and Meghan went on their first date in July 2016, a few months before news of their courtship was leaked. According to royal expert Ashley Pearson, the first meeting between Meghan and the Queen went “extremely well”. She said: “It actually ran over, which is an extraordinary thing for the way the Queen keeps her schedule. “Meghan was very warmly welcomed.  “Here she is - articulate, bright, intelligent, well-spoken, beautiful, elegant - what is not to like?” During her interview with Oprah, Meghan gave her own account of their first meeting at Royal Lodge in Windsor. She said: “I remember Harry and I were in the car and he says, ‘Ok, well my grandmother’s going to be there so you’re going to meet her’. “I said, ‘Ok great! I loved my grandmother, I used to take care of my grandmother’.  READ MORE: Prince Harry criticised for 'navel-gazing' Ukraine statement “He goes, ‘Right, do you know how to curtsy?’ “I thought genuinely that’s what happens outside, that was part of the fanfare, I didn’t think that’s what happens inside.” Despite not knowing she would have to curtsy, Meghan quickly learned the correct way to do it is “deeply, to show respect”. Speaking about their conversation, she added: “We just sat there and we chatted, and it was lovely and easy.  DON'T MISS:‘Camilla happy with it!' Britons shut down 'unfair' suggestion [READER VIEWS]Lady Amelia Windsor weight loss: Vegan diet & 'abdominal exercises' [REVEAL]POLL: Should Royal Family do more for Ukraine or stay out of politics? [HAVE YOUR SAY] “The Queen has always been wonderful to me.” Royal expert Jennie Bond gave an insight in the documentary about Meghan’s first meeting with Prince Charles. She said: “She probably marched in there and just got on famously. “Because she is a woman with lots of opinions, lots of views, and a confident woman. “Those are the kind of attributes that Charles likes.” 