Paris Saint-Germain have reportedly contacted Tottenham over sporting director Fabio Paratici following their Champions League capitulation against Real Madrid. The French giants are believed to be in the market for a new sporting director with current chief Leonardo set to be axed. PSG looked to have edged one step closer to achieving their ultimate aim of clinching a first-ever Champions League crown on Wednesday night when reported Real Madrid target Kylian Mbappe doubled their aggregate lead. The French forward, who stole the show with a dramatic winner in the first leg, opened the scoring at the Santiago Bernabeu shortly before half-time. Karim Benzema then struck a stunning second-half hat-trick for Los Blancos as PSG endured yet another Champions League collapse, leaving their European dream once again in tatters. In the wake of the damaging defeat, PSG's Qatari president Nasser Al-Khelaifi was reportedly summoned to Doha with crisis talks planned. JUST IN: Chelsea break silence on Roman Abramovich as they explain plan  It has since emerged that the position of the Ligue 1 leaders' current sporting director Leonardo is under threat, with reports in France and Italy claiming the club's relationship with the Brazilian has broken down. It is thought his time in the French capital is coming to an end and PSG are eyeing up a move for Tottenham chief Paratici as his potential replacement. PSG have reportedly enquired about the Spurs director's availability ahead of a possible move. While it remains unlikely that Paratici would depart North London, given that he only joined Tottenham's project last June, PSG's status as one of the world's wealthiest clubs could carry some weight. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move [GOSSIP]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice ready to lead young duo[COMMENT]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT]  The 49-year-old Italian played an influential role in securing Antonio Conte as Tottenham manager, with the pair having established a close relationship during their time together at Juventus. Paratici has also played a significant part in Tottenham's recent transfer dealings and helped the Premier League club poach Dejan Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur from his old Serie A side. According to reports in Italy, Al-Khelaifi has blamed PSG's current sporting director Leonardo for the club's Champions League exit, pointing to poor decision making in the transfer market as a contributing factor in the midweek defeat. That is despite the Ligue 1 giants landing Lionel Messi, Sergio Ramos, Gianluigi Donnarumma and Georginio Wijnaldum on free transfers last summer, in addition to signing star right-back, Achraf Hakimi.  Al-Khelaifi is himself in the spotlight and under investigation from UEFA following PSG's exit amid reports that he stormed Real Madrid's Santiago Bernabeu to confront officials. According to ESPN, the Qatari owner made his way from the presidential box to the dressing room area, along with Leonardo, in the immediate aftermath of the full-time whistle, while labelling the officiating “shameful”. The pair reportedly located the referee’s room and banged on the door with AS quoting that one witness heard the PSG president shout "I'm going to kill you" after a Madrid employee attempted to film him. UEFA are believed to have since requested footage in order to establish what really went on in the minutes following the end of the match. 