British golf star Rory McIlroy has revealed how he has altered his preparations for the Masters as he desperately eyes the career Grand Slam. McIlroy hired coach Pete Cowen to rediscover his form this time last year - and the Northern Irishman is thrilled with the results. Last year, McIlroy turned to Cowen after shooting 79, 75 to miss the cut as he defended his Players Championship title. He was then thrashed 6&5 by Ian Poulter in the WGC Match Play event. Cowen’s influence didn’t improve matters immediately, as McIlroy missed the cut at The Masters for just the second time in his career. However, he won his next start and lifted another PGA Tour title in October. McIlroy has been in fine form in 2022, securing four successive top-15 places. After he finished 33rd in the Players Championship, he opted to skip the WGC Match Play before contesting this week’s Texas Open - and the 32-year-old is pleased with his return to form. READ MORE: Woods' fuels Masters hopes after round with son Charlie and Justin Thomas “It's chalk and cheese,” McIlroy said when comparing his ongoing run in 2022 to last year. “Actually, I wanted to play this event last year but, after The Players and the Match Play, I felt like it was better for me to just work on my swing at home and just work on my game because at least I had an opportunity to do that going into Augusta. “So it's way different. I'm way more comfortable with my game, I'm happy with where everything is. Everything seems like it's a lot more settled.” McIlroy won The Open in 2014 to claim the third leg of the coveted career grand slam, and he has had seven attempts to win the Masters. The Holywood-born star is looking to join Gene Sarazen, Ben Hogan, Gary Player, Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods as the only men to have won all four major titles. DON'T MISSTiger Woods 'exhausting every effort' to make Masters comebackWoods' ranking record shattered by Scheffler after WGC Match Play winBland fires warning to Johnson with 49-year-old on verge of Masters Traditionally, McIlroy takes a week off before The Masters, but he is set to compete at TPC San Antonio after spending some time in Augusta scouting the course. He believes the change in approach could benefit him come next weekend. “I haven't really enjoyed the format of the Match Play the last couple of years and I just wanted to mix it up and I still wanted to feel like I was sharp going into Augusta,” McIlroy said. ”I wanted my last competitive start before Augusta to be a strokeplay event instead of match play. It's two completely different mindsets, so that was part of the reason, too. “I was at Augusta the last couple of days and I just went there on my own. I didn't go with any members, I didn't stay on property. I just wanted to come and see the golf course.” 