 Manpreet Sharma (played by Rebecca Sarker) has endured a lot over the past few months in Emmerdale as she was held hostage by her villainous sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). She was horrified to discover Meena had murdered multiple village residents. The serial killer has since been arrested and is awaiting her trial for murder, but Manpreet is feeling guilty she didn’t see the signs sooner. According to official soap spoilers, Manpreet will soon become overwhelmed by pressure as she prepares to testify against her sister in court. Could she end up leaving Emmerdale for good as she struggles to cope with guilt?    In upcoming scenes, Manpreet puts on a brave face as she nervously awaits Meena’s plea hearing. However, she’s apprehensive to know that Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) and Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) are not allowed to discuss Meena’s confession on the stand. Anticipation quickly builds for the hearing as the villagers prepare to face the serial killer in court. Meena’s disappointed by the meagre turn-out for her hearing, but does her best to unsettle those in attendance. READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot?  To the court’s surprise, Meena pleads guilty to the first of her many charges. However, could she have one last trick up her sleeve? Manpreet soon suffers a panic attack as she becomes overwhelmed by the pressure of testifying in court. In a state of sheer distress, she sets off into the night, abandoning both her phone and car. Could Manpreet end up leaving Emmerdale for good as she struggles to cope with the stress Meena has caused?   Rebecca Sarker, who plays Manpreet on the soap, recently opened up about her character’s future in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The actress explained Manpreet is having a difficult time coming to terms with Meena’s crimes. Rebecca revealed Manpreet feels guilty she didn’t spot signs there was something wrong with her sister. The soap star commented: “She’s still struggling with her own feelings of guilt. DON'T MISS...Our House viewers complain new ITV series is too ‘dark’ [MUST SEE]EastEnders twist as Gray Atkins is killed attempting to flee police? [THEORY]Emmerdale couple torn apart after row over relationship dealbreaker? [SPOILERS]  “You know, ‘Why didn't I do something? Why didn't I stop her? Did I see the signs? And I brought her to the village as well.' “So there’s all these conflicting emotions,” the actress added. Rebecca hinted Manpreet will become increasingly concerned about how other Emmerdale residents will judge her because of her sister. “She's aware of everybody's potential perception of her,” the soap star remarked. She explained Manpreet’s close colleagues are “very understanding” of her situation.    However, she insisted: “Her will is wavering and she feels Meena is controlling her life, even from behind bars.” Teasing how Manpreet will cope at Meena’s plea hearing, Rebecca said: “The day in court for the plea hearing has been a wild coming. It's overwhelmed Manpreet, she’s psyched herself up." The actress explained the stress will lead Manpreet to suffer a terrifying panic attack: “There’s a sort of build up of tension and pressure, and the panic attack is I think a release from all that angst." As Manpreet becomes increasingly concerned by how her Emmerdale neighbours may judge her and struggles to cope with her feelings of guilt, it could push her to make an enormous life decision. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 