Paul Pogba's second stint at Manchester United appears to be over as the Frenchman prepares to leave Old Trafford on a free transfer for the second time. Juventus are linked with a return for Pogba, and Max Allegri has opened up about his 'great relationship' with the star. Manchester United are set to lose Paul Pogba for free for a second time as his contract expires at the end of the season. Pogba previously walked away for nothing in 2012 as he joined Juventus, and then returned to Old Trafford in a deal worth £89million four years later. His return has seen mixed success, but he has lacked consistency at United and it appears that the pair will ways again next summer, with Barcelona and Juventus amongst the clubs interested in acquiring his services. Following the links to another familiar return for Pogba, Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri has detailed his 'great relationship' with the Frenchman. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz  Reports in Italy suggest that Juventus are preparing a massive contract for Pogba as they look to bring him to Turin for a second time. Talks between United and Pogba over a new deal appear to be all but over, as the Frenchman reportedly wanted to become the highest paid player at the club to stay. But Juventus may grant his wage demands in an attempt to lure him back to the Allianz Stadium, and Allegri has teased fans by admitting he has a 'great relationship' with Pogba. Allegri said: "I had a great relationship with Pogba, that’s true - but it’s not time to talk about new signings. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message   "Makes no sense to talk about him. Paul plays for Man United and I don’t know what he’s gonna do next season." Allegri may have remained tight-lipped for now, but it doesn't rule out a move in the future, and according to La Gazzetta dello Sport they are already preparing a deal. Juventus have also asked Pogba's team to communicate any other offers that he may receive as they are desperate to beat any competition and bring him back to Italy. The report goes on to suggest that they would offer Pogba the same deal as Dusan Vlahovic, who just arrived from Fiorentina, and he'd be offered a base salary of £6.2m per season, with add-ons that could see the total rise to £8.25m.  Barcelona are also said to be interested but wages remain a grey area for the Catalan side as they look to work their way out of financial trouble. Pogba made a name for himself at Juventus as he became a huge part of their midfield, hence why United had to fork out a club-record fee to bring him back to Old Trafford. But the Frenchman was supported by Andrea Pirlo in the midfield, and their spine isn't as it once was, which is why Allegri may be desperate to bring him back. The Old Lady have slipped in recent years, and Inter Milan have emerged as the new big dog's in Serie A, but Juventus are keen on taking back their crown.  United have essentially conceded that Pogba will be gone in the summer, and the Frenchman will be joined by Jesse Lingard. But his destination remains unknown, but Juventus are doing all that they can to ensure he opts for a move back to Turin. 