Piers Morgan has told Arsenal to sack Mikel Arteta and go all-in for Chelsea head coach Thomas Tuchel ahead of the Blues' potential financial turmoil. There is an air of uncertainty surrounding Chelsea after the UK Government sanctioned owner Roman Abramovich on Wednesday. Abramovich was one of seven Russian oligarchs to have their assets frozen, ultimately stifling his plans to sell the club. And it has left Chelsea unable to sell tickets and merchandise, and there are doubts over the west London outfit's transfer window prospects. It is also now impossible to tie current players down to new contracts, meaning key defensive trio Cesar Azpilicueta, Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger are all set to depart as free agents this summer. Tuchel's future at Stamford Bridge could be in doubt if he starts losing his most prominent players and can't replace them. And amid Manchester United's search for a new permanent manager, they have unsurprisingly been tipped to move for FIFA Coach of the Year. JUST IN: Liverpool's Harvey Elliot names himself and one team-mate underrated But on Friday morning, Morgan took to Twitter to urge Arsenal to 'break the bank' to snatch Tuchel from their troubled London rivals. He tweeted: "Arsenal should break the bank for Thomas Tuchel. We won't, but we should." Tuchel would, of course, replace Arteta, who Morgan has previously slammed amid reports Arsenal were set to offer him a new contract as manager. "This season, despite Arteta splashing out £150million on new players, we're sixth and already out of both domestic cups," he wrote in his Sun column in January. READ MORE: Man Utd icon Dimitar Berbatov names 4 potential transfers - EXCLUSIVE "Yet astonishingly, in the past few days, it's been reported that he is about to be handed a big new contract by grateful owner Stan Kroenke. What, pray, has he done to deserve such a fat new deal? "The cold, hard reality is that whatever process we're supposed to be trusting at Arsenal isn't working, and the person whose process it is should be made properly accountable — not rewarded for failure. "Arteta may yet prove to be a good manager — I've certainly preferred watching his team this season to the last few years of horribly uninspiring Wenger sides. "But he's already had six months longer in the Arsenal job than his predecessor Emery and things now seem to be unravelling faster than Leonard Lowe's medication. "If we don't make the top four this season, and even that "achievement" seems such a lowly ambition for a supposed big club, then he shouldn't be given a pay rise. He should be sacked." Despite Morgan's worries at the start of the year, Arsenal are largely showing progress under Arteta and are currently in a solid position to secure a top-four finish. The Gunners have won their last four Premier League outings and sit in fourth, one point ahead of United with three games in hand. But regardless, it seems like Morgan would still drop Arteta in an instant if Tuchel's services became available in the near future. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.