Fortunately, high blood pressure is treatable and could be rectified in a number of weeks through commitment to a series of lifestyle changes or medication. Exercise is very often recommended. The more an individual exercises the fitter they will be and the lower their blood pressure. Some forms of physical activity are more effective than others, however. READ MORE: Covid: The 'No 1' symptom seen in the UK right now A large observational study in the United States has found that engaging in yoga once a week could help lower blood pressure. Researchers found: “Yoga is associated with lower systolic and diastolic blood pressures, with increased odds of having normal blood pressure, and with decreased odds of having stage II hypertension in patients aged 40-59 years in a general patient population." The study concluded: “Yoga, as used by patients in their daily lives, may be an effective strategy for blood pressure control and the prevention of hypertension at the population level.” Yoga, as an introduction, is a form of exercise that “focuses on strength, flexibility and breathing to boost physical and mental wellbeing,” says the NHS.  The main features of yoga are postures and breathing. These postures are a series of movements designed to increase strength and flexibility. Yoga has been around for thousands of years with suspected origins in India. While the practice is common, yoga has seen a boom in western populations in recent decades. It is now possible to find multiple leisure centres, gyms, and societies dedicated to the practice of yoga. Yoga can also have a number of health benefits as well as helping to lower blood pressure such as increasing physical activity, building strength, balance, and flexibility. While yoga is a form of exercise, it is not strenuous enough to count alongside running, cycling, or swimming as strenuous activities. Nevertheless, yoga is suggested as a good strengthening exercise if participated in twice a week. There is no one type of yoga in the same way there is no-one type of cycling or running. Yoga has developed into a diverse ecosystem of potential exercises. As a result, it’s important an individual chooses the right type for their needs. For more information about the correct exercises for what one wants to achieve, contact the NHS or consult with your GP.