Russia has surprised some Western security analysts who believed future wars would be fought in cyberspace. More than three weeks into the war between Ukraine and Russia, Moscow has yet to unleash a full-scale cyber war against its neighbour or Ukraine's Western allies. Anti-Putin sentiment could be the reason for the lack of online aggression, as could the beefed-up security of western nations. Professor Michael Goodman, Head of War Studies at King's College London, said: "One of the big surprises, I think, is that the Russians haven't done more on the cyber side." On why an anticipated cyber onslaught has not yet materialised, Professor Goodman said experts suggest either the Russians involved in online attacks do not support the war or Western counter measures are too good. He said: "It's one of the fascinating things because we've seen these great Russian cyber attacks in the past and the assumption in many minds was that, while this would be a proxy war in many ways for the West, and the Russians aren't going to attack us in the way they're attacking Ukraine, they would attack us through non-physical means and cyber would have been the obvious route." Professor Goodman added that the reason a cyber war has not happened remains unknown, but warned it may still.  Experts have also suggested the Kremlin thought Ukraine would fall so quickly that it was deemed unnecessary to damage systems needed during an occupation and which would be costly to replace. Ciaran Martin, Professor of Practice at the Blavatnik School of Government, University of Oxford, said in an op-ed published by Lawfare that Russia has so far been "utterly conventional in its brutality" in spite of it being "one of the world’s foremost offensive cyber powers". Professor Martin, who set up and led the UK's National Cyber Security Centre, acknowledged that fellow experts have been surprised by how few cyber operations featured in the early part of the invasion. He wrote: "There seems to have been little effort, for example, to strike the core of Ukraine’s internet infrastructure. Instead, the missiles rain, and the soldiers and tanks roll in.  READ MORE ABOUT A FARMER SHOOTING A DOG IN FRONT OF ITS OWNER "Similarly, the actions of pro-Ukrainian actors in defacing and taking down Russian websites may embarrass the Kremlin but hardly merit the much misused term of 'cyberwar'." He speculated that Russia may have chosen to leave the Internet untouched because it needed it for its own communications. Professor Martin added Russia’s state hackers could also have suffered from a similar lack of preparation as Russia's conventional forces. He said: "Even though cyber operations have featured to an unexpectedly small extent in the conflict so far, the West still remains at higher risk of serious disruption — as distinct from catastrophic attack — via the cyber domain than it was before the invasion."  DON'T MISS: Widow given £100 fine for visiting husband’s grave with beloved pet [REVEALED] Queen withholds royal sword in boycott of Russia [LATEST] Legendary photographer shares awkward moment with Princess Diana [REPORT] However, he warned there is still "every chance" Russia will mobilise more of its cyber capabilities against Ukraine, particularly if cyber is seen to play a role in demoralising and disrupting the Ukrainian population. David Cowan, a cybersecurity venture capitalist, told The Washington Post in February that Ukraine’s core cyber defence has fared better than expected because it focused on the issue after Russian hackers knocked out power to swathes of the country in 2015 and 2016. In 2015, Russian government hackers breached Ukraine's power grid, leading to widespread outages.Russia deployed the notorious NotPetya malware via Ukrainian accounting software in 2017 with the virus quickly spreading around the world. Attacks from both sides have taken place since the war began, although perhaps not on a scale anticipated before the outbreak of hostilities beyond Ukraine's Donbas region.  Ukraine has called on its hacker community to help protect infrastructure and carry out cyber spying missions against Russian troops. The country's "IT army" of volunteer hackers has announced targets, including the Belarusian railway network and Russia's homegrown satellite-based navigation system, GLONASS. Ukrainian cybersecurity officials said last month hackers from neighbouring Belarus had targeted the private email addresses of Ukraine's military personnel. Google said earlier this month that it has seen Russian hackers engage in espionage, phishing campaigns and other attacks targeting Ukraine and its European allies.  And Die Welt, citing Germany's BSI cybersecurity watchdog, has said that the country's subsidiary of the Russian energy company Rosneft was hacked with hacker group Anonymous suspected of being behind the attack. Russian and Ukrainian hackers have also traded online attacks, including by defacing government websites.  It was recently announced that Ukraine will join the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence (CCDCOE) as a contributing participant. A statement on the CCDCOE website said the centre would benefit from Ukraine's "valuable experience from previous cyberattacks". One lesson Professor Martin identifies from the early stages of the war in Ukraine centres on what he terms cyber realism for Western policymakers and societies. He wrote: "The first [lesson] is realism about the limitations of cyber capabilities... cyber capabilities give neither side a big red button to decisively alter the course of events." Professor Martin cautioned that strategic vulnerability to disruption and sabotage lies less in the military and more in mainstream civilian and privately owned networks. He concluded: "However this horrendous war turns out, the West will be left with these strategic cybersecurity weaknesses to tackle. "And in the meantime, the cyber domain may influence the war at the margins, but it will not decide it." 