BBC's Countryfile returned on Sunday night and saw a special episode dedicated to flooding in countryside areas and how it affects the people living there. Charlotte Smith and Tom Heap were on the River Severn to find out how the constant flood threats impacted rural communities, but viewers felt they were leaning too much towards climate change and soon became annoyed with the pressure. Charlotte and Tom spoke to many residents and workers who were impacted by the flooding areas and found they all had their opinions that it was to do with climate change. The show looked at how many residents, farm owners and businesses had to deal with the day to day worry of constant changes in weather. However, viewers soon became frustrated at the amount the presenters were pushing the climate change agenda and took to Twitter to express their annoyance. Colin Bastafield wrote: "Toms trying his hardest to put the "climate Change "words into the villager's mouths HE FAILED ! #countryfile." READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour He also later tweeted: "Wait for it, Climate Change Agenda #countryfile." @Elpajoja said: "#countryfile Ffs, every other sentence, climate change, no proof, evidence and never mention man-made or natural. Give it a rest." @FattyBearDog1 commented: "Just walked in as #countryfile is on I reckon it was 20 seconds before climate change moaning started. Walked out, fed up with the grievance addiction." Chad J added: "Interesting #countryfile report on flooding, but disappointingly little discussion of how climate change has increased the frequency and severity of floods. "Flood resilience is all well and good, but the goal should preventing further ecological breakdown." Not all viewers were annoyed by the presence of the climate change topic, as many thought it was important for it to be acknowledged. @SissyNow wrote: "Yes to the climate change content! There defo needs to be more awareness around this!" Mary Knowles added: "It is so heartbreaking that all these people and businesses have to put up with all of this!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers 'switch off' after 'wanting to escape politics'  [INSIGHT]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram [LATEST]Countryfile's Tom Heap taken aback by BBC colleague's farewell post [WATCH] Charlotte Smith met with Fire Service member Mark Fox who volunteers to go up the Severn Arena Rescue Association. She asked: "What's it been like being you over the past few weeks?" Mark revealed: "It's been busy, we've had several shouts to assist with the welfare checks in Bewdley. "We've had to rescue stranded people in Shrewsbury, up in Shropshire, in Tewkesbury, there was a swan caught in football netting in a flooded football pitch. "Not just the human cost of flooding, there are the animals as well." Charlotte agreed and said: "You say that so casually, you know, you've been looking after people in so many different ways and you're all volunteers." Mark proudly explained: "Yeah, 100 per cent the whole organisation of SARA is entirely volunteer-run, we do our own fundraising to really make people aware of climate change and its effects on the planet." Countryfile airs Sunday at 5:30pm on BBC One.