British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe has ruled himself out of the running to buy Chelsea. The British billionaire was heavily speculated to be one of many parties interested in purchasing the club from current owner Roman Abramovich. The Russian announced he has put the club up for sale amid heavy scrutinisation about his links to Vladimir Putin, amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. He bought the club from Ken Bates for £140m in 2003 and has overseen a trophy laden period which has included two Champions League titles, five Premier Leagues, five FA Cups, three League Cups, two Europa League titles, and the Club World Cup. However, his 19-year stewardship at Stamford Bridge is set to come to an end with the club now accepting bids from prospective buyers. But one of those will not come from Ratcliffe as a spokesperson for the richest man in Britain confirmed he is not interested in the prospect of buying the reigning Champions League holders. JUST IN: Chelsea may sign Barcelona star if Christensen moves to Nou Camp Reuters understands a representative of Ratcliffe reached out and said there is “no substance” to reports that he was considering a bid for the west London club. Sky News understands Abramovich’s advisers have issued letters to potential bidders, setting a deadline of mid March to make a firm offer for the club. It is also believed the Russian billionaire has already rejected a £2.5billion bid for the club. Moreover, Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss claimed he had been offered the chance to buy the club. "Abramovich is trying to sell all of his villas in England, he also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly," Wyss said to Blick. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man UtdKylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chanceBarcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "I and three other people received an offer on Tuesday to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. "You know, Chelsea owe him £2billion. But Chelsea have no money. Anyone who buys Chelsea must compensate Abramovich. "As of today, we don't know the exact selling price. I can well imagine starting at Chelsea with partners. But I have to examine the general conditions first." A couple of days after Wyss’ claim, Abramovich officially announced he has put the club up for sale, but will not demand any loans to be repaid. “I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC. As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the Club’s best interest at heart,” Abramovich said in a statement. “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the Club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the Club, the fans, the employees, as well as the Club’s sponsors and partners. “The sale of the Club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. “This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and Club. Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated. “The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery. “Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the Club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the club.”