Ahead of Mother’s Day on Sunday, ITV’s This Morning introduced a new segment where beauty presenter Sarah Jossel gave gift ideas with presenters Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson taking note. The expert began to list some of the do’s and don'ts in the build-up to the celebration and accidentally let slip what the Bristolian host had planned to buy for her mum, leaving the presenter lost for words. Sarah explained: “The other thing with Mother’s Day, is I think people panic.” Turning to the former Big Brother star, Sarah said: “You were telling me earlier, Josie, you don’t know what to get your mum. “She wants to get her mum a horse,” Sarah told viewers before adding: “We don’t have a horse here but we have other ideas.” Shortly after the reveal, Josie let out a gasp and began to awkwardly laugh before co-host Phillip pointed out: “I think you just let her secret out then.” READ MORE:The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps  "I'm so sorry Josie's mum!" replied Sarah, visibly shocked about her slip-up. “It’s fine Sarah,” Josie reassured her before patting her on the shoulder, saying: “It’s okay.” Josie giggled before awkwardly adding: “Well that’s that surprise ruined but it’s okay.” “They’re so tough to wrap,” joked Phillip as they began to break into laughter.   Hoping to bring the conversation back, Sarah said: “I think what’s worth saying is don’t panic and get something that will sit at the back of the cupboard.” “Like a horse,” quipped the Dancing on Ice presenter. Sarah laughed: “Like a horse, you don’t want a horse at the back of your cupboard.” Later on in the segment, Josie didn’t let the blunder drop as she went back in with another joke.    Phillip and Josie were left giggling throughout the item after the faux pas. "Who needs a horse when you've got a lipstick holder?" quipped the mum-of-one. Josie has featured regularly on ITV screens recently after filling in for Holly and also for Phillip on occasions. Both Holly and Phillip have had to miss out on fronting the ITV show after testing positive for Covid at separate points this year. And it's safe to say ITV viewers have loved seeing the reality TV star take the reins. On Twitter, @mummarebecca praised Josie: “Can Josie replace holly permanently- she absolutely has been making my mornings. Love her! #thismorning." And @missohlola echoed: “I used to think Philip and Holly were a good presenting pairing, but Josie and Philip are brilliant together #ThisMorning." While @danielleblackx_concurred: “Josie is just a breath of fresh air #thismorning love her." This Morning airs weekdays on ITV at 10am.