Manchester United may have the perfect opportunity to take advantage of Leicester's financial situation this summer with Youri Tielemans available for a cut-price fee. The Red Devils have raised a few eyebrows in the last few transfer windows for not bolstering their options in midfield. Scott McTominay, Fred and Nemanja Matic have come under criticism this season with United struggling to find some form. Tielemans was talked about as a target for United last summer, but Leicester were able to hold on to the Belgium international. Things may change this summer though with the Telegraph claiming five first-team players 'could be sold to raise funds'. Leicester are said to double the £33.1million pre-tax loss for next year, meaning Brendan Rodgers may need to shake things up in his squad in order to get the signings he wants. On the chopping block could be Tielemans, who will have just a year left on his contract come the end of the season. It is claimed that Tielemans will be available for just £25m, which is around half of what Leicester were demanding last year. JUST IN: Man Utd star De Gea 'upset' with Enrique and could quit Spain duty  The 24-year-old has impressed in his three-and-a-half seasons at Leicester and is a regular source of goals. He also scored the only goal in last year's FA Cup final as Leicester beat Chelsea. But United's interest in Leicester's squad may not end in Tielemans with reports from last summer also suggesting they were tracking Caglar Soyuncu. The 25-year-old was said to have been placed on United's 'transfer list' before they signed Raphael Varane from Real Madrid. The Frenchman ended up being United's only defensive recruit last year, but there are expected to be more changes at the end of the season. Eric Bailly has faced serious questions over his future at the club while Phil Jones is expected to leave. DON'T MISS  But Soyuncu, much like Tielemans, has earned high praise for his performances in the Premier League under Rodgers' guideship. The Turkey international spent one year playing alongside Harry Maguire before United swooped in for the latter in 2019. Leicester just missed out on a European spot that season, but enjoyed a better defensive record than both Arsenal and United that year. A lot will depend on which manager United choose to come in as Ralf Rangnick's replacement. Erik ten Hag has been touted as the frontrunner, but Mauricio Pochettino has long been linked with the hotseat at Old Trafford. Rodgers too had seen his name thrown in the hat to take over at United, but the Leicester boss has previously said speculation of him switching to Old Trafford is "not real".