The UK Government has unleashed a host of sanctions against Russia following its president's invasion of Ukraine. Foreign Office humanitarian teams have also been sent to Poland’s border with Ukraine to provide medical and other support for those many thousands leaving the country. But George Parker has decided to take matters in his own hands and is now headed to Kyiv. The 30-year-old served two tours, totalling seven months, in Afghanistan where he bravely fought the Taliban. He has now sold his PlayStation 5 games console to raise money for flying to Ukraine. Given his soldierly experience, Mr Parker insisted Putin “can't throw anything at [me I’ve] not seen before”. He told the Daily Star he believed it was his moral duty to help defend Ukraine’s sovereignty. Mr Parker said: “I’m not nervous, I’m more nervous speaking to the media than fighting the Russians.” Looking back over his service in Afghanistan, he commented: “In Afghanistan, I saw everything the Taliban had to throw against us. "I was on frontline infantry so I dealt with rocket and bomber attacks. "I expect what I'll see in Ukraine will be nothing I haven’t experienced before." READ MORE: Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' Pictures show the solider collecting donated body armour and military surplus clothing at a military surplus store in Folkestone earlier this week. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said on Monday she supported the decisions of Britons who decide to travel to Ukraine to fight against Putin’s forces. She backed their eagerness, stressing Ukrainians were fighting for freedom, “not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe”. Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood qualified these comments, asking: “Please, do not go to Ukraine unless you have some form of combat experience.” DON'T MISS: Russia sanctions will be 'more painful' to EU [OPINION] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] Iran blames West for Putin invading Ukraine in sensational attack [REVEAL] He added that those without such experience were likely not only to put themselves at risk but others fighting alongside them. Mr Parker, who does possess combat experience, said he was “willing to die for this cause”. The British soldier said: “I think freedom is something we take for granted and we should defend it.” He added, however, he will be joined by two friends who have no military experience. His plan is to travel to Poland before heading to Ukraine where he intends to sign up for two years. Mr Parker’s mother, Paula Nightingale, 57, is “worried” yet supportive of her son’s decision. She said: “He’ll go into the thick of it, he’s got it all set up. He’ll join up with the foreign fighters, he feels he has skills to share. "He wants to defend. "I support his decision to go 100 percent, I have to.”