The ever-expanding Marvel Cinematic Universe is currently bringing on a number of new actors to the series. The upcoming Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is set to introduce the likes of Mr Fantastic, Professor X, Blade, and even a new Iron Man. But Harry Potter actor Radcliffe also wants to be a part of this new influx of actors, and he is not shy about it. After Radcliffe finished off playing Harry Potter in the Wizarding World films he has taken on a number of indie projects. He appeared in the horror mystery thriller Horns in 2013 and has since worked on Swiss Army Man, Guns Akimbo, Escape from Pretoria and many more. But he might be on his way back to franchise work, as he was asked about some Marvel rumours during a recent red carpet event. Radcliffe was asked about rumours he will be taking on the role of Wolverine now that Hugh Jackman has stepped away from the character after 17 years.  But he revealed he was going to "disappoint" his fans. Radcliffe revealed that he had not been cast as Wolverine - but he was open to it. He said: "So many times people come up to me like: 'Hey man, I heard the Wolverine news, that's really cool!' And I'm like, mate, it's not... I don't know anything about it!" On the rumours, he added: "I appreciate that someone has, clearly, gone, oh Wolverine is actually short in the comic books, we should get, like, a short guy to do it! But I don't... I don't see myself [in the role]." However, he did lay out a challenge for Marvel. READ MORE: Star Wars new trilogy: Marvel hero 'joins series as Sith Empress' Radcliffe referenced the height and body type of former Wolverine actor Jackman. He said: "I don't see them going from Hugh Jackman to me afterwards. But who knows? Prove me wrong, Marvel!" If Radcliffe were going to be inducted into the MCU now would be the perfect time. With the upcoming introduction of Professor X in Doctor Strange 2, the arrival of Wolverine would certainly be a welcome addition to the ongoing franchise. However, this would be a big departure for Patrick Stewart's version of Professor X whose Wolverine died in Logan. DON'T MISS...Morbius: Jared Leto drops major Tom Holland Spider-Man crossover hint [NEWS]Ghost Rider star Nicolas Cage breaks silence on 'temptation' to return [INFO]Star Wars new trilogy: Marvel hero 'joins series as Sith Empress' [STAR WARS LEAK] The Canadian warrior was killed off at the end of Logan (2017) after protecting Laura, otherwise known as X-23. Stewart's Professor X was also killed off in the same film after being in the franchise for almost 20 years. The British actor added that he would want to return to play Charles Xavier if Logan didn't finish off his story so perfectly. Stewart said: "Here's the problem... If we had not made Logan, then yes, I would probably be ready to get into that wheelchair one more time and be Charles Xavier. But Logan changed all that." But if he were playing opposite Radcliffe's version of Wolverine, would he be more open to returning as the mutant patriarch for the long run? Or is his time truly over? The Marvel and X-Men films are available to watch on Disney Plus. The Harry Potter series is available to watch on NOW. SOURCE