Season nine of The Blacklist was hoped to continue this Friday, but, unfortunately, the popular NBC crime drama has once again been pushed back for another midseason hiatus. After the show’s latest schedule update on Instagram, viewers have taken to the comments to vent their frustrations with the constant delays. The Blacklist is taking yet another hiatus less than a month after the show’s last midseason break. NBC’s popular espionage drama will continue with the 12th episode of season nine next Friday, March 18. Red Reddington (played by James Spader) and the rest of the task force returned to screens in January, only to take a lengthy break just three episodes later. After picking up the latest outing on February 25, it hasn’t taken long for the popular crime drama to be hit with yet another unexpected delay. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour The show’s official Instagram page broke the news on Friday, and received a decidedly mixed response from The Blacklist’s legion of impatient fans. The account posted a new image of Red and confirmed: “Good things come to those who wait. Red returns next week.” While fans won’t have to wait too long for the series to continue, they were nonetheless disappointed to learn there wouldn’t be another new episode for them to enjoy on Friday. Many of them took to the comments to criticise the show’s latest slew of midseason breaks. Instagram user @noorsaherah commented: “Why [are they] giving so many breaks this season? It's really feeling way too much.” To which @monkeysmom61 replied: “The breaks are driving me nuts.” “What is it with all these hiatuses?” @vitckari asked. And @itsthatskaterkid commented: “Wow every week it’s something.” Other fans have become fed up with the series ever since series main Megan Boone departed her role as Liz Keen last season. DON'T MISS:The Chase viewers furious as ITV airs repeat celeb special [REACTION]NCIS LA sparks frenzy as co-stars confirm new roles [LATEST]Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [UPDATE] Now The Blacklist has picked up with Red and his associates two years later, some viewers have grown uninterested and admitted they’d prefer the series was cancelled. User @tobilli replied: “This show has been [draggin] for way too long. It should have ended last season. “This season got me lost. The interest just died. It’s like going in circles for way too long.” @12_sku11lov3r_12 agreed wholeheartedly and added: I get James Spader is the executive producer and wants to keep going and whatever. But really at this time there’s no reason anymore. “I mean you had Liz’s husband who died way, way back, then Mr Kaplan, then Liz’s mom, then the Grandpa died, then Red's friend died, then Liz died, and Agnes is growing up. “So is it really worth continuing with everyone gone? I mean it’s a good show. But yes at this point it is dragging on. I know they wanna find out who shot Liz but I hope after that it’s done.” With so many of the main cast dead and buried, The Blacklist’s now confirmed the tenth season could find itself with significantly fewer fans than the show’s previous instalments. The Blacklist season 9 continues Friday, March 18 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.