Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp are planning a move for Chelsea transfer target Aurelien Tchouameni, according to reports. Thomas Tuchel’s side have been linked with a move for the Frenchman ever since his impressive performance for France in the Nations League final. However, the west Londoners’ uncertainty, amid Roman Abramovich’s recent sanctioning by the UK government, has rocked any potential transfer plans for the Blues. Until the club is sold, Chelsea are currently forbidden from buying, selling, or even committing current players to new contracts. They are also set to lose millions in lost revenue as the current sporting licence they are operating under also does not allow the club to sell any match-day tickets or revenue. While Chelsea’s interest in Tchouameni has been prominent in numerous reports, they are not the only club to hold an interest in the midfielder. Real Madrid are also believed to be keen on signing the 22-year-old. But reports from Spain believe Liverpool are one of the latest teams to express an interest in the young Frenchman as they look to take advantage of Chelsea's dire situation. JUST IN: Man Utd 'preferred' manager candidate comes to light According to Marca, the Merseysiders have ‘asked’ about the prospect of bringing Tchouameni to Anfield. Klopp’s side could be well placed to make a move for him as he reportedly favours a move to the Premier League as opposed to La Liga, the Bundesliga, or Serie A. Monaco are expected to sell the young prodigy who has seven international caps for France. Leonardo Jardim’s are currently nine points away from the Ligue 1 Champions League places. The youngster’s likely craving for Champions League football ahead of the World Cup in November means he will be very difficult for Monaco to keep hold off. And Liverpool will likely be very attractive opposition at the end of the season. The Reds have already won the League Cup this season and they are still in with a chance of winning the Premier League, the FA Cup, and the Champions League. Nottingham Forest and Benfica are the only sides that currently stand between them and the semi-finals of the FA Cup and the Champions League respectively. They have made up incredible ground on Manchester City in the Premier League, reducing their 14-point gap to a singular point. However, Klopp chose to remain grounded after his side’s vital 2-0 away victory over Arsenal, insisting Pep Guardiola’s side are still best placed to win the title. “I really don’t think a lot about City,” Klopp said to the Liverpool site. “That’s the truth. I know that the only chance we have is to win an incredible amount of football games because our opponents win an incredible amount of football games. There is not chance to drop.”