The European Network for Economic and Fiscal Policy Research (EconPol Europe) has estimated that stopping imports of Russian energy could cost Germany up to 3 percent of its GDP in the short term. The authors of the report said that the country could replace imports of oil and coal from imports from other countries but would struggle to do so with gas. Andreas Peichl, a member of EconPol and head of the IFO Center for Macroeconomics and Surveys, said: "The cost of stopping energy imports would be significant, considering that the Corona pandemic cost about 4.5 percent in economic output." He added: "However, larger economic slumps and upheavals cannot be ruled out either, as the strength of the potential shock entails high uncertainties for the modelling. "In addition, it must be taken into account that large parts of industry have not yet recovered from the effects of the pandemic." The report says that German economic policy "should aim at strategically increasing incentives to substitute and save fossil energies as soon as possible. "In case that an active embargo is politically desired, it should start as soon as possible so that economic agents can use the summer period for adjustment." This comes as the European Commission has pledged to cut its use of Russian gas by two-thirds by the end of 2022, with the longer-term goal of ending its reliance on Russian energy entirely by 2030. Germany has voiced opposition to the plans, with Chancellor Olaf Scholz on Monday saying in a statement: "At the moment, Europe's supply of energy...cannot be secured in any other way." The country's foreign minister Annalena Baerbock added that a ban on Russian energy imports could "plunge other countries into chaos". She said: "If we end up in a situation where nurses and teachers are not coming to work, where we have no electricity for several days. READ MORE: ‘Nothing to offer!’ Ex-German Chancellor mocked over Putin meeting "Putin will have won part of the battle, because he will have plunged other countries into chaos." But Karen Pittel, EconPol network member and head of the IFO Centre for Energy, Climate and Resources, warned that Germany needs to cut back on Russian gas in order to avoid being "blackmailed" later down the line. She said: "Germany should reduce its dependence on Russian gas quickly and decisively. "Without appropriate measures today, we run the risk of being blackmailed next winter." DON'T MISS: Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [ANALYSIS] Brave Russian protesters defy Vladimir Putin's brutal crackdown [REPORT] Fox News presenter claims Biden is befriending Putin [REACTION] She added: "Immediate action avoids even harsher adjustments this year or next when the going gets tough. "As prices increase even further in the wake of this, targeted support measures would have to be taken for particularly affected industries and social groups." According to data from the World Bank, Germany imports around 60 percent of its energy. Around half of its gas and hard coal imports and a third of its oil comes from Russia. The EU as a whole imports about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and 27 percent of its oil The UK, which gets 4 percent of its gas and 8 percent of its oil from Russia, has pledged to phase out Russian oil imports by 2023 and explore ending gas imports. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said stopping imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022 was "another economic blow to the Putin regime". Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg.