He added: “No amount of Russian disinformation, distortion and dirty tricks can distract from Russia’s human rights abuses and illegal invasion of Ukraine. A desperate attempt.” That the caller was able to get through to the Defence Secretary’s office – and, it appears, to the man himself – has raised some questions. Ghanem Nuseibeh, founder of Cornerstone Global Associates, said in no uncertain terms “legitimate questions” regarding security must be asked “urgently”. “This is an extremely serious security breach and I fear it may be the tip of the iceberg. An urgent review is needed.” Mr Nuseibeh added: “If they can breach the communications of the Defence Secretary, who is supposed to have one of the UK’s most secure mode of communications, who else can they breach?” Simon Diggins, a former British army colonel and defence attaché to Afghanistan, also told Express.co.uk the event demonstrated a “lapse in security” within the Government. READ MORE: Zelensky astonishingly attacked for 'disrespecting' US in t-shirt The hoax phone call came after the release of a ‘deepfake’ video – where images are digitally altered to make it appear as though the subject is doing (or, in this case, saying) something they are not – of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. In the video, posted on Facebook, Mr Zelensky is made to appear as though he told his country their efforts in the war against Russia “have failed”. The message stated: “My advice to you is to lay down arms and return to your families. It is not worth it dying in this war. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] “My advice to you is to live. I am going to do the same.” The video has been widely criticised for attempting to spread disinformation. It was removed by Facebook a matter of hours after it was posted. Also on Thursday, the UK Ministry of Defence announced it will deploy a Sky Sabre Air Defence System to Poland, along with 100 personnel to operate it. This came upon Poland’s request. The Ministry commented: “Sky Sabre has unprecedented speed, accuracy, performance and target acquisition, which will significantly enhance Poland’s air defences.”