Russia's pledge to drastically cut back its military activity in northern Ukraine has been greeted with scepticism from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. In a video address on Wednesday, he said: “Ukrainians have already learned during these 34 days of invasion and over the past eight years of the war in Donbas that only a concrete result can be trusted.” It has now been over a month since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his soldiers into Ukraine. The country has been bombarded, but Ukrainian citizens have fought back alongside the army, frustrating Russian advances.    Western leaders, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson, have condemned Putin for the military action. UK-Russia relations have suffered in recent years, as seen in 2017, when Moscow mocked the UK's HMS Queen Elizabeth warship. The vessel was just three years old at the time, and cost £3billion to build. The tense exchange started when then Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon described Russia's only aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, as "old and dilapidated". Sir Michael had said Russia would be looking at Britain's new vessel, HMS Queen Elizabeth, with a "little bit of envy". But the Kremlin's Igor Konashenkov dismissed the British aircraft carrier as "just a convenient oversized target at sea," and claimed Sir Michael's remarks proved he has a "clear lack of naval knowledge". The Russian official added: "It is in the interests of the British Royal Navy not to show off the 'beauty' of its aircraft carrier on the high seas any closer than a few hundred miles to its Russian 'distant relative'." In the same year, Russian media also mocked the UK when all of the Royal Navy's strike subs went out of order. Newspapers, news agencies and TV stations close to President Vladimir Putin were quick to gloat about problems plaguing the UK's multi-billion-pound fleet of seven underwater "hunter-killers". Russian-language editions of Sputnik, the Kremlin's main propaganda and disinformation vehicle, described Britain's undersea home defences as being "naked". And Pro-Kremlin Life News suggested the defence assets were broken and there was no money to fix them. It added: "The waves now rule Britannia." READ MORE: PMQs LIVE: Boris and Commons erupts as Starmer demands PM RESIGN  John MacDonald of the Scottish Global Forum think tank stressed at the time the reports could be seen as a sign of weakness in Moscow. He said: "This could not come at a worse time as Russian sub activity out of the Arctic and down to UK waters, notably around Faslane, is at Cold War levels. "Operationally, this is bad. In PR terms, it may also send out a message of unpreparedness to UK allies and to Russia. "Symbolism (specifically, demonstrating strength) is all-important in Russia-NATO relations." A year later, the relationship between the UK and Russia would only worsen. This was because of the Salisbury attack in which two Russian nationals allegedly poisoned Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia. Yulia regained consciousness and was able to speak. DON'T MISS Wallace tears down Putin's withdrawal as Russia tries to save face [INSIGHT] GB News: Angela Rayner put on spot amid ‘partygate’ claims [ANALYSIS] Boris must listen to voters and win war on inflation, says TIM NEWARK [INSIGHT] She was discharged from the hospital on April 9, 2018, while Sergei was also in a critical condition until he regained consciousness one month after the attack. Then Prime Minister Theresa May expelled 23 Russian diplomats from the UK 10 days after the attack, laying down a statement of defiance to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who at the time was Foreign Secretary, found himself embroiled in a war of words with the Kremlin. Following the attack, Mr Johnson blamed the Russian President personally and lambasted Moscow. He said: "Our quarrel is with Putin's Kremlin, and with his decision, and we think it overwhelmingly likely that it was his decision to direct the use of a nerve agent on the streets of the UK, on the streets of Europe, for the first time since World War 2."