Princess Sofia of Sweden, 37, married Prince Carl Philip, 42, in 2015 and became a Princess of Sweden. Prior to this, Sofia was a glamour model and reality television contestant. Their sons Prince Alexander, five, Prince Gabriel, four, and 11-month-old Prince Julian are fifth, sixth and seventh in line to the Swedish throne, respectively.  While many royal fans know everything about the British Royal Family’s engagement rings, they do not always know quite as much about European engagement rings. In 2014, Prince Carl Philip of Sweden proposed to model Sofia Hellqvist. But the ring he presented her with broke from royal tradition. The Duke of Värmland asked Sofia to marry him with a round diamond surrounded by a ring of smaller diamonds set on a pavé band.  READ MORE: Kate's parenting style 'elegant' while Pippa 'looking breezily calm' According to reports, Prince Carl Philip worked on the engagement ring design with court jeweller W.A. Bolin. This was the same high-end jewellery company that also created a ring for the Prince’s sister, Princess Victoria. But the ring he presented her with broke a common tradition of their country. Traditionally, in Sweden, they do not exchange elegant engagement rings. Instead, they frequently trade modest gold bands during the engagement, keeping the more glitzy ring for the bride on the wedding day.  In the past, Swedish engagement rings were smooth without any embellishments. In other countries, it is often the engagement ring that is the more elaborate ring. Experts at Steven Stone jewellers took a closer look at Princess Sofia’s engagement ring. They said: “Sofia’s opulent engagement ring is set on a double-diamond band. “It has a brilliant centre diamond surrounded by a halo of lesser diamonds.” The ring is estimated to be worth £10,000.  Prince Carl Philip's marriage proposal came as a complete surprise to Sofia. The then 35-year-old Prince popped the question first thing in the morning. Talking about the proposal the Prince admitted: "I woke up several times the night before, I don't know if Sofia noticed. I wanted it to be a surprise." The couple married on June 13, 2015 in a beautiful ceremony at the royal church in Stockholm, with horse-drawn carriages and exquisite royal guests. The bride wore a stunning bridal gown crafted by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt.   Sofia was a controversial royal bride as she was formerly a model and a reality TV personality, who then became a Princess of Sweden. Following their wedding, Princess Sofia chose to pair her engagement ring with a diamond-encrusted wedding band. Prince Carl Philip is the only son and second child of Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia. His older sister Princess Victoria is the heir to the Swedish throne and she has two children. Therefore, Prince Carl Philip is currently fourth in the line of succession. 