Samantha Markle has claimed that Prince Harry's wife, who has ambitions for various projects with Netflix and Spotify projects, will never compare to the Kardashian family. In the last few months, Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry have signed lucrative deals with Netflix and Spotify. Many people have compared the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to the Kardashian family who have also launched their own show on Disney+.  The Sussexes previously confirmed they will be launching a podcast as well as saying they wanted to create movies and television programmes. However, speaking to the Daily Star from her home in Florida, Meghan's sister Samantha said: "They're not the Kardashians. "That's comparing apples to oranges. "The Kardashians were an American business empire and everyone knows their background." READ MORE: Meghan fans fume at 'DupliKate' as Duchess accused of 'copying' style   She added that Prince Harry and Meghan are totally different as they "evaded royal duties and broke off from the royal family creating a lot of controversies". Meghan's sister added: "If you mean by the Kardashians by just wealthy, there are so many wealthy families. "I don't think they would be the right comparison." The former actress who holds an MA in Counselling added: "They certainly seem to want to be a Hollywood couple. DON'T MISS Queen's visit was halted after 200 protesters triggered concern [INSIGHT] Sophie Wessex is the Firm's 'powerhouse' [REVEAL] Kate delights royal fans with sweet gesture during Jamaica tour [REPORT]   "But they made the choice to leave The Royal Family and that means when you leave royal duty, you don't get the benefits that convey, whether it's titles or all of the perks, you know, it's crazy. "It's just like a police officer leaving the police force, saying I quit and then still wanting a badge and a squad car to ride around in, that's the simplest analogy I can come up with." Samantha spoke about the speculation that the Royal Family had yet to meet Meghan and Harry's daughter, Lilibet Diana. She said: "It's such a mystery and it's bad for Her Majesty after Lillibet was named after her but the problem is that Meghan and Harry have created a situation where it's very awkward and uncomfortable for them to go back. "If Lillibet and Archie don't get to meet the Royal Family well that was their parent's decision to create the situation that made that difficult." 