TV and film actor Bob Odenkirk, 59, suffered a small heart attack last July during production on Better Call Saul, which will come to an end with its sixth outing this year. Before the new season lands on AMC and Netflix, the leading man has revealed how he recovered from his brush with death. Bob claimed CPR, a defibrillator, and his intense workout regime saved his life after collapsing in New Mexico last year. The Better Call Saul star immediately received CPR and three uses of a defibrillator after suffering a heart attack on-set before he was rushed to hospital. “Which is actually a lot,” he told Howard Stern in a recent interview. “When the defibrillator doesn’t work once, that’s not good. When it doesn’t work the second time, that is kind of like, 'Forget it'. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump “But then they jacked it up a third time, and it got me back to a rhythm.” He has since made a full recovery, and was able to continue production in early September last year. During his chat with radio star Howard, Bob also confirmed his excellent physical shape for his role in the action film Nobody also helped ensure his survival. “Because I was in good shape, you kind of enlarge other veins around your heart, if you work out a lot,” he explained. “And I was told that more blood was able to go to my heart during CPR because these veins were just a little bit bigger from a lot of working out.” Bob told his fans he was “doing great” in the first week of August, and was back to work on the AMC drama just over a month later. Speaking in more detail about the incident, he revealed he received successful surgery the morning after his heart attack. A build-up of plaque in his left heart anterior was identified as the main cause of the attack, and this was quickly removed and the actor left to make a full and speedy recovery. DON'T MISS:Mood creator ‘didn’t identify’ with Sasha [INSIGHT]Outlander: Jamie star Sam Heughan on ‘awkward’ sex scenes [INTERVIEW]Grey’s Anatomy: Teddy and Owen ripped apart after fallout? [SPOILERS] He went on to credit his crew’s quick response for saving his life and ensuring he was able to return to set in September. The Saul star told listeners: “Take CPR classes because you can save lives with them.” Nobody stars Bob as suburban dad Hutch Mansell whose secret life as an FBI agent is revealed when his family is attacked during a home invasion. The actor trained for three years with 87Eleven, the company which helped Keanu Reeves get back into shape for the John Wick franchise. As well as ensuring his relatively smooth recovery from a heart attack, Bob’s training regime could give his career a new lease of life as a blockbuster action star. The film’s writer Derek Kolstad has revealed there have already been talks about a potential crossover with the John Wick franchise, which he co-created with director David Leitch. As Nobody has already been greenlit for a sequel, fans can expect to see plenty more of Bob even after his long-running role as Saul Goodman comes to an end in 2022. Better Call Saul season 6, part 1 will premiere on AMC in the USA on Monday, April 18. It's released on Netflix UK the following day.