Charles Leclerc kickstarted his F1 season with a stunning win in Bahrain for Ferrari. Leclerc started in pole position for the season opener, and managed to hold first place until the very end of the race. It sealed an incredible Ferrari one-two in the Bahrain GP, with teammate Carlos Sainz finishing in second. Leclerc finished seventh in last season's driver standings, behind McLaren's Lando Norris, and teammate Sainz in fifth. The Monegasque failed to win a single race last year, and only achieved two poles. Similarly, he'd only previously won two races in his F1 career, and was an outsider to win this year's F1 title. But, after Ferrari's stunning start to the season, Leclerc is now second favourite for this year's crown, behind Max Verstappen. READ MORE: Hamilton's funny champagne chat with Leclerc after Bahrain GP Leclerc will be gaining added support in his championship quest from his girlfriend, Charlotte Sine. The pair started dating back in 2020, after Leclerc broke up with his previous girlfriend in 2019. Leclerc frequently appears in Sine's Instagram photos, as the pair travel the world. She's from Monaco, just like Leclerc, and is the daughter of Emmanuel Sine - the manager of the oldest entertainment company in Monaco. Sine is a model and social media influencer, and has been in a relationship with the F1 star for over a year now. Ahead of the first race of the season, she posted a cute photograph of the couple in the paddock on her Instagram. The picture was captioned with: "Who's readyyyy?", sparking fans to wish Leclerc luck for the race ahead. A few weeks previous, Sine posted a photo of her and Leclerc from Mexico, captioned: "My everything." DON'T MISSSainz's warning to Hamilton and Verstappen after Bahrain podium [LATEST]Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes rub salt into Max Verstappen wounds [NEWS]Max Verstappen furious at Red Bull on mistakes that 'shouldn't happen' [QUOTES] Leclerc was previously dating Italian Giada Gianni for well over four years. They got together in January 2015, but split up in November 2019, with Gianni confirming the news. She announced on an Instagram video that Leclerc decided to end the relationship to focus on the remainder of the F1 season. "Charles left me," she said, at the time. "He wants to devote himself only to Ferrari." Meanwhile, after Leclerc raced to the first GP win of the season, he admitted he couldn't have hoped for much better. He said: "The last two years have been incredibly difficult for the team. "Now, starting in the best way possible. Pole position, victory, fastest lap, one-two with Carlos, we couldn’t have hoped for any better." Sainz added: "Ferrari are properly back with a one-two, where the team should be."