 Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster discussed the ongoing conflict in Ukraine on their GB News show on Wednesday morning. The presenting duo spoke to former British army commander Colonel Richard Kemp about whether or not an agreement could be made between Ukraine and Russia to end the war. As they discussed the ongoing peace talks, Richard suggested a “victory for Putin” could be on the horizon.    Isobel began by asking Richard for his thoughts on a potential agreement between Russia and Ukraine. The presenter questioned: “What’s your assessment then of this sort of shift in tone from President Zelenskyy? “Is it an olive branch do you think or is it an act of frustration with NATO, who haven’t provided him with this much wanted no fly zone over the country?” She asked. “I think actually he never probably expected NATO to provide a no fly zone or any other form of direct military intervention in the conflict. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star?  “He has before hinted that he accepted that Ukraine will not join NATO and also he sort of tentatively agreed to a compromise on the status of Donbas and Crimea, which are also President Putin’s demands. “So, it looks very much as if Zelenskyy is looking to try and end the war with an agreement with Russia. “The Russians also appear now to be negotiating in earnest and it looks like both sides could possibly reach an agreement. “It would be on Putin’s terms, so it would in fact be a victory for Putin maybe in the next few days or weeks,” he said.   Eamonn asked: “Do you look at this conflict and think is there anything that we did in Bosnia or Croatia that we’re not doing now and perhaps we could? “There was no Russia hovering, there was no spectre of China or Russia or whatever. “Was there anything we were able to do and we were slow doing a lot of things there, but we did do some things. “Was there any comparisons in your mind?” Eamonn questioned. DON'T MISS...‘Double standards’ GMB race row erupts in oil supply debate [WATCH]Bridgerton’s Kate Sharma actress on 'scary' new role [INSIGHT]Emmerdale’s Louise Jameson on returning as new character [MUST SEE]   Richard replied: “I think we did a great deal in this conflict both in terms of diplomatic and economic action against Putin and also supporting Ukraine with large scale weapon supply, which maybe could have been even greater, as well as finance and intelligence on what the Russians are doing. “All of those things I think have helped President Zelenskyy a great deal. “I think the one thing that could have stopped this from happening was a NATO deployment into Ukraine at Ukraine’s request before the invasion began. “That I think would have deterred Putin from invading. I don’t think he, despite his rhetoric, has any desire to cross swords with NATO.    “Having said that, once the invasion began there was absolutely no political support in any NATO country for direct intervention by NATO such as bombing of Russian forces or shooting down Russian planes. “Those things are about the only additional things we could have done I think in this situation. “But, as I said there was no will or support anywhere in NATO to do that,” the former British army commander explained. Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel airs on GB News on weekdays at 6am. 