Antiques Roadshow visited Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland in a recently aired episode of the BBC show. Expert Suzanne Zack was captivated by a Henry Ryland pencil drawing brought in by a guest who revealed her brother had purchased the artwork for £200. The owner was left utterly stunned when Suzanne revealed the drawing was worth a five-figure sum. Suzanne began: “When I saw this drawing that you brought in today, it was behind glass and I had to lean in and think, ‘Could this be an original drawing?’ “We had it taken out of the frame and removed the glass and we lifted the new mount that you had put on it to find the original mount inside and to see it's by Henry Ryland and she's called Jasmine. “It is an original pencil drawing by him. How did you come to have this drawing?” “My brother was a print dealer and he bought it I don't know where I think possibly London, but he always kept it he didn't sell it and then he died and it got passed on to me,” the owner replied. Read more: Antiques Road Trip expert Izzie Balmer makes profit from tobacco tin Suzanne continued: “Henry Ryland is considered to be one of the foremost artists of the neoclassical revival, which came after the Pre-Raphaelite period. “Henry Ryland was a particularly fine artist in the medium of watercolour and considered to be one of the best exponents of that medium. “But this is a pencil drawing and what strikes you when you look at it, is the level of meticulous detail in the modelling and the drapery and the beautiful face, which he has captured so softly and so sympathetically. “But there's something else about her that I think, is worth mentioning, and that is that she might be dressed in classical drapery, but she's also very much a woman of her time.” “And at that time, in the late 19th century, around the 1870s, 1880s the aesthetic movement was very much in fashion, and she looks very much like a contemporary woman, wearing the looser, more romantic clothing, casting away the tight-fitting restrictive corsets,” Suzanne explained. “She really feels like she could have been a model of that time and are there particular things about it that you love?” The guest replied: “Yes, I do. I think the quality of the drawing and particularly her hair, I just think it's so intricate, and I love the background as well the jasmine plant.” “Yes,” the expert agreed. “It’s so delicately observed.” DON'T MISSAntiques Roadshow expert stunned by Army tank mask [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow guest blown away by Buddha statue  [VIDEO]Antiques Roadshow guest shuts down expert over Roman knife handle  [INSIGHT] “Do you have any idea what your brother paid for it when he bought it?” She answered: “It was certainly a couple £100 no more. I can't remember exactly.” “There was a drawing of a very similar model, it might have been the same model that came up for auction only a few months ago and I would say that your drawing was equal, if not more beautiful. “I think if that example is anything to go by, this could easily fetch in the region of £30,000.” “Gosh,” the owner exclaimed before the expert added: “She's just gorgeous.” “I really enjoyed hearing about Jasmine, and that it would have been a model probably and what she represented,” the owner added to the camera. “Yes, lots of money maybe I'll have a bit more respect I don’t know if that’s the right word. “I have always loved looking at her so I think she does deserve perhaps a bit more of a flamboyant frame.” Antiques Roadshow continues on BBC One on Sunday at 8pm.