The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have come into their own over the past two years and showed they possess "star quality" much like Meghan and Prince Harry, royal commentator Duncan Larcombe claimed. And, through their ongoing tour of the Caribbean in particular, Kate and Prince William have delivered loud and clear the message the Royal Family is "in safe hands", he added. The royal expert told OK! magazine: "The Queen and Prince Charles will be very happy to see them being so warmly received and doing so well. "This tour has delivered by sending the message that the Royal Family is in safe hands. "William and Kate's coming of age that we've witnessed in the last two years has more than filled the gap left by Harry and Meghan. "Harry and Meghan have star quality, but so do William and Kate." Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here The Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially stepped down as senior royals at the end of March 2020. This move left the Firm without two deeply popular working members. While the loss of Meghan and Harry marked a heavy blow for the Royal Family, during 2020 Kate and William were able to shape their legacy-making projects. Following almost a decade of work behind the scenes focused on the early years, the Duchess launched a nationwide survey on the topic. READ MORE: Meghan fans fume at 'DupliKate' as Duchess accused of 'copying' style The findings of this analysis, completed with experts' research and case studies, resulted in November 2020 in the first virtual forum on the issue hosted by the Royal Foundation. A few weeks prior, Prince William officially launched his decade-long Earthshot Prize, set to award a total of £50million to people and organisations submitting to the initiative their solutions to the five biggest issues faced by planet earth this decade. The coronavirus pandemic forced the Duke and Duchess to take a break from international travels. Prior to their trip to the Caribbean, the last international visit they carried out took place in Ireland in March 2020.   Kate and William's ongoing tour started last Saturday in Belize. Hours before their arrival, the royal visit was rocked by protests in the village of Indian Creek. The row centred on a "contested property" between the residents and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity of which the Duke is a patron. Belize outlet Channel 7 also reported further discontent may have been caused by the landing site decided for the helicopter taking Kate and William to the destination of their engagement, amid claims residents had not been consulted. As a result, Kate and William were forced to visit a different cocoa farm than planned, and headed on Sunday at one in the coastal village of Hopkins. Despite the rocky start, their trip to Belize was successful, with many local residents gathering to see the royal pair during their various stops. The trip to Belize also featured a unique engagement, as Kate and William went scuba diving to raise awareness on the damages of climate change on the barrier reef and the outstanding conservation efforts made by the local government. Kate and William travelled to Jamaica's Trench Town on Tuesday, where they were met by an enthusiastic crowd of cheering fans. However, the pair's arrival was also met by protesters gathered in Kingston to demand slavery reparations. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's last engagement in Jamaica took place on Thursday, when they attended the inaugural Commissioning Parade for service personnel across the Caribbean who have completed the Military Academy’s officer training programme. Hours later, they landed in The Bahamas to begin the last leg of their tour.