Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has cut a frustrated figure after not being allowed to spend vast amounts of money in the winter window. Having lost four first-team players, the Italian only brought in two, highlighting a need for squad depth at Spurs. However, he could sell a plethora of players in the summer to add to his budget and challenge for a top four place in the Premier League. Express Sport takes a look at five players who could leave.  Emerson Royal Emerson's start to life in the Premier League hasn't gone as he would have dreamt in his head. The Brazilian joined from Barcelona in August for a fee of around £26million, with a five-year-contract being agreed. However, some lacklustre performances have seen him dropped for Matt Doherty and Conte could look to cash in on the Brazilian. Tanguy Ndombele Ndombele is another flop story at Tottenham, although he has fared slightly better than Emerson. The Frenchman was loaned back to Lyon - who Tottenham bought him from for £63million in 2019 - after falling out with Conte and being booed down the tunnel following a shocking performance against minnows Morecambe in January. JUST IN: Man Utd lack three things as Neville makes comparison to Man City The French giants have a clause to bring him back to the Groupama Stadium for £54m at the end of the season, which would give Conte a massive boost in the transfer market. Steven Bergwijn Bergwijn has been a peripheral figure since he joined the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in January 2020, despite a promising start in north London. He has scored just six league goals in 51 games since his move from PSV, a tally that is not ideal for Conte to challenge for the Champions League spaces. The Dutchman would likely warrant a fee of around £25m if he was to move on, giving Conte vital funds to splash. Japhet Tanganga Tanganga is another who garnered attention after bursting onto the scene under Jose Mourinho. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  The London-born star currently has a knee injury, although he was struggling to get into the team before his time on the treatment table. At just 22 years old, the youngster could be a superb purchase for any Premier League team. Giovani Lo Celso Lo Celso has failed to break into the mould of the Tottenham side despite showing promise at Real Betis. Tottenham spent £42m on him, and despite a few superb cameo appearances, consistency was a huge issue. If they recoup most of that fee, Conte should have a huge warchest to spend in the summer. 