Rylan Clark, 33, has retaliated after a Twitter user criticised him for not paying more attention to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. The row began when the Strictly: It Takes Two host said he was debating getting a tattoo. In view of his 1.6 million followers, he pondered: “Think I want a tattoo...Is this midlife or...” A user, named Keith, then condemned Rylan for “mincing about” when there is a humanitarian crisis at play. He wrote: “People dying in Ukraine and you are mincing about dreaming of tattoos. Grow up.” Furious Rylan hit back, and also appeared to take aim at other celebrities “plastering” their support for Ukrainian refugees online. READ MORE:'Can't believe it' Dick Strawbridge bids farewell to special show The BBC Radio Two host raged: “U got any idea what I’ve done for the cause? No, because I don’t feel the need to plaster it all over social media so thanks and take care have a great eve.” (sic) Hundreds of Rylan’s fans flocked to the comments to defend the star against criticism. Steph said: “That’s ridiculous...regardless of what happens in the world, life still goes on.” Dave fumed: “Keith...what a weird take. I feel heartbroken for the people of Ukraine but it doesn’t mean Rylan shouldn’t think of getting a tattoo. Strange man.” While Honeywitch penned: “Rylan for me - you represent people doing the fun and kindness that all Ukrainians and Russians should have access to. Instead of running from or to war. Fun sometimes looks trivial, but it is part of who we are.” And @Mrs_harket echoed: “I had to block someone once as they had a go at me for getting my nails done after the Italian earthquake. You take care Rylan. Oh, and good luck with whatever tattoo you decide to get.” It comes after Rylan reflected on his reputation following a series of tumultuous events over the past few months. Chatting to drag queens Kitty Scott-Claus and Cheryl Hole on his Ry-Union podcast two weeks ago, the host confessed: “Over the past three months, I’m building myself a bit of a reputation. DON'T MISSStrictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border[LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert[INSIGHT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans[NEWS] “And let me tell you, it’s good for the career!” Back in September, it was announced that Rylan and his husband, Dan Neal, were separating after six years of marriage. He was rushed to hospital for a mystery illness last month and forced to miss several of his presenting gigs as a result. The Celebrity Big Brother winner addressed his “extended stay” in hospital when he returned to The One Show in February. Co-host Alex Jones asked: “How are you? People have been worried.” Rylan replied: “You know me, I just love a little drama. I’m good now, thank you, I had a little bit of a dodgy time but I’m good.” When Jones said he was “looking well and back on track”, Clark joked: “I am – it’s a lot of makeup.”