Manchester United would be wise to eye up a potentially fruitful back-up plan if summer moves for Mauricio Pochettino or Erik ten Hag fall flat. The former, currently in charge of PSG, has recently seen his stock fall after Real Madrid produced an inspired comeback victory to dump them out of the Champions League, while the latter has poured time and effort into a harmonious Ajax project that he may wish to remain a part of. United bounced back from last weekend's dismal derby defeat by pipping Tottenham in a thrilling 3-2 contest on Saturday afternoon. Cristiano Ronaldo's superb hat-trick will have buoyed morale as the Red Devils eye up qualification for next season's Champions League. While the club have plenty to fight for in the short term, fans could be forgiven for looking into the future too with a managerial change pencilled in for the summer. Pochettino and Ten Hag have both been touted but as previously mentioned, there is no guarantee that the club could land either coach. JUST IN: Arsenal 'hatch plan' to hijack Philippe Coutinho move despite Aston Villa's Barcelona pact After pulling off a 2-0 victory at the Amex Stadium on Saturday, Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp was eager to talk up Brighton boss Graham Potter who is seen by some as an outside contender for the Old Trafford hotseat. "I respect a lot what Graham is doing," said the German, "I really hope that people here know what they have." "There are a few issues that Brighton have, definitely, but the way he sets the team up and the way they play I could not respect more. "Between football people, Graham is really highly regarded. I like watching his team a lot, I don't like playing them too much. He's a really good one." DON'T MISS...Mo Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs BrightonRomelu Lukaku 'makes decision' on Chelsea exit as stars plot escape from Abramovich chaosMan Utd hero Gary Neville fires triple warning over Marcus Rashford rumours - 'Sort it out!' Calls for Potter to be considered for the United job have lost some of their clout in light of Brighton's recent run of five successive Premier League defeats. But the Seagulls have had to face tough opposition on that unfortunate streak, and they still sit well clear of relegation trouble in 13th. Potter has drawn plaudits for his clearly-identifiable style of play which involves pressing from the front while maintining a solid defensive structure, getting the best out of his crop of players via an ability to play multiple formations, and building from the back. All told, the 46-year-old has developed a gutsy approach which stands up to what the Premier League demands in the modern era. Relatively unknown as a player, Potter served a gruelling apprenticeship as a manager with Ostersund. During a seven-year stint in Sweden, he took them from the fourth tier to an historic Europa League group stage appearance. Having moved on to Swansea and then the south coast, many believe it is time to see Potter's eye-catching ideas tested at a higher level. There may be no limit to what he can achieve with greater firepower and significant backing in the transfer market. Man Utd hero Gary Neville has already discussed the need for his former club to recruit with a long-term vision in mind. Whether swoops for Pochettino and Ten Hag work out or not, Potter could be the rogue answer that was hiding in plain sight the whole time. 