Although Her Majesty is not ill and is “as committed to her duties of state as ever”, palace aides and royal doctors have been reviewing the Queen’s workload to ensure she paces herself ahead of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations this year. A news report by The Telegraph quoting the royal sources said senior royal aides and the Queen herself have accepted that the “frailties that come with living a long life” are finally catching up with her.  The Queen, who has suffered a string of health issues since last autumn and is increasingly using a walking stick, was extremely “regretful” about the decision to miss Monday’s Commonwealth Day Service. Had she appeared, it would have been her first public appearance since last October. One source told The Telegraph: “It’s about pacing her diary now.” They added that the days of the Queen dashing across the country for plaque unveilings and walkabouts would become a thing of the past.   The source continued: “She has said herself that she is as committed to service as ever, but that will have to take a slightly different form.” Royal author Phil Dampier told the publication: “It’s quite simple, really. “She’s finding it extremely difficult to walk or stand for long periods. “She will make a huge effort to attend the Prince Philip memorial, but they will have to make allowances for her – and no one will begrudge it. She’s nearly 96.” READ MORE: Queen plots retreat away from Windsor Castle Insisting that she would “never abdicate”, Mr Dampier added that she regards her Coronation Oath as a “sacred vow”. He said: “Abdication has been a dirty word in the Queen’s vocabulary, since Edward VIII forced her father, George VI, to become king. “The Queen still believes that was a factor in his premature death in 1952. I don’t think she would ever abdicate. “Logic might suggest it’s a good idea – she’s done 70 years and broken every record in the book. But she won’t [abdicate], as she regards her Coronation Oath as a sacred vow before God.” DON'T MISS:P&O's millionaire chief's cruel jibe before he sacked workersNuclear convoy carrying ‘up to 6’ warheads passes GlasgowRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle tipped to bag her own Oscar Mr Dampier continued to say that passing the reins to Charles “would only happen if the Queen was completely bedridden. “Her brain is still pin-sharp – she’s 100 per cent on the ball mentally, she’s just got mobility problems.” Last Monday, Her Majesty met with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle, her first in-person meeting since recovering from Covid. Both Mr Trudeau and other sources have said she was in good health and was not using her walking stick. Another source who saw her at Sandringham last month confirmed she appeared to be “bright, alert and walking relatively unencumbered”. 