One Manchester United star used to really "p*** off" Dimitar Berbatov in training, as the Bulgarian revealed who the worst trainer was under Sir Alex Ferguson at the club. Berbatov may not have been hailed for his work rate, but he couldn't stand his team-mate at times. Former Manchester United great Dimitar Berbatov was known for his 'relaxed' approach to the beautiful game, but even he got frustrated with sloppy trainers. The Bulgarian star hung up his boots four years ago after a glamorous career, starring in the Premier League for Tottenham, United and Fulham after impressing at Bayer Leverkusen. There was still time for Berbatov to boast his skills with Monaco in Ligue 1 before calling time on his career. Berbatov was never one to impress with his work rate, but his skill on the ball and elegance excused him from harsh criticism. And even though the Bulgarian was sometimes branded as 'lazy', even he got fed up with one star at United. JUST IN: Gary Neville goes against Man Utd fans in Erik ten Hag calls The Bulgarian was signed by United in 2008 after a lengthy summer transfer saga with Tottenham, much like the one Manchester City had this summer with Harry Kane. But United got their man, and he helped inspire Sir Alex Ferguson's side to two Premier League titles in four years. Berbatov then left for Fulham as he was replaced by Robin van Persie, and upon reflecting on his time at United, the Bulgarian revealed one former team-mate who would not work hard. And it annoyed Berbatov so much that he admitted to being regularly "p***** off" in training. The Bulgarian revealed to Betfair: "Worst trainer I must say Anderson. He was at Man Utd and although he had a bunch of quality and talent in him and yeah, on his day he was really good. READ MORE: Man Utd and Tottenham warned about 'big cry baby' Paulo Dybala "But in training sessions he was really p****** me off sometimes to be honest. Like I was probably sometimes doing things that p***ed other people off, but Anderson really p***** me off." Anderson was signed from Porto in 2007 and spent eight years at United before heading back to his native Brazil, and the midfielder retired at the age of 31. While Cristiano Ronaldo plays on at 37, or Zlatan Ibrahimovic into his 40s, Anderson felt as though he had seen enough in his early 30s. This perhaps echoes Berbatov's 'bad trainer' claim, but Anderson won't have many regrets. The Brazilian can retire happy knowing that he's won almost all there is to win in football after winning the Premier League, Champions League and even the Copa America with Brazil. Anderson was an exception to the very high standard that United were known for under Ferguson, and Berbatov also revealed who the best trainer was during his time at United. Berbatov added: "Purely on training and wanting to produce every training session and working hard, I must say Gary Neville. "Neville is up there with really training hard every session to be honest. Just professionalism and still wanting to show that he's better than the other players around him. "He made an impression on me of that willingness at that age even when I was there, to show the young lads that he's better than them. That was really impressive." Neville was one of the last members of the ruthless generation that Ferguson coached, alongside Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs who later retired shortly after David Moyes took charge. United's standard has certainly fallen since then, and they are now approaching a decade without Premier League success. They have also gone five years without any silverware, and they will be hoping to get their next appointment right in the summer when interim boss Ralf Rangnick steps aside. However, there could be a lot of stars wanting to leave if United fail to make the top four, and it's looking unlikely.