Dan Walker, 44, has called on his social media followers to be “accurate” and “kind” when speaking about the “really horrible” news of Ukraine. The BBC Breakfast presenter had taken to his Instagram Story to reply to questions from some of his 272,000 followers. One of the people sending in their enquiries asked him how he remained “positive” on television “when what’s happening in Ukraine is so upsetting”. In a lengthy message, Dan explained: “The news is really horrible at the moment. “I try and imagine I’m a viewer. “I think that gives you a good handle on when it gets too much, when you need a break, when you need a reset, when you need a breath. “I also think it’s real life, it’s happening, it’s not that far away and people are suffering. “Be careful, be accurate, be kind.” Last week Dan came under fire after apologising over a Ukrainian guest swearing on BBC Breakfast when she became overcome with emotion. The presenter had been discussing Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with Ukrainian singer Maria Burmaka when she dropped the F-bomb as she denounced Russian President Vladimir Putin. Dan immediately apologised to viewers, telling Maria: “Maria, I understand the depth of feeling but I have to apologise to our viewers." The guest soon realised her mistake and put her hands over her mouth and thanked the presenters for being on the show. However, the moment did not sit right with many viewers, who criticised Dan’s lack of “sensitivity”. The broadcaster even saw his name trend on Twitter with social media users divided over his reaction to the swear word. READ MORE...Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT]Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance [LATEST]‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [NEWS] Twitter user JayneMcCubbinTV shared her outrage as she found out the reason why Dan was trending. She wrote: “This is so sad. Dan trending bc ppl have jumped on bandwagon to moan abt something they surely didn’t see. Bc if they had seen they’d know he spoke to her sensitively with compassion & the 1st words from his mouth were ‘I totally understand your emotion’ *sigh* “He didn’t shut her down. He simply acknowledged her rightful anger, made a gentle apology to viewers but not on her behalf. He couldn’t have been kinder.” (sic) In response, Dan thanked the viewer for clarifying his intentions as he highlighted that he had to stick to the Ofcom rules. He penned: “Thanks Jayne. I’m not sure if many of those complaining actually watched it. “I tried to be as gentle, caring & understanding as possible but follow the Ofcom rules at the same time.” However, Dan’s response failed to appease some critics, with one Twitter user blasting the BBC over the broadcasting rules. Petethegull said: “Just said elswhere that the BBC should hang their heads if they made you apologise for that, didn't see live but I bet the nation that did rose as one and applauded as I would have done. Shameful.” (sic)