Spice Girl-turned-fashion-entrepreneur Victoria Beckham posted a call to action on her Instagram account, providing links allowing people to donate towards helping the humanitarian crisis. She added that it was "impossible" not to have been impacted, while war waged on in the Ukrainian capital and residents fled their homes. Vladimir Putin's troops descended on Ukraine several days ago - and they have now been warned by the Russian Prime Minister to leave their homes as they are about to come under even more intense attack. A menacing 40-mile long military convoy was seen heading for the capital, Kyiv, while Sean Penn was forced to walk to the border with Poland on foot after experiencing issues with driving out by car as he tries to film a documentary in the country. "It's impossible not to be affected by the situation happening in Ukraine right now," Victoria vented to her Instagram followers in a slide on her stories. "No child should be separated from their parents, families from their homes. READ NOW: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him "It is frustrating, heartbreaking and easy to feel helpless. "For the past few days this has been a constant topic of conversation amongst my team, and we thought a small way to show support would be to amplify some of the resources and conversations we have been sharing amongst ourselves with you." She signed off with a message of positivity, adding: "Sending love and light x VB." Victoria then attached a slide entitled: "4 ways to help if you feel helpless about Ukraine." "From donations to protests, swipe for a few resources to help contribute to those in need," it read. "Hit the link in bio for direct website links and more detailed information." She then posted a black and white image from Vogue Ukraine featuring a child and her parents embracing. Other images were more harrowing, including the shelled out remains of a building that had been partially destroyed. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [LATEST] ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award [DEBATE] The Chase’s Paul Sinha blasts India for reaction to Ukraine invasion [BREAKING]  However there was a hint of optimism and hope for the future in a photo of a young girl standing by the skyline holding a giant yellow heart. Victoria also linked to a website offering information about donation points in London where followers could visit to help support humanitarian need for Ukrainian refugees. However she chose not to post about the issue on her main page, instead adding a promotional photo for her brand, VB Eyewear. "Patiently waiting for sunglasses weather..." the photo's caption read. However some fans, including @anna.kulikovets, stormed the post with pleas urging: "Please support Ukraine [and] block Russian terrorism!" @julia_revuta23 added: "Pay attention for all the world! "Putin is a terrorist and enemy of humanity. All world should see his crimes! Come to meetings and get support from your Government for Ukraine! "War against Ukraine is a war against humanity! As much as possible spread people for all over the world."