Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola launched into a furious public rant over Kyle Walker's red card against RB Leipzig in the Champions League group stages. The Sky Blues boss added that he disagreed with the club's decision to unsuccessfully appeal the subsequent three-match ban, which will see Walker miss the first leg of the quarter final if City see out the job on Wednesday. Spirits are presumed to be high at the Etihad after Guardiola's men dismantled local rivals Manchester United in a 4-1 win on Sunday. But the Catalan coach's face dropped when asked about Walker's situation during his press conference duties on Tuesday. The speedy right-back was shown red for kicking out at RB Leipzig's Andre Silva during a dead rubber group game, causing him to miss the start of City's knockout campaign. City's appeal was rejected, meaning his initial three-match ban is upheld. JUST IN: Harry Kane tells Tottenham team-mates he will snub Man Utd and Man City on two conditions "He deserves it," exclaimed Guardiola with anger and conviction. "Kyle Walker deserves the three-game ban. When a player does a stupid thing, he deserves three. "I'm not so kind to Kyle in this kind of action. I am still so angry with him. So angry. "He knows it. He is so important, Kyle Walker for us, did you see the game he played against Manchester United? DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT] "In Leipzig, [we had] qualified already, 75 minutes, and this kind of action. So he deserves the three games. "The club's appeal, I did not agree [with]. We had to do it, because in other cases it was quite similar and just two games. "He deserves it. Hopefully he will learn for the future." Regardless of Guardiola's fury over Walker's moment of stupidity, City remain in the driving seat of their last 16 tie against Sporting Lisbon, with the second leg due to get underway on Wednesday night.  Raheem Sterling, Riyad Mahrez, Phil Foden and a Bernardo Silva double look to have put City out of sight already, which could give a selection of youngsters an ideal opportunity to shine on the European stage. Joao Cancelo, Ruben Dias, Nathan Ake, Cole Palmer and Zack Steffen are all expected to miss the clash through illness or injury. City will be desperate to make amends after falling to defeat against Chelsea in last season's Champions League final, with the Sky Blues still searching for their maiden triumph in the competition.