Russian news outlet TASS is citing Georgia's ruling party as a source for the news. It comes as Russian troops continue to devastate Ukraine in a bid to assume control of the independent nation.  The UK has long provided diplomatic help to Georgia to become a member of the EU, even after the Brexit referendum. Volodomyr Zelensky, the Ukrainian President, signed an application for his country to join the bloc on Monday, requesting that Ukraine be allowed immediate entry as it fends off the Russian attack. Mr Zelensky commented: "Our goal is to be with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be equal. "I am confident that it is fair. I am confident we have deserved it. I am confident that all this is possible."   The news comes as the Russian military steps up its offensive on Ukraine, including heavy missile bombardment of the capital Kyiv. Ukrainian armed forces and civilians have held off the invading troops as the incursion enters its seventh day, but have reported tragic casualties as a result of Russian attacks. As part of its most recent raft of measures in response to the conflict, the EU announced on Sunday that for the first time in its history it would provide €450million (£375million) for weaponry to be supplied to Ukraine. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen also said that Russian aircraft would be banned from flying in EU airspace, further isolating Putin as sanctions bite the Russian economy.   Georgia - which fought a similar war with Russia in 2008 - was one of many voices on the international stage to condemn Putin's military intervention in Ukraine. Today (Wednesday), Georgian President Salome Zurabishvili rejected Russian propaganda that the West was enflaming tensions. She said: "Nobody is adding to the escalation except Putin. "He just used the pretext of so-called danger to justify for himself and for the Russian population his acts of aggression."   In an interview with France24, Ms Zurabishvili added that the Russian invasion of Georgia "never changed the determination of the Georgian people to join [the EU] and NATO". She said that she backed Ukraine's bid to join the bloc as well. In an interview with Express.co.uk in November, Alexandra Hall Hall, the UK's former ambassador to Georgia, said that the UK had supported Georgia diplomatically in its efforts to join the EU, a stance which had not changed after the UK voted to leave. Ms Hall Hall, who was in post in Tblisi when the referendum took place in 2016, said she told staff the morning after the vote: "The UK was a great country for centuries before the EU even existed and we managed to cope perfectly well outside the EU – and we will cope outside the EU, again. She added: "Also, it doesn't need to change our posture of support for Georgia. We're supporting these reforms for Georgia; it's their choice whether they want to join the EU or not. "But the reforms that we're making are good for their society, irrespective of the EU: reports on improving governance on strengthening legal institutions on strengthening democratic institutions on developing their economy. "These are all good things in and of themselves. And we're going to continue to do that."  According to previous reports, Georgia had been preparing to submit its membership application in 2024. Georgia signed an association agreement with the EU - designed to link the two economies with shared values - which came into effect in 2016. According to the European Commission, around 23 percent of Georgia's trade takes place with the EU. 