Barcelona are ready to make a short contract offer to Ousmane Dembele by tabling a two-year contract offer to the forward, according to reports. The France international’s current deal is winding down and due to expire at the end of the campaign. However, there remains a chance he could stay amid a good relationship with Xavi behind the scenes. Barcelona signed Dembele back in the summer transfer window of 2017 following Neymar’s record-breaking £200million move to Paris Saint-Germain. Yet though he’s often struggled for consistency throughout his time in La Liga, the Catalan giants are hoping to retain him. Manchester United have often been linked with a move and, amid uncertainty over the futures of forwards Cristiano Ronaldo, Anthony Martial, Edinson Cavani and Mason Greenwood, could make a move. So too have Chelsea, with Thomas Tuchel previously coaching Dembele during their spell at Borussia Dortmund. His current deal expires in the summer and the 24-year-old seems to be enjoying his football again, going from strength to strength under Xavi following the Spaniard’s appointment in November. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Dembele was expected to leave in January after the club had vowed to sell him in order to avoid losing him on a free transfer. And Sport now claim Barcelona are set to offer him a two-year contract in a U-turn from their hierarchy. The forward is ‘very grateful’ towards Xavi for allowing him to play and is open about trying to reach an agreement. Barcelona are apparently ‘on the ball with the matter’ too and will seek talks with the 2018 World Cup winner’s agent before officially speaking. They also want Dembele’s entourage to withdraw their requests for multimillion signing bonuses, too, because that's deemed too much at the current moment in time. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message It’s stated that, in January, there were tense days in Catalonia with the club previously thinking the forward’s agent had been ‘teasing them’ by springing the same financial demands as last summer. Ultimately he stayed, however, and Dembele has now told Xavi his wish was to continue. Barcelona also think he doesn’t have many high offers on the table, while the former Borussia Dortmund and Rennes winger is convincing they can achieve success. Dembele scored and clocked two assists after Barcelona beat Athletic Bilbao on Sunday. And club president Joan Laporta said: “Dembele knows our proposal and we have always wanted him to stay. “We hope that at the end of the season he will reconsider.” Xavi was also delighted with the 24-year-old’s showing, claiming the winger had ‘made the difference’. “This is not my business,” the eight-time La Liga winner said when quizzed on a possible renewal for Dembele. “In football nothing can be ruled out. “It is a matter for Dembele and the club, what I am is happy with him because he is a professional. “He has made the difference. I see many conditions. "Today we have seen the Dembele that we want and that we all want.” Barcelona are next in action against Elche on Sunday. And Dembele will be hoping to start as they look to boost their chances of qualifying for next season’s Champions League.