Paramount Network’s hit western series Yellowstone came to a stomach-churning end after Jamie Dutton (played by Wes Bentley) was made to choose between his biological father and the Dutton family, who adopted and raised him. As fans await the highly anticipated fifth season Kelsey Asbille hinted at a sad ending for Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes).  Luke and Kelsey play the married couple Kayce and Monica Dutton on his crime series, Yellowstone. The two hit the red carpet of the 2022 ACM Awards where they were stopped and asked about the upcoming fifth season. Though they were eager to get the ball rolling, Asbille revealed the cast were yet to receive the script: “But we're really ready. It’s about time.” Grimes added: “Yeah, we haven’t shot, I think, in like 18 months now, so I really miss everyone.” READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is He added: “It's good to see her tonight, but we miss our crew and our little TV family, you know?" One of the major revelations from season four was Monica’s pregnancy, which confirmed the couple would soon be welcoming their second child together. Asbille shared her excitement: “I’m ready to have a sweet little baby on set.” However, as she laughed, Grimes chimed in with a plot twist and stated: “Yeah, but who knows? We might die tomorrow.” He added: “It's kind of the Yellowstone trademark.” The actor could be hinting at his character's own fate, as Kayce underwent an intense native American ritual. In pure isolation, without food or water, Jamie immersed himself into the culture and the challenge. However, to him, it was more spiritual as he wanted to find out the deeper meaning to the thing which was troubling him. DON'T MISS....'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith [INSIGHT] Kevin Costner family tree: Meet the Yellowstone star's famous children [INSIGHT]Kevin Costner details key plot point Yellowstone fans corner him on [INSIGHT] During his time there, Kayce was exposed to some intense hallucinations which revealed his marriage with Monica may not last. With this clue, Asbille dropped a major hint about Kayce’s future on the series. She shared: “I hope that they’ll be happy in the end, but it’s not likely, to be honest.” Grimes added: “We never know what’s next, you know? “We're sorta on the ride with everybody else, we kinda get the scripts as they come and we're always super excited to see what’s happening next.” 