Canada’s Governor-General met in-person with The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall on Tuesday at Clarence House, just one week after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau also held an audience with the Queen. The Queen hosted Ms Simon and her husband, Whit Fraser, for afternoon tea at Windsor Castle.  A photograph released by a Twitter account for the Royal Family shows Ms Simon bowing and shaking hands with the world's longest-reigning monarch. A statement released by Rideau Hall said Simon met with the Queen to share “Canadians’ best wishes in this year of Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee.” Ms Simon said in the statement: “It was a great honour to meet with Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II earlier today. “Our Queen is such an inspiration in these difficult times, and it was a privilege to share with her the Inuit concept of ajuinnata, which means to never give up, that is guiding my work as governor general.”   This was Ms Simon’s second official meeting with the Queen, and their first meeting in-person. According to the statement from Rideau Hall, Ms Simon and Mr Fraser will take part in a ceremonial tree planting to mark the Queen’s Jubilee before leaving London on March 17 for a working visit to the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Kuwait. The Governor-General and Mr Fraser then met with the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall at Clarence House on Tuesday. A Twitter account for Clarence House released a photo of Prince Charles and Camilla posing with the Canadian pair. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘disrespecting’ Queen and Philip by missing memorial–POLL  The fans on social media quickly applauded the Royal Family members. An Instagram user operating under the handle @jackg1410, commented on the Royal Family's post their support for the Firm. He said: "Canada loves our Queen!" Some of them also praised the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall for their continuous engagements. DON'T MISS:Ukraine horror as Russian troops take HUNDREDS hostage in MariupolHarry and Meghan’s US retreat helped ‘make them stronger’Legendary photographer shares awkward moment with Princess Diana Another Instagram user, buch_liebe_62, wrote: “I am always impressed with their amount of work…one engagement after another! My deepest respect” Another user, 7744_sanjeev, wrote: “Unrelenting duty inspires me.” The Queen has returned to holding in-person meetings after it was announced on February 20 she tested positive for Covid-19. Mr Trudeau met with the Queen last week while he was in the UK to hold talks on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. 