The couple were pictured attending a Commissioning Parade of the Jamaican Defence Force, held for service personnel who have recently completed the Caribbean Military Academy's Officer Training Programme. The event took place on the final day of Kate and William's three-day visit to Jamaica, as part of a royal tour of the Caribbean. Prince William attended the event wearing the tropical dress of the Blues and Royals regiment. Giving a speech after the march concluded, Prince William said: "I know very well from my own time at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst what a formative experience this year will have been. "Today you mark the successful completion of your training programme in the classrooms, on the parade squares and in the exercise areas. "But remember, this is just the beginning. "Because now the hard work really starts, as you join your units and assume command.   "You are graduating today as officers into an uncertain world. In your service ahead you will have to contend with climatic, geological, criminal and wider state and non-state threats to our collective safety, security and prosperity." He added: "As Catherine and I visit Jamaica in celebration of The Queen's Platinum Jubilee, I thought I might quote my grandmother on the subject. "In an address to the United Nations General Assembly in 2010, she said: 'I know of no single formula for success, but over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal, and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration, to work together.' "I think that's a very good model to follow."   The Duchess of Cambridge presented the first of the awards at the parade, the International Achievement Award and the Jamaica Military Commendation Medal for Excellence. The future king then presented two further awards – the International Sword and the Sword of Honour. The couple left the event in a ceremonial Land Rover, the same vehicle used by the Queen and Prince Philip in 1953. The Queen and Prince Philip visited Jamaica in 1953, six months after her coronation. The night before the parade, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended a dinner hosted by the Governor-General of Jamaica, Patrick Allen. Prince William used his speech at the dinner to express his "profound sorrow" at the "abhorrent" history of slavery. Kate and William's week-long tour of the Caribbean previously saw the couple visit Belize. Next, they will visit the Bahamas. The trip, which is the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first major overseas tour in more than two years as a result of the pandemic, had been planned to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.