Ukrainian civilians were filmed navigating the grid of anti-tank mines north of Kyiv as Russian troops continue their supposed withdrawal from the country’s capital. Laid out in grid formation four mines deep, the four-by-four vehicles can be seen positioning their wheels on either side of the mines in a terrifying crossing where one wrong move could spell death. The first car, with a trailer attached behind, successfully manages to diagonally cross the dangerous blockade unharmed, swiftly followed by a second car. The civilians navigate the complicated grid as tentatively as possible, desperate to avoid hitting one of the mines and suffering the likely-fatal subsequent blast. A man stands at the end of the grid carefully guiding the cars through the minefield to avoid disaster. A line of vehicles waits behind as thousands continue to flee the warzone in Ukraine and its capital. Anti-tank weaponry has been commonly used by both Russian and Ukrainian forces throughout the war since it began on February 24. Russia was accused this week of using anti-personnel mines designed to detect approaching footsteps. The use of these landmines has been described as indiscriminate and inhumane by the Human Rights Watch group. Known as “Medallion” mines, they launch bombs into the air when detecting motion and have a 16-metre radius upon explosion. The use of these mines was banned under the 1997 international Mine Ban Treaty, but Russia has refused to subscribe to the agreement. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Boris considering daring Mariupol rescue mission [LIVE]  Speaking out against their deployment, Steve Goose, director of the Human Rights Group’s arms division, accused Russia of ‘deliberately flouting’ the international arms standards. He said: “Countries around the world should forcefully condemn Russia’s use of banned antipersonnel landmines in Ukraine. “These weapons do not differentiate between combatants and civilians and leave a deadly legacy for years to come. “Russia’s use of antipersonnel mines in Ukraine deliberately flouts the international norm against use of these horrid weapons.” DON'T MISS: Ukrainians 'stunned' by incompetent Russian military, says journalist [INSIGHT] Putin humiliation as Russian troops are ‘switching sides’ to join [REVEAL] Kadyrov brags about Ukraine conflict but online post put him in Russia [REPORT] Reports last year found that eastern Ukraine was one of the most mine-contaminated areas in the world following the Crimean War in 2014 and now the Russian invasion. Currently, Ukraine ranks fourth in the world for mine casualties, sixth with the inclusion of states not involved in the Mine Ban Treaty. Along the 450km contact line in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, around two million people are believed to be exposed to the threat of mines every day. The most recent Landmine and Cluster Munition Monitor indicated that roughly eight per cent of the government controlled land contain anti-personnel mines.