There may be no vacancy in No10 at the moment, but the Richmond MP certainly set out his stall for a future leadership bid. Intentional or not, he stepped on the toes of plenty of his Cabinet colleagues as he boasted of the Government's achievements. Opening at the dispatch box he spoke on foreign affairs, immigration policy, and British culture in what was a rather broad brush approach to his Treasury brief. Mr Sunak was more than three minutes and 500 words into his speech before finally setting out the state of the economy domestically. "As I stand here, men, women and children are huddled in basements across Ukraine seeking protection," he began as he praised those standing up to Russia's aggression. "Soldiers and citizens alike have taken up arms to defend their land and families. READ MORE ON OUR SPRING STATEMENT LIVE BLOG "The sorrow we feel for their suffering, and admiration for their bravery is only matched by the gratitude we feel for the security in which we live." After spreading himself over Foreign Secretary Liz Truss's brief, he was onto discussing Home Secretary Priti Patel's policies. Speaking about refugees he outlined how the Government was "launching the new ‘Homes for Ukraine’ scheme to make sure those forced to flee have a route to safety here in the UK". And then he encroached on Nadine Dorries' turf, speaking about British culture and the importance of freedom of speech. He said: "What the authoritarian mind perceives as division – we know are the passionate disagreements at the heart of our living, breathing democracy. "What they see as chaos – we know is the freedom to be dynamic and innovative." DON'T MISS:National Insurance threshold raised by £3,000- what this means for you [INSIGHT]'He's done NOTHING' Sunak slammed for alienates average Brit [WATCH]Spring Statement timeline: The key dates you need to know for changes [EXPLAINED] Speaking about the importance of the free market and British values before getting onto the economic situation, Mr Sunak appeared to give an insight into what Prime Minister Rishi could look like. It's no secret the Chancellor fancies moving in next door when Boris Johnson leaves No10 and he took today as an opportunity to pitch his views. He remains the public's favourite to be the next Conservative leader, and is tied in polls with Sir Keir Starmer on who would make the best next Prime Minister. But maybe Mr Sunak's grand vision was an attempt to distance himself from the worsening economic situation with which he is charged with fixing. The tax burden is at its highest level in 70 years, inflation shows no signs of slowing, and pensioners face a severe cut in living standards. Mr Sunak said in advance of his Spring Statement that he "can't solve every problem" and there was a need for a responsible approach to public finances, not taking on more debt to burden future generations with. It can hardly be surprising he doesn't want to be seen as the one responsible for the current cost of living crisis. But that is unlikely to be of comfort to Britons up and down the country. The question is: does Mr Sunak hope that by outlining his view of the UK he can pin the blame for problems on Mr Johnson? He gave a hint that was exactly his plan at his last big intervention last autumn when he delivered the controversial tax-raising Budget. In a clip put out on social media afterwards, he said it was Mr Johnson's vision. He said the Government was "delivering your vision of the economy".