The Prime Minister urged countries around the world to keep up the pressure on Vladimir Putin even if there is a ceasefire agreed. While no country was specifically named, the UK and been closely working in collaboration with the US and EU on imposing tough measures against Moscow. A change in stance from either partner would greatly hinder the UK's efforts in cracking down on the Kremlin. Mr Johnson told MPs at PMQs this afternoon there was a need to "make sure that there is no backsliding on sanctions by any of our friends and partners around the world". "In fact we need now to ratchet up the economic pressure on Vladimir Putin, and it is certainly inconceivable that any sanctions could be taken off simply because there is a ceasefire. That would be absolutely unthinkable in my view," he continued. The Prime Minister's official spokesman added: "We have seen the Russian regime use ceasefires to regroup before engaging again in violence. READ MORE ON OUR UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "We should be under no illusions on that." Pushing for a further increase in sanctions against Putin, the No10 official also appeared to take a veiled swipe at Brussels' failure to completely ban Russia from the SWIFT banking system. While some measures have been adopted to cut some Russian banks out of the payments system, access to SWIFT has not been removed completely. It is thought 70 percent of the Russian banking market was affected by the decision taken last month. The UK has been one of the strongest advocates for firmer action on booting Russia out of the system. While some EU states such as Poland and Hungary support Britain's firm approach, other European countries are understood to be more hesitant. DON'T MISS:Gas prices spike as Russia demands ruble payments [UPDATE]Russia details chilling plan for ‘new world order’ with China [WARNING]UK praised by Ukrainian pilot for playing crucial role in war [REACTION] They fear it will have a detrimental impact on their own economies. Admitting the UK needed unity with the US and EU before more could be done on the banking system, Mr Johnosn's spokesman said: "There is still more we can do on SWIFT. "Obviously, that's not an area we can move unilaterally on. "That's something the Foreign Secretary will keep raising with her counterparts to move further and faster on."  Mr Johnons' warning on not easing pressure came after Tory MP Johhny Mercer urged the Government to double down on its sanctions. He said: "Whilst others may now begin to tire, now is actually the time to double down on the aid that we give to Ukraine. "Actually we might end up breaking a pretty poor Russian army and bring peace to that part of the world whilst consigning the likes of Vladimir Putin to the dustbin of history where he belongs." Mr Johnson said "I think that is absolutely right," adding: "Yes it is right that we should double down on military defensive support in the way that we are."