In recent years Secret Cinema have recreated the worlds of iconic movies from Back to the Future and James Bond’s Casino Royale to Blade Runner and The Empire Strikes Back. Now the company have announced a collaboration with Marvel Studios in Guardians of the Galaxy: The Immersive Experience. The upcoming event promises the chance to step into a 360-degree MCU reality, where fans can explore epic locations from the films like Contraxia and Knowhere, plus meet favourite characters along the path of their own adventure. Secret Cinema teased a message from Yondu: “JOIN THE GALAXY’S MOST WANTED. We Ravagers are looking for new recruits. We’ve got the score of a lifetime coming up and we’re looking for smugglers, outlaws, thieves – ya’ know the type. Interstellar raids, wreaking havoc and good times. Only downside, might have to link up with Quill and those pals of his. It’s gonna be a wild ride. You in?” Guardians of the Galaxy: The Live Immersive Experience will take place in a secret London indoor location from August 2022 and there’s a couple of ticket options. Firstly, the immersive ticket is a two-hour experience with standard experiences beginning from £47 and premium from £98. The latter includes exclusive experiences, a private cloakroom and queue jump, plus a food token and two drinks tokens. Secondly, there’s the Complete Secret Cinema Experience which is the immersive experience plus an enhanced screening of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2. Standard tickets for this are from £59 and premium from £115. The latter includes the same extras as mentioned, plus premium seating and at-seat food and drink service during the movie. DON'T MISSSpider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [SPIDER-MAN]Doctor Strange 2 'leak': Huge Avengers cameos in Multiverse of Madness [DOCTOR STRANGE 2]Thor Love and Thunder NEW LOOK plus Peter Dinklage teases Eitri return [THOR 4] Family tickets are also available from £195 for the Complete Secret Cinema Experience. The weekend family bundle sees 4 tickets for the price of 3 for those aged 12+ and for selected matinee showings only. The rest of the time, the event is 18+ only. All guests under 18 during the select matinees must be over 12 and must be accompanied by an adult during the event. Tickets for Guardians of the Galaxy: The Live Immersive Experience go on sale from Monday March 14 at 10am GMT, while pre-sale are available from Friday March 11 at 12pm here.