Scottish radio DJ Edith Bowman, 48, has candidly addressed historic rumours that she and her close friend Cat Deeley were in a lesbian relationship, branding them "bizarre". The presenters have been friends for decades after having worked at MTV together and hosting shows together in the 1990s. Edith previously admitted that she is "in love" with Cat, but only platonically. But now, the BBC Radio 1 star has opened up on their enduring friendship. Edith said: "Cat Deeley and I, who are still really good mates, we started MTV at the same time and we'd spent so much time just hanging out and going out. Radio legend Edith presented Hitlist UK alongside Cat back in the 1990s, and they also starred in a BBC travel show named Roadtripping together. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Jenny Newby tearful over organ donation chat "We came up with the idea [while] watching Thelma and Louise one night with a bottle of wine going, 'Wouldn't it be great to do a show like this?'" "We were really good mates, and we are really good mates still," she explained. The star told how rumours started up about a relationship between her and Cat after "intrusive" photos were published of the pair leaving the Met bar while holding on to each other, which she said were "misconstrued". She said: "Photographs of us kind of holding each other up, coming out of the Met bar or whatever was because we were p****d, it wasn't because we were like, licking each other's faces off! "And it was like, 'Oh, Cat and Edith are in a lesbian relationship.' "We are in love, but as friends kind of thing, it's so bizarre," she added on Angela Scanlon’s Thanks a Million podcast. Edith began dating Editors frontman Tom Smith in 2005, and they tied the knot in 2013. They share two sons - Rudy, 13, and Spike, nine. DON'T MISS...Gordon Ramsay critical comments spark backlash from Cornish officials [INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced [ANALYSIS]'Fed up now' Zoe Ball issues health update after she's left bed-ridden [UPDATE Cat is married to comedian Patrick Kielty, and they also have two sons - Milo, six, and James, three. Edith speaks highly of her pal Cat, telling HELLO! last year: “What to say about Cat Deeley. “Well if she was going to be a Mr Men/Little Miss character she'd be Little Miss Bubbles, for various reasons; she loves a glass of bubbly but more importantly because of the vibrancy and joy she spreads to anyone within a mile radius of her." She added: "[She has] an infectious personality who is one of my best mates. Also, she is the most amazing mother to Mylo and James." More recently, the duo host a BBC podcast called Friends Will be Friends. In a statement, the pair said: "We are so excited about our new project, Friends Will Be Friends. “It's something we came up with that allows us to celebrate our own friendship while exploring the beautiful and unique relationships a friendship can be to us all. “Ours has survived time, distance and working together for 20 years. Long may it continue."