Princess Anne was welcomed by Marjorie Glasgow, the Lord-Lieutenant of Oxfordshire where the Princess Royal toured the school and visited the early-years pupils. The Princess Royal joined Watchfield Primary School’s eco-council to dedicate a tree to the Queens Green Canopy to celebrate The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.  Her Royal Highness had the help of three other pupils from the school’s Eco Council when planning the cherry tree to honour the Queen. One royal supporter commented on the photo of the Princess Royal saying: “A beautiful way to commemorate and celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee.” The Queen’s Green Canopy is a tree planting initiative to create a long-lasting tribute to the Queen in her 70th year on the throne. The programme calls for people across Britain to “plant a tree for the jubilee” between October to March which is the planting season.   Groups including the Scouting and Girlguiding communities, towns, cities, and schools to enhance the environment. After the planting season ends next month, it will begin once again in October until the jubilee year concludes. The aim of the Queens Green Canopy is to “encourage planting of trees to create a legacy in honour of The Queen’s leadership of the Nation, which will benefit future generations.” READ MORE:Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent Other events to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee include the Platinum Pudding competition, Platinum Party at the Palace, The Big Jubilee Lunch, and the Platinum Jubilee Pageant. Fans were delighted to see the Princess Royal on her royal duties. On Twitter one user, Amanda Meehan, wrote: “So fabulous to see the HRH engaged no matter what the event is. “As a 7 yr old living in Old Windsor I used to fund raise (jumble sales) for Save the Children purely because she was the patron.” DON'T MISS:Dan Walker breaks silence on BBC Breakfast absence (REACTION)Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st (INSIGHT)Horner complains Lewis Hamilton's new Mercedes car is illegal (ANALYSIS)  Princess Anne has been repeatedly named the hardest working royal and has gained much support from royal fans for her grace and dedication to the duties involved as a member of the Royal. Another fan commented on Princess Anne’s appearance as she wore her hair in its signature up-do with a green checked coat paired with a small gold brooch, black leather gloves and a black over the knee skirt. The comment read: “Beautiful Princess Anne, you have such grace and dignity. You are a credit to your family.” 