From laid-back chic to regal elegance, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is often praised for her ability to dress for any occasion. Kate's outfit choices are usually big hits with royal fashion watchers, and the subsequent sell-out of her outfits has been dubbed the 'Kate effect'. Express.co.uk explores three of Kate's fashion choices that may have been inspired by the Queen herself. The Queen has inherited a wealth of jewellery, and she often dons pieces that are centuries-old for important state events. As a modern royal, Kate is known to wear jewellery from high street brands, but she follows royal tradition in her approach to jewellery for important occasions. Kate often wears the Lover's Knot Tiara from the Queen's personal collection, as well as the monarch's Nizam of Hyderabad Necklace, which is thought to be worth an estimated £66million. READ MORE: Princess Olga Romanov's blunt take on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  Like the Queen, Kate also knows the value of wearing jewellery with historical significance or as a symbolic tribute to important people. Kate frequently wears jewellery items that belonged to her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana. Kate is rarely pictured without the sapphire engagement ring gifted to her by Prince William, which was also famously Diana's engagement ring from Prince Charles. She also wore the late Princess' pearl earrings in her 40th birthday portraits earlier this year.  The Queen stopped travelling abroad for royal tours a few years ago, and now international visits tend to be delegated to senior royals like Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge. But Kate has followed the precedent the Queen set as a travelling royal by paying tribute to her host country with her outfit choice. During previous royal tours, Kate has often worn the same colours as her host country's flag, or she has worn the country's national dress. Only last month, Kate donned a red blazer and white shirt upon her visit to Denmark, with the colours representing the Danish flag. DON'T MISS:Inside Kate Middleton and Prince William’s first home in Wales [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton is an 'ethereal beauty' in Wales - donning 'daffodils' [ANALYSIS]Inside Frogmore House: Queen meets Kate Middleton & Princess Beatrice [PICTURES]  Like the Queen, Kate often dresses in bright colours when out and about on royal engagements. Elizabeth Holmes, the author of 'HRH: So Many Thoughts on Royal Style', told Insider she thought Kate follows the Queen's precedent in this regard. Ms Holmes said: "I think they [The Queen and Duchess of Cambridge] understand the power of clothes, the role it has in their public duties, and have remained consistent with their style. "There's a calming sense in that consistency because you know what to expect from them. "It feels as though Kate has studied the Queen's wardrobe and what she does with those brightly coloured coats and hats. I think that Kate is embracing the attention around her fashion." 