 Brexit came into effect in January last year, after the UK came out of an 11-month transition period. However, the UK has not yet seen the economic benefits of Brexit, in part due to the financial implications posed by coronavirus. The UK is facing a cost of living crisis, with a rise in inflation and a National Insurance hike from April. Dr Bull, who is deputy leader of Reform UK, previously known as the Brexit party, said that the Government had not taken advantage of the “extraordinary” Brexit vote. He told Express.co.uk: “I don’t think we have taken advantage of the extraordinary vote that we had. “I maintain to this day that it was still the right decision ‒ the largest ever democratic vote, I think, in the United Kingdom and it was extraordinary. “The whole point about it was that we became a free, independent, self-governing country where we no longer are held ransom by this ridiculous monolith that is the European Union. Read More: Cheltenham punters fume at 'insane' price of double gin and tonic  “And that we can decide the rules and the laws that are actually good for Britain. “I don’t think we have done that.” Dr Bull credited the success of the UK’s vaccine rollout, which helped the country come out of coronavirus restrictions faster than most EU member nations, to Brexit. However, he “generously” graded the country’s first year out of the bloc a “four out of ten” and insisted that Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his Government “could do better”.  The Reform UK deputy leader added: “Has anyone really noticed any difference? No is the honest answer. “What worries me the most is you’ve got this brigade of Remainers that actually should be called ‘Rejoiners’, like [Andrew] Adonis, [Peter] Mandelson and so on, and actually they are pointing out the fact that there’s no discernable difference at the moment. “And actually I think they’re right, and all we’ve done by not grasping that nettle is to say, ‘Actually, if there is no discernible difference, we would be better off back in the EU!’” Dr Bull added that the UK had merely “doubled down” on the EU’s policy of high tax and high regulation. Don't Miss:UK can’t even pay its OWN pensioners…so why are we paying EU’s!? POLL[INSIGHT]Brexit POLL: Has Ukraine crisis proven Brexit success?[OPINION]John Bercow: Five times former Commons Speaker frustrated Brexit[ANALYSIS]  He said: “I think the Government has just doubled down on where the European Union is. “We’re now a high tax, high regulation, low growth economy and you can see that with the fact we’ve got rising inflation, National Insurance [rise] coming in, our tax bills coming up. “This isn’t what people voted for!” When asked what Reform UK would have done differently, Dr Bull said: “What we should have done is to say, ‘Right, this is where the future begins, we’re now going to slash tax, we’re going to get a flat tax across the board for example.  “We’re going to slash VAT, we’re doing these trade deals, we’re going to bring in the brightest talent.” This morning, the Government’s Public Accounts Committee released a scathing report claiming it was uncertain whether the Brexit free trade agreements negotiated by Boris Johnson’s government will provide any “actual economic benefits.” The influential cross-party committee added that the Department of International Trade (DIT) had been too secretive and not kept Parliament informed of its work. It also warned that there was a risk that consumer standards may slip because of the deals with possible “trade offs across different policy areas, such as agriculture, the environment and human rights”. In response, a DIT spokesperson said: “Getting a good deal for consumers and businesses is at the heart of our trade strategy.  “We have already secured over £770billion of trade deals with 70 countries plus the EU, while continuing to attract inward investment and boost our world-call exports.” Dr Bull stressed that the UK should look to secure a trade deal with India over “declining” European nations while securing an agreement with the US is the “benchmark” of Brexit success. Dr Bull said: “Where is the deal with the United States? “That for me is the real benchmark, because if we can come up with an agreement with the United States it would be absolutely game changing.”