 The Toffees, who are at risk of being relegated from the top-flight, had struggled to break down a sturdy Newcastle defence. That was to the frustration of those inside the stadium. But there was some light relief 10 minutes into the second half when referee Craig Pawson halted play ahead of a Newcastle throw-in inside Everton's half. There was some confusion over the delay until broadcast cameras showed a fan being cut from the net with a bolt cutter. The fan had made their way beyond stewards and attached themselves to the goal Everton were defending. Stewards required around five minutes to unpin the individual from the net and had to resort to using a bolt cutter. JUST IN: Man Utd and Arsenal target Tielemans 'amazed' by transfer speculation Further inspection showed the man was wearing a 'Just Stop Oil' t-shirt. It is the second time the protest group had attempted to stop a Premier League game in successive days. Another individual had made their way onto the pitch during Liverpool's 2-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday evening. But they were unsuccessful and were led away before they could attach themselves to the goal. The protestor at Everton had much more success. They were able to delay the match for at least five minutes and were offered a full viewing on Amazon Prime's broadcast. DON'T MISS...Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squadMan Utd 'may not win title for 20 years' as next manager told to axe 5Liverpool's Salah issue is 'really serious' after 'negative meeting' Stewards struggled to remove the man from the Goodison Park pitch. He attempted to lay on the floor but was eventually dragged away. Some Everton fans behind the goal laughed at the event but others grew frustrated the longer the delay continued. The Goodison faithful had seen another lacklustre performance from their side in the first half. Newcastle had come the closest to scoring. Chris Wood's header was well kept out by Asmir Begovic.    Just Stop Oil have admitted responsibility for the stunt. They tweeted: "Just Stop Oil supporter locks on to goalpost during Everton vs Newcastle United game." The group went on to write: "This evening, Louis, a 21 year-old supporter of Just Stop Oil, locked on to the goalpost at Goodison Park wearing a Just Stop Oil t-shirt, causing the referee to briefly stop play." 