 BBC soap fans could soon see Keegan Butcher-Baker (played by Zack Morris) make a swift exit from Albert Square in EastEnders. Keegan’s had a difficult time over the past few years after losing his sister Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plumber), who died in 2020. More recently he’s also experienced challenges in his love life as his marriage to Tiffany Butcher-Baker (Maisie Smith) broke down. He’s soon set to receive more bad news as he discovers the truth behind his sister's death. Will Keegan struggle to keep his emotions under control and end up taking matters into his own hands?    Regular EastEnders viewers will remember Chantelle was killed by her abusive husband Gray Atkins (Toby-Alexander Smith). Gray went on to kill several other Walford residents without arousing suspicion. However, his crimes will soon come to light and the shock news is set to devastate those living in Albert Square. As Keegan finds out his sister was actually murdered, he could seek revenge. READ MORE: 90s TV presenters: Where are Pat Sharp and Jayne Middlemiss now?  New images released by EastEnders show Tiffany will soon return to Walford in Keegan’s hour of need. In the upcoming scenes, Keegan spirals out of control as he blames himself for what Gray did to Chantelle. Unbeknownst to him, help is not far off when Tiffany is called back to Walford to try and support him. However, with how things were left between them as their marriage fell apart, will Keegan listen to her advice?   There’s a chance that Keegan will be blinded by rage as he’s desperate to get justice for his murdered sister. Could Keegan take matters into his own hands and turn violent on Gray? If he finds the serial killer trying to escape Albert Square, Keegan could murder Gray in an act of revenge. Will Keegan end up fleeing Walford with Tiffany if he kills Gray? DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest ‘emotional’ over value of sketch of her mother [WATCH]‘Younger generation wouldn’t fight for country’ blasts GB News host [MUST SEE]The Last of the Summer Wine: What happened to the cast? [INSIGHT]  EastEnders recently confirmed Zack Morris, who plays Keegan in the soap, will soon be leaving the show. In a statement, Zack revealed: “After five beautiful years on this incredible show, I have made the tough decision to leave Walford and give Keegan Butcher-Baker some well-earned rest. "This show has quite frankly changed my life for the better. It will always hold a real loving place in my heart. “The cast and crew of this show deserve every accolade that comes their way.    “The hard work, love and dedication that goes into making four episodes a week is immense and it's not to be taken lightly. "This show has given me so much, not just as an actor but as a man. These invaluable lessons I have learned at EastEnders will stay with me for the rest of my life. “I will forever see this whole experience as the biggest blessing I could have ever asked for. I loved every second,” he added. Could Keegan’s exit storyline see him go on the run after killing Gray? Viewers will have to tune in to find out his fate. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 