A television licence is legally required to watch live broadcasts or programming at home. Refunds are awarded by TV Licensing if the holder does not need their licence again before it expires. Refunds are also given to those who saw their licence expire within less than two years ago or to people who have at least one complete month left on it between the cancellation date and the expiry date. Currently, the price of a TV licence is £159 for a colour licence and £53.50 for a black and white licence if someone were to pay full price. This means that applying for a refund for a television licence could see households claim an extra £159. Due to the rise in the cost of living and ongoing debate around the necessity of the licence fee, many households may choose to opt out and apply for a refund. To apply, licence holders must fill in the online refund form, including their name on the TV Licence, address and postcode. Applicants must also mention the date from when they will no longer need the licence. When asked to provide evidence by TV Licensing, it is vital that refund applicants print out the form, or save it to print later, and sign it. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Original documents cannot be returned to the sender, so only photocopies and printouts of any important materials should be sent. Refund applicants who do not have a printer can contact TV Licensing, which will post a refund form over to them. Once refund forms are completed, the forms and relevant evidence must be sent to this address: The Refund Centre, TV Licensing, Darlington DL98 1TL. All applications are aimed to be promptly processed by TV Licensing and refunds handed out within 21 days. On its website, TV Licensing states: “Working out precise refund amounts can be complicated. But we will do it for you. DON'T MISS  “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.” Earlier this year, the UK Government announced a temporary two-year freeze on the rate of the television licence as part of its ongoing consultation into BBC funding. This means that households will continue to pay £159, while the full refund for the licence will stay at the same amount. BBC executives were reportedly disappointed at this decision as they had hoped the licence fee would be raised in line with inflation, as it has done previously. In her announcement of the freeze, culture secretary Nadine Dorries explained: “The BBC is a great national institution with a unique place in our cultural heritage. “It broadcasts British values and identities all over the world and reaches hundreds of millions of people every day. “But at a time when families are facing a sharp increase in their living costs we simply could not justify asking hard-working households to pay even more for their TV licence. “This is a fair settlement for the BBC and for licence fee payers. The BBC must support people at a time when their finances are strained, make savings and efficiencies, and use the billions in public funding it receives to deliver for viewers, listeners and users.” The decision to freeze the licence fee for households was welcomed by some but criticised by others. Danielle Boxall, the media campaign manager at lobbying group the TaxPayers' Alliance, said: “Freezing the licence fee would be a welcome first step. “Taxpayers facing a cost of living crisis shouldn’t be forced to pay the hated TV tax, on pain of imprisonment. Going forward, abolishing the BBC licence fee is the only real answer. “Instead of kicking the can down the road, ministers must legislate to unshackle Auntie from the taxpayer and let the Beeb stand on its own two feet.” However, Labour’s shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell described the Government action as “cultural vandalism” and took aim at Ms Dorries’ decision. Ms Powell said: “Is the licence fee really at the heart of the cost-of-living crisis? Or is this really about their long-standing vendetta against the BBC? "She won't stop until her cultural vandalism has destroyed everything that is great about Britain." In response, the culture secretary added: "It is nobody's intention to destroy the BBC.”