The future Queen Camilla has “transformed” herself over the last 50 years since she has known Prince Charles. The impressive evolution is due to Camilla’s strength of character, discretion, dignity and fortitude, a news report stated. The Duchess of Cornwall, 74, married Prince Charles in 2005, many years after officially announcing their relationship.  In a message shared on the eve of her Accession Day, Queen Elizabeth wrote, “when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” The swift transformation from the Duchess of Cornwall to the “bulletproof future” Queen Consort shows an extraordinary strength about Camilla’s character, according to Royal expert, Anna Pasternak. Writing for The Telegraph, Ms Pasternak said: “It was Charles who decided that he could not live without Camilla, not the other way around. “It’s difficult to refuse a tenacious Prince of Wales who declares you “non-negotiable” – as Wallis Simpson discovered.  “We can now see that Charles will be a better, more fulfilled king with Camilla by his side.” However, when Camilla and Charles first tied the knot in 2005, the palace said that Camilla would be given the title of Princess Consort upon Charles's accession. However, thanks to the Queen's new statement, Camilla will be elevated to the role of Queen Consort, and will be crowned alongside her husband once he becomes King. Ms Pasternak continued: “Heroically supportive of Prince Charles, Camilla has never sought the limelight.  READ MORE:Prince Charles moved to tears during meeting with refugees “Key to her appeal is that she doesn’t take herself too seriously, yet manages to walk the tightrope of deference that Royal duties demand. “Her glorious sense of humour is a mainstay of her character. “Sometimes on official visits she’s literally clutching herself as she tries to stem hopeless giggles. Her guileless mirth is contagious. “One gets the sense that she and Charles are going to howl with laughter together in the car home after.”  DON'T MISS:Nicola Sturgeon lambasted over Ukraine no-fly zone comment ‘Atlantic storms’ and ‘Icelandic fronts’ set to batter BritainBrits can house Ukrainian refugees after Priti Patel came under fire Apart from being a support system to Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall has also reflected her humorous side, a trait similar to Queen Elizabeth II. During a speech at a reception for International Women’s Day at Clarence House, she directly addressed Emerald Fennell, the actress who plays her on the controversial Netflix series The Crown. She said: “It is reassuring to know that, if I should fall off my perch at any moment, my fictional alter ego is here to take over. “So, Emerald, be prepared!” This was the first time a senior member of the Royal family has spoken so positively of the show, and the pair were seen chatting warmly at the event. 