Households are set to be £2,620 worse off due to the cost of living squeeze facing the country, Labour will say on Thursday. New analysis from the party - as it launches its local election campaign - comes as the Prime Minister is under increasing pressure to tackle spiralling costs and experts warned of the impacts. Sir Keir Starmer will call on voters to "send the Tories a message they cannot ignore" as he pledges to cut energy bills by up to £600 - funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas companies. Speaking to ITV's Good Morning Britain, Ms Reeves said: "I do find it quite extraordinary that the Conservatives are increasing taxes on ordinary working people and yet not asking these big oil and gas companies to pay more tax when their profits are going through the roof. "The former chief executive of BP says that this tax is justifiable, the current chief executive of BP says that the company has got more money than it knows what to do with. "They're making near-record profits this year because of the inflated prices of oil and gas. "If we introduced a windfall tax on those profits we could take up to £600 off the bills of those who need the support the most. READ MORE: Brits face £2,000 council tax hit - 'Sick to the back teeth!'  "That would be my priority, that would be the priority of a Labour Government. "This Government's buy now, pay later scheme for energy bills just does not meet the scale of the challenge." It comes as senior economists told the Treasury Select Committee that measures announced by the Chancellor Rishi Sunak last week will leave the poorest, out-of-work households the worst-off group from his support packages. The Prime Minister admitted on Wednesday that child poverty is an issue the Government must "fix". But he defended Mr Sunak's decision not to uprate Universal Credit in the spring statement to help people to pay their rising energy bills. The Prime Minister told the Commons Liaison Committee that the aim was to get people into work but denied that he had lost confidence in the benefits system, saying: "I know how tough it is for people to meet the cost of energy and I think you're raising a very reasonable point. "And you have to decide where you're going to put your fiscal firepower given that we don't want to put up taxes and we don't want to borrow any more, so what are you going to prioritise and who are you going to make sure you target in order to have the maximum economic benefit for the whole country? DON'T MISS Boris Johnson defends mini-budget that gets Britain working [INSIGHT]Where can I get lateral flow tests? Why are free kits ending? [ANALYSIS]80% of Britons are feeling impact of cost of living [DATA] "What we think very strongly is you're better off helping people into work." But Labour's research, to be unveiled in Bury on Thursday suggests families are on track to be £2,620 worse off - even after the Chancellor's spring statement. This combines estimates about the rise in the tax burden, energy prices, petrol, food shopping and mortgage costs. Sir Keir will say: "Britain deserves better than the pathetic response we got to the Conservative cost of living crisis in the mini-Budget. "You know the reality - prices are going through the roof, and wages are going through the floor."