Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster covered the latest reports Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich is trying to sell several of his properties in the UK. The billionaire oligarch is said to have ties to Vladimir Putin and is looking to part with his £200m London property portfolio. The 55-year-old has already handed over the day to day running of the football club following Russia's invasion of Ukraine last week. Rumours have also been circulating he wants to sell the Stamford Bridge club, with potential offers hitting the table this week. While on the morning news show, the Irish broadcaster explored the football manager's options. Gaining insight from the guest political editor from The Economist newspaper John Peet, Eamonn asked: "The Abramovic situation is interesting, John, I reckon he'll not be alone in trying to offload assets?" Read More: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty?  The expert replied: "No, I think you are right, we may see quite a lot of prime property in Belgravia, in Hampstead and around Surrey coming on the market. "The risk is that if sanctions continue to be tightened, some of these people may lose these assets altogether." Knowing a lot of wealthy Russian companies and individuals invest in the UK's economy, the GB News host asked: "Have the UK government got the guts to actually follow through?" John pointed out: "Well, you have to follow the law here; it's quite tricky just to confiscate a property that has been legitimately acquired.  "But, as we've seen very slowly over the past few years as things have tightened on Russians, we also have laws that say you actually have to show how you got your money before you buy these assets, and if you can't show them, then you can forfeit the asset. "So I think it's going to be a tough time." Earlier in the show, Isabel shared: "Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss has confirmed reports on the Press Association website this morning, that he has been approached to buy Chelsea Football Club." The 86-year-old expressed interest in purchasing the Stamford Bridge club, but only in a consortium. DON’T MISS…Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Law and Order's Mariska Hargitay opens up on episode she refuses to watch[LATEST]Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over staggering valuation of FA Cup medals [LATEST]  Roman purchased the West London club back in 2003 but apparently is asking for too much money. Talking to Swiss newspaper Blick, Hansjorg said: "Abramovich is trying to sell all his villas in England, he also wants to get rid of Chelsea quickly. "I have to wait four to five days now. Abramovich is currently asking far too much. You know, Chelsea owe him £2bn. "But Chelsea has no money. As of today, we don't know the exact selling price."  The fast and powerful financial sanctions were put in place by the United States and Europe to shock the Russian economy and cause a ripple effect through the country. The sanctions were designed to hit Russia's biggest banks as well as a ban on high-tech exports. A second piece of legislation will be brought forward, which will ban exports of high-tech goods, like microelectronics and marine and navigation equipment. The Great British Breakfast airs on GB News weekdays from 6am 1573913