The UK lost an estimated £2.5billion in fraud and cybercrime during 2021, with these numbers increasing at an alarming rate. HSBC has highlighted six scams that have taken hold in the UK during the first three months of 2022, with the most recent seeing scammers taking advantage of the tragedies in Ukraine. HSBC warned: “For customers wishing to offer their support to those impacted by the situation in Ukraine we would encourage you to donate via registered charities; not all websites and fundraising pages will be genuine.” Scammers have been found to be posing as Ukrainians needing funds to flee the conflict and organisations helping refugees. Social media has been prevalent with these scams as TikTok has found a poignant uprising of individuals live streaming what appears to be their home in Ukraine with air raid sirens going off whilst they are often in other countries. HSBC advised generous Britons to be vigilant when donating their hard earned money.  HSBC noted that in February many criminals tried to bypass their fraud checks by contacting victims directly through phone calls or instant messaging services. This ultimately resulted in the widespread scam where fraudsters pretended to be family members of victims needing money, usually contacting them by Whatsapp. By replying to these texts or calls, victims were convinced to give their personal and financial details, believing they were talking to a trusted person. HSBC advised: “Be careful when replying to text alerts. If you do so incorrectly, it could inadvertently confirm a fraudulent transaction as genuine.  If someone tries to convince you over the phone to ignore the instructions in a text alert, that’s a tell-tale sign it’s a fraudster.”    This scam tactic gaining popularity in February started with a phone call from someone posing as a spokesperson or representative from a well-known company. These scammers would usually claim that there were issues with a refund, technical problem with their computer or wifi or that the victim had been taken advantage of by a fraudster. The victims would then be told to download software or a mobile app to fix these issues or safeguard themselves, and then to log onto mobile or online banking. The scammers told victims to share their screen using the software or app they had downloaded which would then allow the scammer to take full control of their online banking session. HSBC shared: “No genuine company will ever call you out of the blue to ask for remote access to your devices.” The first February scam warning involved victims getting a call, text or email from fraudsters claiming to be from HSBC or other financial organisations. The scammers then claim there have been fraudulent transactions on the victim's account and that they need to transfer their funds into a ‘safe account’. HSBC warned: “The criminals will often warn that bank employees are part of the fraud and coach you not to trust them. Being asked to lie to the bank about the reason for making a payment is a clear warning sign of a scam. HSBC will never ask you to move money. If somebody is asking you to move money, it's a scam.” Fraudsters often use key times of the tax year to make attacks and HMRC warned customers in January that the end of the tax year may see a growing number in potential fraud. HSBC shared: “Watch out also for messages pretending to be from HMRC saying you've received a tax rebate and asking for your account details.” The incredible popularity of Netflix documentary The Tinder Swindler has brought to light just how convincing, intricate and devastating romance scams can be. Romance scammers make an emotional connection with their victim and take advantage of their compassion, claiming they need money due to being in a difficult situation. HSBC said: “Never send money to someone you've only met online.”   