The Met Office have warned that moving into tomorrow morning with the clear skies there is a chance of frost, with “patchy freezing fog by dawn”. Snow has also been predicted in Scotland, with chances of up to 10cm falling Thursday night into Friday. Scotland can expect to see snow throughout Thursday and Friday. The wintry weather will move further south by Friday as parts of the Midlands can expect to see some flakes. According to the Met Office, Thursday is predicted to be “largely cloudy, with outbreaks of rain in many western parts, slowly moving east to be replaced by clearer skies already in the far west.” They said: “Some sunny breaks in eastern, especially southeastern parts. “Windy at first in the north [but] mild in the southeast.” Friday will see some sunny spells and scattered showers, with heavy showers possible in the southwest. The weekend will see some rain in central and eastern areas, but generally drier conditions than earlier in the week. READ MORE: Snow warning: -10C Arctic blasts to unleash new Beast from East There have been reports of a “snow bomb” hitting the UK next week, as the Met Office predicts snow arriving on our shores from the west. Temperatures will also be considerably colder than in recent weeks, although the rain will start to clear up in most areas. The colder weather means it is likely we will see more overnight frost into the weekend and Monday. DON'T MISS:UK snow forecast: Heavy snow to hit in mid-March deep freeze as pol... [WEATHER]BBC Weather: Britons brace for persistent rain outbreaks as UK set fo [UK WEATHER]UK snow forecast: Britain braced for 'snow showers' [LATEST] The Met Office predicts next week will be “initially, largely dry with some wintry showers possible, as we move through the period there will be an increasing likelihood of spells of rain, potentially preceded by snow, arriving from the west. “Winds will likely strengthen through midweek with an increasing likelihood of coastal gales. “Rather cool or even cold across much of the UK, but temperatures may begin to recover to nearer normal from the west later in the period.”