"It took my breath away. I felt so violated," says Sarah, 45, whose name has been changed to protect her safety.  It confirmed a dark suspicion that had been brewing in her mind - she was being stalked by her own boyfriend. A policeman would later tell her it was one of the worst cases of stalking they had investigated. According to the Suzy Lamplugh Trust, using gadgets such as secret listening devices to stalk people is becoming increasingly common. "We regard this kind of virtual or online stalking as an extension of offline stalking," says the charity's Violet Alvarez. "Since the pandemic, we have seen a rise in online stalking, with 100 percent of our cases on the National Stalking Helpline having technology or cyber elements to them (a 20 percent rise from before the pandemic). "It can take many forms, such as hacking phones and computers, installing spying software, reading texts and emails, making online threats, making contact through social media, use of drones and smart devices, such as kettles and cameras." Sarah isn't surprised to hear that this kind of stalking is on the rise. Her relationship with Steve started in 2012 after he helped her change a flat tyre on her car.   "By the time I got from the roadside to home, which was about six miles, he had already rung me through Facebook, even though I'd only given him my first name," she claims. “I’ve no idea how he managed to find my Facebook profile so quickly. Looking back, I can see it was a huge red flag. But at the time I brushed off my misgivings. “I suppose I just thought he was persistent and that it was romantic. Sarah dated Steve but told him she wasn’t interested in a serious relationship. Yet Steve was persistent and over time he wore her down. In 2017, they started a relationship. At first, it seemed to be going well. “I had been on my own for a while and it was nice to have somebody,” she says. “My younger daughter adored him, and I thought that was a good sign.” Then one morning, six months into the relationship, Sarah woke to find Steve using her thumb to unlock her iPhone while she was dozing. He said he just wanted to browse the internet, and Sarah believed him.   But as the relationship progressed, Steve became increasingly jealous and possessive. “I had to justify everyone I texted and called, or else he’d accuse me of having an affair,” she says. “I was out at work and my teen daughter was at home because she was poorly. She heard footsteps on the stairs, and rang me in tears. I came home and found him crouching in the downstairs toilet.” Instead of going to comfort her daughter and tell her it was only him, he stayed in the toilet until Sarah got home. The incident convinced her to go to the police and, thankfully, they took the case seriously. Yet this isn’t true for all stalking victims. Violet says: “Unfortunately, victims report that online stalking behaviours are usually not addressed as seriously by police and prosecutors, even though research has shown that the impact on the victim is often the same if not worse as with other types of stalking.” The police searched the house and found more listening devices, as well as a GPS tracker on her car. Astonishingly, there were 46 different surveillance apps downloaded onto Steve’s tablet to keep track of Sarah. “The investigating officer told me it was one of the worst cases of stalking they’d seen,” Sarah says. The police went on to discover Steve had been reading her emails and texts remotely and had even been covertly filming her at his house without her knowing. However, during the investigation, Steve convinced Sarah to retract her statement about him, as long as he got psychological help. The case was shelved, and Sarah ended up back in a relationship with Steve. She says: “As crazy as it sounds, I thought we could get through it.”   Yet as time went on, she started to suspect he was still listening to her conversations. “I’d get into a car in a car park and see his car pulling in behind me. I started to fear leaving my house as I knew he’d follow me.” In February 2019, Sarah finally ended the relationship. “I felt like I was suffocating, but I was scared of what he would do if I ended it. "Then one day, something just snapped, I didn’t want him to be around me or my children any more. "I blocked him and phoned the police.” The police investigation was reopened.   Yet Steve managed to flee the country, and it was once again put on hold. “The case will be reopened and proactively followed up should the suspect return to the UK,” said a statement from the police. Meanwhile, the experience has left Sarah permanently scarred. “Even now, when I make phone calls I tend to leave the house for fear of being listened to,” she says. “There are days when I just sit and cry. My older daughter and I have both been diagnosed with PTSD. My daughter went from being very gifted at school to not making her grades as she can’t concentrate. It makes me feel like a failure as a parent.” Sarah has moved to another area to start her life anew and wants to raise awareness of stalking. She says: “It can feel as if you’re going crazy when someone is stalking you – but you’re not alone. If you’re concerned, talk to someone.” * Names have been changed 