Sally Nugent, 50, took to Twitter last Thursday to admit that taking Naga Munchetty’s usual BBC Breakfast slot had left her baffled. The star replaced Naga temporarily last week as the presenter was taking time off due to being unwell. A fan sent a tweet to Sally at the time saying that she was “confused" by the presenting shake-up. @JaneElizIreland wrote: “Totally confused by @SallyNugent being on BBC Breakfast on a Thursday?” Sally replied, saying: “Me too x.” The exchange was seen in full view of Sally’s 143,500 followers. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win Naga hasn’t yet shared further details of her illness and why she was absent. Sally usually hosts the show from Monday to Wednesday alongside Dan Walker, while Naga and Charlie Stayt front the show from Thursday to Saturday. However, on Saturday, Naga was once again replaced by Rachel Burden and Roger Johnson as the pair stepped in for her. Rachel said that she hoped Naga would "get well soon". She also revealed she was excited to be hosting the show. The presenter took to Twitter to announce her appearance. In view of her 90,000 followers, she penned: “Delighted to be back with this fella on the sofa again this morning. @BBCBreakfast.” She also included a photo of herself and Roger. Fans responded to the tweet with their own compliments. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] Rachel Hawkins wrote: “That dress is lush!” Paul Trowell added: “@RogerJ_01 has weeks in peace without selfie. “Within 30 seconds of you returning...click....Have a good show.” (sic) Gary Hatt penned: “Good morning Rachel, lovely to see you this morning.” Naga was also absent last Friday, but nevertheless received comments from a troll. A Twitter user called out her out over an interview with Grant Shapps, which never happened. The user, named Sally, wrote: “Just had to turn @TVNaga01 off again, interviewing Grant shappes. “Then starts the normal childish na,na,na,na let’s blame you, so tiresome.” (sic) Naga responded, saying that she wasn’t even presenting the BBC show at the time. Victoria Derbyshire had replaced Naga that day. In view of her 267,000 followers, she replied, reminding the viewer to “turn off her default setting of hate". She wrote: “Sally I'm not at work today. “Maybe you should turn off your default setting of hate instead? Have a lovely day.” Naga received plenty of praise from followers for her response. @Hypno said: “Well done Naga, this is how you put trolls in their place.” Guy Nicholls wrote: “Naga ignore all the haters, you are without doubt the best dressed, classiest news lady on tv.” (sic) Corrie Corfield added: “Top reply.” Former BBC Breakfast presenter Susanna Reid also replied with a love heart emoji.