Roger Federer looks to be in his best condition for almost a year after he posted a video of his return to training on his Instagram.  The 40-year-old has been out of competitive action since his defeat at Wimbledon in the quarter-final back in July, citing a knee injury as the problem. The Basel-born hero lost in straight sets to Hubert Hurkacz on Centre Court as he failed to win the illustrious Grand Slam for the fourth year running following his 2017 triumph. Since then, he has missed the US Open and the 2022 Australian Open as a result of his knee operation. But footage has emerged via his Instagram of the star being back in training ahead of the upcoming French Open in just two months' time. And the news has sent fans into a frenzy over his return after a prolonged time on the sidelines. Federer has won 20 Grand Slams in his career, with 16 of those coming in a seven-year spell from July 2003 to January 2010.  But he has recently been overtaken by Rafael Nadal, who won his 21st back in January. Federer pledged to help victims of the Ukrainian war on Friday via his charity foundation. The Swiss started the foundation in 2003 in order to help underprivileged children around the world. And due to the events occurring in the Eastern European nation, Federer has detailed what he will do to help those currently living in fear. "We will provide assistance to children from Ukraine who need care, about six million Ukrainian children are currently out of school," a statement said. "We know it's a very critical time to provide access to education and would like to support them to deal with this extremely traumatic experience. "Through the Roger Federer Foundation, we will be supporting 'War Child Holland' with a donation of $500,000 to establish access to continued schooling for Ukrainian children." The French Open begins in May, as Federer looks to win his second title at Roland Garros. However, with Nadal also playing, the Spaniard poses a huge threat to his title credentials. 