Meghan Markle's first Spotify podcast series will be launched this summer after she and her husband raised concerns about Covid-19 misinformation with the streaming platform. The couple signed a lucrative deal with Spotify to host and produce podcasts, estimated to be worth around 25 million US dollars (£18 million), in late 2020 but have only recorded one show. But royal commentators have been left questioning whether Prince Harry will be included in it. Speaking on Us Weekly's Royally Us, host Christina Garibaldi said: "Meghan is gearing up to release her debut podcast this summer. "This comes a little over a year after she and Prince Harry signed a reported $25mllion deal with Spotify. "There has been some controversy with this podcast, it was delayed for a little while because of Covid misinformation that was being released by some other podcasts on Spotify. "But they seem to have worked that out." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim Co-host Christine Ross said: "This does seem to be a story that never ends in the sense that we keep getting twists and turns and new drips of information. "One thing that was interesting about the recent statement is that they've said it's Meghan's podcast. "They didn't mention Prince Harry and I think he was initially involved in the project. "I do believe it's meant to spotlight strong female voices so it makes sense if Meghan spearheads that project." A spokesperson for the audio subsidiary of the Sussexes' Archewell Foundation said they had been encouraged by ongoing conversations with the streaming platform, and have been working closely with its team towards policies and practices aimed at raising creator awareness and minimising the spread of misinformation. The announcement came as footage was released of Harry making a video call with Ukrainian staff from the Halo Trust, a landmine clearance organisation working since 2016 in the eastern European country. Archewell has also made donations to a number of groups working on the ground to provide aid to Ukrainians, including Halo which is supported by the duke. In January, Neil Young reportedly offered Spotify an ultimatum to remove either his work or The Joe Rogan Experience podcast, which has been known to air vaccine-sceptical views. DON'T MISS Kate left red-faced as Duchess shunned by Jamaican beauty Queen [VIDEO]India TV host slams Queen's past over Jamaica protests [INSIGHT]Philip would expect 'favourite son' Andrew to 'turn up' to memorial [ANALYSIS] When the singer later left the streaming platform, Joni Mitchell announced the same move "in solidarity" with his decision. At the time, the Sussexes' charitable foundation said they had been expressing concerns but the couple were committed to continuing their work with the streaming platform. A spokesperson for Archewell Audio said as a result of their meetings with Spotify, the couple are "excited" to announce they are continuing production of Meghan's "groundbreaking" first podcast series, set to launch this summer - with more details to follow soon. Following Young's reported concerns, Spotify said it aimed to balance "both safety for listeners and freedom for creators" and had removed more than 20,000 podcast episodes related to Covid since the start of the pandemic.