Ozark made its hugely anticipated return to Netflix in January with the first half of its fourth and final season. After it ended with a jaw-dropping and heart-wrenching cliffhanger, the show’s writer and producer Chris Mundy opened up about one of the most unexpected storylines of the season so far, Wyatt and Darlene’s wedding.  Since Ozark first landed on screens in 2017 Wyatt Langmore (played by Charlie Tahan) experienced a number of surprising and shocking moments. One was his acceptance into the University of Missouri, as the most academically smart in his family, he had a chance to attend college and become more than a “no good Langmore.” However, after the shocking revelation, his cousin Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) killed his father Russ Langmore (Marc Menchaca) Wyatt was heartbroken, moved out and refused to attend college. For viewers, one of the most unexpected moves from the teenager was his relationship with local queen pin Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery). READ MORE: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin for role in Abi plot? Not only was she a hardened criminal who was distributing heroin across the Ozarks, but she had also killed her husband Jacob Snell (Peter Mullan). Despite this, fans and the town’s locals were more taken aback by their unity because Darlene was old enough to be Wyatt’s grandmother. With some viewers confessing to social media they squirmed during their intimate scenes. While season four saw the cousins move forward and plan their future together, it also saw Wyatt and Darlene unexpectedly tie the knot. In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, the showrunner revealed the real reason why Wyatt decided to get married to Darlene. Mundy explained: “There were two things: One is that he was pulled by Zeke and wanting to be responsible for Zeke. “But when it really comes down to it, I don’t think Wyatt wanted to leave. “It’s the same reason he didn’t go off to the University of Missouri when he was accepted there.” DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? [THEORY]Ozark season 4: Jonah to die at the hands of Javi after part 1 clue? [THEORY]  Mundy continued: “He has the intellect and the dream of going beyond the Ozarks. “But he realised he was happy and realised it was OK to feel like a local and be proud of that. “That was a big revelation for him in his heart of hearts, even though he and Ruth are so close, he didn’t want to leave.” Viewers watched as Ruth promised a better life for herself and Wyatt, sharing they would move away from Ozark once she had accumulated enough money for them to live a comfortable life. Which is why fans were left in tears after watching her discover Wyatt and Darlene’s lifeless bodies less than 30 minutes after their wedding. Ruth went on a rampage and unleashed an emotional tirade at Marty Byrde (Jason Bateman) after she was convinced he had ordered their deaths. Instead, she was informed their deaths were the doing of Javi Navarro, a newcomer and the successor of the Navarro cartel, founded by his uncle Omar Navarro (Felix Soli). A teaser clip previewing the upcoming episodes of Ozark, showed Ruth driving with a rifle in the passenger seat which hinted at her on her way to kill Javi. Thankfully, viewers don’t have to wait too long before part two lands on screens. Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on April 29. 