The scammers have been sending convincing letters masquerading as a genuine company such as a law firm. The bank has warned people to always double check by calling the company on the head office number. Lloyds Bank is the latest bank to issue a new scam warning as more reports of convincing scams hit the headlines every day. It has warned people to be extra vigilant as these scams become more and more sophisticated conning people out of thousands of pounds in cash. One of the latest scams doing the rounds is a letter that claims to be from a genuine company, such as a law firm. The letter demands a payment of an unpaid debt that a loved one is supposed to have left behind. READ MORE: Carer's Allowance warning as earning too much could mean you miss out On its website, Lloyds advised: “If you get a letter like this, take your time to check it’s genuine. “Call the company to talk to them in person. “But use a phone number you trust, not one from a letter. “Make sure they sent the letter and can explain the payment. “You can always ask your family or friends to help you check.” DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] Another scam that has been tricking Britons out of their hard-earned cash is sent over WhatsApp pretending to be from a family member in trouble. Lloyds Bank said victims are losing around £1,950 each on average to this ‘cruel scam’. A spokesperson for Lloyds Bank said: "The story they tell varies but most often they will claim that because it is a new phone, they don’t have access to their internet or mobile banking account, and therefore they need urgent help with paying a bill." A simple way to check whether this is genuine is to call the family member on their usual number and never send money without speaking to the person first. Meanwhile, Barclays has also urged people not to be fooled by a text pretending to be from them. The text asks customers to click on a link if they didn’t authorise a recent payment. Age UK has also reported that fraudsters are sending phishing text messages claiming to be from charities, in order to convince people to donate. People should do their own research into the charity before making a donation.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In addition, Santander also issued a scam warning recently after a couple lost £20,000 in an NHS Covid text scam. This text scam is catching people out by telling them they have been in close contact with someone who has tested positive for the Omicron variant. The text includes a link to a fake NHS website to order a PCR test. Although only a small amount of money to cover postage for the PCR is requested, the website asks for personal details so that the fraudster can call back pretending to be from the Santander fraud team. People can report scams to Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040. 