Cavill is one of the frontrunners to be the next 007 and Argylle director Matthew Vaughan even stated that's why he had snapped up the British star for his own movie. The spy thriller will only add fuel to Cavill's Bondfire, showcasing yet again his ability to play slick and suave alongside deadly and dangerous. The first image dropped yesterday, followed by the teaser trailer this evening. Vaughan is known for his love of subversive fun and this latest story puts a brand new spin on the classic secret agent romp. The new Apple TV+ blockbuster Argylle is based on the debut novel by Ellie Conway and the new trailer promises: "The greater the spy, the bigger the lie." The bonkers plot follows a top spook who has amnesia and is somehow persuaded that he instinctively knows so much about espionage because he is a best-selling crime novelist. Things start to get even more crazy when his memories start to return and he plots revenge on his old agency. Alongside Cavill and pop star Dua Lipa in her big screen debut, the new film also includes a stellar line of Hollywood names fromWest Side Story Oscar nominee Ariana DeBose, Sam Rockwell, Bryce Dallas Howard and Bryan Cranston to Catherine O'Hara, John Cena and Samuel L Jackson. Vaughan bluntly explained why he was drawn to making the film and its leading man: "I love Bond. It's obviously a huge influence on me... You wait till you see Argylle. "But Henry Cavill, that man was born to play Bond. When you see how he is in this film, I was just like, 'Wow, this guy is everything you'd imagine Bond to have been, or be.'" Vaughan has already revealed that the film is the first in a projected franchise, kicking off with an initial trilogy. And the X-Men and Kingsmen director has promised that this is his biggest and most expensive project yet. DON'T MISSBest Apple AirPods Pro Deals (March 2022)Star Wars new trilogy: Another Marvel star 'joins series as Sith'Elvis: Linda Thompson shares ‘beautiful’ snaps of ‘very special times’ Vaughan recently told Collider: "It’s just fun. If people think Kingsman was fun... this is on a different level where it's just going... I was sitting in lockdown, seeing how miserable we all were, and I read it and it made me smile. So, I just thought, you know what, let's make a movie during lockdown because we put it all together really quickly. Argylle currently has no official release date but fans won't have long to wait with the tag line promising it is "coming soon." The film is the latest in a dazzling array of releases headlined by Hollywood A-listers that will not be heading to cinemas. Instead, Argylle is one of the major high-profile 2022 releases that will debut on a streaming platform – in this case Apple TV+.