A key part of this financial pressure is the West's decision to target the stupendously rich oligarchs who have prospered under Putin's brutal rule. By exploiting their links to the tyrant and an ingrained culture of corruption, they have amassed the vast fortunes that fund their luxurious lifestyles and colossal property empires. Shamefully, the West has colluded with their avarice and plunder far too long, allowing the integrity of our commercial systems to be degraded by this flood of dirty money, much accumulated from the theft of the Russian state's resources. In particular, successive UK governments have turned a blind eye to this mafia-style capitalism, eager to attract wealthy Russian investors. Putin's cronies have been allowed to buy a huge range of assets here, so much so that the central part of our capital is nicknamed "Londongrad". But finally, in the wake of the onslaught against Ukraine, the bell is tolling for this racket. Across the West, Russian plutocrats are facing tough sanctions. In his address to Congress last week, US President Joe Biden warned them: "We are going to seize your yachts, your luxury apartments, your private jets." It was not empty rhetoric. America and the EU are ratcheting up financial penalties. Several vessels have been impounded in European ports, and Forbes magazine estimates that since the invasion began, 116 Russian millionaires have lost £105billion of their total wealth. Our own Government has been slower to respond, partly due to the strength of Russian influence here. Indeed, just two years ago, Parliament's intelligence and security committee warned the relationship was so deeply embedded it "cannot be untangled." But at last, the horror of Putin's savagery has forced ministers to act. Yesterday, they said seven key oligarchs will be subjected to severe restrictions in Britain, including a freeze on assets, travel bans and a stop on transactions with British firms. Heading that list is Roman Abramovich, Chelsea Football Club's owner, estimated to be worth at least £9billion. Having made his money in the oil industry in the 1990s, he now has a £150million mansion and a £22million penthouse in London, as well as £1.25billion of superyachts and private jets. The others include: Oleg Deripaska, who made his fortune in metals; Nikolai Tokarev, one of Putin's former KGB colleagues and president of state-owned pipeline firm Transneft; and Dmitri Lebedev, chairman of Rossiya, widely regarded as the Kremlin's private bank. The measures against these men are harsh but fully deserved. In announcing the sanctions against the oligarchs, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said: "The blood of the Ukrainian people is on their hands." None are true entrepreneurs in the sense of having generated their wealth through new businesses, services or inventions. On the contrary, they are ruthless operators who largely enriched themselves through political ties or their control of lucrative state assets. For the most part, they are kleptocrats or bullies who have thrived in the culture of intimidation, fear and criminality Putin has built. By their association with this monster, they now rank among modern Europe's "guilty men". It takes courage to challenge Putin's regime, as some high-profile critics discovered, such as brave Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky, whose efforts to expose corporate corruption resulted in his detention and death at the hands of prison guards in 2009.