The BBC Radio 4 presenter frostily questioned Maria Butina over her government's conduct in Ukraine amid growing reports of civilian casualties in indiscriminate bombings. Nick Robinson admitted to being "puzzled" by Butina's attempts to defend Vladimir Putin and the Russian Army despite Ukraine's claims of repeated attacks on the population. The Russian activist was previously convicted for acting as a foreign agent at the behest of Moscow in the United States, and is now an MP serving in the Duma. The BBC presenter said: "I'm very puzzled by this conversation. "I'm going to take as sincere your desire to help and protect people who find themselves persecuted. But how can you utter the sentence 'no one wants civilians to get hurt?' "I was in a peaceful city just a matter of days ago and your president has chosen to bomb it, bomb cities all over the country of Ukraine and to force millions of people from their home. "What on earth does the sentence 'no one wants civilians to get hurt' mean in Moscow?" READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Butina said: "First of all, Russian troops do not bomb civilian population." Mr Robinson cut in: "They do." She insisted: "And second, let me tell you, for eight years these people, not all the Ukrainians, but the Nazi part were actually killing people in the Donbas region." The BBC host however noted Neo-Nazi parties in Ukraine had a significantly small presence in the Ukrainian Government. READ MORE: Putin troops in total morale collapse - soldiers shoot EACH OTHER for not killing innocent  He said: "What percentage did the far-right party get in Eastern Ukraine? "Let's answer the question – it was two percent polling. So no one is doubting the word Neo-Nazi but your assertion that they're all Nazi is nonsense." Asked how she thinks the war will end, Butina said: "I believe Ukraine should have a right to choose, Ukrainians by themselves, a legitimate power, legitimate leaders that they would like to have. But they should be demilitarised, no military tensions like we have today. "And they should be denazified, which means no Nazi people in the Government." Mr Robinson frostily shut her down before ending the interview: "So they should choose their own leader once you've bombed their people and millions of them have left the country." DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] The BBC presenter was praised for maintaining his composure throughout his exchange with Butina, Former MP Anna Soubry said on Twitter: "@NickRobinson providing a masterclass in how to control your temper whilst interviewing a #Putin spokeswoman telling him #Russia is not bombing killing or injuring civilians in #Ukraine #Today #BBC." BBC listener Andrew Flannery wrote: "Feeling @bbcnickrobinson's anger at this Russian interview this morning #r4today." User @AdrianLyonsFRSA said: "Brilliant interview by @bbcnickrobinson on @BBCr4today this morning with a Russian MP. "The mix of professionalism and incredulity struck the right tone." And #herbertseminars wrote: "Astonishing interview with a Moscow government crony on @BBCr4today earlier. "Interviewee actually suggested that Ukraine had shelled its own cities & citizens. "Nick Robinson did a very professional job in destroying her feeble arguments."