  EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison wowed the public with her incredible vocal skills on the streets of Lancashire. The actress was seen busking outside her local Chinese takeaway by "really shocked" onlookers, amid a shift in her career.      Cheryl, 56, was spotted singing her heart out as she put on a stunning performance to promote a night at her local Chinese restaurant. The actress played fan favourite Heather Trott in the BBC soap EastEnders from 2007 to 2012. The star reportedly belted out songs in the sunshine, while playing the guitar beside a Chinese dragon on Clevely high street. Cheryl is said to be hosting a banquet and karaoke night at Great Fortune House later this week. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts    She was busking in order to encourage locals to come along, according to reports. One passerby admitted that residents were left taken aback to see the former soap star singing on the street. A source said: “Everyone was really shocked to see Cheryl singing in the streets but it’s a perfect example of how dedicated she is. “She wants to make sure the night is a real hit so was just giving them a taste of what they can expect.”     Cheryl’s day out busking is not the only musical pursuit she’s been working on recently, however, as the actress has been making a career out of her incredible singing talents. In recent weeks, the star has been giving singing lessons to children while she works between acting jobs. Cheryl reportedly offers lessons for £60 an hour following requests from fans, and has even been advertising her classes on TikTok. The mum-of-one is also offering other training services, including in stage acting, screen acting, script reading and confidence building. READ MORE... Piers Morgan slams Finding Freedom co-author for Wills and Kate swipe [LATEST] Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [UPDATE] ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS]    She said: "You will have an hour with me where you can choose the subject/s that are of interest. “It is important that these 1-2-1 sessions are tailor made just for you.” For fans of EastEnders, the actress will also reveal "how a soap is put together for your viewing" as well as how she "developed the character of Heather Trott". The soap star added she’s happy to answer any questions about her time on the show as well as any other productions she’s been a part of, The Sun reports.      Express.co.uk have contacted Cheryl for further comment. This news comes after it was announced that Cheryl would be taking on a major new acting role on Netflix. The much-loved actress is set to star in Catherine Tate’s upcoming comedy Hard Cell. The multi-character sitcom is set in the fictional female prison, HMP Woldsley, and takes place over a six-week period during which time the inmates rehearse a musical directed by Cheryl. Hard Cell is set to air on Netflix from April 12, 2022.   