The Met Office issued a whopping 11 weather warnings for snow, hail and ice on Thursday, with freezing temperatures expected to cause disruption into Friday morning. Snowfall and ice was expected in the east of England, the north and east of Scotland, north west England as well as London and south east England.  Areas across the UK were expected to be hit by the wintry conditions, including the Scottish Highlands, East Midlands, Yorkshire and Northumberland. The Met Office said wintry showers would persist overnight on Thursday into Friday morning, leading to ice, particularly on untreated surfaces. It warned that eastern Scotland and hillier areas of northeast England could see snowfall, with 5cm possible in parts of Scotland, Northumberland and the North York Moors. Meanwhile, band of rain, sleet and snow was expected to affect parts of east and southesat England during Friday morning, with snow most likely over high ground in Kent. The Met Office warned that wind borne snow and sleet was likely to affect visibility on roads. The weather warnings were extended south to parts of Essex, the East Midlands and East Anglia, and the south east on Thursday morning as showers pushed inland and raised the risk of snow and icy conditions. Higher areas are expected to see the heaviest snowfall as temperatures continue to drop across the UK. Temperatures began to fall on Wednesday as the icy conditions gripped the country. The bitter weather front was set to move down the UK throughout the week, with regions in the north, central and south all expected to see some snow and ice. Sub-zero temperatures were expected to grip the UK until the weekend, marking a dramatic change from the previous week when many Britons basked in bright sunshine and highs of 20C.  Maximum temperatures will barely scrape half of the highs seen last week, with the south of England seeing the warmest of the chilly conditions. Forecasters have said a cold low pressure front was to blame for the unusually chilly weather. The IBM Weather Company said the weather was “turning colder from Wednesday and into Thursday when low pressure over Scandinavia will bring cold air from the north over Europe that will also spread over the British Isles. “Minimum temperatures in the Highlands -5 to -7 C. Wind chill temperatures are expected to be equivalent to -1 to -2C in places along the east coast of England and Scotland in a moderate to fresh north-easterly wind. “Conditions will remain colder than normal after Thursday, although gradually less cold with temperatures back to normal by Monday when a milder westerly air flow is expected. Maximum temperatures will range from 5 to 11 C in the north to 4 to 14 C in the south.”