Energy will cost Britons hundreds more from April 1 when the new price cap comes into effect. The increased threshold could see a typical UK household pay as much as £693 more each year - luckily, there are several money-saving hacks which could help to soften the blow. Personal finance experts at Ocean Finance have revealed 10 easy ways to save up to £375 on your bill in just one year, but what are they? Ofgem’s energy price cap hike will see the maximum amount suppliers can charge increase by 54 percent. The significant rise means the current cap of £1,277 will rise to £1,971 for a typical UK household. Small home improvements costing as little as £3 could save you hundreds of pounds on your annual bill, but where should you begin? Finance experts at Ocean Finance have rounded up their top hacks to reduce costs by £375 - and you should start by making your home smarter. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home Smart meters can be installed for free and save you up to £36 per year on your energy bills, according to the government’s Smart Meter Roll-Out Cost-Benefit Analysis. These clever gadgets use a secure national communication network known as DCC to automatically and wirelessly send your real-time energy usage to your supplier. Not only does this mean you only pay for what you use, but there’s also no need to update your readings manually. Smartening up your light bulbs could save you a staggering £126 per year on your dual fuel energy bill. Research shows that incandescent bulbs cost around £12.40 to buy and power annually, compared to just £2.05 for an LED smart bulb. Making the switch to energy-efficient lighting will save you an average of £10.35 per bulb, which equates to £207 a year for a house with 20 bulbs. It will cost you approximately £161.39 to buy 20 smart bulbs, which could save you up to £252.61 after just two years. DON'T MISS:How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [REVEAL]British Gas customers - what the energy crisis means for you [INSIGHT]Eon customers - what the energy crisis means for you [ANALYSIS] This regimented hack requires you to limit yourself to just three minutes of hot water per shower. The team at Ocean Finance said: “You can get down to three minutes by doing all your soap and shampoo lathering with the shower switched off, then put it back on again to rinse. “Reducing your shower time from 10 minutes to three can save you up to £80 a year, so it’s certainly worth a try. Cracks and creaks can appear naturally over time, leaving your home exposed to draughts.Concealing gaps around your doors, windows, floors and even your chimney could save you more than £50 per year. The most effective ways to draught-proof your home include: Washing machines use a significant amount of water and energy in each cycle. To save money, consider washing your clothes on a lower heat and make use of washing lines to air dry your laundry. Making these simple changes can save you a third on your energy bills, slashing £53 per year off the average £160 we spend on laundry. When we turn off electrical devices, many stay in standby, using a small amount of energy the entire time. Shutting your devices down completely will save you up to £80 a year on your energy bills, according to the Energy Saving Trust. Be sure to unplug anything you’re not using too – if it’s not plugged in, it can’t contribute to your energy bills.