The claim appears in an op-ed published on Friday by French daily Le Monde. In a translated version, it states: "In [the] context of [a] dramatic rise in geopolitical risks, Brexit appears to be a handicap, even a historical error." Le Monde's London correspondent, Cécile Ducourtieux, goes on to say: "What is the interest for the British of turning their back on the European Union at a time when the latter is resuming its primary dimension: that of an alliance for peace and democracy?" Under the headline "Brexit isolates UK in Ukraine crisis", the piece maintains that Russian President Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine strengthened EU unity but exposed the British Government as "very timorous" in its actions although strong on rhetoric. It compares Brexit to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky imploring Brussels to grant Ukraine membership status immediately. Georgia and Moldova have also applied for membership of the bloc. In a tweet responding to the piece, journalist Agnes Poirier commented: "Boris Johnson’s bragging isn’t fooling anyone. The Ukrainian crisis shows how Brexit has isolated Britain."  Iain Martin, a columnist at The Times, shot back: "This piece is completely unmoored from reality. Very odd. "From the US and UK briefing the disbelieving and slow-moving EU for months on invasion. To UK military aid, pre-invasion and ongoing. Ask the Ukrainians." Ms Ducourtieux acknowledges in her op-ed that Boris Johnson has very harsh words to condemn the Putin regime. She writes: "[Mr Johnson] already considers him responsible for 'war crimes', demands that he be treated 'like an outcast', repeats that he 'must fail' and supports 'the toughest package of sanctions ever decided' against Russia."  READ MORE ABOUT THE UK'S LIST OF PROBABLE NUCLEAR TARGETS She adds the UK feared an invasion "early on" and reacted swiftly to Russia's move, including by closing ports to Russian flagged ships as well as pushing for Russian banks to be disconnected from interbank messaging service Swift. Mr Martin defended the Government, saying the UK was helping Ukraine long before mid-January. He tweeted: "The EU's intelligence failure, or failure to believe US and UK, was shaming, as a senior EU official told me." On allegations in Le Monde that the Government's words have not been matched by deeds, Mr Martin said: "Timorous in its actions?! Looking at what British supplied (Swedish designed) NAWLs [next generation light anti-tank weapons] are doing in Ukraine that is an outrageous slur.  DON'T MISS: Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [REPORT] Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown [REVEALED] Labour faces financial oblivion as top donor ready to scrap funding [LATEST] "On refugees, attitude long predates this crisis and is being widely criticised. Sanctions, it's mixed." He continued: "So, not timorous at all on supplying actual weaponry and military advice to aid the Ukrainian war effort.  "Or on intelligence and cyber with the US, as the two key powers in the main intelligence network. But still... isolated." The op-ed comes as Britain sanctioned more than 300 Russian parliamentarians with ministers seeking to tighten the screws on Moscow over the invasion of Ukraine which has raged since February 24. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said 386 members of the Duma are being banned from travelling to the UK and any assets they have in the country will be frozen. Ms Truss said in a statement: "We're targeting those complicit in Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine and those who support this barbaric war. We will not let up the pressure and will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions.  "Together with our allies, we stand firmly beside our Ukrainian friends. We will continue to support Ukraine with humanitarian aid, defensive weapons and diplomatic work to isolate Russia internationally." The UK has now sanctioned more than 500 high-value individuals and entities with Russian aircraft - including oligarchs' private jets - banned from the UK. Britain's total emergency and aid support for Ukraine now totals £400 million, according to the Government. 