Reform UK's deputy leader Dr David Bull claimed that Vladimir Putin was running out of money, suggesting Ukraine's persistent resistance to the invasion coupled with Western sanctions have been biting hard. The Russian President has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for two weeks. Western countries scrabbled to slam sanctions on Russia in order to slow Putin's war machine down.  Speaking to talkRADIO, Mr Bull said: "Clearly Putin's invasion is not going very well and I think you can see that actually, the Russian losses are far more significant than we first thought. "I think something like 10,000 Russian soldiers are thought to of died. "But clearly Putin has failed in a number of things, firstly that convoy is stuck, you know that 40-mile convoy is stuck, it's not moving they haven't got the air superiority they wanted. "And I think also they've underestimated just the will and the extraordinary bravery of the Ukrainian people.  READ THE LATEST IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Mr Bull added: "And I think they've also underestimated the West. "Those sanctions they're far deeper, they're far broader than he would have thought. "And today's announcement that the United States will ban imports of oil. "The fact that the United Kingdom will do the same by the end of the year is going to hurt him very hard indeed. "This war is costing a billion pounds a day, and although he set aside something like 630b to fight this war, he's running out of money and he's running out of it fast." READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine     Oil and gas prices have been skyrocketing in the West due to the sanctions imposed on Russian oil and the ban on it in the US. Fawad Razaqzada, a market analyst at Think Markets, said: "For now, markets are relieved by the fact we haven't had any fresh bearish news since yesterday's announcement of a ban in oil imports from Russia. "The markets were severely oversold... this is also typical of a bear market when you sometimes see multiple percentage point gains in a short period of time as the shorts are squeezed before the rally runs out of steam and the downward trend resumes." Many experts claim the sanctions will do a lot of damage to the Russian economy. DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence bossPutin 'preparing nuclear facilities' for some areas to survive amid fears of WW3Russia to 'turn the lights out' for Ukraine after taking power plant Security expert Jonathan Jackson exclusively shared with Express.co.uk a similar assessment of the ongoing situation. Mr Jackson said: “The commercial isolation of Russia will have a negative effect on the Kremlin eventually, but not before damaging the living standards of most Russians. “As with the sanctions imposed on Saddam Hussain and Iraq after the first Gulf War in 1991, it is the wider populations of teachers, doctors, postal workers, and students who will feel the effects of these sanctions, rather than the wealthy and privileged elites. “Some have now begun to question whether punishing the people of a policed state, lacking any form of coordinated political opposition, should be the most effective response to a tyrant’s actions. “In the often-complex world of geopolitics, those who have little influence over Putin’s war will suffer or be deprived far more than those who do.” 