 Emmerdale viewers saw Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) and Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) tie the knot in 2020 and they seem to be a strong couple having stuck together through a number of challenges over the past couple of years. However, their relationship could soon be put under strain as Paddy grows close to an old flame. According to official ITV soap spoilers, Paddy’s ex Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) will receive some devastating news as she uncovers a lie her adopted son Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) has been hiding from her. Could Paddy and Mandy reconnect romantically as he offers support during her hour of need?   Vinny and Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) recently tied the knot in secret, but Mandy is soon set to discover the truth. In upcoming scenes, a postal mix-up sees Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) come across an envelope addressed to “Mr & Mrs V Dingle”. Noah tactfully passes on the envelope, which contains Liv and Vinny’s marriage certificate, to Mandy. Mandy is floored by the discovery when she uncovers the certificate and realises Vinny has kept his marriage a secret from her. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?  Later on, a devastated Mandy presents Vinny with the certificate and asks for an explanation. She tells her adopted son that she sees his secret wedding as a betrayal of their relationship. As Mandy comes to terms with Vinny’s lies, could she turn to an old friend for support? Chatting to Express.co.uk and other press, Mandy actress Lisa Riley revealed Paddy will be the one to help her through this challenging time.   The soap star said: “We have Mandy's oldest, oldest, oldest best friend who sorts everything out and of course, we're going to be playing a lot of lovely stuff. “It's Paddy who makes them realise that actually when they were kids, and they were the same age, they were exactly the same as Liv and Vinny. “So yeah, Paddy is the ultimate hero of the day,” the actress explained. Lisa continued: “Dingles make mistakes and we pull our socks up and we carry on. “But, this is a mistake and this is deception, and Mandy won't have deception in her life. “But then Paddy reminds her of a few home truths,” she teased. DON'T MISS...EastEnders’ Keegan Baker goes on the run after killing Gray? [SPOILERS]Last of the Summer Wine writer originally refused to cast Compo star [INSIGHT]BBC's Croxall on ‘scary’ moment breaking news of Prince Philip’s death [MUST SEE]  The actress hinted fans will see Mandy and Paddy grow closer at Vinny and Liv’s upcoming wedding reception. Lisa said: “Something happens which makes the audience even realise more between Paddy and Mandy there's something very, very special and very deep-rooted.” Speaking further about the duo’s connection, the soap star teased there could be more to their relationship on the horizon. She explained: “It’s a deep-rooted loyalty and trust that Mandy and Paddy have had and this is going to go on into the future. “We've got some heartbreak, serious heartbreak coming in the Dingles,” Lisa revealed.    Could this mean Paddy and Mandy will rekindle their romance and begin having an affair behind Chas’ back? Regular Emmerdale viewers will remember Paddy and Mandy were a couple in their youth and got married in 1999. Since their relationship came to an end the couple have remained friends, but could their feelings for one another soon become romantic once more? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 