Arsenal fell to a 2-0 defeat against Premier League title-chasers Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday night. Jurgen Klopp's formidable side halted the Gunners' five-game winning run in a high-stakes clash of few clear-cut chances in the capital. Express Sport rates the Arsenal players on a disappointing night. Aaron Ramsdale - 2 Aaron Ramsdale has been crucial in Arsenal's promising season under Mikel Arteta, but he had a night to forget at the Emirates. Ramsdale was at fault for Diogo Jota's opener, letting the ball slip under his arms, on an otherwise quiet night. Cedric Soares - 6 Cedric Soares won six of his eight duels and completed the only dribble he attempted. However, he didn't find an Arsenal man with any of his four crosses and lost possession 19 times. Ben White - 4 Ben White couldn't get across quick enough to prevent Jota's strike and also allowed Andy Robertson's ball to reach Roberto Firmino for the second. He was the less impressive of the two centre-backs. Gabriel Magalhaes - 6 Gabriel Magalhaes completed six of his 10 attempted long balls and didn't lose a single aerial duel. Kieran Tierney - 6 Kieran Tierney won all four of his ground duels and made four tackles as he largely silenced Sadio Mane. JUST IN: Liverpool beat Arsenal: Five things learned as Reds dream of title Thomas Partey - 6 Thomas Partey was Arsenal's best player on the night as he continued to showcase his best form since joining from Atletico Madrid. The Ghanaian completed five of eight long balls, all four of his attempted dribbles, won nine of his 14 ground duels and made three tackles and two interceptions. Granit Xhaka - 6 Granit Xhaka was almost just as impressive in a tense midfield battle, completing all five of his long balls and maintaining an 85 per cent pass accuracy. Bukayo Saka - 4 Andrew Robertson, the Man of the Match, kept Bukayo Saka quiet for most of the evening. Martin Odegaard - 4 Martin Odegaard also struggled to make an impact with the ball at his feet, taking just 35 touches and winning just five of his 11 ground duels. Gabriel Martinelli - 7 Gabriel Martinelli made Trent Alexander-Arnold's life a misery all evening, completing all three of his attempted dribbles. The Brazilian starlet has a huge future and was unlucky to go without a goal or assist. READ MORE: Man Utd may have secret weapon to tempt Thomas Tuchel to quit Chelsea Alexandre Lacazette - 4 Alexandre Lacazette was starved of service for most of the night, completing just nine passes all game. Emile Smith Rowe - 6 Emile Smith Rowe looked lively after coming on for the final 20 minutes, completing two dribbles and winning both of his ground duels. Nicolas Pepe - 5 Nicolas Pepe completed all nine of his passes in the 16 minutes he was on the pitch. Eddie Nketiah - 4 Eddie Nketiah did little to nothing in the 10 minutes he was given to make an impact. Firmino's goal killed the game off. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.