She learned to take pictures when she was a girl and regularly visited her paternal grandad Peter Middleton. Kate, 40, has become an accomplished photographer and taken control of her family's image to a new level. She has limited most publicly available pictures of her children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, to shots she has taken. It has meant there are fewer photos of them than of previous generations of the Royal Family, but the pictures are often more intimate and relaxed because their mother has taken them. The Duchess, who wrote a dissertation about the author Lewis Carroll's photos of children when she was a student at St Andrews University, has submitted a picture of each of her children to Life Through a Royal Lens. The new exhibition at Kensington Palace focuses on the Royal Family's relationship with photography. She chose three images of the children, including George in an England football shirt, for the show and told staff at Historic Royal Palaces, the charity that manages the parts of the palace open to the public, how she got interested in the artform. Claudia Acott Williams, curator at Historic Royal Palaces, said: "Her grandfather was a very good photographer.When she was a child, he would show her his slides. It was him who taught her how to take photographs." Mr Middleton, an RAF and then commercial airline pilot, died aged 90 on November 2, 2010, just days before Kate and William announced their engagement. After his death, his family praised his huge enthusiasm and described his passion for hobbies including sailing, carpentry, writing and photography. They revealed that William had joined Kate and the whole family at his 90th birthday party. The second in line to the throne and his then girlfriend visited Mr Middleton again after their return from Kenya, where William proposed to her in October 2010. Ms Acott Williams said Kate's dissertation on the photographs taken of children by Carroll would have been an excellent preparation for the Duchess's approach to capturing George, Charlotte and Louis on camera. Carroll was better known as the author of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and sequel Through the Looking - Glass than his snaps. And in November 2004 Kate, then a fourth year art history student at St Andrews, wrote to the Lewis Carroll Society, asking for help. She said: "I am interested in looking at Carroll's representations of 'the child' and whether his photographs support or conflict our notions of childhood." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea