Traci Braxton, sister of singer Toni Braxton, has died aged 50 from cancer. Traci was also a singer and starred on reality TV show Braxton Family Values with her siblings and mother. Born in 1971, Traci’s father Michael Conrad Braxton Sr. was a Methodist clergyman and power company worker, and her mother, Evelyn Jackson, was a former opera singer and cosmetologist, as well as a pastor. She had an older brother named Michael Jr and four sisters - Toni, Towanda, Trina and Tamar. The siblings formed a musical quintet together in 1989. Toni has sold more than 70million records worldwide and won numerous Grammys and Billboard Music Awards for her famous songs including You’re Makin’ Me High/Let It Flow and Un-break My Heart. Tamar has recently starred as a judge in RuPaul’s Drag Race and won Celebrity Big Brother in 2019. In 2011, the siblings reunited for US reality show Braxton Family Values with their mother. The show ran for seven series and announced an eighth had been commissioned, but it was confirmed to have been cancelled last month. Traci’s final Instagram post was a tribute to her mother on her birthday. Alongside a photo of the mother-daughter duo beaming into the camera, Traci wrote: “Please help me wish my beautiful mother @evelynbraxton a glorious and blessed Birthday... Love You”. In another post, she gushed over her son Kevin Surratt Jr, 26, wishing him happy birthday. “Happy Birthday son @sirkevinjr you are the reason my life goes on. Since birth is been nothing but happiness in my life (sic),” she wrote. “Keep reaching for your dreams and goals. Remember you are a great father son and a husband. Boy your old #26”. When the news of his mother’s death broke, a heartbroken Kevin took to Instagram. READ MORE... Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance  [NEWS]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST]Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [NEWS] He posted a photo of him holding his mum close. “When I heard the news about my mother being sick first thing she said was I’m going to fight and beat this,” he wrote. “She fought to the end and today she’s at peace. I love my mother forever and this hurts so much but I’m at peace knowing she’s isn’t in pain anymore. “I love you ma I’m going to miss you,” he concluded. The Braxton family issued a statement which read: “It is with the utmost regret that we inform you of the passing of our sister, Traci. "Needless to say, she was a bright light, a wonderful daughter, an amazing sister, a loving mother, wife, grandmother and a respected performer. We will miss her dearly.” "Traci passed this morning as the snow was falling, our angel is now a snowflake. "We ask that you respect our privacy as we plan to send her home with love, celebrating her life. We are family forever.”