Paramount Network’s beloved western series Yellowstone, recently came to an end after their season four finale aired in January. Giving viewers some behind the scenes insight, Jefferson White, who played young wrangler Jimmy Hurdstrom, opened up about the injuries which come with the job.  Jimmy was given a second shot at a crime-free life when he began working for John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) on his Montana ranch. Prior to the role, Jimmy was constantly in trouble for stealing and drug dealing, but thankfully his grandfather asked John to give him a job. However, Jimmy was born into chaos as all of his family members were either dead or in prison which just left him with his grandfather. Upon accepting employment at the ranch, Jimmy had to get branded to prove his loyalty to the ranch, something many of the new employees received as an oath. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life  However, as he adjusted to life on the ranch as a wrangler, Jimmy suffered a number of injuries with the horses. Earlier in the series, he wanted to make some extra money so he learned how to rodeo ride, however, this went south after he dangerously fell off the horse and came close to paralysis. Even after recovering, Jimmy decided to ride an untamed horse with no supervision, this also led to a dangerous end after he was flung off and lay on the ground motionless. He was only discovered after there was an attack on members of the Dutton family, where Mia (Eden Brolin) found him among the chaos.  Although the actors truly work with animals on set, thankfully injuries of those measures isn't their reality. During an interview with Deadline, Jimmy star Jefferson White spoke on the potential accidents which could take place on set from riding untamed horses. The actor revealed: “I'm very lucky they keep me very safe. We have the best stunt team in the world and they are very aware of my expectations, so I haven't been hurt yet. “They know exactly when to tap me out and they take great care of me,” he added.  DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [NEWS]Yellowstone season 5: Avery and Kayce romance 'sealed' after clue? [THEORY]Y 1883 Ennis’ star reveals real reason Colton and Elsa romance failed [INSIGHT] In preparation for the western series, many of the cast members were sent to live off the grid and learn how to ride horses. To make their acting as convincing as possible, they took part in a camp, this included Dave Annable who portrayed Lee Dutton in season one. As he had little real-life experience on a horse the camp ensured his role as a cowboy looked believable. After sharing he had “three or four days” of horse riding, Annable told Outsider: “Taylor [Sheridan] really promotes authenticity. I couldn’t be further from being a cowboy.  “So, getting out there and learning how to ride on a horse - it was really just a great life experience.” Thankfully, in the season four opener viewers saw Jimmy was just fine and even after ignoring Johns's advice and ending up unconscious. When he returned to the ranch, Jimmy showed no signs of planning to slow down as he informed John once he recovered, he would be back on a horse. With the confirmation of season five, fans will soon be able to see if Jimmy will finally get the hang of rodeo riding or if he will face yet another hospital visit. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on the Paramount Network in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video in the UK. 