Manchester United's upcoming summer is a vital one. Not only are stars such as Paul Pogba, Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani looking likely to leave, but a new manager is set to come in and take the reins in an attempt to lead the club back to former glories. It is unknown who that may be just yet, but there are stars ready to be sold in a bid to raise funds. Express Sport takes a look at five other players who could be sacrificed over the summer. Harry Maguire Maguire continues to flounder at United, with his performances falling under heavier scrutiny with every passing week. He isn't a bad centre-back at all; he is more than adept at playing his way out of trouble and is a superb leader. However, when compared with the league's other centre-backs who are challenging for the title such as Virgil van Dijk, Ruben Dias and Thiago Silva, they are in another echelon to Maguire. The new manager may opt to cut out Maguire's mistakes and sign a new centre-back who they believe is the answer to their defensive frailties. Marcus Rashford Manchester-born Rashford is another player who has yet to hit the heights expected of him this season. Having been United's poster boy in the last few seasons - namely 2019-20 when he hit 17 in the league - Rashford was expected to move up the gears and become one of the Premier League's best attackers. But his lacklustre performances so far this campaign have seen him hit just five in all competitions for the Red Devils - and with his pedigree still relatively high at the age of just 24, Rangnick could look to sell him to bring in more targets for the new manager. Eric Bailly Bailly only signed a new four-year-contract a year ago; yet many will be questioning why that agreement was sanctioned by United chiefs with the Ivorian only making seven appearances so far this season. Throwing him into his first game of the season in a derby against Manchester City, he was hauled off at half-time after scoring an own goal. And with Raphael Varane, Victor Lindelof and Axel Tuanzebe likely to be ahead of him in the pecking order next season, he could be sold for the benefit of his own career. Dean Henderson Henderson has struggled immensely for game time at United this season Despite his superb stint at Sheffield United two seasons ago, the Cumbrian has yet to cement a first-team spot due to David De Gea's form. And with the Spaniard set to continue for quite some time, a move for Henderson to another Premier League club could well be in the offing. Brandon Williams Williams burst onto the scene in 2019 with a spate of impressive performances at left-back in place of the injured Luke Shaw. The defender has a contract until 2025, meaning he is a sizeable asset for the Red Devils. But some poor form at Norwich means he is unlikely to break through to the first-team anytime soon, and a new replacement could be brought in to properly challenge Shaw.