A tweet that predicted Virat Kohli's exact score and mode of dismissal against Sri Lanka has gone viral. Kohli is playing his 100th Test match for India in Mohali. The hosts ended day one on 357-6 but the wicket of their former skipper is sure to raise a few eyebrows. Batting in his usual position at No 4, Kohli walked to the middle with India 80-2. The 33-year-old looked in good order and reached 45 in quick fashion. But on his 76th delivery, he was bowled by Sri Lanka left-arm spinner Lasith Embuldeniya. On the face of it, it just looks like a normal dismissal. But a tweet from Twitter account @Quick__Single has now gone viral.  That is because the account seemingly predicted exactly how many runs Kohli would score and also how he would get out. The only thing the tweet got wrong was that it predicted Kohli would face 100 balls but he only faced 76. But everything else was spot on, including Kohli's shocked reaction to the fine delivery from Embuldeniya. The tweet was posted at 7.16pm UK time on Thursday, almost nine hours before play began at 4am in the UK. It read: "Kohli Won't score a 100 in his 100th test. Will score 45 (100) with 4 gorgeous cover drives and then Embuldeniya will knock his stumps over and he'll pretend to be shocked and will nod his head in disappointment."  Legendary former Indian opener Virender Sehwag reacted to the tweet, simply writing: "Wow!!!" At the time of publication, the tweet has been retweeted over 9,000 times, quote tweeted over 5,000 and received over 37,000 likes. India enjoyed the better of day one, with wicket-keeper Rishabh Pant lighting up the match with a typically thrilling performance. Pant hit 96 off 97 balls with nine fours and four sixes.  In the lead up to the match, Kohli explained how he never thought he would reach 100 Tests in his career. He told the BCCC: "I honestly never thought that I will play 100 Test matches. It's been a long journey. "Played a lot of cricket over the course of these 100 Test matches, a lot of international cricket. "I am just grateful that I have been able to make it to 100. With the amount of cricket we play in this day and age, God's been kind. I have worked really hard on my fitness. "It's a big moment for me, my family and my coach, who is happy and proud of this Test as long as I am concerned." 