When the Antiques Roadshow team visited Woodhorn Museum in Northumberland they were presented with an eclectic range of treasures. One guest and her granddaughter asked if antiques consultant Adam Schoon could inspect a vintage silver bookmark they owned. But when he valued the unique-looking item, which was manufactured by an esteemed company, they were left open-mouthed. Adam began: "Well you have brought along this small hallmarked silver gadget, what do you think it is?" The guest said she thought it was a page-turner or a page holder for a book. She said: "[Would] the long piece go down the spine of a book and somehow the arms would hold the pages?" The expert said she was "absolutely right" and the bookmark was made by a famous company in London called Sampson Mordan & Co.   READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? He said: "They were brilliant at these small silver objects and it has a brilliant hallmark for SM&Co and it was actually hallmarked in Chester in 1902." "I mean what a great invention," Adam continued while he was inspecting the antique. Sampson Mordon & Co manufactured and retailed many writing and stationery related goods in the 1800s. "There is nothing worse than lying in bed and the pages folding in - it's quite a piece and it tells us so much," he exclaimed.  Adam then asked the guest's granddaughter how much she thought the bookmark was worth, but she smile and admitted she had no idea. "There are not many of these around and if I was putting this in an auction I would anticipate £500 to £800 minimum," he revealed. The pair were left gobsmacked by the staggering valuation before he told them it could even make a little more at auction than £800. Following the valuation and his remark, the stunned guest said: "Really?" DON'T MISS...Caroline Hawley: Does the Bargain Hunt expert have children? [INSIGHT]Antiques Road Trip expert Izzie Balmer makes profit from tobacco tin [MUST SEE]Antiques Roadshow guest stunned by valuation of rare pencil drawing [LATEST] "That's so cool," her granddaughter said while laughing in disbelief. "That's lit your face up," he said to the guest's granddaughter who was still grinning about the valuation. It was not revealed whether the pair sold the bookmark or decided to keep it in the family. According to the Antique Box Guide, Sampson Mordan was born in 1790 and established his own business in 1815 before teaming up with John Isaac Hawkins.  Together they invented the first patented mechanical pencil in 1822. Sampson registered his own silver mark the following year and entered into a partnership with stationer Gabriel Riddle under the name S Mordan & Co where they specialised in stationary related goods. While their partnership dissolved in 1836, Sampson continued the business under the same name. Antiques Roadshow episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 