Experts have stressed the importance of reading and understanding the intricacies of car insurance policies as many drivers may be caught out by very minor things. Something as innocent as commuting to work or starting a new job could cause an inability to claim. In some extreme cases, they could also carry hefty financial penalties and sometimes legal ramifications too. If a driver were to start a new job, it is vital that they tell their insurer as the nature of an occupation has an affect on the price of car insurance. For some jobs, like taxi drivers, food delivery drivers or couriers, they spend more time on the road and are therefore more likely to be involved in a motoring accident. When filling out any insurance policies, it will ask for an estimate of the annual mileage, which needs to be as accurate as possible. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers Miles driven by commuting and leisure activities will provide a “semi accurate” number, but it is best to allow some tolerance for unexpected tips. The change of location in which a driver lives has an effect on their premium for a variety of reasons including crime and traffic density. By changing address and not informing their insurer, they could be getting a cheaper premium and this can invalidate their policy. A spokesperson for LeaseCar.uk said: “It can be easy to gloss over the terms and conditions of many things, especially your car insurance – but this could in fact put you at risk of invalidating it. DON'T MISSNew driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [INSIGHT]What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [WARNING]Thousands sign petition to block 'unacceptable' ULEZ expansion [SHOCKING] “Small changes to your lifestyle may seem trivial but it is important that you notify your insurance provider as to avoid any charges and be fully covered. “There are also things to bear in mind whilst driving to ensure that if the unfortunate occurrence of an accident does occur, you can claim.” Elderly drivers are also being warned as “fronting” can render the car insurance void. Fronting is when parents or older drivers falsely claim they are the main driver of a vehicle when it is in fact a younger, less experienced driver. Although this often makes insurance policies cheaper for young drivers, it is also illegal. Any modifications made by a driver or the previous owner before taking out a policy must be reported to the insurance provider – no matter how small they may be. If the work is yet to be carried out, it is also essential the modifications stay within the legal limit. For example, window tints on side windows must let at least 70 percent of light through, with anymore than this being illegal. Insurance providers must be made aware of any current points on a driving licence, which usually remain for four years. If a road user tries to claim on another person’s insurance and the provider finds out they haven’t declared your points, or an incorrect amount, they can refuse to pay out. LeaseCar added: “Driving penalties increase the perceived risk on the road, so it’s best to think twice before trying to get a cheap quote.”