A memorial service was held on Tuesday for the late Duke of Edinburgh. The Duke, who passed away in April 2021, was two months shy of his 100th birthday. The service was attended by almost 2,000 guests but Prince Harry, who currently resides in the US with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children, decided against attending. His absence did not go unnoticed, in particular by an ex-bodyguard of Prince Philip, who has voiced his opinion over Prince Harry's latest royal snub. Speaking on Australia's popular morning show, Sunrise, royal commentator Angela Mollard discussed the ex-bodyguard's comments regarding Prince Harry's "no-show" at the memorial. She said: "One of Prince Philip's former bodyguards has come out and said it was 'very poor form' for him to not turn up at the memorial. "You have to imagine in years to come with so many of the royal family and so many great-grandchildren, Charlotte and George were there and they are only eight and six." Ms Mollard added it would have been "so important to the Queen to have her family there". She concludes by saying that it is somewhat of an "insult to her" that Harry decided not to turn up. READ MORE: Prince Andrew’s appearance ’not ruled out’ at Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations The Duke's former bodyguard, Richard Griffin, claimed Prince Harry's security concerns were a "pathetic excuse." He told Sky News: "That was a big disappointment for everybody. "Certainly around where I was they thought he should have been here. "All this nonsense about he couldn't get protection, as far as I'm concerned that was a pathetic excuse, he should have been here to honor his grandfather." READ MORE: Lady Louise Windsor was 'very close' to the Queen and Duke - 'Philip must have loved it' Mr Griffin added: "At the end of the day, if he was that worried about security he could have stuck with his brother and father who have got wonderful security. He would have been more than safe." Neither the Duke nor the Duchess of Sussex released any statement ahead of the memorial service. Despite no official statement being released, the reason noted for Harry's absence was down to his security concerns. The Duke is in dispute with the British Government over security concerns. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] He has previously said that it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without having police protection officers present. Prince Harry did travel back to the UK for Prince Philip's funeral last April. This visit was made alone, without his family. His wife, Meghan, was pregnant with their second child, Lilibet at the time of the funeral. The funeral was held during the UK's third Covid lockdown and this meant that only 30 people were allowed to attend. Despite past fears that she may not attend the memorial due to ongoing health problems, the Queen arrived accompanied by her and the Duke's second son, Prince Andrew. The monarch, who will celebrate her 96th birthday next month, only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Other attendees included Prince Charles, Charles' wife Camilla, and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The Cambridges' were joined at the service by their two eldest children, Prince George, and Princess Charlotte.