Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) and Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) face a nail-biting final seven episodes of Ozark as they try to escape the deadly clutches of the cartel once and for all. With the second part of season four set to drop on Netflix on April 29, no one appears safe, with Ruth Langmore (Julia Garner) on the warpath to kill cartel lieutenant Javi Elizondo (Alfonso Herrera) and the aftermath of the Byrde family’s car crash still to be resolved. However, arguably one of the biggest cliffhangers from the first seven episodes of Ozark season four surrounds cartel boss Omar Navarro (Felix Solis). After plotting a deal with the FBI in order to leave his spot at the top of the criminal organisation behind him, everything was thrown out of the window when agent Maya Miller (Jessica Frances Dukes) saw the terms unfit. After all, Maya had been working tirelessly for years analysing and surveying the Byrdes in order to - what she thought would be - to bring Omar down and exact justice on the murderous drug lord. So when she discovered the FBI would cut Omar a deal that would see him return to the cartel as an informant in exchange for a lenient sentence down the line, she took matters into her own hands. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Charlotte 'foreshadowed' Marty and Wendy death? Maya went rogue and had Omar arrested, throwing his deal with the FBI out the window and resulting in the Byrdes using Javi as a new pawn in their deal to save their own skin and keep both sides happy. Javi’s already abused this newfound protection from the FBI, however, having killed Darlene Snell (Lisa Emery) and Wyatt Langmore (Charlie Tahan). Ruth looks the most likely to kill Javi to avenge her cousin but a new theory has emerged among the Ozark fandom that may suggest Omar will be the one to pull the trigger. And there’s quite the basis for the prediction as one fan touched on Omar’s cold-bloodedness when it came to the sacrifice of Wendy’s brother, Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey). On Reddit, user @TheTruckWashChannel suggested: “Not sure if they addressed this in the show, but if Javi is such a liability to the cartel, why doesn't Navarro just get rid of him? “Sure Javi is family but Navarro expected the same of the Byrdes with Ben, and he should have the stomach for it himself. “Especially if he was able to grow his cartel to the second-largest in Mexico - one doesn't get that far without being ruthless.” There’s seemingly plenty of evidence to suggest Omar could go through with such a feat - none least his emotionless reaction to a distraught Wendy when she sacrificed her own sibling. DON'T MISS:Ozark’s Omar Navarro star lines up huge new role ahead of Netflix exitOzark season 4: Real reason Wyatt decided to marry Darlene exposedOzark season 4: Ruth and Frank Jr romance 'sealed' as star drops clue? He also refused to budge when it came to killing the cartel’s trusted lawyer and long-time confidant Helen Pierce (Janet McTeer). So now with Omar presumably desperate heading into the final seven episodes, will he follow his own track record and kill his own nephew? It’s a theory which has divided the fandom, with fellow Redditor @Lily_Of_The_Valley arguing why he wouldn’t: “Because they share the same blood. They’re family!” And @redflagsnbutterfiles suggested: “He needs someone to hand off the Cartel to when he ‘retires’. “That way, he isn’t the one that destroys it-as I’m sure he thinks would happen with Javi in charge. He probably figures even if the Byrdes don’t kill him, someone else will and his hands are clean.” While @bravefacedude tipped: “I think Javi has some supporters in The Cartel and Navarro knows many of his own supporters might not feel comfortable if he is willing to kill his own family.” Fans will have to wait until April 29 to find out for sure just how Omar and Javi’s storylines end. But will it be with both meeting a gruesome demise, the pair making it out alive, or will one outlive the other? Ozark season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on Friday, April 29.