Strictly Come Dancing professional Dianne Buswell, 32, and her partner Joe Sugg, 30, have fuelled marriage rumours with a series of adorable photographs from their trip to Dianne’s native Australia. The couple have spent the best part of a month in Perth where they visited Dianne’s family and friends. As their time Down Under came to an end, Joe marked the occasion with a selection of snaps which featured the couple against the backdrop of some of the stunning scenery they had explored. The first photo was of the couple looking loved up as they hugged in front of some greenery. The Strictly runner-up also added some shots of them larking about behind some bushes and him climbing a tree. READ MORE:ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home The final photo was of Joe’s left hand, and although he was not wearing a ring, some of his 5.8m followers seemed to think it was a hint that an engagement was imminent. Faz said: “I’m expecting an engagement announcement sometime soon to be honest.” Tammy wrote: “I was thinking the same thing! They just look like they should be together forever! Their faces show that they are so good for each other.” Lyndsay added: “Should have put a ring on it.” And Lin asked: “Have you proposed yet?” Dianne and Joe became an item after they competed together on Strictly Come Dancing in 2018. The pair made it all the way to the final before losing out to Stacey Dooley and Kevin Clifton. Since then, the couple have been going from strength to strength and even bought a house together in February last year DON'T MISS'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin[INSIGHT]'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[NEWS] They have not ruled out the possibility of marriage and Dianne even teased fans with the prospect when she tested out an Instagram filter last January. The filter was designed to predict what the new year would bring and the dancer was stunned when her result landed on “Happily Married”. Shocked, Dianne called “Joseph!” before bursting out laughing. Speaking previously about the couple’s marriage plans, Dianne said they “don’t really talk” about it. She explained to HELLO! last January: “I'm quite an unorganised person actually, Joe and I don't really talk about that kind of thing. “We're both so relaxed so we just play it by ear. “We really enjoy each other's company so much and whatever happens, happens." Representatives for Joe and Dianne have been contacted for comment.