Former Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has named five reasons why he thinks players would rather sign for his old team than north London rivals Arsenal. Spurs and Arsenal are competing for fourth spot in the Premier League this season. The talkSPORT pundit says the club's stadium and training ground are better than Arsenal's, as well as the manager and star players. O'Hara was on air alongside former Chelsea and Spurs defender Jason Cundy on Wednesday evening. The subject was brought up by O'Hara. He asked Cundy: "Arsenal or Tottenham going for the same player, where does he go?". Cundy sat on the fence, replying: "Well there's not an outstanding candidate is there?" But O'Hara answered his own question in a convincing fashion. READ MORE: Erling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs  He responded: "Well it's Tottenham. If it's Tottenham or Arsenal you're going Tottenham. "Over Arsenal because one: Tottenham have got an incredible stadium, better stadium, best stadium in the world. Best training ground in the world, one of. "One of the best managers in the world. Best striker in the world [Harry Kane]. One of the best left wingers in the world [Heung-min Son]." DON'T MISSNewcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level [TRANSFERS]Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland transfer [QUOTES]Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee [REPORT]  Cundy jokingly interrupted, poking fun at Spurs' inability to get over the line in cup competitions in recent seasons. Cundy said: "Biggest bottlers in the world." O'Hara continued by reaffirming his opinion that Spurs is currently the better club to join out of the two. He continued: "So if you're looking at a football club that you'd go to, you'd go to Tottenham. "Why would you go to Arsenal? Unless you're like Ben White from Brighton."  Tottenham have finished above the Gunners every season since the 2016/17 campaign. Arsenal have not qualified for the Champions League in that time but are aiming to put an end to that run this term.  Including Ryan Mason as an interim, Spurs have had four different managers in the last 12 months. Arsenal, meanwhile, have stuck by Mikel Arteta despite a poor start to the season which saw them lose their first three matches. Both teams will finish the campaign without a trophy, with Spurs' wait for major silverware set to extend to 15 years. But O'Hara still thinks if a player has a choice between joining Tottenham or Arsenal, they would move to the white half of north London. Meanwhile, the rearranged north London derby between Tottenham and Arsenal is set to be played in the week beginning May 9.   Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here