Celebrity Gogglebox star Rob Rinder has opened up on whether popular Channel 4 show Celebrity Gogglebox "authentically" represents his relationship with ITV newsreader Susanna Reid. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the Judge Rinder star, 43, who has appeared on the programme alongside his close friend, Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid, revealed that the funniest behind-the-scenes moments weren't shown on camera. Addressing whether the show is a true representation of their friendship, the legal expert explained how the programme is edited. Rob said: "We're completely authentic but you're conscious of the fact there's a camera there. "You didn't really see what we consider to be the funniest bits of us. "Just the stuff that we would actually chat about, it's like the stuff you think would be most interesting, but would be utterly dull to anybody else," he added. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash The GMB newsreader and the barrister have a friendship spanning almost a decade. Last year, Robert joined the mother-of-three on the Good Morning Britain desk following the departure of host Piers Morgan. Reflecting on his friendship with the former BBC Breakfast presenter, Robert told how they hit it off straight away while meeting for work. Rob said: "It was just a random series of events, she asked me the cleverest question that I've ever been asked in any interview. "I remember that, I don't remember what the question was, but I just thought, 'Oh, God, that's so clever.' "It's like a type of, we used to call it the ring fencing type of thing. "Like how one of my heroes at the bar might ask a witness not yet on the ropes in a cross examination," he explained. He went on to tell how they pursued a friendship off-screen, before gushing over his co-star's talents. DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [INSIGHT]Ricky Gervais battles woke cancel culture with controversial new show [ANALYSIS]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss [UPDATE] Rob continued: "It's one of those things, telly is not a space for great depth or emotional authenticity, we just realised we sort of like the same things and move forward from that." He added that presenting with Susanna "lifts the game", explaining that she makes things "easier" for him in his presenting role. "My first thoughts when I sat down next to Susanna as, you know, a friend, was how good she is at what she does," Rob divulged. "It takes a lot of talent, a lot of incredible emotional intellectual range to make it look that effortless, and boy does she. "And so it's much easier to be sitting alongside Susanna because it just makes the whole thing," he confessed. The Judge Rinder star also spoke about his work with Patient Claim Line to investigate what happens when a medical negligence claim is made against the NHS and how it can improve processes for other patients. Speaking about the process of making a claim, Rob said: "It's about our shared provider, making sure and ensuring that it delivers best practice. "And when it falls dangerously short, not just ensuring the NHS is held to account, but that the individual is properly remunerated for their injury to be sure, but also to protect, to serve and to defend the NHS to make sure it keeps its standards up. "But what I’ve learned is that these actions can improve treatment and ensure the safety of patients in the future. Ultimately, improving services for all of us," he added. You can contact Patient Claim Line here. Celebrity Gogglebox is on tonight at 9pm on Channel 4.