Last week, Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet country despite weeks of negotiations and threats of sanctions from the West. However, Putin's efforts to take the nation swiftly have failed. Now, amid fears Putin could trigger a nuclear war, Mr Cummings has urged Mr Johnson and Mr Biden to follow the actions of Dwight D Eisenhower when Russia invaded Hungary in 1956. The former aide to Mr Johnson tweeted: "When Russia invaded Hungary in 1956, Eisenhower didn't babble about 'Munich' & start a nuclear war. "The West had a patient long-term strategy for containment, deterrence & ultimately bankrupting the regime. "Not twitter-hysteria friendly but that's what's needed." As of Sunday night, Ukraine's interior ministry reported 352 civilian deaths, including 14 children. Overnight, at least 11 people were killed by Russian rocket attacks on the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv, according to Ukrainian officials. More than 500,000 people have fled the country since the invasion, another UN official said on Monday – among the millions who have left their homes. Putin's mental state was brought into question with one of his former close colleagues suggested he is "increasingly going mad". READ MORE: GB News backlash over rise in Ukrainian food costs Concerns for Putin's mental health are particularly relevant as the Russian leader has his finger on the nuclear trigger. However, British defence minister Ben Wallace said he does not expect Putin to use nuclear weapons in his pursuit of Ukraine. Mr Wallace told Times Radio: "We should be worried that a state like Russia believes that the rules don't apply to them, whether that is invading Ukraine or using nerve agent in Salisbury, but fundamentally a deterrent is what it is, a deterrent. "As much as he might be ambitious for Ukraine, I don't think he wants to go into that space." DON'T MISS Abramovich 'considering selling' Chelsea with three bidders ready [INSIGHT] Putin nightmare: Ukrainian army captures Russian rocket launcher [REVEAL] Sick Putin plot to starve Ukraine in bid to win war [COMMENT] Former US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who served under President George W. Bush, called Putin’s recent behavior "erratic." She said on Sunday: "I met with him many times, and this is a different Putin. "He was always calculating and cold, but this is different. "He seems erratic. "There is an ever deepening, delusional rendering of history." On Monday, officials from Moscow and Kyiv attended the talks which Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky hoped would establish a ceasefire and get Russia to withdraw forces. The talks were held on the border with Russia's strongest ally Belarus. But a convoy of military vehicles was seen heading east in what looked like preparation to join the Russian invasion. UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres described Mr Putin's decision to put Russia's nuclear deterrent on high alert as a "chilling development," He told the General Assembly that nuclear conflict is "inconceivable." Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Russia must call a halt to bombing Ukrainian cities before meaningful talks on a ceasefire could start. Speaking in an interview in a heavily guarded government compound, he urged NATO members to impose a no fly zone to stop the Russian airforce. He said it was a preventative measure and not meant to drag the alliance into war with Russia.