It looks unlikely to be resolved any time soon and the final outcome remains unclear, but the fact FSG still haven't buckled to Mohamed Salah's wage demands deserves to be praised in an age where football clubs are all too keen to break their wage structure which, time and time again, has proven to break up the dressing room. Not only have Liverpool fans been calling for FSG to "pay Salah what he wants" but former and even current players have also chimed in. Just this week, Bayern Munich's Alphonso Davies said on stream that Liverpool should stump up the cash to tie Salah down to a new deal. It seems simple on paper. Salah is the main man at Liverpool and he's regarded as one of the best talents in world football. Why not match his performance with a salary level with others such as Kevin De Bruyne? But it's much more complicated when looking at Liverpool's successful business model ever since Jurgen Klopp took charge. While clubs such as Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City seemingly have an endless pot of money they can throw at world-class players, Liverpool have instead created their own superstars under Klopp's guideship. A large part of that success can also be linked to the wage structure in place at the club with all the top players earning around the same figures. Fabinho, Alisson, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson and Jordan Henderson all signed new long-term deals last summer with not too much discrepancy in the figures. JUST IN: Arsenal vs Liverpool pitch invader handcuffs himself to goalpost  There has been a real sense of togetherness at Anfield which has worked wonders on the pitch and there would be a huge risk of that being immediately broken up should Salah's reported demands of £400,000-a-week wages be met. If Salah does get what he reportedly wants, the Egyptian will earn almost double the club's second-highest earner Van Dijk, who is on wages in the region of £220,000-a-week. Some will argue that comes with the territory of wanting to be a club capable of challenging on all four fronts on a constant basis. And keeping players such as Salah may well be paramount to Liverpool maintaining their place towards the top of the Premier League. Letting the 29-year-old walk away this summer to a direct rival would be seen as criminal, but where does he go? Real Madrid, Barcelona and Manchester City are locked in a battle for Erling Haaland and Kylian Mbappe. DON'T MISS  Liverpool fans need only look at business conducted by both Arsenal and United in recent years to understand the damage that can be caused by chucking big money around. Paul Pogba has been earning in the region of £300,000-a-week and has failed to live up to expectations. Then there's those who have come and gone at United since Sir Alex Ferguson retired with United too happy to spend big money in the transfer market. Arsenal repeated their Mesut Ozil mistake with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as the Gabon international's form quickly tailed off after signing his bumper new deal before being forced out of the club by Mikel Arteta. The Gunners are now back on track, but United are still a mess with some calling for a complete overhaul behind the scenes. Liverpool are far and beyond that stage because of their structured wage bill and FSG deserve credit for sticking to a formula which has continued to work for the club over the years. If Salah walks then so be it is seemingly the attitude from FSG and that confidence is commendable in the belief that they can cope without him. Liverpool have replaced superstars in the past and somehow improved even further. FSG have that track record to fall back on when discussing Salah's contract and the trust in their own system that it's a business model that works wonders.