CBS' hit procedural series NCIS provided viewers with an insight into the high profile criminal cases investigated by the agents of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service. With viewers well into season 19, they will soon see the return of Agent Fornell (played by Joe Spano) in the upcoming episodes.   After making his first appearance in the pilot episode, Agent Fornell became a fan-favourite throughout the years. In season 15, he was fired from the FBI after a testimony given by former Special Agent in Charge Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon). Despite this, their friendship eventually got back on track when Gibbs turned to Fornell when his daughter's life was in danger. However, after a traumatic season 18, he said goodbye to the series. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump But thankfully for fans, Fornell will finally be making a comeback. TV Lines' Matt received an inside scoop about the upcoming episodes of NCIS which confirmed Spano's return. It read:" When I spoke to Brian Dietzen, he said we will 'definitely' see Joe Spano again this season as Fornell." Although he wasn't a regular cast member, his appearances often left fans excited as it meant his investigative skills would resolve a challenging case.  However, things are likely to be different with Gibbs' exit as the two were good friends and Fornell would return whenever he needed him. The two also shared an unfamiliar connection as they had both been married to criminal investigator Diane Sterling (Melinda McGraw). Diane and Fornell even shared a daughter Emily Fornell (Juliette Angela), who was killed off in season 18. Throughout the years, she had battled with drug addiction and suffered an overdose which she died from in the episode titled 'Winter Chill'. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]NCIS’ Jimmy star pays tribute to surprise returning co-star [INSIGHT]NCIS season 19: viewers praise Jimmy Palmer star for milestone episode [INSIGHT] Emily's death also left a huge hole in Gibbs, who she considered a second father. Fornell, who turned into a private investigator, made his last appearance in the episode titled 'Nearly Departed'. In the tense episode, when the team were trying to find the serial killer Gibbs was after, he had also decided to tackle grief head-on by attending a support group with Dr Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen). Jimmy also suffered an immeasurable loss in season 18 after his wife Breena Palmer (Michelle Pierce) died from COVID-19. 