Manchester United defender Luke Shaw has been criticised for suggesting he doesn't feel as appreciated at Old Trafford as he does whilst representing England. On Saturday, the 26-year-old joined Paul Pogba in speaking negatively about United's current woes on international duty. Shaw scored England's equaliser in the 2-1 comeback win against Switzerland at Wembley Stadium last weekend. With Ben Chilwell still injured and Gareth Southgate calling upon previously uncapped Tyrick Mitchell for his latest England squad, the left-back somewhat started by default. He has endured a difficult season at club level, with United recording a fifth successive campaign with no silverware and battling to maintain their Champions League status. But after full-time at Wembley, Shaw put his reinvigorated form for his country down to 'feeling wanted' and 'enjoyment'. He said: "It is always important to feel like you are wanted. I think, especially here, I always feel that. I am not saying I don't at United, but especially here, the way things are, I feel wanted, and I enjoy my football. A big part of football is the enjoyment. JUST IN: Emile Smith Rowe 'looks disgusted' as England train at Tottenham  "Of course, it is hard to enjoy when we are losing and not playing well at club level. We have to face that, and, of course, this season it has not been good enough, so it is hard to enjoy." Ex-United star Paul Parker has slammed Shaw for his comments, labelling him 'smug' for using international duty to publicise some home truths about his club-level situation. "Shaw's comments were wrong, if I'm being honest," Parker told Betfred. "Everyone would have seen that as smug and a dig about what's going on at Manchester United. When you look at his situation, then you can come out and say that he's not playing for United as he hasn't been consistently good enough. READ MORE: Arsenal icon Paul Merson feared Odegaard saw team like 'Jonathan Ross'  The 57-year-old added: "Going back a bit, but if you weren't playing for your club team then you were never going to play for your international team. He's a fortunate player, and he shouldn't be using England to make a dig at people at Manchester United." Shaw was firmly United's first-choice left-back under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, but Ralf Rangnick has favoured Alex Telles since taking charge. However, he will hope another strong performance against the Ivory Coast in tonight's friendly at Wembley will put him in good stead to regain a starting berth for the season run-in. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.