Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta has admitted that the situation around Roman Abramovich has distracted the players ahead of Thursday night’s match against Norwich. The Blues play the Premier League’s bottom side at Carrow Road on the same day that the UK government announced its decision to freeze Abramovich’s assets.     Chelsea have been rocked by the news to sanction Abramovich, which came as part of wider efforts to target the money of Russian oligarchs following the invasion of Ukraine. The European champions are still reeling from the decision, which means they cannot currently sell match tickets, buy or sell players, or offer new contracts. Chelsea said in a statement they "intend to engage in discussions" with the government and will seek amendments to the special licence to "allow the club to operate as normal as possible", but for now many aspects are up in the air. That feeling of uncertainty and confusion has seeped into the preparations for the Premier League game against Norwich, according to Azpilicueta. "I have to admit that this has not been a normal day,” he told Premier League Productions at Carrow Road.  JUST IN: Tuchel makes decision on leaving Chelsea as Man Utd show interest “We cannot control this matter. We come here and we're focused on the game and we know we have to fight for the three points. “We have to forget about the stuff that is happening outside." Abramovich had been seeking to sell Chelsea following an increase in scrutiny around his ownership of the club. DON'T MISS Simeone sends message to Atleti chiefs about Lukaku amid Chelsea woes Chelsea break silence on Roman Abramovich as they explain plan Man Utd urged to steal Thomas Tuchel from Chelsea by Jamie Carragher  But Thursday’s announcement has scuppered his plans and forced Thomas Tuchel and his players to continue operating under a cloud of confusion. Although Chelsea are able to pay the wages of all employees, they are under several financial restrictions, while shirt sponsor Three have also announced their decision to suspend their relationship with the club. Chelsea cannot exceed expenses of £20,000 per game per team for away fixtures and will only be watched by season ticket holders, as they can no longer sell normal match tickets. "Chelsea Football Club has been advised that its owner Roman Abramovich has been sanctioned by the UK government," the club said in a statement.  "By virtue of his 100 per cent ownership of Chelsea FC plc and affiliated entities, Chelsea FC would normally be subject to the same sanctions regime as Mr Abramovich. "However, the UK Government has issued a general licence that permits Chelsea FC to continue certain activities. "We will fulfil our men’s and women’s team fixtures today against Norwich and West Ham, respectively, and intend to engage in discussions with the UK Government regarding the scope of the licence. "This will include seeking permission for the licence to be amended in order to allow the club to operate as normal as possible. "We will also be seeking guidance from the UK Government on the impact of these measures on the Chelsea Foundation and its important work in our communities. "The club will update further when it is appropriate to do so." 