Ibuprofen and paracetamol are two of the most commonly used over-the-counter painkillers, but there is often confusion about how to take them. While these medicines are deemed safe enough to be used without a prescription, it doesn’t always mean they should be used in conjunction with one another. Whether you’re looking to banish aches, pains or a high temperature, this is everything you need to know about mixing paracetamol and ibuprofen. Over the counter painkillers can be categorised into two main groups known as acetaminophen (Tylenol) and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). While paracetamol and ibuprofen are both used to treat generic pain, the two fall into separate categories in terms of the medicinal purpose. According to the NHS, paracetamol is used to treat aches and pain and can also be used to reduce a high temperature, while ibuprofen is best used to treat aches, pains and reduce inflammation. Both OTC drugs are effective at providing pain relief on their own, but how safe is it to combine the two together? READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: The feeling in your body that could be a sign Most people can take both painkillers safely, though there are a few groups such as epileptics and those with heart, liver and kidney problems who should consult their GP or pharmacist before taking these common medicines. In terms of taking them together, NHS advice clearly states that it is generally safe to combine both paracetamol and ibuprofen if you are 16 or over. The NHS said: “It is safe to take paracetamol with other types of painkillers that don't contain paracetamol, such as ibuprofen, aspirin and codeine. “Do not take paracetamol alongside other medicines that contain paracetamol. “If you take two different medicines that contain paracetamol, there's a risk of overdose.” To safely use both paracetamol and ibuprofen as pain relief, you can either take both tablets at the same time, or spaced apart. Adults can take a maximum of four doses (up to eight 500mg tablets in total) in 24 hours, though you should wait at least four hours between each dose. Adults can also usually take one or two 200mg tablets of ibuprofen every four to six hours, but shouldn't take more than 1,200mg (six 200mg) tablets in the space of 24 hours. Paracetamol takes up to one hour to work while ibuprofen can take effect in as little as 20-30 minutes, so it is often best to take the two at the same time. DON'T MISS:Four drinks that could make supplements and antibiotics ineffective [EXPERT]Angela Lansbury health: Star, 96, reveals secrets to youth [REVEAL]Four best vitamins for better skin - easy ways to get healthier skin [INSIGHT] Most adults and young people can take ibuprofen, but there are a number of groups who should stick to paracetamol instead. According to the NHS, you should not take ibuprofen by mouth or apply it to your skin if you: You should speak to a pharmacist or doctor before taking oral forms of ibuprofen if you: Currently have shingles or chickenpox Most people, even pregnant and breastfeeding women can safely use paracetamol for pain relief. While this common drug is generally safe, the following groups should consult a doctor or pharmacist before taking paracetamol: Overdosing on both paracetamol or ibuprofen can cause serious side effects, so you should never attempt to increase the recommended dose or double your dose for more severe pain.