F1 'pulled the tail on the tiger' by denying Lewis Hamilton a record-breaking eighth world title in December, according to former driver Karun Chandhok. Late controversy under a safety car helped Max Verstappen win the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix and win his maiden drivers' championship last season. Hamilton had dominated the race at the Yas Marina Circuit and entered the final few laps on course to complete a late comeback and crush Verstappen's title hopes. But after Nicolas Lafiti's late crash, the GP and 2021 season were expected to end under safety car procedures before then-F1 race director Michael Masi allowed one final lap of racing. The decision, prompting uproar from Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff over the radio, played in Verstappen's favour after the 24-year-old fitted fresh tyres moments earlier. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shares doubts over Formula 1 career He overtook Hamilton with seconds to spare to make history at the climax of one of the most incredible F1 title fights of all time. Masi's decision-making was widely criticised and led to the FIA relieving him of his duties last month, potentially contributing to Hamilton's return to the grid. And Chandhok believes the events in the Middle East will only fuel Hamilton's desire to defeat Verstappen and make more of his own history in the sport. He told Sky Sports F1: "One of two things was going to happen. Either Lewis was going to get disillusioned with the sport, or you'll pull the tail on the tiger. I suspect we've got the latter." READ MORE: Red Bull make Verstappen demand despite Lewis Hamilton admission Hamilton's future was up in the air after his heartbreak in Abu Dhabi, and a prolonged social media silence only added fuel to the fire. But the 37-year-old is raring to go in 2022 and has suggested his late-season form last year was just a taster of what he has to offer this time around. Hamilton said: "If you think what you saw at the end of last year was my best, wait until you see this year." And Sky Sports F1 analyst Anthony Davidson believes Hamilton will enter the new season wanting to 'destroy' Verstappen on the track. "When Lewis Hamilton comes out with a sentence like that, you have to take notice. He sure is fired up to win this thing once and for all and I think he'll be hard to beat," Davidson explained. "He's certainly coming into this season with a very bullish mentality. There will be nothing more than Lewis wants from this season than to destroy Max Verstappen. "Let's not beat around a bush. He feels absolutely robbed as to what happened last year in Abu Dhabi, he wants to come out with a dominant car, and he doesn't even want to see Max on track, I'm sure. "He just wants to show him a clean pair of heels, disappear off into the distance and win his eighth world championship."