Last week, the Queen pulled out of the Commonwealth Day service after fears grew for her "comfort" during the trip and having to sit in Westminster Abbey for more than an hour. On Tuesday, she is determined to attend her late husband, Prince Philip, The Duke of Edinburgh's memorial. The Queen has previously ruled out the idea of using a wheelchair to get to and from the stage and remains determined to walk for as long as possible. Former politician and writer Gyles Brandreth and royal expert Camilla Tominey gave their opinions on the Queen's wishes, not to be seen in a wheelchair. Joining This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Josie Gibson, they discussed the idea of the Queen arriving at the memorial in a wheelchair. Gyles began: "The Queen is 96, that is the thing to remember, a 96-year-old lady, amazingly fit by the standards of many 96 years olds. "She is extraordinary, she is a little bit less mobile than she used to be that is as simple as that also she doesn't like the idea of being seen in public and in a wheelchair. "Her sister Princess Margaret was often towards the end of her life photographed in a wheelchair, and it felt a little bit undignified." READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps Phillip interrupted: "The Queen hated that picture, didn't she?" Gyles continued: "The Queen allegedly hated that picture. The Duke of Edinburgh was very proud of his excellent posture. "He exercised everyday right to the end, and the Queen likes that idea, so she doesn't want to be photographed in a wheelchair. "She has got this service taking place next week to remember Prince Philip, her husband of more than 70 years, she would love to, of course, be there. "The hope is that she can be slipped into Westminster Abby by a side door out of the view of photographers and in position. "Then can be photographed and seen there, but we don't want to see her having difficulty getting to and from her car," he explained. Camilla added: "I think that there will be discussions taking place between newspaper editors and the palace with the view of not having the typical, because what you obviously always have it arrival shots of everyone getting out of their cars walking to the Abbey. "You have them because it is the only opportunity to get a full-length image so particularly with the Cambridges, and then you would have photographs inside. DON'T MISS...Gyles Brandreth claims Queen is 'undignified' for using wheelchair [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch 'needs to accept' she's struggling [LATEST]Queen 'having issues moving around' - doubt over Phillip memorial [WATCH] "It wouldn't surprise me at all if they put the Queen in situ and have an arrangement to have her photographed in her seat. "Also, she won't be getting up, sitting down again to sing hymns, she is going to be as comfortable as possible and then get her out of there," she concluded. Long term friend of the Queen, Christopher Biggins, recently gave his view on her health and understood she is largely confined to a wheelchair. Speaking on GB News Monday morning, he revealed: "I have heard that the reason she’s not doing a lot of the events that she should be doing and cancelling them is because she is in a wheelchair. “She doesn’t want to be seen, she’s very proud. She’s our greatest ever monarch. It’s so very sad, and I hope she is able to make her anniversary celebrations.” Host Eamonn Holmes asked whether she was comparing herself to her sister Margaret, where he said it was "embarrassing" for her. Christopher also responded to reports the Queen is having a wheelchair-friendly lift installed in Balmoral Gardens. Christopher said: "Everyone I know is putting in lifts, you can fit a lift very, very cheaply if you have the space, two flights of stairs for me now is quite soething.” This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.