 Coronation Street fans have been keeping a close eye on Tyrone Dobbs (played by Alan Halsall) in recent weeks as they’ve watched him struggle to process Fiz Stape’s (Jennie McAlpine) plans to move away from the street. Fiz is soon set to moves into a new house with her boyfriend Phill Whittaker (Jamie Kenna). However, according to official ITV soap spoilers, Tyrone’s heartache will soon become too much and he’ll confess to Fiz just how much he misses her.    In upcoming scenes on Coronation Street, Tyrone will admit his feelings as Fiz prepares to leave. While Fiz starts to pack-up her belongings into the van she opens up to Tyrone. Fiz airs her concerns and confesses she is worried she may be making a big mistake. Wanting what is best for Fiz, Tyrone tells her she deserves a fresh start in a big house with a garden for the girls. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air  As he waves her off, Tyrone’s smile masks the heartache he’s enduring. Later on in the factory, Beth Sutherland (Lisa George) and Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) delight as they gently rib Fiz. They chat all about her new house and how she seems to have finally landed on her feet. Fiz does her best to appear enthusiastic about the big move.    However, later on Fiz takes a trip to the garage to speak to Tyrone. Opening up to Fiz, Tyrone finally admits how much he misses her and the girls. How will Fiz react to the emotional confession from her ex? Regular viewers will know there’s a great deal of history between Fiz and Tyrone. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan's new show 'Uncensored' set to launch next month [UPDATE]All Creatures Great and Small boss describes ‘scary’ pigs on set [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid asks Zahawi 'Have you seen the impact on state schools?' [WATCH]  The duo were once a couple and formed a family with Fiz's daughter Hope and Tyrone’s daughter Ruby. However, their romance came crashing down in 2021 as Tyrone strayed away from their relationship. The mechanic fell for a younger woman named Alina Pop (Ruxandra Porojnicu). Fiz was left heartbroken as Tyrone moved on without her.   However, having seen Fiz’s new relationship with Phill grow stronger over the past year, Tyrone has realised just how much he misses her. It’s clear Tyrone is longing for a return to their idyllic family life. Will Fiz and Tyrone get back together as he finally admits his true feelings or has he left it too late? Viewers will have to tune in to find out if the former couple are able to rekindle their love for one another. Coronation Street continues Wednesday at 8pm on ITV. 