 Motorists can apply to stop paying for vehicle tax from April 1, 2021, if the historic vehicle was built before January 1, 1981. If drivers do not know when the vehicle was built, but it was first registered before January 8, 1981, they can still apply to stop paying vehicle tax.  For example, a vehicle registered in February 1982 will be eligible to tax as a historic vehicle from April 1, 2023. This exemption is rolling, so from 2022, the dates will change to include those cars registered in 1982. Despite this, drivers must tax their vehicle even if the rate of tax is £0, and they must insure it every year. By law, drivers must have a minimum of third-party insurance that covers their use of the vehicle on the public road. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’  Vehicles will not be exempt from tax if it is used for hire or reward or if it’s used commercially for a trade or business. This includes cars, vans, motorcycles, tricycles, as well as large vehicles, buses and specialist vehicles. The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) requires classic car owners to look over the INF34 form to ensure they are dealing with their vehicle correctly. The DVLA recently updated this form on how to tax a vehicle in the historic vehicle tax class. DON'T MISSDrivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [SHOCKING]Cheapest place to buy petrol 'to avoid worst fuel price hikes' [ANALYSIS]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]  About two weeks before the car tax runs out, the DVLA will send a driver a “Vehicle tax reminder”, also known as a V11 notice. Drivers can tax their classic car at a post office branch that deals with vehicle tax. They will need the V5C vehicle registration certificate in the owner's name showing that the vehicle was made, or manufactured, before 1 January more than 40 years ago. The car will also need an appropriate test certificate, such as an MOT certificate, if needed by law.  The DVLA states: “If you do not have a V5C you will need an application for a vehicle registration certificate (V62). “If the vehicle is not registered you will need an application for first vehicle tax and registration of a used motor vehicle (V55/5). “If you think the age shown is incorrect, you need to provide an extract from the manufacturer or factory record, or from the appropriate ‘Glass’s Check Book’ that specifically links to your vehicle’s original identity. “This must be supported by a covering letter from the relevant vehicle owner’s or enthusiast club (do not contact Glass’s directly as they do not provide this service).  “Dating certificates from a vehicle enthusiasts club are not acceptable to change the date of manufacture for an already registered vehicle.” Owners of historic vehicles benefit from fewer ownership costs as they do not have to pay tax and are exempt from annual MOT testing. Driving a car in an unroadworthy state is still an offence that can land you with heavy fines. As a result of this, many historic car owners continue to take their cars for an MOT to ensure that they are still good to drive. According to the Federation of British Historic Vehicle Clubs (FBHVC), the classic car industry in the UK is said to be worth around £4billion per year to the economy.