Good Morning Britain viewers had to sit idly by as presenter Adil Ray and Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab engaged in heated words over the current state of immigration due to the war between Russia and Ukraine. Raab called out the morning host for not letting him finish his answers when he was asked about what the UK was doing to help refugees. The altercation between the host and guest came over the uncertainty about what "immediate family" meant regarding those who can seek refuge in the UK if they have relatives here. Ray wanted clarification on what the Home Security had deemed as immediate family and asked: "What is immediate family? Who does that mean? Does that mean Mothers Fathers? How do you define immediate family?" "It will cover dependents," Raab replied. This evoked a back and forth between the duo, with Ray not backing down from wanting clarification. Read More: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plan to destroy the Dingles exposed? The host continued: "If your mother was in Ukraine right now, would you not want your mother to be repatriated, to be back here with you?" The MP firmly replied: "Well, you're doing the usual thing that we always get on GMB, which is not allowing me to answer the question." Standing his ground, Ray batted back: "Because we get the usual thing from you when you don't answer the question the first time around." "But I'm trying to, but if you interrupt me within seconds, then I don't get an opportunity, nor do your viewers to hear the answers and to judge for themselves," Raab slapped down the presenter. "Am I allowed to proceed?" As Ray let him speak, the Deputy Prime Minister continued to start the Home Office would be releasing more details in "the days ahead" to set out the criteria and processes for those wishing to apply. Aggravated by the line of questioning, he added: "I get why you are asking the question. "I just can't answer every factual case, and I can't also speculate on the individual cases." "The UK will step up; we have a big-hearted tradition in this country and we will do our bit." DON’T MISS…Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv Flaherty? [SPOILERS]'Get out!' Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy walk off Sunday Brunch as guest scolds hosts [LATEST]'I love you son' EastEnders' Lorraine Stanley pays tribute to co-star ahead of exit [LATEST]  Many viewers shared their thoughts on the heated discussion on social media with some praising Ray's handling of Raab. Nick Whitcher applauded the interview: "Excellent lines of questioning. They get so angry when they're presented with compassionate reasoning and when they're asked to defend the lack of common sense. Why do TV rounds if you don't want to be asked probing questions of policy." "It is a very simple question and if he can't answer it he should try another job. It is that simple!!!!," Steve C tweeted. @Hudswell wanted Raab to have more time to answer: "Not a problem asking the questions….perhaps let the guest answer." Beverley Brown added: "@GMB really disappointed in @AdilRay interviewing @DominicRaab today. Pointless attack to fill in time. "A better line of questioning required when opportunities to interview exist. Felt he bullied rather than lead the interview to bring worthy news." The show had a strong lineup of experts and guests talking about the current crisis. Vikings actress Katheryn Winnick appeared on the show beforehand to express her praise for President Zelensky. She said: "He speaks for himself; he is a true hero. He lives by his word. He is there on the street fighting with his people. He won't leave his capital or his nation." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 