Host Bradley Walsh welcomed contestants Lizzy, Graham, Matthew and Caroline onto Wednesday's instalment of the ITV quiz show. They all had to go up against Mark 'The Beast' Labbett who did not hold back with his opinions when the players slipped up on questions throughout the episode. The 56-year-old Chaser, who was determined to stop any of them from making it into the final, especially ripped into Caroline following her head-to-head round with him.  Keen gardener Caroline was the first contestant to play against Mark following her cash builder round. She told host Bradley if she won the episode would spend her winnings on a new engine for her boat which is berthed in St Tropez. However, she soon struggled when she went against The Beast who managed to catch her out very quickly after she answered a variety of answers incorrectly. Following her exit from the stage, Mark remarked: "Well as far as the other three are concerned there is no great loss there, she wanted to go low. She wasn't very good, next!" READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Matthew was the second contestant to face the Chaser, and luckily he made it through to the final round with £3,000. Lizzy, who had a passion for sharks, raised £2,000 in her cash building round and after admitting she had to make many guesses when playing against The Beast she was soon sent packing. Last up against Mark was marketing manager Graham who answered four questions right in his opening round. The Beast offered him either £57,000, £4,000 or £1,000, but Graham opted to play for the lowest offer.  However, playing for £1,000 could not save the dad-to-be who was soon beaten by the Chaser. "Sometimes go low and still leave the show," Mark quipped when he caught Graham out. With Matthew the only contestant playing in the final, the Chaser remarked: "I'm trying to think of a case where Matthew can win this, I'm only a genius and I can't think of that." DON'T MISS...'Get a grip!' The Chase's Jenny Ryan hits back at criticism of show [LATEST]The Chase viewers thrilled over ITV show first 'We love to see it!!' [REACTION]Paul Sinha health: The Chase star on giving up panto due to disease [INSIGHT] Despite his best attempts to single-handedly beat the Chaser, Matthew was eventually caught out with 40 seconds remaining on the clock. After losing in the final, Mark told the disappointed contestant: "You did everything you could Matthew but unfortunately you needed at least another two people there [with you]." Following the episode, Mark took to Twitter to urge users to "be kind" to contestants who had signed up for the quiz programme. He commented: "#TheChase please be kind to low ability contestants. They may have applied but the contestant research team, from thousands of applicants, knowingly selected them."  Many viewers replied to Mark, backing his comments, with Ross Ingle saying: "I mean, can you really judge people based on the handful of questions you ask? I can sometimes get one or sometimes eight in the cash builder. Could just be a bad set." Neil added: "This applies for all quizzes; they're easy if you know the answers!" Lesley Brown said: "Well they’re all a lot braver than I would be!" The Chase continues weekdays at 5pm on ITV. 