Energoatom have issued a nuclear warning after the power line between Kyiv and Chernobyl was disconnected amid the Russian invasion. Without power, nuclear fuel stored at the site could heat up and emit radiation into the sky.  Energoatom added that the wind could then carry this radiation across Ukraine and the rest of Europe. Issuing a warning via Telegram, the Ukrainian nuclear company added: "The 750 kV Chernobyl-Kyiv high-voltage line is currently disconnected due to damage by the occupiers. "Thus, the Chornobyl station and all nuclear facilities of the Exclusion Zone were left without electricity. About 20,000 spent fuel assemblies are stored at the spent nuclear fuel storage facility. "They need constant cooling. Which is possible only if there is electricity. If it is not there, the pumps will not cool." Read More: Which firms have removed services from Russia? Full list Ukraine's national grid operator confirmed that the nuclear plant's power had been cut off. They added: "Because of the military actions of the Russian occupiers, the nuclear power plant in Chernobyl was fully disconnected from the power grid. "The nuclear station has no power supply. The military actions are in progress, so there is no possibility to restore the lines. Slavutich city is also out of power supply." Energoatom stated that if the pumps are not able to cool, "the temperature in the holding pools will increase, soaring and release of radioactive substances into the environment will occur. "The wind can transfer the radioactive cloud to other regions of Ukraine, Belarus, Russia and Europe. "In addition, ventilation at the facility will not work. All personnel there will receive a dangerous dose of radiation. "The fire extinguishing system also does not work, and this is a huge risk in the event of a fire that could occur due to a projectile." Efforts to restore the plant back to a safe condition is not currently possible, however, due to the ongoing fighting. Energy Minister Herman Halushchenko said today that the radiation levels at the plant are currently unknown. This is due to the Russian occupation of the plant preventing information getting out. The UN’s nuclear watchdog said yesterday that systems monitoring nuclear material at the radioactive waste facilities in Chernobyl have stopped transmitting data. However, the International Atomic Energy Agency stated that it sees no critical impact on safety following the power loss, adding that the plant has sufficient cooling water for spent nuclear fuel. Mr Halushchenko added that Ukraine also had no control over activities at the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant. He claimed that 400 Russian troops were stationed there. READ MORE: Washington deem Poland’s fighter jet offer ‘untenable’ [INSIGHT] US officials have warned that Putin could, in the face of unexpected Ukrainian resistance, utilise small nuclear weapons against their cities. This act of desperation may be taken by the Russian despot as he faces increased pressure for the failing invasion. Kremlin officials are reportedly "privately denouncing" Putin’s "clusterfk invasion" amid heavy Russian losses. Meanwhile, intercepted calls from Russian soldiers have revealed their shock at the number of corpses. Some of the Russian soldiers were begging to go home.