The Transport Select Committee's Road Pricing report suggested electric cars could be included in a new road pricing pay per mile fee. EV owners would pay as they are currently exempt from fuel duty and Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) rates. However, there is fear the Treasury could be affected as more drivers make the switch to EVs. Predictions have indicated there could be a loss of £35billion in revenue which would need to be replaced. They added no car tax fees were initially introduced to help motorists “offset” the higher purchase price of EVs. But, will the introduction of new car tax fees for EVs put drivers off purchasig an electric vehicle? Should EVs be taxed at all? Or should this massive incentive to adoption be maintained. We want to hear your views in our poll below. Car tax incentives have been a key part of manufacturers marketing around electric vehicles and adding fees could cause anger amongst those who have switched. READ MORE: Drivers prefer petrol cars to electric models as their next vehicle The Committee has warned EV owners risk becoming “accustomed to no-tax motoring” which could make it difficult to introduce fees later down the line. They added the Government must make it clear to motorists who purchase EVs they “will be required to pay for road usage” to ensure road users were not caught out. Most motoring experts have generally backed the introduction of road pricing fees for EV owners, but some have raised their concerns. Ian Plummer, spokesperson for AutoTrader warned of the risks of introducing the changes "too early". DON'T MISSElectric car costs ‘keep going up’ in risk to private ownership  [INSIGHT]Electric cars may be ‘cheaper’ than petrol and diesel vehicles  [COMMENT]Car tax changes ‘causing confusion’ among drivers [ANALYSIS] He said: “Road pricing may be part of a long term solution, but if it’s introduced too early or without exemptions for EVs it will be a giant own goal. “We can’t afford another flip flop fiasco like the one we had with diesel incentives.” Benefit-in-Kind (BiK) rates for EV owners under a salary sacrifice scheme will also increase from April. Rates will rise from one percent to two percent this April while fees have not yet been decided past 2024. It has raised fears among motorists that electric car running costs could dramatically increase in the coming years. Speaking to Express.co.uk last week, Danny Morgan, Editor of Smart Home Charge said drivers were “worried” about the new changes. He said: “Incentives including the Salary Sacrifice Scheme and Government subsidies for home charging units have seen many make the switch.