Newcastle star Kieran Trippier has hit back at Simon Jordan after the former Crystal Palace owner claimed he had only joined the Magpies after receiving a ‘big bag of money’. Trippier arrived at St James’ Park in the January transfer window from Atletico Madrid. In doing so, the right-back became the first new signing since Newcastle were bought by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund. The takeover by the Middle East country means that the Magpies are now among the wealthiest clubs in the world. They flexed that financial muscle to boost Eddie Howe’s squad in the winter window, a spending spree that has led to an unbeaten run of seven games. After Trippier became their first signing of the new era, Jordan stated his belief that the right-back’s sole motive was the huge wages that he was being handed by the mega-rich Magpies. “Of course they are because they have a big bag of money,” he told talkSPORT in January when asked if Newcastle would attempt to overhaul their squad. JUST IN: Newcastle boss Howe planning £70m exodus with seven players on way out “But for Trippier, he is going for one reason and one reason only. The economic package suits him at this stage of his career. That's the end of the discussion. “He wouldn't be getting anywhere near what he's getting at Newcastle [in China]. That's why they're not going to China anymore.” Trippier has now hit back at Jordan for those claims that money was the driving factor, insisting that he would not have made the move if it had been. “It didn't annoy me,” he told the True Geordie podcast when asked if Jordan’s criticism had affected him. DON'T MISS: Newcastle could repeat Kieran Trippier move for Atletico Madrid ace (INSIGHT)Newcastle want to sign Chelsea star loved by Marina Granovskaia (TRANSFERS)Newcastle chief Amanda Staveley admits Man Utd ace wanted January move (NEWS) “For me, it doesn't bother me. I know my reasons why I came back and money wasn't one of them. If it was, I would have stayed in Madrid. “I didn't really think of that. I was just excited about the whole thing, coming back to England and playing in the Premier League.” Trippier also made it clear that his reasons for moving to St James’ Park were down to the sporting project that is beginning at the club, rather than the financial benefits. “I know my reasons why I came back, to live in the north and for my family, and of course for the project as well,” he added. “I spoke to the managers, the owners about the direction they want the club to go in. It's exciting, and for me it was a no-brainer to come back to England. “We were talking about the direction they want the club to go in, we all need to realise it's a building process. The most important thing for us is staying in the league this season. “I don't really want to look too far ahead but it's exciting. It's exciting to be involved with the club. To be honest, they didn't sell it to me if I'm being honest with you. “For me, it was important that my family came back to England and especially the north. They didn't really sell anything to me.”