Mohamed Salah could do the unthinkable and join one of Liverpool's Premier League rivals, according to reports. The Egyptian continues to make the Reds sweat over where his future lies, with wages thought to be a sticking point as contract negotiations remain at a standstill. Salah is flying again this season, blowing the rest of the division away with 19 Premier League goals already. There is plenty for Liverpool fans to enjoy, but his reluctance to sign a new deal remains in the back of their minds. This week, Jurgen Klopp claimed that the Reds have already done 'all they can' to convince their attacking superstar to stay. "Nothing has happened further, no signing, nor rejection, we just have to wait," he added. JUST IN: Dimitar Berbatov slams Man Utd's 'standards' in Arsenal top-four warning - EXCLUSIVE Salah's agent, Ramy Abbas Issa, indirectly responded to the German's claims by posting a barrage of laughing faces on social media. Reds fans have cause for concern, with contract negotiations reportedly still at a dead end after falling flat in December. That raises the possibility of a summer exit, as Liverpool could be persuaded to cash in on the flying winger while he still has one year remaining on his current deal. According to The Guardian, Salah would be 'happy' to continue elsewhere in the Premier League if Anfield authorities fail to meet his wage demands. READ MORE: Chelsea bosses 'begging government' for two things in meltdown Such an outcome would be unthinkable for Liverpool fans who, by and large, have screamed Salah's name from the terraces since his 2017 arrival from Roma. In that short space of time, he has already notched over 150 goals for the Reds, helping fire them towards a Premier League title, a Carabao Cup and a Champions League. His alleged willingness to head elsewhere in England's top-flight raises questions of where, exactly, could be a realistic destination. Manchester City certainly have the financial might to offer Salah a tempting contract, but they have also been Liverpool's main rivals for silverware over the past few seasons. Chelsea are no friends of the Reds either, and Salah has already got the t-shirt after his disappointing stint with the club ended in 2016. Leaving for bitter rivals Manchester United seems highly unlikely, which could leave the 29-year-old looking towards Newcastle if wage requirements turn out to be a deal-breaker. This being said, remaining at Anfield is believed to be Salah's first choice, but Liverpool are so far refusing to budge and meet his demands despite the cries of fans.