Kate Middleton, 40, and Prince William, 39, touched down in Jamaica on Tuesday, March 22. The royal couple had been in Belize for three days before making the move for the second leg of their Caribbean tour. Their first stop in Jamaica was to the King’s House to see the Queen’s representative in Jamaica, Sir Patrick Allen.  The couple subsequently met with Sir Allen and his wife Patricia Allen. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge walked up to greet the couple, who were already wearing their masks to protect themselves from coronavirus. Kate and William then quickly realised to put on their masks and did so immediately. As the Duchess opened her clutch bag to take out her pretty pink mask, she accidentally revealed the inside of her clutch bag to the cameras. READ MORE: Kate & William diving with sharks - 'undeniably romantic' & 'fearless'  Although only Kate’s mask could be seen inside the clutch, she often carries other things inside her bag as well. According to the book, ‘Kate: A Biography’ by Marcia Moody, the Duchess also tends to carry four items with her. These are a compact mirror, blotting paper, a handkerchief and lip balm. Plus, if Kate's bag is big enough, the book states she sometimes brings her camera to take some personal photos.   The clutch bag Kate carried to meet the Governor-General of Jamaica was her white Salvatore Ferragamo clutch bag. The bag is currently on sale for £255, as it is 27 percent off from the original price of £352. Royal fans reacted differently to the footage of Kate and William scrambling for their masks. One Twitter user @b_bsure wrote: “Can’t they read the room? Why aren’t they wearing masks?”  However other royal fans could not stop complimenting Kate’s bright yellow dress for the occasion. Royal fan @LisaBilling5 said: “Stunning dress, love the colour.” Meanwhile, Twitter user @RoxanneReaction added: “The Governor’s wife complimenting Kate’s yellow dress. “It’s officially iconic.” Royal watcher @DancingInfinit1 commented saying: “They look so lovely, I think they will have a great time!”  Social media user @John71012947 said: “This is a great royal visit with the classy and professional Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.” Another fan, @AdeleMeiring wrote: “Class personified! She is absolutely gorgeous. “Each and every outfit suits her 100 percent! Simple, yet so elegant!” 