The unnamed zoo worker, 50, was whisked away to hospital after the gruesome attack at Wooten’s Airboats, Florida. Local authorities said on Tuesday afternoon that the man entered the tiger’s enclosure just before its designated feeding time. The tiger then launched upon the man, who law enforcement and company officials stressed was not authorised to enter the enclosure. The animal’s caretaker then regained control over the tiger following the attack. This is the second tiger mauling in the US state within just three months - something the Collier County Police Department was quick to point out. In a statement, the force said officers were “having a hard time comprehending this happening again”, adding that early information “indicates a tiger in an enclosure at that location was being fed by (its) caretaker when a 50-year-old male, an employee of Wooten’s who was not authorised to be with the tiger, entered the tiger’s enclosure”. The statement continued: “The tiger attacked the man and caused injuries to both arms. “The man has been transported to a hospital by EMS.” The Wooten Everglades Airboat Tours company responsible for the big cat’s care said in a statement they would work with local police to get to the bottom of the incident. They added the tiger was “not injured and remains in her enclosure”. They said: “A Wooten’s Everglades Airboat Tours employee was injured today while feeding a tiger in the company’s animal sanctuary. READ MORE: Putin 'facing massive mutiny' his own FSB secret service “He was transported to Gulf Coast Medical Center in Fort Myers to receive medical attention. “Wooten’s staff worked with law enforcement to investigate the incident. “The tiger’s caretaker, who has worked at Wooten’s for 25 years, said the employee was not authorised to enter the tiger’s enclosure or feed the tiger. “Wooten’s is licensed to care for tigers by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission and the US Department of Agriculture. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [LIVE] POLL: Are you happy with Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement? [VOTE] Jet2 passenger sparks mid-air chaos 'Don't ****ing touch me!' - VIDEO [WATCH] “The tiger was not injured and remains in her enclosure. “All of us at Wooten’s offer our sincere sympathies to the employee and his family, and wish him a speedy recovery.” Wooten’s, an airboat tour business, also hosts an animal sanctuary containing two tigers, a further two lions, plus additional wildlife such as turtles, otters, and alligators. This comes after a tiger mauling in December in the US state saw authorities contemplate charges against a man who entered an unauthorised area of Naples Zoo. River Rosenquist, 26, entered the area of the enclosure belonging to critically endangered Malayan tiger, Eko, which then attacked the commercial cleaner by clamping down on his arm. Mr Rosenquist called emergency services, screaming to the operator: “Help me! I'm at Naples Zoo! I'm being attacked by a tiger please, please, please!” When law enforcement officials arrived on the scene, they were forced to shoot and kill the eight-year-old endangered cat. Mr Rosenquist was then rushed to hospital. Jack Mulvena, the zoo’s chief executive, said his “thoughts and well wishes are with River Rosenquist and his family and his doctors in what is going to be a very difficult recovery”.