The Queen was reportedly delivered a fortnight ago a £62,000 four-seat golf buggy to help her get around her residence in Berkshire. And she is believed to have already gone for a spin with aides. The monarch's staff are also said to have helped her dogs to sit next to her on the buggy, so she could enjoy the trip with her beloved animals. A Windsor Castle source said: "The cart arrived in the last fortnight. "She and her aides have already used it. "Last week she took the dogs out in it for a tour around the private grounds." This delivery came as the monarch is "struggling with stiffness" in her legs, according to the source. They continued: "Her Majesty is struggling with stiffness in her legs, so the cart is a perfect solution to getting her around. "She’s been through a lot of physical battles recently with Covid and her back sprain, which would take its toll on anyone — let alone someone who turns 96 next month." The Queen was first seen using a light walking stick during an engagement at Westminster Abbey in October last year. At the time, it was understood the monarch was using this support for comfort rather than for an ailment. READ MORE: Foreign Office blamed for Kate and William's 'humiliating' tour She has since been spotted using it other times, both outside of her residence and within palace walls. The Queen herself appeared to hint at issues with her mobility last month when, as she was greeting guests for an in-person audience, she quipped: "As you can see, I can’t move." The electric cart delivered to Her Majesty, the newspaper said, was built by Danish firm Garia as part of a tie-up with Mercedes-Benz. It can reach 43mph and can go 50 miles before the lithium battery needs recharging. The cart includes luxurious accessories such as reclinable leather seats, a fridge and a tablet-style screen positioned next to the steering wheel for weather updates and maps.  Moreover, the cart comes with "weather enclosure" doors to protect the Queen from any breeze. A source also described the cart as being "fit for a Queen". They told The Sun: "Hopefully it will help her fulfil her engagements. "Everyone wants her to carry on for as long as possible being seen by the public. "I’m sure the Queen would rather walk to events and carry on as normal, but she is struggling at the moment." Providing a key health update on Her Majesty, they added: "Her mind is still razor-sharp and she has no intention of abdicating." The Queen would not be the first member of the Royal Family to take advantage of a golf cart to help her going to events. The Queen Mother, who died aged 101 two decades ago, was chauffeured to events aboard a golf buggy in her late years. The Queen was last seen in public last week, when she held a reception for representative of the firm Halcyon Days, which marks its 70th anniversary this year. Despite using her walking stick, she appeared in great health and smiled throughout the events as she was shown some of the best pieces of the firm, which holds a royal warrant. The monarch has been afflicted by a few health concerns in recent months. On October 20, she was taken to hospital for "preliminary" tests - the nature of which was never revealed. Moreover, on that same day, she cancelled her planned trip to Northern Ireland and followed her doctors' advice to "rest" for a few days. She has since not carried out an engagement outside of palace walls. The Queen was meant to attend the National Service of Remembrance in November in person - but pulled out last minute after suffering from a sprained back. In February, she battled a mild bout of Covid, which hit her with "mild cold-like symptoms". On March 14, she pulled out of the Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey - albeit it was understood this was not due to any health issue but, rather to concerns regarding her comfort during the trip to and from the London abbey. The monarch is reportedly hoping to be able to attend the service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip on Tuesday - also taking place at the abbey.