After Max Verstappen took the crown in a controversial feat in last December’s Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi, the new season is due to restart this weekend - with major rule changes and a race director setup revamp that will hopefully diminish room for controversy and stoke more variety and unpredictability in the races. Verstappen won the world title during the final lap of the race last season, beating opponent Lewis Hamilton in a move that sparked outrage among fans. Race director Michael Masi decided not to let lapped cars pass Hamilton during the final lap, however, the ruling changed moments later, which allowed Verstappen to close up. In its recently released report into the title finale, the FIA confirmed Mr Masi "called the safety car back into the pit lane without it having completed an additional lap as required by the Formula 1 Sporting Regulations. "The process of identifying lapped cars has up until now been a manual one and human error led to the fact that not all cars were allowed to unlap themselves."  READ MORE: F1 predictions: Hamilton revenge vs Verstappen? Ferrari back on top?  However, the FIA confirmed it has developed software in response that will "automate the communication of the list of cars that must unlap themselves". This along with a number of other new rules should not only mean last year’s controversy won’t happen again, but the races should become a little less predictable. Additional rule changes include an aerodynamics overhaul, an increase in sprint races, lower budget cap levels, and a regulation that ensures all lapped cars must un-lap themselves before rejoining the race. Verstappen and Hamilton are due to renew rivalries at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, but how could the season opener shape up?  James Swatton, motorsport expert at DriveTribe, said: “Whilst testing times have to be taken with a generous pinch of salt, it certainly appears as though Verstappen’s Red Bull will be in direct competition with the Ferraris of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz, both of whom consistently racked up fast times in Bahrain testing." He continued: “Friday’s Practice 2 results certainly adds credibility to the Red Bull-Ferrari forecast, as Verstappen topped the time sheets for the Grand Prix opener’s penultimate practice session, while Leclerc and Sainz followed the Dutchman home in second and third. “Lewis Hamilton, meanwhile, looks set for a more tumultuous season opener this weekend as Mercedes has struggled with an aggressive rocking motion at high speed, caused by instability from the car floor, branded ‘proposing.’”  DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [EXPLAINED]Lando Norris weighs in on F1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix controversy [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris sets sights on George Russell duel: 'Bored of podiums' [INSIGHT]    This extreme back-and-forth motion can cause the cars to destabilise, making it difficult for drivers to control, which could result in significant lap time losses. Mr Swatton continued: “Hamilton’s new teammate, George Russell, appears to have tamed the temperamental Silver Arrow more successfully than the seven-time champion, as he has finished both practice sessions comfortably ahead of Hamilton." He added: “Undoubtedly, the Stevenage superstar will find his feet in the car with time, and their radical new ‘no side-pod’ design could be the aerodynamic breakthrough they are looking for. “But Hamilton must be braced for a difficult start to this new era of F1 as he starts the year with a likely deficit to his main rivals." Who do you think will take the lead in the Grand Prix season opener? Have your say in the comments.  However, Verstappen looks like he could be in the driver’s seat this weekend, after finishing the Bahrain pre-season test last week as the fastest driver. Mr Swatton said: “Verstappen, on the other hand, will be aiming to continue where he left off in Abu Dhabi last year with another win, although he will hope this time it is under less controversial circumstances. “At 37 years old, it will be interesting to see how the tenured Hamilton responds to a potential uphill battle after being in the enviable position of having the fastest car for eight consecutive years." He added: “He is more likely to find himself rubbing shoulders with his young, motivated teammate than he is challenging Verstappen and the Ferraris for the win.” 