The Last Kingdom season five is on Netflix now and the TV series introduced a key character. Osbert (played by Olly Rhodes) had been missing from the historical drama since he appeared as a baby in the third series. Fans are keen to find out more about his family history and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The final outing of The Last Kingdom promised plenty of surprises and it certainly delivered. Ready to tie up any loose ends, fans were thrilled to see Osbert's whereabouts come to light. The youngster had been under the care of Uhtred's (Alexander Dreymon) close friend Hild (Eva Birthistle) since his birth. Hild had been present when he was born and it made sense for the selfless character to take Osbert under her wing. Uhtred is Osbert's father in the series, with Osbert being his youngest son. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? His mother is Gisela (Peri Baumeister), who tragically died after giving birth to him. Uhtred had been absent from the birth and he was heartbroken when he found out what happened. Hild and Thyra (Julia Bache-Wiig) had seen her through the labour but she did not make it through to see her baby son alive. After this, the baby was not seen again and fans were left wondering what had happened to him. The fifth season divulges why Uhtred sent Osbert off into hiding. Wanting to protect his bloodline from further loss, he wanted to keep his son out of danger. Knowing one day he would hopefully claim Bebbanburg, Osbert would play a key role in securing the land. Uhtred's old friend Brida (Emily Cox) was determined to see Uhtred suffer in the final season. She knew the only way to get him to succumb to her would be through his beloved children. Therefore it was a good thing Osbert was kept out of the spotlight until now. DON'T MISS... The Last Kingdom historical accuracy: Did Uhtred rule over Runcorn? [INSIGHT] The Last Kingdom’s Stiorra star pays tribute to Alexander Dreymon [INTERVIEW] The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone [INSIGHT] Sadly the young man will never get to meet his mother Gisela. However, she still holds a place in Uhtred's heart and he will undoubtedly tell Osbert all about her. At the end of the series, Hild was seen taking Osbert into Bebbanburg after Uhtred claimed his homeland back. Osbert asked why he was there, believing it was Hild's way of getting him to learn scripture. However, Hild said the youngster would find out all about his past. With this in mind, it seems the door has been left open for Uhtred and Osbert to get to know each other. It is likely Uhtred has not seen his son at all since he was born. The pair could meet again in the upcoming Netflix film, Seven Kings Must Die. The standalone film will see Uhtred's story come to an end once and for all. This could be the perfect moment for Osbert to find closure when it comes to his mother and father.  The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are on Netflix now. The film Seven Kings Must Die has finished filming.