Red Bull will be concerned over the health of Max Verstappen at this weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix after the Dutchman suffered from 'dizziness' last season. Verstappen almost threw up ahead of qualifying for last year’s race, seemingly due to the conditions, and the team will be hoping they do not encounter a repeat situation as they look to bounce back from Bahrain’s double retirement. The revelation was made during a conversation between Verstappen and Christian Horner in Netflix's Drive to Survive series. Horner said: “You alright? You got that dizziness again?”, implying the same issue had plagued Verstappen previously. Verstappen replied: “I don't know.” Horner added: “You've been driving okay? You’re hydrated? You don’t think it's the light?" Verstappen said: “Yeah I dunno. Maybe. I don’t need to throw up." When asked if he just “felt a bit [sick]", Verstappen replied “yeah”. READ MORE: Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer about Verstappen and Horner In his interview with DTS, Horner added: “We’ve got an opportunity to win this championship but Max is feeling really unwell. Particularly where we are in the Championship it’s a big concern. The one place you don’t want to feel bad at is in a Formula One car. “Particularly, on a street circuit the speed of which Saudi is.” Verstappen was on course to set the fast lap in qualifying before losing control at the final corner. He hit the concrete wall on the outside of Turn 27 and scuppered his chances of a front row start. Verstappen had to settle for third behind the Mercedes pair of Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas. DON'T MISSLeclerc has 'never forgiven' Verstappen amid growing rivalry [COMMENT]Wolff aims cheeky jibe at Verstappen as he ranks the best F1 drivers [INSIGHT]Verstappen downplays Horner fury as he agrees with Helmut Marko [ANALYSIS] He benefited from a safety car pit stop during the race and was leading before a titanic battle with Hamilton saw the two come together. Hamilton eventually won the race to take the title to the final race in Abu Dhabi where Verstappen eventually prevailed. Verstappen was not the only one to suffer during last year's race as Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc also admitted he was feeling “very dizzy” during a Virtual Safety car period. He said: "The VSC of – I don’t know how many laps, for the debris – oh my god, this was horrible. As a driver just to turn left, right, left, right, left, right for 10 minutes, I was feeling honestly very dizzy in the car.”