Rishi Sunak unveiled his Spring Statement on Wednesday, and has been met with a mixed response across the board as Britain remains in the grip of a cost of living disaster. Among the most well-noted changes were a cut to fuel duty and raising the National Insurance threshold - but property owners with mortgages were by and large left out of Mr Sunak’s policy changes. Homeowners will not pay VAT on solar panels, insulation and heat pumps for the next five years - a welcome change as Britain moves towards its net zero targets. The Chancellor said: “As energy costs rise, we know that energy efficiency will make a big difference to bills. “But if homeowners want to install energy-saving materials, at the moment only some items qualify for a five per cent VAT relief and there are complex rules about who is eligible. “The relief used to be more generous but from 2019 the European Court of Justice required us to restrict its eligibility.  READ MORE: Home renovations to ‘add value’ to your property - ‘massive asset’ “But thanks to Brexit we're no longer constrained by EU law so I can announce that for the next five years homeowners having materials like heat pumps, solar panels or insulation installed will no longer pay five percent VAT they will pay zero.” But overall, there was little help in the mini Budget to help tackle the cost of living crisis for those with mortgages, or those who are looking to purchase a house. Affordability is a serious issues for prospective buyers - with the average price for a home now more than £260,000. And those who already own homes are not free from the cost of living crisis - interest rates are rising and are expected to go up multiple times this year, as inflation now sits around eight percent. Sarah Thompson, Managing Director at LRG's Mortgage Scout, told Express.co.uk that even if the green schemes announced are welcome, the Spring Statement doesn’t go far enough in helping mortgage holders. She told Express.co.uk: “We welcome the Household Support Fund, rise in the National Insurance threshold and the scrapping of VAT on energy-saving as part of Rishi Sunak’s Spring Statement to help ease the pressure on UK households with the rising costs of goods and services. “However, with many things out of the consumer’s control such as Brexit, a hefty Covid bill, record levels of inflation, and the rising cost of energy, it is understandable that there’s a marked level of fear among homeowners at rising interest rates. “The rise to the cost of living has many different causes but its knock-on effect for interest rates has a direct impact on mortgages.  DON'T MISSLondon house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [ANALYSIS]How can I get a mortgage with bad credit? [EXPLAINER] “As a result, we will see a period of adjustment where homeowners will need to look carefully at their spending and factor in how much a rise in their mortgage will affect them.” She said some mortgage holders will be in a worse position than others. She continued: “Of course, it is important to note that these worries are also dependant on what type of mortgage you have. “For example, there’s understandably more concern for those on variable rate mortgages who will see a rise in line with interest rates. “However, these scenarios will have been stress tested by brokers who would lend based on how an interest rate rise will affect someone’s ability to repay.” But these factors are unlikely to have included such a dramatic rise in inflation, and the prevailing war in Ukraine, which has pushed prices of energy and everyday goods up even further as sanctions on Russia begin to take effect. Ms Thompson said: “It's important to talk about your mortgage concerns with your mortgage broker or financial advisor – no one wants to see the mass foreclosures of the past so help is there for those that need it.”