Ukraine's president defiantly warned Vladimir Putin his continued invasion of his country will only backfire on Russia and cost him money and business. The Russian economy has been deeply undermined by widespread sanctions and Western businesses pulling out of the country, with the ruble tanking and the stock market being shut down for days. Volodymyr Zelensky shared his brutal forecast for the future of Russia, warning it will not be only foreign investors fleeing and abandoning Putin. Speaking to the nation in his latest daily address, President Zelensky said Russia's hostility will ultimately backfire and leave Russia isolated like the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and the Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). He said: "As a result of the attack on land, on Ukraine, the Russian leadership is actually turning its state into an analogue of the so-called DRO and LPR. "Into a large area isolated from the rest of the world. Where poverty will reign. Where everything will be determined only by violence. "And where people will flee in any manner they can and whoever can." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG "Look who is leaving Russia now, who withdraws business. These are professionals who can be competitive in the global market. "These are IT specialists who do not want to live in an area where there is no freedom. "These are businessmen who feel that everything will be taken away from them at any moment. "These are artists who know that art in a territory where human life is worthless is also worthless." READ MORE: Ukraine: City of Volnovakha ‘no longer exists’ as Putin unleashes ‘war of annihilation He added: "Russia loses its brain. Loses talent. Loses money." Mr Zelensky also said some small towns no longer existed in the third week of Russia's invasion, the biggest assault on a European country since World War Two. Shelling has trapped thousands of people in besieged cities and sent 2.5 million Ukrainians fleeing to neighbouring countries. Kyiv accused Moscow's forces of killing seven civilians in an attack on women and children trying to flee fighting near the capital. DON'T MISS:Putin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugs [REVEAL]Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [INSIGHT]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT] France said Russian President Vladimir Putin had shown no readiness to make peace. The Ukrainian intelligence service said the seven, including one child, were killed as they fled the village of Peremoha and that "the occupiers forced the remnants of the column to turn back." Russian shelling has trapped thousands of people in besieged cities and sent 2.5 million Ukrainians fleeing to neighbouring countries. Moscow denies targeting civilians since invading Ukraine on February 24. Russia blames Ukraine for failed attempts to evacuate civilians from encircled cities, an accusation Ukraine and its Western allies strongly reject.