According to the property site French Connections, the cheapest city in France for expats to relocate to is Montpellier. Montpellier is a vibrant and surprisingly affordable city in the South of France. Expats will find a lot of bars and restaurants, plenty of things to do and a lovely Mediterranean climate Myfunkytravel explained the estimated living cost in Montpellier is 1250 euros/month (£1,052). According to the travel site, however, there is a cheaper city to live in: Nantes. READ MORE: Spain holiday warning: Canary Islands face weather warning Nantes, located in the west of France, is a very affordable spot to relocate to. The beautiful city is also considered one of the safest and boasts a relaxed and healthy lifestyle. Nantes is a great option for those Britons looking for a quiet life and has an average living cost of 1175 euros/month (£989). Laurie, a traveller who visited Nantes recently, recommended going to the Jardin Ile de Versailles. "Awesome. Great place, relaxing. Calm. We also took a little boat trip, it was great," she said.  Tripadvisor user Reginald recommended another popular attraction, the Jardin des Plantes: "Very nice garden, it's near the Nantes station, different plants, good walk. If you come to Nantes you must visit the garden." The city of Nantes is followed by Grenoble, an idyllic spot in the mountains and away from the hustle and bustle. Grenoble is also one of the cheapest cities in France and although it is relatively small, it has easy access to the ski slopes of the Alps. Lille, located in the north of France, is also one of the most affordable options for British expats. Although the weather in Lille is colder and wetter than in the south of France, expats can expect to spend around 1225 euros/month (£1,031). Another popular destination among Britons that happens to be one of the cheapest in France is Marseille. Marseille is the second-largest city in the country and one of the most affordable options, making it very attractive for Britons. Located in the south of France, the city is very close to some stunning French Riviera beaches. Expats will spend around 1275 euros/month (£1,073) living in Marseille.  Nantes Grenoble Lille Toulouse Montpellier Strasbourg Marseille Bordeaux Lyon Nice Toulon Paris