Piers Morgan, 56, took to Twitter to rage about Prince Harry’s absence from Prince Philip’s memorial service. Despite the memorial being attended by the British Royal Family and other royals from across Europe, Harry, Meghan Markle, and their children are not in attendance. The journalist fumed to his 7.9m followers: “Imagine missing your mentor grandfather’s memorial service because you’re such a spoiled brat you’d rather sulk in your Californian mansion than be there to support your grandmother? Shameful.” Within half an hour, the tweet was swamped with replies from hundreds of users sharing their opinions. Lesley agreed: “Harry should have come to support his grandmother. How could anyone not?” Eric echoed: “When his grandmother needed him most, he wasn’t there. He will have to live with that for the rest of his life?” READ MORE:Michaela Strachan on hiding cancer diagnosis And Nffc added: “Totally agree @piersmorgan. This will only alienate them further from the royal household.” On the other side of the debate, several fumed that Prince Andrew’s attendance was also “shameful”. John said: “What do you think about Andrew’s attendance? Equally shameful? More shameful? Or not shameful at all?” While Janet commented that Harry “doesn’t have to be in a church to remember a beloved relative”. And Jak hit back: “If [Harry] had attended, you would have found some way to slag him off for that too.” The memorial celebrates the life of Prince Philip, who died on April 9 last year. A spokesperson for Prince Harry confirmed earlier this month that he would not fly from California and join his family for the service. According to Omid Scoobie, author of the book based on the Duke of Sussex and his wife Meghan, Finding Freedom, the spokesperson added that Prince Harry is hoping to “visit the Queen as soon as possible”. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm[LATEST]Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet[INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update[NEWS] Harry’s decision comes after he expressed his concerns about the lack of security available for his family while they are in the UK. He is involved in a legal battle with the Home Office and is arguing that his private security team cannot match police protection granted to full-time royals. A legal representative said in a statement in January: “Prince Harry inherited a security risk at birth, for life. "He remains sixth in line to the throne, served two tours of combat duty in Afghanistan, and in recent years his family has been subjected to well-documented neo-Nazi and extremist threats." It adds that Harry wants to personally pay for police protection “not impose on the taxpayer”. Since he and Meghan moved to California two years ago, Harry has returned to the UK twice: for Prince Philip’s funeral and for the unveiling of Princess Diana’s statue Their son Archie, two, has not returned to the country since their departure and their baby daughter Lilibet has never visited, nor met, her great-grandmother, the Queen.