Tiger Woods is still officially the biggest name in golf after winning a £6million ($8m) popularity prize without playing an event on the PGA Tour last year. And the 15-time Major winner celebrated by taking to social media to troll runner-up Phil Mickelson. The $40m Player Impact Programme was set up by the PGA Tour to reward top stars for their engagement on social media. Rory McIlroy banks $3.5m in third place while half the top ten - including Dustin Johnson - have been linked with a move to the Saudi-backed Super Golf League. Mickelson has announced he will be taking “some time away” from golf after the fallout from his involvement in the breakaway league. But in December the US PGA champion took to social media to write: "I’d like to thank all the crazies (and real supporters too) for … helping me win the PIP!!” Woods last night re-tweeted the post and added: “Whoops” with two shrugging shoulders emojis. The former world No 1 has not played on the PGA Tour since the Masters in November 2020 and has not set a return date since a car crash last February. Woods, now 46, did make headlines in both traditional and social media when he competed in the PNC Championship with his son Charlie in December. The announcement is another embarrassment for Mickelson who has been rapidly losing sponsors since his comments admitting he was using the Saudi involvement to “leverage” concessions from the PGA Tour. Speaking before today’s Arnold Palmer Invitational yesterday, McIlroy said: “It is unfortunate. I think Phil has been a wonderful ambassador for the game of golf, still is a wonderful ambassador for the game of golf. “Look, Phil will be back. I think the players want to see him back. We all make mistakes. We should be allowed to make mistakes, and we should be allowed to ask for forgiveness and for people to forgive us and move on. “Hopefully, he comes back at some stage, and he will, and people will welcome him back and be glad that he is back.” The Bay Hill event, where world No 1 Jon Rahm is the favourite to win on his debut, starts a run of big events before the Masters on April 7. But McIlroy, who will be making an eighth attempt to complete his career Grand Slam at Augusta, is taking a relaxed approach to his preparations. “I used to go on scouting missions and go for prep, and now I usually just go for the wine,” said the world No.5. “They've got a nice wine cellar there. I might go up there for a night or two and have a little look around, but I haven't made any plans yet.”