Since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, in February, a number of countries have imposed sanctions against Russia. The intention of the UK, US and its allies is to cripple the economy in Moscow and apply pressure on the Kremlin to bring the war to an end.  On Thursday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss revealed further sanctions had been imposed against those who were deemed to have spread lies and deceit about President Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine. Included in the latest group were Russian propagandist Sergey Brilev who has previously taken up residence in the UK. As a result, Mr Brilev - a famous TV anchor on Russian state-owned media Rossiya - will no longer be able to access any of his UK assets or continue business dealings. Other entities comprised the Kremlin-funded TV-Novosti, which owns the news channel Russia Today (RT).  READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Leaving bloc unshackles UK outlook on crop production The Foreign Office said following Ofcom's decision to revoke RT's broadcasting licence, these sanctions will ensure the network will not be able to find its way back on UK televisions. One of Russia’s most senior military commanders has also now been sanctioned by the British Government. Russian Colonel-General Mikhail Mizintsev, has been blamed for the bombings of a children's hospital and a drama theatre where more than 1,000 civilians were sheltering at the time. In a statement Ms Truss said: "Putin's war on Ukraine is based on a torrent of lies” and that the UK will "keep on going with more sanctions" to "ensure Putin loses in Ukraine".  She said: "Britain has helped lead the world in exposing Kremlin disinformation, and this latest batch of sanctions hits the shameless propagandists who push out Putin's fake news and narratives. "Nothing and no one is off the table." Other new additions to the UK's sanctions list include:  DON'T MISS: Boris sent Brexit ultimatum as Sinn Fein to carve up UK 'within weeks' [INSIGHT]Have Your Say: Is Europe's economy struggling just as much as Britain? [POLL]RAF Red Arrows SAVED: BAE systems awarded mega deal [NEWS] More than 1,000 Russian oligarchs and entities have been sanctioned since President Putin launched the invasion of Ukraine a month ago. The UK is one of a number of countries to have blocked Russian flights from its airspace. Assets belonging to President Putin and his foreign minister Sergei Lavrov are also being frozen. Elsewhere, the UK has pledged to phase out Russian oil imports by the end of 2022 and has excluded all major Russian banks from the UK financial system. 