Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has insisted he does not care about receiving further sanctions and has refused to apologise for his outburst at the Miami Open on Tuesday. Kyrgios engaged in a spat with Brazilian match umpire Carlos Bernandes during his fourth-round match with Jannik Sinner. Kyrgios lost his cool after Bernandes’ walkie-talkie went off during a point in the first set. The 26-year-old was furious, labelling the umpire ‘dreadful’ and ‘an absolute clown’ before losing 7-6(3) 6-3 to the Italian. “This is one of the biggest tournaments and you guys can't do your job,” Kyrgios declared. “It's embarrassing. You wonder why no one watches this sport. It's a laughing stock.” After already receiving a code violation for foul language, Kyrgios was given a point penalty at 5-3 in the first set tie-break for unsportsmanlike conduct. He was then issued a game penalty at the start of the second set for smashing his racket. READ MORE: Kyrgios confronted by court invader after smashing racket in anger “I just don’t think [Bernardes] controls the crowd well at all,” the Australian told AFP. “For the point penalty, all I said to my team was that Matthew Reid, an ex-player, could do just as good a job. If that's worth a point penalty at a Masters event, that is ridiculous in my opinion. “When everyone in the crowd is booing an umpire and he is becoming the center of attention, that is not his job. No one in the stadium came to see him talk or do what he does. “You've got Jannik Sinner who is one of our greatest stars and, not to toot my horn, the majority of people are there to watch me play. And you have a guy talking while I was 40-0 up. He was talking. I was like 'what are you doing?' The crowd actually hated him that much they told him to be quiet. DON'T MISSKyrgios called out after defending Raducanu against 'old players'Nadal gives French Open boost as Spaniard seen training amid injuryKyrgios thanks Osaka for 'pulling the pin' on mental health struggles “If you are getting booed by the crowd you are not doing a good job. He made it about himself and apparently his feelings were hurt from what I said and the crowd said. You can't be like that if you're an umpire.” Kyrgios, who revealed earlier this week that he was ‘at peace’ with himself on and off the court, was also involved in an odd incident when a fan ran onto the court and got a selfie with him. The Australian was still seething at Bernardes after the match, and added: “The ATP won’t do anything about him.” Kyrgios is still in the doubles bracket with partner Thanasi Kokkinakis. The duo won the Australian Open doubles title earlier this year and they defeated Marcel Granollers and Horacio Zeballos to advance to the semi-finals.