Free prescriptions have become an increasingly controversial topic recently. The age at which a person can receive a free prescription in England currently sits at 60. However, proposals are being considered which could mean this age rises to align with state pension age. It would mean hundreds of thousands of people may have to meet a £9.35 per item charge. But aside from the potential age change, many people have highlighted discrepancies across the UK, describing them as “unfair”. This is because those resident in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland are able to secure a prescription for free regardless of circumstance, while those living in England have to pay. READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons miss ‘small’ detail A number of Express.co.uk readers recently expressed their outrage at the policy. WASP said: “We English are ruled by the British. No parliament for us, little devolution or our own representation. “United Kingdom? I don’t think so. No devolution for England, but most of the UK’s bills.” Millar stated: “That’s something that definitely needs sorting. DON'T MISSState pensioners set for nasty shock - you may not get full amount [INSIGHT]State pensioners could get five key income top-ups [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax warning: Couples risk not being able to stay in home [LATEST] “We can’t have them? Neither can anybody else. Sort it out Johnson.” Maggie Rob agreed with this sentiment, adding: “I am Scottish and find it totally unfair. Everyone should get free prescriptions or no one.” While JohnBro1 remarked: “This has got to stop. The Tories are taking the English taxpayers for a ride.” TezerMac stated: “It’s like the bus passes. Why do London, Scotland and Wales get free passes at 60? “That’s while we in the middle and some other parts of the country do not, and have to wait.” The Government has encouraged those taking regular medication who do not qualify for a free prescription to use a prescription prepayment certificate (PPC). This means people can get the prescriptions they need for just over £2 per week. The Government has vowed to continue to protect “the most vulnerable in society” through medical and income-related exemptions. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson recently told Express.co.uk: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age. “We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course. “Extensive arrangements are already in place to help people afford NHS prescriptions.”