The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who stepped down from their active roles in the Royal Family in 2020, have signed an open letter from The People’s Vaccine. The coalition demands coronavirus vaccines, treatments and tests be “freely available to everyone, everywhere”. A letter from the People’s Vaccine was released on Friday afternoon, calling for “an end to vaccine monopolies” from Western countries. Harry and Meghan, alongside more than 130 former world leaders, Nobel laureates, scientists and others, signed the open letter calling “for urgent action to vaccinate low and middle-income countries and bring an end to the COVID-19 pandemic”. The letter criticises the EU, UK, Germany and Switzerland for continuing “to block the lifting of intellectual property rules which would enable the redistribution and scale-up of COVID-19 vaccine, test and treatment manufacturing in the global south”. It then makes five demands to world leaders: The open letter goes on to warn “the pandemic is not over”, and blamed “self-defeating nationalism, pharmaceutical monopolies and inequality” for not vaccinating the world against Covid. It then added: “The transfer of largely publicly funded vaccine technology and know-how from pharmaceutical corporations would fast track production to a matter of months. “Yet still today, a handful of these corporations retain the power to dictate vaccine supply, distribution and price - and the power to decide who lives and who dies.” The UK has vowed to donate 100million coronavirus vaccine doses within the next year to low-income countries as part of at least 1billion doses due from the G7. Earlier on Friday, the Duke and Duchess’ Archewell Foundation officially partnered with The People’s Vaccine, with investment into the coalition. In a statement, the People’s Vaccine said: “We are proud to welcome Archewell Foundation to the Alliance and appreciate their support, alongside Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex. “We will work together to end vaccine inequity and ensure COVID-19 vaccines, treatments + tests are available to everyone.” They added Archewell’s support “will go toward the Alliance’s ongoing campaigns and efforts to secure fair vaccine access for low and middle-income countries”. Earlier on Friday, the Duke and Duchess’ Archewell Foundation officially partnered with The People’s Vaccine, with investment into the coalition. In October 2021, Harry and Meghan joined the World Health Organization (WHO) and Save the Children in appealing to G20 leaders to honour promises to send Covid-19 vaccines to low-income countries. In a two-page letter, the Duke and Duchess called for the world’s wealthiest countries to accelerate long-promised donations and break the hold pharmaceutical companies have over access to vaccines. The letter, also signed by other leading health charities, said: “Every discarded dose of a Covid-19 vaccine, when there are the mechanisms to donate them, should outrage us all. “Each dose represents a real person – a mother, father, daughter, or son – who could have been protected.” Harry was also filmed speaking in at Global Citizen Live New York in September, saying: “Many of these vaccines were publicly funded, they are your vaccines - you paid for them.”