Chelsea face the possibility of losing all three defensive players whom are out of contract this summer as Roman Abramovich looks to sell the club. The Russian billionaire has been forced to cash in on the west London club, where he has been owner since 2003, due to the threat of possible sanctions handed down from the UK government. Abramovich announced on Wednesday that he had made the difficult decision to put the club up for sale to bring an end to nearly 19 years as owner. It is believed that several parties are interested in launching a takeover bid, with Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss and American businessman Todd Boehly publicly declaring their interest in leading a consortium ahead of a reported £3billion bid. But according to The Telegraph, there are fears within the club that for the three players locked in talks over a new contract, the conclusion of Abramovich’s reign could bring about tighter budget restrictions. Antonio Rudiger, Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta are all out of contract from June 30 and are free to speak to foreign clubs about a pre-contract agreement. At this moment in time, the club are having to focus their efforts on the change of ownership rather than contract talks — and that could see a trio of important squad members leave for nothing. JUST IN: Chelsea star Kante lifts lid on team reaction to impending sale Rudiger, 29, has been subject of interest from Real Madrid and Bayern Munich, although there are doubts as to whether either club will be willing to meet his salary demands. The Germany international has been one of the most important players under Thomas Tuchel’s management and the Blues are keen to keep him, but his future remains unclear. Captain Azpilicueta has a dilemma over whether to continue playing at Stamford Bridge for what would be his 10th season at the club, earning him a rare testimonial, or return to his native Spain, as Barcelona are keen to sign him on a two-year deal. The 32-year-old, who began his career with Osasuna, is wanted by Barca boss Xavi Hernandez to provide competition with Sergino Dest and Dani Alves. MUST READChelsea's £635.7m fortune wasted on 19 players under AbramovichChelsea star Werner 'wants Tuchel assurance' amid showdown talksBroja may have shown Tuchel he can be a secret weapon The Blaugrana are prepared to offer Azpilicueta a two-year deal, while Chelsea's club policy restricts them to offering only a one-year extension as he is over 30. As for Christensen, it is understood the Dane is most likely to depart Stamford Bridge after eight years with the club. The centre-back, 25, has attracted interest from Barcelona and Bayern Munich and the defender has already turned down two offers to renew his deal with Chelsea. He hinted that being handed an important role in the side could be key in helping him make his decision, having made 25 appearances across all competitions this season. “Things can still be done,” he said on the eve of Chelsea’s penalty shootout defeat to Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final. “For me being part of winning team is all that I want to be as a football player.” Marina Granovskaia has been responsible for dealing with contractual matters and transfers ever since Michael Emenalo left the club. But Abramovich’s right hand faces an uncertain future at the club as he looks to make a swift exit, with the new owners likely to bring in a new management team. Furthermore, Tuchel could see his transfer plans impacted in replacing those three defenders should they decide to leave on a free transfer. The German has been keen to bring in Sevilla defender Jules Kounde for some time and the France international could be available for £50m this summer after failing in a bid to sign the 23-year-old in August last year. Juventus centre-back Matthijs de Ligt is another defensive option to replace Christensen, although it remains to be seen whether the Chelsea head coach will be handed significant funds under the new regime to secure his targets. The Champions League holders face Burnley on Saturday hoping that news of Abramovich's impending departure will not distract them from their hopes of finishing in the top three.