Charlotte Hawkins, 46, has taken to Twitter to express her annoyance at scam ads and how she is "fed up" at being used in them. The GMB star added that it has been hard to get them taken down but she has had a lot of luck and “good news” in regards to action being taken. The presenter went on to thank Money Saving Expert, Martin Lewis for his campaign to target scam ads. She included two photos of showing examples online ads using her face to promote products. One of the ads was a fake photo with the line: “She had all of us stunned by sharing this on TV.” READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey The other read: “She had long hidden secret others tried to hide.” Charlotte’s caption read: “Good news this morning about action being taken on scam ads. “I’ve been so fed up of being used in them & it’s been hard to get them taken down. “Social media sites & search engines will have to stamp them out in new online safety laws. Well done @MartinSLewis for the campaign.” Some of her 248,900 followers rushed to the comments to express their warmth and support for Charlotte’s good news. @LightHackers wrote: “I did a Sky News DTL LIVE with Martin years ago when he started this campaign. “Great to see he saw it through to a successful outcome.” @TonyHearn14 said: “Yep about time. A bit of good news.” READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] @PeterDuke21 penned: “That's wonderful news Charlotte.” @JackieMKM commented: "@MartinSLewis does a brilliant job.” Charlotte has been co-presenting Good Morning Britain since 2014. The TV host was previously co-presenter of Sky Breakfast programme Sunrise, alongside Eamonn Holmes. Charlotte’s first major gig was with ITV’s Meridian Tonight, in 2003, where she hosted the main programme. The star was also a contestant in the 15th series of Strictly Come Dancing, being eliminated in the fourth week. Charlotte married her partner of five years, Mark Herbet, in August 2008, with whom she shares a daughter. She gave birth to Ella Rose in February 2015, after announcing the news on GMB. The pair live together in Surrey.