Princess Beatrice's husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi shares a five-year old son with his former partner, architect Dara Huang. While Christopher, known as Wolfie, is growing up far from the limelight, his mother shared an insight into a meaningful conversation she had with the boy on the war in Ukraine. Taking to her Instagram account, Ms Huang shared a message on Sunday, which read: "My five-year old son asked me about the war. "And what they are fighting for? "I told him it's really complicated. "They fight for power, energy and a lot of other things that make them fight. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here "And he asked me, well why can't they just borrow each others?" The architect added in the caption to this text image that her little boy had spent "all afternoon going through his toys to give away". Ms Huang and Edoardo's relationship ended in 2018. But Wolfie's father remained very close to his son, who is believed to have played the role of both page boy and best man at Edoardo's nuptials with Princess Beatrice in July 2020. READ MORE: Prince Charles tipped to visit Cambridges in exciting family visit, Beatrice is also believed to have created a good relationship with her stepson. The princess has spoken in public a handful of times about the boy over the past years. In March last year, as she was marking World Book Day, Beatrice revealed she had spent time reading with Wolfie during lockdown. Showing a close bond with the child, she told the Evening Standard: "I have had the most remarkable time going back over some of my most favourite stories at bedtime. "My stepson has been homeschooling. Helping him engage with stories is a great journey to inspire imagination, creativity, independence and humour. "It is amazing how in between video calls and working through technology we have had more time in the day to enjoy reading and it’s shown how important it has been to step away from the screen and jump into worlds unknown through the help of books." Princess Beatrice also let slip during a different interview she considers Wolfie her "bonus son" rather than a stepson. Speaking of how she helped homeschool little Wolfie during the school closures, Beatrice told Hello! magazine: "Homeschooling, that was definitely not my forte! Not going to lie." Beatrice, who was diagnosed with dyslexia aged seven, continued: "Sadly, I can't blame that on dyslexia. "But I've felt very lucky to have had the chance to work with my bonus son over the course of the school closures. "It was a huge learning curve for all of us." Showing just how well Wolfie has integrated in to Edoardo's new family, the boy was included in both statements issued by Beatrice and Buckingham Palace regarding Sienna Elizabeth, the princess' daughter born in September. Taking to Twitter to announce the name of her baby girl last October, Beatrice wrote: "We are delighted to share that we have named our daughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi. "We are all doing well and Wolfie is the best big brother to Sienna." Another sweet insight into the life of Wolfie came to light in December, when his letter to Santa Claus was reportedly shared by Ms Huang. The adorable tot explained why he thought Santa should include him in the Nice List - including the fact he had been the "best big brother".