Holding makes its ITV debut tonight (March 14) and the TV drama is set in West Cork, Ireland. The story follows a local police officer who is forced to step up his game after a body is found. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Sergeant Collins is a gentle man who enjoys the half-hearted nature of his work. He is a larger than life character but is often lonely, and it not the best at his job. The officer is played by Conleth Hill, a 57-year-old Northern Irish actor who is known for his stage roles. He will also be recognised for his role as Varys in Game of Thrones.  Bríd is a vulnerable character who was due to marry local legend, Tommy Burke. However, his body was found after he went missing and Bríd is not above suspicion. She is played by Siobhan McSweeney, a 42-year-old actress known for playing Sister Michael in Derry Girls. The star spoke to Radio Times about her new show, saying: "There's a maturity with his [Norton's] work and I think people will be surprised. "But it's a pleasant surprise. It’s a really pleasant surprise. The man is very good to give him his due."  Evelyn Ross is at the heart of the community and becomes caught up in the murder mystery. Evelyn is played by Charlene McKenna, a 37-year-old Irish actress known for her roles in Pure Mule and Vienna Blood. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge? Abigail is Evelyn's older sister and she is the most sensible of the three siblings. She is played by Helen Behan, whose most notable roles were in This Is England '88 and The Virtues.  Florence is the middle sister who is often taken for granted. She is played by Amy Conroy, an actress and playwright who created a radio play, Hold This. The play was recorded and broadcast on RTÉ Radio One in September 2010.  Eileen is a shopkeeper and busybody who has an opinion on everything that happens in the local area. She is played by Pauline McLynn, a 59-year-old actress and author best known for playing Mrs Doyle in Father Ted. She also starred in Shameless and played Yvonne Cotton in EastEnders. Not much is known about Kitty but she is played by Olwen Fouéré. Olwen is a 68-year-old actress and director in both theatre and film. In 2020, she was listed at number 22 on The Irish Times list of Ireland's greatest film actors.  Detective Inspector Dunne is played by Clinton Liberty, who has starred in Red Election. He also played Kiernan in the series Normal People.  Gary Shelford plays Antony in the series and he is an actor and writer known for playing Mike in EastEnders in 2001. His other credits include Holby City, Kiri and Silent Witness. DON'T MISS... Siobhán McSweeney age: How old is the Derry Girls star? [EXPLAINER] Emmerdale’s Charles devastated as Manpreet is given diagnosis? [INSIGHT] Game of Thrones star told to 'shut up' over concerns on cutting hair [INTERVIEW] Eleanor Tiernan plays Susan and she is a stand-up comedian who has performed across the globe.  Sky Yang is an actor and director who plays Stephen Chen in the TV adaptation. He has also starred in the 2018 Tomb Raider film, as well as Sunny and Rebel Moon.  Brenda Fricker won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1990 for her turn in My Left Foot. She will be appearing on screen for the first time since 2013 in Holding as Mrs Meany, having previously announced she had retired from acting. Anne Kent plays Nora and she is an actress known for P.S. I Love You and Primeval. She also appeared in Coronation Street in 2018 as Patti Truman.  Demi Isaac Oviawe stars as Aoife and she is a Nigerian-born Irish actress. The 21-year-old star is best known for playing Linda Walsh in The Young Offenders.  Jim O'Donnell plays Willy McCarthy and he is known for his work on Belfast, Death on the Nile and Kick-Ass 2.  The series also stars the following actors:  Calum Rea as Cathal Riordan Jane Spollen as Carmel Riordan Pat Kinevane as Martin Flynn Karl Quinn as John Flynn Michael Fry as Alan Doddy Norma Sheahan as DS Norma Casey Lochlann Ó Mearáin as Cormac Byrne  Holding stars on ITV on Monday at 9pm.