The Chancellor will deliver his Spring Statement today, on Wednesday, at around 12.30pm. He said this would unveil a plan for “a stronger, more secure economy for the United Kingdom”. Mr Sunak was pictured leaving Downing Street on his way to the Commons just before 11am. At this moment, the BBC’s outgoing Political Editor hinted the Chancellor may have been about to unveil more than he was letting on. She wrote in a post on Twitter: “Look carefully, Sunak is holding two documents. “[There are] whispers he'll unveil a separate economic plan or strategy alongside the statement.” The wording on the second – beyond the Government’s crest – is covered by the first. Mr Sunak hinted yesterday that the Spring Statement itself would only form part of the Government’s plans to advance the economy. He said: “Delivering greater economic security for our people, accelerating growth and productivity and making sure the proceeds of that growth are shared fairly. READ MORE: P&O suffering seven million pound loss “That is not the work of any one statement. But that work begins tomorrow.” Jill Rutter, a former civil servant, responding to Ms Kuenssberg, questioned whether the Chancellor might be about to deliver a “long-term tax strategy”. She added that “the need for one” was a “big theme” in a recent report on ‘Better Budgets’. Peter Hourston, Research Assistant at the Institute for Government, said a separate economic plan would be unnecessary given the recent publication of its “levelling up” white paper. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He asked: “Or does the Government need two economic plans?” The statement comes amid fears of a cost-of-living crisis. Energy regulator Ofgem recently announced a 54 percent rise in the maximum allowed customer energy price which will come into force at the beginning of April. Reports suggest Mr Sunak has considered cutting fuel duty in an attempt to lessen this burden. He described this – an excise tax on the sale of fuel – as “one of the biggest bills that people face”. But critics have suggested such a cut would not go far enough to dampen the damage caused by rising costs.