Cold Weather Payments are awarded to households if they claim certain qualifying benefits or receive Support for Mortgage Interest. The benefit payment has become increasingly essential to many families due to the exponential rise in energy bills. However, the deadline for receiving Cold Weather Payments is only weeks away which comes as a concern to many people. Recently, industry regulator Ofgem announced the energy price cap would see bills increase to around £2,000. This would represent a rise of £693 on the average household energy bill in the UK, with Cold Weather Payments being even more vital than ever before in light of this. Claimants receive this benefit payment if the average temperature in their local area is reported as being, or predicted to be, zero degrees celsius or below. However, this sub-zero temperature threshold must be recorded over a seven-day period for someone to get paid. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  Currently, the Cold Weather Payment stands at £25 per instalment with some areas receiving more if they record freezing conditions over a longer period of time. The scheme has been running since November 1, 2021 and will come to an end on March 31, 2022. This means that the deadline and window of opportunity for households receiving this support is quickly approaching. Ahead of the final cut-off date, many people will be looking to see if they are eligible for a Cold Weather Payment. DON'T MISS  Among the qualifying benefits that people can receive to be eligible for this support are Pension Credit and Income Support. Furthermore, those on income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance and income-related Employment and Support Allowance also qualify. However, claimants of Income Support and Jobseekers’ Allowance need to have certain additional attributes to get this financial assistance. For example, they need to have either a disability or a pension premium, or a child who suffers from a disability. Alternatively, they can either receive Child Tax Credit that includes a disability or severe disability element or have a child under five who lives with them to be eligible. As well as this, Universal Credit claimants and recipients of Support for Mortgage Interest can also get Cold Weather Payments if their local area reports sub-zero temperatures. For those on Universal Credit looking to become eligible, they must also have either a health condition or disability and have limited capability for work to get paid Cold Weather Payments. Claimants of this particular DWP benefit may also be eligible if they have a disabled child amount in their claim, regardless of their employment status. Unlike other available benefit payments, people do not apply directly for Cold Weather Payment support. Instead, the financial assistance is automatically paid into the bank, building society or credit union account of the claimant’s choice. Through weather stations, local areas are able to report or forecast weather conditions which then confirm the need for Cold Weather Payments if claimants receive the necessary qualifying benefits. Households can use the Government’s online checker for Cold Weather Payments to see if they are eligible ahead of the deadline.