The West is scrambling to slash its energy ties with Russia as it persists with its brutal invasion of Ukraine. The UK has now committed to phasing out oil imports by the end of the year. And the EU's plot to slash Putin's oil and gas was detailed in its new energy strategy was published yesterday. But worryingly, Russia warned it could "mirror" the EU's threat by completely cutting off all its gas, 40 percent of which account for the EU's total gas imports. While Britain only relies on Russia for around five percent of its gas imports, lower European supplies can send prices skyrocketing globally. Some analysts have also suggested Britain may import up to £2billion worth of liquified natural gas (LNG) from Russia this year. More price rises are particularly worrying as energy bills have already been soaring for millions of households in Britain, with the price cap (maximum tariff) set to soar by 50 percent to £2,000 in April. And there are fears this could rise again to a staggering £3,000 in October. But Mr Johnson has been handed a plan to help soften the blow. Brandon Weichert, geopolitical analyst and author of Winning Space: How America Remains a Superpower, told Express.co.uk: "People have to understand that prices in energy markets fluctuate because of volatility. "If there is a relatively predictable, stable flow of oil and natural gas getting safely to consumers globally then prices remain stable (and relatively low). "If supplies are disrupted, either through policy actions (like sanctions) or other disruptions, then usually prices start to spike. "By taking Russian energy off the market with nothing to replace it, you are effectively ensuring that everyone will suffer through high – and increasing – prices at the pump." READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated "Yet, if countries seeking to deny the world access to affordable Russian fossil fuel sources had plans at the ready to expedite the exploration and development of oil and natural gas within their territory, then over time the price of energy would become more palatable to consumers. "The West could effectively have its cake and it eat it – cutting off Russian energy without suffering too badly at the pump." And it appears that Britain may do just that. Mr Johnson has been urged to access Britain's natural reserves by 34 members of his own party who called for the 2019 ban on fracking to be lifted. The MPs are being led by Craig Mackinlay and Steve Baker, the chairman and deputy chairman of the Conservative Net Zero Scrutiny Group. DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT]  Putin outsmarted as UK can avoid energy crisis with four gas reserves [INSIGHT] Boris begged to lift fracking ban as UK to hand Putin £2bn [REVEAL] Lee Anderson, MP for Ashfield, said: “At a time of increasing insecurity over fuel supplies, we should be using the huge shale gas resources right under our feet." But after coming under fire, Mr Johnson agreed to take a look at using more domestic energy resources as part of an "energy supply strategy". Mr Wiechert said: "If Mr Johnson followed through on his calls to develop British natural gas and oil within British territory, this action could have seriously positive impacts on helping to alleviate the obscenely high cost of energy in the world markets today. "The move would also absolutely slash the need for Russian energy as British sources would be more than sufficient for meeting Britain's demand."