Back in September 2021 it was announced that Kyle would present talkRADIO Drivetime Monday to Thursday, where he currently remains, but after his battle with cancer, the 56-year-old was motivated to launch a medical show - Jeremy Kyle’s Emergency Room, which ran for two series between 2015 and 2016. Speaking about his cancer diagnosis at the time, Kyle admitted that he put off going to see the doctor, even though he had found a lump on his testicle. But after finally seeking a medical opinion the star was rushed into surgery. “It was late 2012 and I'd just come back from a trip to America when I first knew there was something not quite right,” Kyle said when talking to The Sun newspaper back in 2013. “It wasn't a lump, it wasn't even really a pain, it was just a feeling, a sensation, and it was on my mind for a couple of weeks, maybe a few months. I put it to the back of my mind and got on with my life. "And then I saw an article in The Sun. Because it was near Christmas they had a male model and a huge ball covering his parts and it urged readers to 'check your baubles this Christmas'. "It resonated with me, so I went to the doctor at 9am on a Friday. He was a doctor I'd had for years, and he didn't say anything that would panic me, but he took a look and then suggested I should go and see a specialist who he put me in touch with."  READ MORE: Vitamin B12 deficiency: Symptoms in the face that signal a lack of B12  "When they took the testicle out it was 90 per cent toxic. “I feel lucky that I'm here for family and can see my kids grow up. “To be honest, I thought, 'That's it, I'm dead'. The phone call I made to Carla [his wife at the time] was one of the most difficult of my life.” Luckily Kyle was given the all-clear and returned to work, but doctors warned him that if he had ignored the lump like he had initially, he could have died within 18 months.  Although one of the less common cancers, the condition still affects around 2,300 men each year in the UK. In particular, it tends to affect men between 15 and 49 years of age. The testicles are an important part of the male reproductive system because they produce sperm and the hormone testosterone, which plays a major role in male sexual development. Most testicular cancers develop in the cells that make sperm, called germ cells. The NHS explains that there are two main subtypes of germ cell testicular cancer. They include: The most common symptom of testicular cancer is a lump or swelling in either one or both of the testicles. But individuals should look out for the following:  If any of the above symptoms are noticed, individuals should seek a medical opinion. It is important to note that a lump does not necessarily mean individuals have cancer, but treatment is more effective if started early. If diagnosed with testicular cancer chemotherapy, radiotherapy and surgery are the three main treatments used to tackle the condition. The treatment plan will depend on the type of cancer and the stage of the cancer, but luckily the cancer is one of the most treatable types. Reflecting on what he would have done differently to possibly have avoided surgery, Kyle said: “Before that moment, never once had I spoken to a male friend or relative about my health, about checking myself or my prostate... I've become the bloke in Britain who talks about their b**s more than almost any other. I'll tell anyone who will listen, because I think it's so important... "Advances in cancer treatments are massively on the increase. But it's a combination of that and checking yourself that means I'm here now. I have absolutely no shame. I would so much rather talk to all my mates about it, all the time about it." 