Grant Shapps announced the end of all Covid travel rules from Friday, March 18. Secretary of State for Transport, Grant Shapps, announced on social media: "TRAVEL UPDATE. "All remaining Covid travel measures, including the Passenger Locator Form and tests for all arrivals, will be stood down for travel to the UK from 4am on March 18. "These changes are possible due to our vaccine rollout and mean greater freedom in time for Easter." READ MORE: Spain holiday warning: Canary Islands face weather warning From Friday, March 18, passenger locator forms and Covid tests will be scrapped for both vaccinated and unvaccinated travellers. The news comes after two years of international travel restrictions. A Virgin Atlantic spokesperson commented: "The removal of all remaining UK travel restrictions, including the passenger locator form, is the final important step towards frictionless air travel, helping to further restore consumer confidence as we welcome more customers back to the skies this spring and summer."  Dale Keller, chief executive of BAR UK, agreed: "This is a truly significant milestone and passengers and airlines will be delighted that the Passenger Locator Form (PLF) is banished now that international travel into the UK will be harmonised with the domestic reopening." However, passengers should always check the destination's entry requirements and Covid rules. Mike Tibbert, president of The Scottish Passenger Agents’ Association, explained: "Travellers shouldn’t forget that whilst the restrictions for those entering the UK have been removed, there remain various restrictions in countries around the world and these can be complex to navigate. "Travel agents are ready to help their clients navigate these and ensure that they can comply with them."  Travellers reacted to the news on social media with Kate Steward saying: "Excellent news." Twitter user @wonpeople commented: "Finally! "We must never introduce such restrictions again." Currently, fully-jabbed travellers must complete a Passenger Locator Form before returning to the UK. However, fully-vaccinated don't have to take any Covid tests and are not required to quarantine. Until March 18, unvaccinated travellers must take a Covid test before travelling to the UK. They also have to pay for a Covid test to be taken after arrival and complete the Passenger Locator Form.