Fraudulent health-tech entrepreneur Elizabeth Holmes charmed billionaires into pumping millions of dollars into her company Theranos. She convinced them her start-up's technology could perform hundreds of tests from a single drop of blood, however, it was all a lie. Actors Alan Ruck and Elizabeth Marvel, who star in the true-crime drama The Dropout, recently opened up on the intrigue surrounding the convicted con woman.  Elizabeth, who was once dubbed the Darling of Silicon Valley, founded Theranos after dropping out of Stanford University at the end of her freshman year. Her mission was to develop a blood-testing device that would revolutionise healthcare by carrying out hundreds of tests with a single drop of blood. However, she needed a lot of money poured into her business so she started to change her appearance as she approached investors over the years. She started wearing her hair in a low bun and was always seen in a black turtleneck with red lipstick and smokey eyeshadow which made her bright blue eyes pop.  READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Elizabeth also drastically lowered her voice, reportedly to be "taken more seriously" by her Theranos staff and investors. Investments soon started pouring in and at its peak, Theranos was valued at $9 billion. Elizabeth was hailed America's youngest and wealthiest self-made billionaire by Forbes Magazine in 2014 when she was 30 years old. However, her reign as Theranos' CEO came crashing down in 2015 following a Wall Street Journal investigation into the company after staff members claimed the testing machines never actually worked.  The company's $10 billion market valuation soon crumbled and Elizabeth was found guilty at the start of 2022 on four counts of fraud. She is due to be sentenced in September. Elizabeth is portrayed by American actress Amanda Seyfried in The Dropout, which landed on Disney+ earlier this month. Succession actor Alan Ruck plays the role of former Walgreens executive Doctor Jay Rosan and Elizabeth Marvel portrays the fraudster's mum Noel Holmes. Ahead of the series airing, Alan and Elizabeth both shared their thoughts on what was so captivating about the billionaire con artist. DON'T MISS...The Dropout star on Amanda Seyfried's transformation 'Magnificent' [EXCLUSIVE]The Dropout star unearths Elizabeth Holmes' dishonest grandparent [LATEST]The Dropout's Alan Ruck details character's Theranos downfall [EXCLUSIVE] Alan, whose character worked on a deal to install Theranos technology in more than 40 Walgreens locations around America, told Express.co.uk and other media she was "mesmerising". He explained: "I have only seen videos of her, I have not been in her presence but she's a striking woman and I think, like Amanda [Seyfried], she's a beautiful blonde woman with enormous eyes. "Apparently Elizabeth never blinked, which was sort of mesmerising to a lot of people who were waiting for her to blink but she never did. "And then she had this seductive voice and she talked in this very intelligent manner that's why it's all such an interesting story."   He said Elizabeth was this woman who had a "little bit of a twisted dream" and so much "magnetism she was able to fool a lot of people". 