Dr Michael Mosley popularises weight loss solutions such as the 5:2 diet, keto diet, Fast 800 and most recently Fast 800 Keto. The slimming guru took a deep dive into his latest weight loss hack. Fast 800 Keto is a three-stage process. “You start on 800 to 900 calories. It’s a keto diet in the sense that it’s very low on carbs, a moderate amount of fat, and a decent amount of protein,” he told Body and Soul TV. He told Studio 10: "The problem with the original crash diets, like the cabbage soup diet or some of the juicing diets, is that you’re not getting good amounts of protein. “You need good amounts of high quality protein to maintain your muscle mass,” he told Studio 10.” READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet' “Protein is hugely important; you need to be consuming 60, preferably 80g of protein a day, even on the diet.” It’s the protein element that keeps dieters feeling full, as well as working to sustain the muscles and white and red blood cells. This diet, coupled with “activity” – meaning moderate exercise – between a two and 12-week period, results in rapid weight loss. Activity can mean anything from climbing the stairs a HIIT workout to climbing the stairs an extra few times a day. Dr Michael shared in his podcast Just One Thing: “I try to do 40 press ups most days. “I also love walking and cycling, and I also make myself do the occasional run.” In the next stage of Fast 800 Keto, slimmers can transition into a “high vitamin” diet called the 5:2 diet. “The idea is that you stick to a low calorie, low carb diet for a couple of days a week, and on the other five days you start to introduce more carbs.” This allows dieters to still enjoy their favourite foods, simply restricting the days they can eat them. An alternative to the 5:2 method is 4:3, which sees slimmers follow a reduced-calorie and reduced carb diet throughout the week and indulge in alcohol and carbohydrates at the weekend. The third and final stage of The Fast 800 Keto is following a Mediterranean style diet. Dr Michael refers to this diet as “endgame”. “You eat plenty of healthy oils, a decent amount of protein, fish, olive oil, nuts, plenty of veggies, yoghurt and healthy cheeses. Dieters will be delighted to know that Dr Michael even advocates for “the occasional glass of red wine in the evening with your meal with your friends”. He stated: “This diet is broadly accepted as one of the healthiest diets on the planet.” The diet roughly consists of 40 percent fat, 40 percent carbs and 20 percent protein.” However, those suffering from Type 2 Diabetes may wish to cut down their carb intake to less than 40 percent, suggested the expert. The Mediterranean diet is something that slimmers can expect to benefit from because not only is it “tasty”, it is also “sustainable” long term.