Princess Stephanie of Monaco joined her daughter, Pauline Ducruet, at her brand’s fashion show on Wednesday, March 2. Pauline was showcasing the Autumn/Winter 2022 collection of her label Alter in Paris. Princess Stephanie is known for her unique and sometimes bohemian outfits, often choosing to wear pant suits on the red carpet and baggy trousers on the street. According to personal stylist and fashion expert Samantha Harman, the royal “isn’t afraid to try trends, or mix in pattern, print, or a bold shape”. So much so that sometimes her garments seem to clash. “We’ve seen her in textures such as leather, satin, velvet, brocade and she isn’t afraid of colour,” Samantha added. READ MORE: The royal whose favourite perfume costs £245 - & not Kate or Meghan It is clear that Stephanie loves fashion and her daughter has followed suit, even creating her own clothing line. Pauline cut her teeth at Louis Vuitton before founding Alter in 2018. Stephanie sat front row to support her daughter’s label yesterday, and she was a sight to behold in a wine-red leather biker jacket. The outfit was a daring one as Stephanie paired the jacket with a matching top and denim jeans, looking like a cross between a rock star and a 90s British icon à la Kate Moss.  Referring to Stephanie’s bold jacket, Samnatha said: “Some women think colour is ageing, but as Princess Stephanie shows, colour can actually have the opposite effect – it can make your skin glow and give you a youthful appearance. “Fashion should be fun and style is an evolving journey for many women. What you wear in your 30s and 50s might be completely different. “As we learn about ourselves, we fall in and out of love with trends, fabrics, colours. “It’s nice to see someone with the confidence to mix things up and give new trends a try.” Stephanie’s jacket was one of her daughter’s designs, costing €1,500 (£1,240) from Alter. Pauline was also in one of her own designs – a mint green woolly blazer and matching trousers. The blazer is available for €650 (£540), while the trousers cost €390 (£320). Pauline’s black Chelsea boots are from ASOS and feature a silver metal toecap. Looking at the women’s looks, Samantha continued: “What’s so great about the outfits on Stephanie and her daughter Pauline is that they could swap looks and look stylish. “There is definitely a synergy between these outfits, and I think this shows that Pauline’s genderless designs are also ageless – a biker jacket or oversized blazer look great on everyone and will always be in style.” The fashion expert noted that Pauline either owns or has worn the red leather jacket too as she is seen wearing it in one of her most recent Instagram posts. She said: “Shows a piece like this is timeless and can literally be worn in your 30s, 50s, 60s and beyond. “While Princess Stephanie has tried out many trends over the years, it looks like Pauline has a ‘signature’ style – ‘smart casual’ suiting is a favoured look of hers. “She's designed some beautiful oversized blazers and suit trousers for Alter,” Samantha added.