Married At First Sight Australia season nine is airing on E4 and the drama continues to heat up. After weeks of arguments, Dion and Carolina decided to end their relationship. Fans are keen to know what happened to Dion following the quirky TV dating experiment. Dion and Carolina did not get off to the best of starts as their wedding day was full of drama. Carolina left Dion waiting for three hours following a hair and makeup crisis. Thankfully Dion said the wait was worth it and they seemed to hit it off. Carolina confessed she was a bit of a diva and appreciated Dion's patience. Sadly, Carolina's eyes wandered to a different man in the experiment. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Have Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar split? She finally admitted she did not feel attracted to Dion, telling him he was not the man of her dreams. Carolina then turned her attention to Daniel Holmes. As for where Dion is now, he spoke out about his former wife's decision to move on with another contestant. The pair had requested to re-join the experiment as a new couple. Dion told NOVA's Fitzy and Wippa: "You've been in the experiment for less than two minutes. And then you want to come and take someone else's wife? Because you didn't get your airtime. "They were obviously serious about trying to reenter the experiment, I think they're both a little bit delusional to be quite honest with you. "To think they were going to come back in and bring such a toxic environment into a group like that." Dion, a property developer, was pictured outside Bar Carolina in Melbourne earlier this month, having a phone conversation. The reality star had been out with friends, but there was no sign of a new partner. DON'T MISS... Al Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Al Perkins now? [INSIGHT] Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [EXPLAINER] Daniel Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Daniel Holmes now? [INSIGHT] He did seem to confirm he was still single when he agreed to a date with a NOVA listener. There had been rumours he had a secret girlfriend whilst filming the series. However, he shut the rumours down, saying: "I was single when I entered the show and I was single when I signed up." Speaking to The Wash after leaving the series, he said he was taking every day as it comes. He added: "I'm sure love will find me." Fans have been calling for the star to feature in the next series of Bachelor. But he suggested trying to find love through TV shows may not be the best answer moving forward. As for his former wife Carolina, she is still believed to be with Daniel to this day. Dion said he had not been in contact with the pair for some time but wished them all the best.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on weeknights on E4.