Ukraine's leaders have claimed Russia could be planning an attack on the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. The country's defence intelligence agency has claimed Russian President Vladimir Putin may be planning to launch a "terrorist attack" in order to distract the rest of the world from his brutal assault on the country. In a tweet, they said a "man-made catastrophe" was planned, "for which the occupiers will try to shift responsibility to Ukraine". Russian forces have already bombarded Kyiv and other major cities, but Ukrainian forces have managed to prevent any major advances. Ukrainian MP Inna Sovsun tells Express.co.uk that Putin won't stop at Ukraine, urging the West to step in. She said: "In 1994 we gave up our nuclear weapons – in exchange we got assurances from the UK and the US that our security will be guaranteed. "That was a written promise from the UK and the US – right now they are breaking that promise. "Imagine Russia does invade Ukraine fully and take control of the country – that would put Russia on the eastern border of the EU and Poland. "Putin has already said he doesn't like Poland, the Baltic countries, Hungary in the EU. He doesn't like Finland's neutrality or Sweden's neutrality. Moldova is next door. "Does anyone really believe he will stop with Ukraine? He will go further, and then the West will have to intervene." Ms Sovsun was referring to The Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances, which saw Ukraine give up its nuclear weapons while Russia promised not to attack the country. The treaty dictated that countries such as the UK and US should "provide assistance to Belarus, Kazakhstan or Ukraine if they should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used". Express.co.uk also spoke to Finnish ambassador to the UK, Jukka Siukosaari, who commented on whether Finland could join NATO. He also responded to a threat from Russian foreign affairs spokesperson Maria Zakharova who said that Finland and Sweden could face "military consequences" if they try to join NATO. READ MORE: Russia Ukraine war: UN envoy says Putin suffering 'insane delirium' She said: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” Responding to this, Mr Siukosaari added: "As for the statements from Moscow, it is of course clear that me make our own security and policy decisions, they cannot be influenced by third parties. "Russian criticism of NATO enlargement is not a new thing, it is their longstanding position. The threat came as bigger news abroad but it is nothing new here in Finland. "Finns are quite stubborn, we don't much like being told how we should think. Russia's attempts to make a sphere of influence in Europe is completely unacceptable." Many in Ukraine, including President Volodymyr Zelensky, have urged the UK to impose a no-fly zone to protect the country against Russian domination in the air. DON'T MISS Russia Ukraine war: UN envoy says Putin suffering 'insane delirium'  [INSIGHT] Captured Russian soldiers fear being killed on return to homeland [ANALYSIS] Chelsea backed by major sponsor despite Roman Abramovich crisis [INSIGHT] But Boris Johnson is still refusing to grant the request, expressing concerns about escalating the conflict. The Prime Minister said this week: "We've had some very frank conversations and ones which have been deeply upsetting because there is a line beyond which, quite frankly, the UK and NATO would be deemed to be in direct conflict with Russia. "It's agonising, absolutely agonising. I've had this conversation at least a couple of times with Volodymyr but I think the difficulty is that it will require me to order RAF jets, UK pilots into the air with a mission to shoot down Russian fast jets."