Mark has been playing the role of Marlon on Emmerdale for the best part of 25 years and the beloved villager has been at the centre of some of the show's most hard-hitting storylines, including his turbulent love life and friendship with Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt). In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, the character will suffer a stroke on the day he plans to propose to his other half, Rhona Goskirk (Zoe Henry) and the coming months will see how he and his loved ones deal with his recovery. Away from the action on-screen, Mark is very quiet about his private life but Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about who the actor is married to. It is confirmed the soap star is married but the identity of his wife has been kept under wraps, as the actor doesn't talk about his private life much. According to reports, the couple do live in Harrogate in North Yorkshire and they have welcomed one son together but again, there is no indication of how old the child is. The one detail fans know about his home life is he has a Labrador called Freddie, who occasionally appears on the actor's Instagram page. Mark has also remained silent about other previous relationships he may have had in the past, with interviews focussing solely on his career or passion for gardening. This is completely different to his character, Marlon, whose romantic life has been very turbulent over the past quarter of a century. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? With the character set to propose to Rhona in upcoming scenes, this would make her the fifth wife of the beloved villager. Marlon's first wife was Tricia Dingle (Sheree Murphy) and the couple might have lasted the test of time but unfortunately, the latter was killed off when a storm hit Emmerdale in 2004. This made for one of the most emotional scenes to ever air on the weeknight serial drama as the Woolpack chef had to make the decision to turn off his spouse's life support machine. Next up was Donna Windsor (Verity Rushworth), who was the daughter of Viv Hope (Deena Payne) and the mother of April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan). She and the chef were married for a short time but it was later revealed she had an affair, leading to the dissolution of their vows. Unfortunately, any chance of the pair getting back together was halted when Donna returned to the village in 2014 after some time away from the Dales. It was revealed she had a terminal illness and although Marlon was in relationships with other people, she wanted him to build a bond with their daughter, April. Therefore, the pair never got back together but Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) was another villager who fell for the chef's charms. The couple had a very turbulent relationship as they started to develop feelings for one another whilst Laurel was still married to former vicar, Ashley Thomas (John Middleton). After they tied the knot, Laurel descended into alcoholism and this subsequently led to the end of the couple's romance. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Mark Charnock discusses challenges of portraying a stroke [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb health: Emmerdale star's drastic health change [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale's Charley Webb sparks frenzy with reunion with co-stars [COMMENT] Bob Hope's (Tony Audenshaw) daughter Carly Hope (Gemma Atkinson) was another contender to become the third Mrs Marlon Dingle. The pair really hit it off during her two-year stint in the village but once again, this didn't work out as Carly ended up leaving the village with an ex-boyfriend of hers. In 2017, Marlon's luck looked set to change as he started dating headteacher Jessie Grant (Sandra Davis) and the pair eventually married. Unfortunately, this didn't last too long as the chef discovered she had cheated on him with her ex-husband, Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). Amongst all these relationships, Rhona has always been a constant, featuring in the background as an on/off lover for the father of two. The pair even had a child together, Leo Goskirk (Harvey Rogerson) during one of their attempts at a relationship in 2009. Following his stroke, it seems their relationship is going to face some challenges in the coming months as Rhona does everything she can to help with his recovery. Viewers have recently seen her mother, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) turn up in the village and she will be on hand to support her daughter through Marlon's health scare. Mark has spoken out on his character's failed love life in the past and said his alter-ego is a hopeless romantic at heart. Speaking in 2017 when Marlon was in a relationship with Carly, the actor explained: "He's in love with the idea of being in love." "Every time he falls in love it's true love. There's nothing superficial about it or less than any of the other relationships," he told ITV's This Morning. However, Rhona is the love of his life and speaking with Express.co.uk and other media, Mark explained how she will fight to help him recover from his health scare. The soap star explained: "I don't think he’s going to get to where he wants to be for a long time, and we're just at the beginning of his journey. "But because of Rhona and Paddy and other characters who come into this story who are a big support, there's some comedy in it too, there's some fun to be had in it and some lovely scenes with Paddy, really funny and well written in the hospital quite early on. "There’s a great deal of hope that things can only get better from where they are, there’s positivity to be had from it too so hopefully apart from it being distressing, traumatic for the characters, also it will inspire them to get their lives back." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.