Sheridan Smith has appeared on a slew of British shows in recent years, including new programmes No Return and The Teacher. Fans will notice Sheridan’s slim figure after the actress lost a whopping two stone following a vigorous but fun exercise regime. Sheridan Smith has opened up about her weight loss transformation in the past, unveiling how she lost two stone and has maintained her slim figure since. The actress took to Instagram in 2019 to show fans two before-and-after pictures of herself. She revealed that she had lost two stone in just 14 weeks. In the Instagram post’s caption, she wrote: “I’m not one for weight loss regimes as I think everyone should be comfortable in their own skin. READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet' “I have lost two stone!” she added. Sheridan had a new fitness regime to thank for her transformation. At the time, the actress was playing four different characters in Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Joseph the Musical. Because of this, the actress was rehearsing for long hours every day. DON'T MISS:The Queen avoids one 'risky' food - insists all royals don't eat it [DIETS]Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st [WEIGHT LOSS]Nutritionist shares 'important' supermarket tips for weight loss [INSIGHT]  The rehearsals required much movement and dancing was also involved. The dancing likely greatly contributed to Sheridan’s rapid weight loss. Many experts have highlighted both the physical and mental benefits to dancing. In an interview with Health Wellbeing, consultant psychiatrist Dr Jo Rodda said: “Studies have shown that the occurrence of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease can be reduced by exercises such as dancing. “Not only is it fun, social and engaging, but it’s also a great way of incorporating exercise into your weekly routine. “Learning and remembering new steps activates many neural pathways in your brain, keeping it strong, active, and healthy.” Sheridan has continued to exercise since performing in Joseph the Musical, sometimes posting photos of herself in sports gear on Instagram. Diet is also important when it comes to weight loss, and Sheridan reportedly follows a healthy and balanced diet. Many experts have waxed lyrical about the importance of eating healthy foods that are high in both protein and fibre. These foods are more likely to make slimmers feel fuller for longer, consequently leading to weight loss. Another way for dieters to feel fuller for longer is to drink plenty of water, according to nutrition expert Dr Michael Mosley. The doctor said: “I try and drink plenty of water throughout the day and I avoid sugary drinks. I might add a slice of lemon or cucumber to my water to liven it up.” He added that he “generally” avoids snacks, but if he does indulge himself, he opts for “something reasonably healthy like a handful of nuts”.