Britons who receive Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and other disability benefits will see their payments increase from next month. Furthermore, the date they receive their payment from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will change because of the Easter Bank Holidays. Millions of Britons rely on disability benefits like Personal Independence Payments and Attendance Allowance to help them make ends meet - something which has become tougher due to the cost of living crisis. The good news is that from April they’ll receive a pay increase of 3.1 percent although it’s been called a drop in the ocean by charities. Campaigners are worried it won’t be anywhere near enough for those who are struggling to pay for soaring energy bills and food prices. In the same month, people who rely on these payments will be paid on a different date because of Easter. READ MORE: HSBC issues scam warning after fraudsters use ‘deplorable’ tactics Britons who usually receive PIP on Friday April 15 will receive their money a day early on Thursday April 14. Anyone who would usually receive PIP on Monday April 18 will receive their payment three days early on Thursday April 14. This also applies to people who receive Attendance Allowance, Carer’s Allowance and Pension Credit. Anyone who receives any state benefits should follow the same rule. DON'T MISS:Pensioners could get TV licence discount up to £159 - do you qualify? [ALERT]State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock [UPDATE]State Pension to hit £10,600 a year - Sunak faces triple lock decision [INSIGHT] Thousands of Britons are estimated to be missing out on PIP payments which could add up to £627 every month. There’s never been a more important time to check as the cost of living crisis will plunge millions more into poverty. Rather than suffer in silence, charities are urging people to do a benefits check every six months. A staggering £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits in the UK every year. Shockingly, nearly three and a half (3.4) million pensioners are losing out on Attendance Allowance. This is according to analysis from the national poverty charity Turn2us. Attendance Allowance is a benefit for people aged 65 or over who have care needs because of a physical or mental disability. The amount someone receives depends on how much help they need but it can be worth up to £3,515. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People who qualify for PIP might also be eligible for: