Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick has four glaring problems to solve over the international break. The German coach, who is yet to wholly convince since his interim appointment, must gear his side up for a crucial few weeks of the season which could determine whether it is remembered as a success or a failure. Anyone who cost £80million and sports the captain's armband for Manchester United will inevitably be under immense pressure to perform. This season, Maguire has failed to deliver leading to cheers as he was substituted against Atletico Madrid and claims that he should hand the captaincy over to Cristiano Ronaldo. His stint at Old Trafford has not all been doom and gloom, however, and his partnership with World Cup winner Raphael Varane still promises so much on paper. Gareth Southgate raised eyebrows by selecting Maguire for England this international break, and while he is away, Rangnick may be wise to consider a route back to happiness and harmony with the fans. JUST IN: Man Utd face more Mino Raiola transfer trouble as Bayern Munich 'bid' jeopardises plans The decision to miss the start of the season after undergoing shoulder surgery appears to have wreaked havoc with Rashford's momentum. Having lashed in 43 total goals over the previous two seasons, the forward has only notched five so far this campaign. Reports indicate that he is considering an Old Trafford exit as frustrations grow surrounding his lack of game time under Rangnick. The boss must therefore put together a plan of action as more minutes for the out-of-form star could keep the exit door at bay, but it could also scupper United's chances of a top-four finish. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] United are yet to dazzle under Rangnick in the same way they did, albeit in extremely patchy fashion, under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The German has occasionally overseen impressive defensive displays, sometimes the Red Devils have carried eye-catching attacking threat, but rarely have all the pieces come together for any extended period of time. As a team who used to regularly blow the rest of the division away under Sir Alex Ferguson, United have only won by more than a one-goal margin three times since the turn of the year. During the international break, Rangnick will have time to analyse that underwhelming 15-game stretch and see where improvements can be made. If Rangnick does manage to find the right balance, an inviting triple header against Leicester, Everton and Norwich straight after the international break would be a good place to prove it. Three wins from three may be essential if they are to keep pace with Tottenham and Arsenal on the hunt for fourth place. But with a daunting four-day turnaround between away trips to Anfield and the Emirates pencilled in for April, that trio of matches could also be the ideal time for Rangnick to rest some players. It remains to be seen whether the German is willing to risk his top stars in winnable matches, or whether he feels that those waiting in the wings could also get the job done.