Jeremy Corbyn's rise to fame began when he was elected as leader of the Labour Party in 2015. From there, Corbynism became such a huge part of the political left it sparked infighting and Labour people to leave politics, according to BBC's Laura Kuenssberg. Speaking on her new BBC podcast Everything Has Changed, she said: "It had been becoming obvious over the summer, Corbynmania but they couldn't really believe it and some of them never managed to resolve themselves to it or accepted it. "In fact, some Labour people left politics because they couldn't find a way of getting on with Corbyn's Labour Party. "There was a huge amount of infighting, rowing and arguing and it got pretty nasty. "I think people on all sides who had high hopes of the Corbyn era even in the centre thought this is interesting he's brought all these new voters in if we could harness the power of that excitement as a party that could be something amazing. "But in a way that's a parallel as well between what some people on the Leave side wanted to achieve during the referendum.  They wanted a different way of doing things." READ MORE: Fury erupts as Labour 'whinge' over partygate scandal Mr Corbyn has since been suspended from the Labour Party after stating antisemitism in the party had been overstated for political reasons. Polling expert Sir John Curtice has claimed it is "virtually impossible" for Mr Corbyn to return under Keir Starmer. Sir John told GB News: "Jeremy Corbyn is no longer member of the Labour Party and I suspect is never going to be readmitted to the Labour Party. "Keir Starmer has made that now virtually impossible for him. "So far as those members of the Labour Party who had some sympathy for this Stop the War, what of course is true is that Keir Starmer said you're taking your names off the early day motion you have signed or you're on the whip suspended that duly happened. "Yes, of course, some Labour MPs still then I think spoke at a rally organised by Stop the War movement but you know, there, to be honest, you have to decide to what extent you are willing to go and what is a reasonable licence for MPs to have." Sir Keir has been explicit in his desire to pull the party back from the leftward shift seen under Jeremy Corbyn, as he stressed his party could return to power after the next election. DON'T MISS Labour coup: Rosie Duffield turns on Keir Starmer in trans row [INSIGHT]Boris Johnson fury in brutal nuclear jibe 'Why have French got 56?!' [ANALYSIS]Len McCluskey urges Labour to back second Scottish referendum [VIDEO] In a 35-minute speech from the Royal Concert Hall in Glasgow, Sir Keir also highlighted the importance of Scottish votes in the next poll, which is expected before the end of 2024. "Our duty to win does mean keeping our discipline," he said. "Never losing sight of who it is that we need to convince - working people and especially those who voted for electoral opponents. "We can win and we can make a change or we can pursue apparent political purity inside this party - but please, make no mistake, we cannot do both. "Running away from the mainstream is running away from voters."