The US singer-songwriter, 76, stars in classic comedy ‘Steel Magnolias’ on Channel 5 this afternoon. The country legend plays Truvy Jones, a beauty salon boss who runs operations from her home in a small Louisiana town. Her character hires Annelle Dupuy, a newly arrived beauty school graduate played by Daryl Hannah. The story centres on the friendship of a diverse group of women who support one another through tragedy. The film’s stellar cast also includes Sally Field, Olympia Dukakis, Julia Roberts and Shirley MacLaine. Although Dolly has appeared in a string of films, she is best known for her hits such as ‘9 to 5’ and ‘Jolene’. While she has delighted her fans with her music for decades, Dolly has privately been fighting a stark health battle. In a throwback interview, the five-foot entertainer opened up about putting on 50lbs, which meant her “strained” body “couldn't hold up”. Her comments feature in the 2017 book, ‘Dolly on Dolly: Interviews and Encounters with Dolly Parton’, in which Randy L. Schmidt pulled together some of the best interviews from her career. JUST IN: Before We Die: Will there be another series? Lesley Sharp talks Channel 4 drama's future In one, Dolly said: “I was always just a hog, I still am. I’m short and I have a big appetite. I can’t do nothing just a little. “It’s hard for me to love a little, have sex a little, to eat a little. I like to do everything and I like to do it all the way that I want to do it. “On top of being medicated, Dietin' Dolly would go on liquid protein, Scarsdale, Atkins, the water diet, then I'd binge, diet, gain, start all over again. “Eventually my system wouldn't work anymore. My body couldn't hold up under that strain.” Dolly was taking antibiotics and steroids after suffering from intense abdominal pain and bleeding. The star was in pain for years and had even undergone two surgeries to prevent internal haemorrhaging. Dolly said she loved junk food, including pizza, McDonald’s, French fries, popcorn and other snacks. The star revealed how she would go from binge eating to dieting and could gain 10lbs in 10 days. Known for her slim figure, Dolly also admitted she is not afraid of the occasional bit of cosmetic surgery. She said: “If you get those little pouches that no amount of exercise or diet's going to get, well, you just go in for a sucking. DON'T MISS: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]F1 star Yuki Tsunoda's huge rant at Sergio Perez: 'F*** off, he's a c***' [INSIGHT]Grant Shapps' former alter ego as 'multimillion-dollar web marketer' [ANALYSIS] “If it makes you feel your best self – and as long as you don't get your plastic surgeon from the Yellow pages – what's wrong with it?” Dolly also mentioned her husband Carl, who she married in 1966, but who largely remains out of the public eye. The singer said: “He doesn't care if I'm fat. He was never turned off. “He is a fool enough to think I'm the sexiest, prettiest woman in the world.” ‘Dolly on Dolly: Interviews and Encounters with Dolly Parton’ was written by Randy L. Schmidt and published by Chicago Review Press in 2017. It is available here. ‘Steel Magnolias’ airs on Channel 5 today from 2:05pm-4:05pm.