Chelsea are reportedly willing to sell Timo Werner this summer, with the striker mulling over his options for the approaching transfer window. Werner has failed to live up to his price tag at the Blues so far and, although he is not agitating for a transfer, a move is being considered by the club.    Chelsea paid £53million to RB Leipzig for Werner in July 2020 after he netted 95 goals in 159 matches across all competitions for the German side. But that kind of goal scoring form has not come with him to west London, where he has scored 19 times in 80 matches so far for Chelsea. Werner’s struggles in front of goal for Chelsea has been particularly evident this season when compared to his efforts for Germany. The 26-year-old has scored seven goals in 28 appearances for his club and six times in as many games for his national team. His patchy form in front of goal means Chelsea ‘would be willing to sell’, according to Sky Germany – although that apparent desire could prove difficult. Werner is under contract until June 2025, earns £14m per year according to The Telegraph, and would have a price tag of £42m (€50m) for any interested parties.  JUST IN: Chelsea were 'best-placed' to sign Tchouameni before sanctions hit His financial situation could therefore price him out of any transfer this summer, even if Borussia Dortmund are interested. For his part, Werner is said to be ‘at least thinking’ about his future, although he has not committed to leaving the club he signed for less than two years ago. Werner managed just 12 goals in 52 appearances in his debut season for Chelsea in 2020/21 and has found things equally difficult this season since Romelu Lukaku was added to the mix following his £97.5m move from Inter Milan. His frustrations with the situation at Chelsea were made clear following Germany’s 2-0 win over Israel last week. DON'T MISS Egypt claim Salah targeted by racist abuse and intimidation in Senegal Harry Maguire 'enjoyed' England duty despite 'ridiculous' boos Man Utd ‘ready to splash £76m on Tammy Abraham' despite Chelsea clause  "I'm a striker and always want to score,” Werner said. “Things aren't going the way I'd like at Chelsea, so it's all the better that things are going well here under Hansi Flick. I really enjoy playing football, no matter where I'm playing. “There are differences in the style of play between football at Chelsea and here. Maybe the one at the national team suits me better. Here, I always have scoring chances, I can score goals. I feel very comfortable here." Werner started in Germany’s 1-1 friendly draw against the Netherlands on Tuesday and will now return to Chelsea ahead of their game against Brentford on Saturday. Thomas Tuchel’s side remain third in the Premier League, 10 points adrift of Liverpool, despite winning their last five league matches. 