Answering questions in the House of Commons the Chancellor came under pressure to do more to help those grappling with record prices at the pumps. The average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Sunday was 163.5p, while diesel was 173.4p. Mr Sunak promised to "bear in mind" the solutions suggested by his colleagues in the Commons to help those hit by the cost. Tory MP Jake Berry, who chairs the influential Northern Research Group of red wall parliamentarians who won Boris Johnson the last general election, urged the Treasury to look at cutting fuel duty and also the mileage recovery rates that determines the amount of fuel per mile that employees can expense without paying tax. He said: "When the Chancellor thinks about his spring statement coming up, will he not only look at cutting fuel duty, but also look at mileage recovery rates. "They have been at 45 pence per mile for over a decade, now is the time to put them up to 60 at least." READ MORE: National Insurance: Brits to be hit with huge hike as PM ploughs on The Rossendale and Darwen MP added that the rise in fuel prices had led to a large increase in VAT collected by the Government. "With the cost of fuel now being an eye-watering £2 a litre in some areas, it's led to a huge VAT windfall from the Treasury," he said. Responding, Mr Sunak said: "I'm grateful to him for his suggestions, of course I'll bear them in mind. "He's right about the rising cost of fuel at the pumps. "Although, I am pleased to see that over the last few days the price of brent has fallen by about 25 percent, just illustrating the volatility of the situation we're currently experiencing." Despite the drop in wholesale petrol prices, Britons are still seeing record prices at the pumps. DON'T MISS:Thousands of petrol and diesel drivers not compliant with car tax rule [INSIGHT]Britons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move [WARNING]Parking law change which would see drivers pay £1,000 a space slammed [REACTION] Fuel duty has been frozen by the Conservatives at 57.95p per litre for the past 11 years. However, with prices continuing to surge, MPs are now demanding the Chancellor go further and commit to a cut. At the same time, the current mileage recovery rates have not changed since April 2012, despite inflation since then. The Chancellor is set to give a mini-budget later this month. On March 23 Mr Sunak will deliver his Spring Statement to the House of Commons giving his assessment of the state of the economy. While big Government spending decisions are usually announced in the Budget in the autumn, Chancellors often use the statement as an opportunity to announce some measures to respond to the economic circumstances of the day. The Labour Party has accused the Chancellor of so far failing to take action to help those grappling with rising costs. Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said: "The Chancellor is totally out of touch. "He doesn't seem to understand how the cost of living crisis is affecting the least well off in society."