Raymond Dudley, from Longton in Staffordshire, triggered his lifeline after suffering three bleeds in a day. An ambulance was called to take him to Royal Stoke University Hospital at 12.52am on Saturday, but it did not show up until 5am. Once Raymond arrived at the Royal Stoke he had to wait another two hours in the back of the ambulance before he could be admitted. It was the second time within two weeks Mr Dudley faced NHS delays. He spent more than three hours in the back of an ambulance during a similar incident on March 15. Daughter Lynn Dudley, from Bradwell, said: "Dad activated his lifeline at around midnight and the responder said that he'd have to wait for an ambulance to take him to hospital. "But that took hours and, then when he got to the hospital, he had to wait from 5.30am to 7.30am to be admitted. "They might think he was a lower priority than other cases, but his nose was still bleeding while he was waiting for the ambulance."  Ms Dudley, 53, told StokeonTrentLive: "I think he must have lost about two pints of blood. It's just so upsetting that this keeps happening to him. It's also frustrating that they can't seem to stop the nosebleeds." As of Monday, Raymond was still at the Royal Stoke, waiting for a care package that would allow him to return home. A West Midlands Ambulance Service (WMAS) spokesman said: "The Trust will always respond as quickly as it can to patients based on the priority of their need. "Each call is assessed based on the information provided to us and categorised based on that information. We received four calls about Mr Dudley who had suffered a nose bleed. "Unfortunately, long hospital handover delays mean some patients are waiting far longer for an ambulance to come to them than we would want, particularly those in lower categories, for which we apologise."  READ MORE ABOUT A POWER CUT IN LONDON He added that the whole of the NHS remains under severe pressure and the service continues to work with local partners to find ways to reduce the hospital handover delays so crews can respond more quickly. WMAS admitted Mr Dudley was delayed being handed over to hospital staff due to delays at A&E, adding he continued to receive clinical care until the crew could hand him over. The spokesman said that despite the delays, WMAS is currently the third best performing ambulance service in the country. Dr Matthew Lewis, medical director at University Hospitals of North Midlands, said: "The number of very sick patients coming into our emergency departments and needing hospital care with COVID-19 have increased significantly. "We would never want our patients to wait unnecessarily and we have worked closely with our ambulance service colleagues to introduce new processes to improve the safety and experience of patients who may unfortunately need to wait in ambulances to be admitted.  DON'T MISS: ‘Step away from crack pipe' Ferrari intervenes in Insulate Britain row [LATEST] Eurostar under threat as new competitor in 'advanced talks' [REVEALED] Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie step out on emotional day for Royals [REPORT] "Meanwhile, we continue to work with local healthcare partners to ensure that people are seen quickly in the right clinical environment, and that those who need hospital treatment can be safely discharged home afterwards with the right package of care." It comes as a survey showed the public's satisfaction with the NHS has fallen to the lowest level in 25 years. For the first time since 2002 more people were dissatisfied with the NHS compared with those who were satisfied. Just 36 percent of people said they were satisfied with the service in 2021, the lowest since 1997. About 41 percent were "very" or "quite" dissatisfied, according to the 2021 British Social Attitudes survey. Waiting times, staff shortages and funding remained the top reasons for dissatisfaction, according to the King's Fund and Nuffield Trust health think tanks, which published the report.  Dan Wellings, senior fellow at the King's Fund, said there appeared to be a "halo effect" around the NHS during the pandemic where levels of satisfaction were "measures of support for the service during that period". He added that the grace period started to come to an end last year. Mr Welling said: "By the time we were in field we almost have six million people (on the waiting list in England) - now that's four in 10 of the population who are on the waiting list or have a family member who is, and that's the story behind the frustration - people deteriorating and in pain, people visiting their GP because they can't get into hospital because of the waiting lists." Professor Stephen Powis, national medical director for the NHS in England, said NHS staff had had one of the most challenging years in its 73-year history, working flat out in 2021 to treat 300,000 patients in hospital with Covid, while delivering routine care for millions of people and the highly successful vaccination programme. He added: "While the pandemic inevitably had an impact on routine care, the NHS has set out a blueprint to address the COVID-19 backlogs as well as setting out plans to improve GP access and so, anyone who has health concerns should continue to come forward for the care they need."  A Welsh Government spokesperson thanked NHS staff in Wales for their heroic efforts and said the National Survey for Wales, which questioned more than 3,000 people last year, found 96 percent said they were treated with dignity and respect and 93 percent were satisfied with the care received. They added: "We are investing in transforming the way health and social care is delivered including nearly £250 million this year to help address the backlog that has built up over the last 20 months." A Scottish Government spokesperson said: "This UK-wide survey does not specifically reflect public satisfaction in Scotland, which the most recent, pre-pandemic survey showed was at the highest level on record. "The pandemic is the biggest challenge our NHS has ever faced, and we are determined to recover and re-design our services and have committed £1 billion as part of that recovery effort." 