The Diabetes Prevention Programme identifies people most at risk of developing type two diabetes and gives them a nine-month plan to help them change their lifestyles. As a result of the plan, it is estimated around 18,000 fewer people were diagnosed with type two diabetes between 2018 and 2019. This marks a seven percent reduction. As well as focussing on eating and exercise habits, the programme offers support groups and a digital service to help participants monitor their progress. READ MORE: Norovirus: Outbreaks of vomiting bug - symptoms to spot  Research fellow at the University of Manchester, where the study on the programme was undertaken, Emma McManus described diabetes as a “growing problem” for the UK. On average the NHS spends around 10 percent of its annual budget on the condition. Of type two diabetes McManus said: “If you change your lifestyle, the risk of developing type 2 diabetes reduces. “Our research has shown that the programme has been successful in reducing the number of new cases of diabetes.”  Senior clinical adviser at Diabetes UK Emma Elvin added: “This research adds to the evidence that many type 2 diabetes cases can be delayed or prevented with the right support and further highlights how the NHS diabetes prevention programme can be a real turning point for people at risk of type two diabetes.” It is estimated that as well as helping people improve their health, preventing people from developing type two diabetes could save money. The NHS currently spends £10 billion a year on diabetes and issues relating to the condition. Furthermore, spending money on preventing people from developing type 2 diabetes could save them from developing other conditions too. A new study has found those with type two diabetes face an increased risk of developing a number of serious conditions. Research carried out by the University of Cambridge found they were more likely to develop cancer, kidney disease, macular degeneration, neurological issues and eye problems. Director of Research at Diabetes UK, Dr Elizabeth Robertson said: “This study illustrates in alarming detail the unacceptable prevalence of poor health in middle-aged people with type two diabetes and is a stark reminder of the extensive and serious long-term effects of diabetes on the body. “That’s why it’s so important that people at increased risk of type two diabetes are supported to reduce their risk, and that those living with the condition have continued access to routine care and support to manage it well and avoid or delay complications.” Type two diabetes is the most common form of diabetes. Symptoms of the condition include:• Peeing more than usual, particularly at night• Feeling thirsty all the time• Feeling very tired• Losing weight without trying to• Itching around the penis or vagina• Repeated episodes of thrush• Cuts or wounds taking longer to heal• Blurred vision. For more information about type two diabetes contact the NHS or consult with your GP. 