But while it can sometimes be seen as a funny occurrence, nearly three-quarters (72 percent) of adults who snore or live with a snorer in Brighton, have been left so tired it has affected their day-to-day life. Of those, 40 percent have snapped at someone, and the same number have turned to high fat or sugar foods to keep them awake the next day. Second place went to Glasgow, with 63 percent of its residents admitting to being a snorer – followed by Chelmsford, Aberdeen and Leicester (all 58 percent). But Liverpool was found to be the “quietest” city, with just 44 percent of people being snorers. It also emerged that of the UK adults who snore, men are the biggest culprits, with 59 percent admitting to being a snorer, compared to just 46 percent of women. And the most likely age group to snore are those aged 55-64 (64 percent), followed by 65 and overs (57 percent) and 18-24-year-olds (53 percent). Dr Ellie Cannon, GP and Campaign Ambassador for nasal dilator www.mutesnoring.com, which commissioned the Global Snore Censuzz, said: “Sleep is hugely important for our physical and mental health. “While snoring might seem like a light-hearted and funny thing, it can have a huge impact on the quality and length of people’s sleep – and it seems those in Brighton may be faring worse than most. “If you are the one being kept awake by the snoring, it can be infuriating and leave you struggling the next day thanks to the time spent lying there trying to nod off. “But it can also mean the person snoring is not getting the best quality sleep either – whether that’s from waking themselves up, or from having their partner nudge them in the night.” The study also found “a growl” is the most common way people have had their snoring described to them (22 percent), while 16 percent have been told it resembles a roar. Others have had comparisons with a train (13 percent), thunder (15 percent) – and even Darth Vader (13 percent). But snoring has seen 51 percent elbowed or kicked by their partner in bed in a bid to get them to stop, while one in three have simply been woken up to quieten the noise. Others have moved to a different room (25 percent) or the sofa (16 percent) to sleep, or have used ear plugs (20 percent). The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found more than a third (35 percent) of adults think snoring is the most annoying noise when you are awake at night or trying to get to sleep. And snoring also tops the list of a partner’s most annoying habits – ahead of leaving clothes lying around, spending too much time on their phone, and leaving lights on. For one in ten, it has been so bad that they have even sought help from a medical professional for their or their partner’s snoring. It also emerged Brits get an average of nearly six-and-a-half hours sleep a night, with 32 percent unhappy with the quality of it. They also suffer broken sleep on four nights a week. Steve Smith, UK director for www.mutesnoring.com, said: “Snoring can be so disruptive to our sleep – whether it’s you who snores or someone you live with. “And our global report, designed to get under the skin of snoring and sleeping habits across the UK, USA and Australia, shows that it is a widespread issue. “Millions of people around the world are affected by it, and it is often wrongly regarded as something you have to put up with, despite there being different things you can try to help. “Freeing up the airways with a nasal dilator like Mute to help your breathing while you sleep can really help some snorers to give them – and their partner – a quieter night.” CITIES WITH THE MOST SNORERS (percentage of the population who snore): DR ELLIE CANNON'S TOP FIVE TIPS: TOP 10 WAYS PEOPLE HAVE HAD THEIR SNORE DESCRIBED: TOP 10 THINGS PEOPLE HAVE DONE AS A RESULT OF THEIR PARTNER'S SNORING: