Christian Horner is not buying the noises from Mercedes suggesting they might struggle to match their championship rivals for pace over the course of the season. Many of the big players in the sport at talking down their own chances before the competitive action begins, with some possibly playing mind games to hide their strength. Mercedes are one of the teams who have been suggesting that they might be set for a tough start to the campaign. Team boss Toto Wolff has said as much, as have their two drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. "It's hard to say exactly where we'll fit in the competitive order this weekend in Bahrain, but that's what makes this new season and new era so exciting," wrote Wolff in his pre-weekend notes. "It's a clean slate for everyone and all to play for. "Like we always say, what we love about F1 is that the stopwatch never lies – and we will get our first understanding of the competitive truth on Saturday in qualifying. I'm excited to see what the weekend has in store." JUST IN: Charles Leclerc reacts to pipping Max Verstappen to pole in Bahrain Meanwhile, on a visit to Expo 2020 Dubai ahead of this weekend, Hamilton admitted: "The testing has been difficult. It's crazy because, years ago, we used to have a lot of test days and now we only have, literally, three days in the car altogether? So it's not a lot of laps." "When we go into this race, this week, we're still learning about the car – we probably will be for the first four races at least. We've got a lot of problems. As you have seen, everyone is bouncing up and down." But Red Bull chief Horner is aware there could be some mind games being played, and expects to see more from the Silver Arrows than they have shown so far. "Ferrari have looked competitive from day one, but Mercedes... we haven't seen their true performance yet. We know they are going to be a big factor this season," he told Sky Sports. Instead of dwelling too much on others and how they might perform over the coming season, Horner was keen to sing the praises of his Red Bull colleagues for their work over the winter. Rather than be coy about his team's performance, he has admitted that Red Bull are possibly ahead of where some might have expected them to be. DON'T MISS:Max Verstappen taunts Lewis Hamilton after securing second placeMercedes concede defeat with Red Bull 'in a league of their own'Christian Horner makes George Russell and Daniel Ricciardo link "I think the technical team have done a great job, I really do," he said. "The aero group, the the design team, vehicle dynamics – obviously we pushed them so hard last year in that titanic battle and expected to come into this season on the back foot, but the fact we've got a good foundation is really encouraging for the season ahead." That titanic battle he referred to was, of course, Max Verstappen's eventually successful title challenge against Hamilton. There had been suggestions that, because his team were so intent on giving the Dutchman every weapon they could for the fight, that their development for the 2022 season might have been hindered. But that seems to not be the case, with Verstappen setting the fastest times in practice ahead of this weekend's race. Asked if he feels the team might feel the effects later in the season instead, Horner seemed to be of the opinion that they might have avoided too big of a hit altogether. "I think it would have had a bigger impact at the beginning of the year, rather than the end of the year, because we know other teams applied more resource earlier," he said. "But I think the work ethic that's gone in in Milton Keynes, the long hours, the weekends – they pay off at the end of the day. We've got a really talented team and they've done a great job to come up with the package that we're starting the season with." 