Mikhail Fishman, one of the leading presenters of TV Rain before it was shut down, told Express.co.uk that he believes Russia as a country will cease to exist following the Ukrainian conflict. While Mr Fishman said the Ukrainians were "no doubt" suffering the most, Russians have also been hit badly by the conflict who may want nothing to do with it. He added Putin's legacy will centre around the "downfall" of Russia before telling Express.co.uk about his safety concerns following the country's media crackdown. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Mr Fishman was asked what the future of Russia would look like after the war and whether Putin would be able to stay in power. He said: "It's not only Ukraine which suffers from that from this war. "[Putin] already also ruined Russia, it's a tragedy what happened, not only for Ukraine. "Of course, Ukraine is suffering the most [and] are paying with their lives, this is correct, this is totally true. "But Russia is destroyed as well, this is an epic downfall that Russia is going through right now and [it's possible it will never return]. "We will probably lose Russia as a country as we know it because of [the war]. "That's what's happening between before our eyes, right now, that's what Vladimir Putin has made. He lost Russia, that's for sure." Mr Fishman hosted "And So On" on TV Rain before the station was forced to shut down several weeks ago.  The independent broadcaster had been critical of the Kremlin's involvement in Ukraine and was forced to close or staff would face imprisonment. Mr Fishman was one of the staff members who fled the country for their safety and explained he had been struggling to get through certain borders. He shared his emotional account of having to reinvent himself and look for a new life as his old one was now gone. The Russian journalist also said there was a "big question" for many independent journalists who were desperately asking "what next". DON'T MISSPutin more than capable of launching nuclear war 'He's a psychopath!'  [INSIGHT]Queen withholds royal sword in boycott of Russia [REVEAL]Hillary Clinton mocks Russia as Putin slaps Americans with sanctions [SPOTLIGHT]  Despite being forced to go dark, Mr Fishman told Express.co.uk he was fully expecting a tough government crackdown. He recalled the scenes several years ago during the Crimea annexation and introduction of anti-LGBT laws. TV Rain faced several threats from the Government after it spoke out against the events and was faced with closure. Mr Fishman said while he expected the same thing with Ukraine, he did not think it would happen so brutally and so swift. 