Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has spoken out on the Blues' chaotic ownership situation after Roman Abramovich was hit by sanctions from the UK government. The Russian saw his assets frozen on Thursday, including Chelsea Football Club, which threatens to have a devastating impact unless a speedy resolution can be found. Abramovich had already announced his intention to sell the club as the fallout from Russian President Vladimir Putin's military assault on Ukraine began to take hold. His reluctance to settle for a quickfire deal looks to have come at a price, however, as fresh sanctions mean he will not receive any of the proceeds if the club's ownership changes hands. It also means that the club cannot sell tickets, sell merchandise, buy players or offer new contracts under their current circumstances. When quizzed on the matter before Chelsea's tie with Norwich on Thursday evening, Tuchel did his best to remain positive. JUST IN: PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi 'under UEFA investigation' for furious Real Madrid antics "I'm not sure I am concerned but I am aware of it," he claimed. "It changes almost every day. I am still happy to be here and still happy to be manager of a strong team. I know there is a lot of noise around. "It’s quite a big change from yesterday to today but yeah we can’t influence it, we didn’t cause the situation. "In the moment it seems that business, let’s say football-wise is more or less protected, but let’s see."   The Blues' shirt sponsor, Three, suspended their partnership with the club in light of the current situation, requesting that they remove their brand logo from shirts. With little time to respond before the Norwich game, however, Chelsea did not fulfil their request. Having brought or, as some might have it, bought so much success in a 19-year stint at Stamford Bridge, Blues fans continued to voice their support for Abramovich with chants at Carrow Road, even despite the atrocities unfolding in Ukraine. A change of hands seems likely though, with a trio of American interested parties believed to be in contention.  The level of uncertainty naturally raised questions over Tuchel's future as Chelsea boss, which he also addressed on Thursday. "It can change tomorrow and then we need to see," he added. "It’s not a relief, for me personally it’s a joy, a joy all the time to arrive even in situations where noise or circumstances are so obvious. "Even more so I feel privileged to have the chance to be involved in games, in coaching, in football, this is what I love."