Cristiano Ronaldo has been called out by Spanish football journalist Guillem Balague, who has claimed the Portugal international demanded the Manchester United team “play for him” following his arrival at Old Trafford last summer. And Balague has insisted that Ronaldo would have preferred to sign for Manchester City. Ronaldo enjoyed a sensational six-year spell with United during the early part of his career after joining the club from Sporting Lisbon in 2003. During his first stint at Old Trafford, Ronaldo bagged 118 goals and won the Champions League and Club World Cup as well as three Premier League titles. He departed Manchester in 2009 to embark on his next challenge at Real Madrid, before spending three years with Juventus. But United fans were sent into ecstasy last summer after the club landed the player for a second time. And he marked his return with a brace as the Red Devils thrashed Newcastle 4-1 in the Premier League in September. Ronaldo has racked-up an impressive 18 goals in 32 games for United this season, including six in the group stages of the Champions League. And on Saturday he banged in a hat-trick against Tottenham. READ MORE: Man Utd fans pelt Simeone with missiles after Atletico Madrid loss  But the 37-year-old has come under fire at times throughout the campaign and has been vilified for not offering the side enough away from his goalscoring presence. Ronaldo’s best days are clearly behind him and he now struggles to influence matches in the same way he once did. And Balague has intimated that Ronaldo had a selfish attitude when he returned to United after he had pushed for a move to City. “His signing was a typical decision of a club lacking direction and criteria,” the journalist wrote on Twitter. “He was not needed. Once he landed be wanted the team to play for him and he is in no position to ask for that. He would have fitted better at City with a smaller role of playing inside the box and plenty of service. That is why City was his preferred choice (and the one of his agent).” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message      United were dumped out of the Champions League by Atletico Madrid on Tuesday night and face a huge battle to secure a top-four Premier League finish this season after an indifferent spell of form. But, despite his side’s struggles, Ronaldo became the all-time highest scorer in men’s football after his three goals against Spurs. And the ace illustrated his class as he sent a message out to thank the people who had helped him achieve the feat. “Proud to overcome one more challenge by becoming the world's club top goal-scorer only six months after becoming the world's international top goal-scorer,” the veteran wrote on Instagram. “Thanks to all the players I've come across throughout my career, thanks to all the clubs that I represented, thanks to all my fans and, above all, thanks to my wonderful family. I couldn't have done it without you.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 