Princess Eugenie was able to introduce her baby boy August Philip Hawke to her grandfather Prince Philip shortly before he died. Baby August was born in February just weeks before the Duke of Edinburgh died on April 9. In a clip of the BBC documentary Prince Philip: The Royal Family Remembers airing ahead of the special memorial service in tribute of the Duke of Edinburgh, Eugenie talked of the special relationship she shared with her grandfather. She said: "We named August, August Philip because grandpa had been such a huge, inspiring character in my life.  "I brought little August to come and meet him and told him that we'd named him after him and it was such a lovely moment. "We were very lucky to do that." Princess Eugenie attended her grandfather's memorial service at Westminster Abbey with her husband Jack Brooksbank. Eugenie's older sister, Princess Beatrice, was also at the thanksgiving service with her husband, Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi. Prince Philip memorial LIVE: Royals join to remember Prince Philip on Queen's poignant day Princess Beatrice was spotted hiding behind the order of service after she seemingly became emotional while listening to the choir. The Queen, who took special care to attend after having previously cancelled other events due to ill health following a bout of Covid, also appeared teary-eyed. Most of the senior Royal Family, including Prince Andrew, were at the service to pay tribute to the "beloved" Duke of Edinburgh. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle did not return to the UK, with the Duke of Sussex citing concerns about his family's security. READ MORE: Prince George and Charlotte melt hearts as they shake hands with clergymen 'A natural!'  Some 1,800 people packed the gothic church - in marked contrast to Philip's funeral where only 30 were permitted to attend amid Covid restrictions, with the Queen sat alone, masked in mourning. The Queen had been determined to make the appearance at the deeply significant service in honour of her "strength and stay" Philip. But having previously had to pull out from other engagements, her attendance was only confirmed a little over two hours before the ceremony began. The thanksgiving service was the Queen's first major official engagement outside one of her homes for nearly six months, since she travelled to Cardiff to deliver a speech at the Welsh Senedd on October 14. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William 'severely wounded' [LIVE] Prince Harry could live ‘lifetime filled with regret’ [ANALYSIS] Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [INSIGHT]  In addition to Her Majesty and other senior members of the Royal Family, the Duke of Edinburgh's Greek, Danish and German relatives also travelled to the UK for the service. Bernhard, Hereditary Prince of Baden, Prince Donatus, Landgrave of Hesse, and Prince Philipp of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, who also attended his funeral in April 2021, were in the front row assisting the ceremony. Queen Margrethe of Denmark and former queen of The Netherlands, Beatrix, alongside King Philip and Queen Letizia of Spain and King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima of The Netherlands were also present.