The Netflix drama’s lavish sets and costumes are just as vital as its steamy romances and scandalous sex scenes. While Bridgerton season two has been slammed for toning down the raunch, there are still plenty of luxurious dresses to enjoy, though some of the cast still struggle to keep everything in order. Polly Walker has claimed she wasn’t comfortable in some of Lady Portia Featherington’s extravagant costumes while filming Bridgerton season two. The Featheringtons are back for the show’s second outing, which welcomes a new family to the ranks just as Viscount Anthony (played by Jonathan Bailey) announces his wishes for marriage. However, the marriage market is once again plagued by the wickedly sharp pen of Lady Whistledown, now revealed to be none other than Portia’s daughter, Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan). Although there is still plenty of visual splendour for fans to enjoy, season two has received mixed reviews so far thanks to a much more subdued central romance. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role Plus, some of the cast appear to be getting tired of having to get gussied up in their cumbersome Regency-era costumes. Series regular Polly recently opened up about Portia’s outlandish floral costumes, which often proved difficult behind the scenes. “I can’t say that mine were comfortable,” she admitted. “I have a massive corset going on.” The modern corsets may not be quite as constraining as the real thing, but many of the show’s actresses still have to endure tight dresses for hours on end during filming. Unfortunately, the corsets weren’t the only thing about Polly’s outfits which she struggled with. “I also have little white tights that wouldn’t stay up,” she recalled at Bridgerton’s recent press conference in London. “So, I might have looked very elegant, but my tights were like a two-year-old’s, they kept slipping down by my ankles.” Polly’s wardrobe malfunctions obviously weren’t visible in the show itself, as the second season’s production is just as polished as ever. DON'T MISS:BBC viewers slam ‘pointless’ Rishi Sunak interview [REACTION]The Blacklist’s Ilya Koslov star lands major role on rival drama [NEWS]New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air [LATEST] However, the actress often found herself hitching up her tights in-between takes to ensure her costumes weren’t out of line. Thankfully, she assured the show’s fans: “It was all for a good cause.” Polly’s co-star Golda Rosheuvel, who portrays Queen Charlotte, gave some tips for how actresses should prepare for period dramas. She said: “My costumes… they’re great. They’re amazing. I love them. I am double-corseted.” “I train three times a week, I eat healthily, I drink lots of water. Because you have to have stamina to wear those costumes so the recovery days are less difficult. “I haven’t died yet, my insides are still intact. But one has to be very careful. Match fit, you’ve got to be match fit.” Of course, all the actresses made it out the other side despite their costume woes, and they’ll be back in due course for seasons three and four. Bridgerton season 2 is available to stream on Netflix.