Call The Midwife season 11 has finished airing on the BBC and the latest series took an emotional turn. Dr Turner (played by Stephen McGann) was left to rely on his son Timothy (Max Macmillan) to support him. The character has a few children in the TV series, but does he have kids off-screen? Call The Midwife fans have fallen in love with the Turner family over the years. Dr Turner's eldest child, Timothy, is training to become a doctor just like his father. His wife Shelagh (Laura Main) is also dedicated to taking care of her beloved children. In real life, actor McGann is married to the show's creator, Heidi Thomas. READ MORE: Stephen McGann age: How old is Call The Midwife's Stephen McGann? They tied the knot in 1990 and they have one son, Dominic, together. Dominic's exact age is not known but he is now an adult. Back in September 2021, McGann shared a photo of himself with his on-screen son Max MacMillan at the NTAs. He said: "Fake son is at his first NTAs!", to which a fan replied: "Are there any photos of fake sone and @dommcgann together?" Dominic commented: "Sadly not - legend says that if we touch the Universe begins anew." Macmillan added: "Still waiting for the time when we'll have enough power to join forces and defeat Stephen." Stephen then shared the conversation, saying: "Hehehe! When real son and fake son start plotting behind your back." [Sic] Dominic is a graduate scholar in theology at Exeter College, Oxford. He is also chief content officer at IntoGrad, a postgraduate mentoring service. In December 2021, Stephen wrote a column for inews about his children on and off-screen. DON'T MISS... Call the Midwife star on being banned from reading scripts early [INSIGHT] Call The Midwife star reveals Doctor Turner was nearly axed BBC series [INTERVIEW] Laura Main age: How old is the Call The Midwife actress? [EXPLAINER] He wrote: "Not only am I father to an adult son, I am also the fictional father to a large screen family. "As Dr Turner in Call the Midwife I have enjoyed the lavish privilege of watching a fictional family of children grow up around me and start to take their own place in the world. "Max Macmillan, who plays my son Timothy, began as a 12-year-old child in the first Christmas special but has recently graduated from university. "Alice Brown, who plays young Angela, has grown from a babe in arms into an adorable eight-year-old in the blinking of my middle-aged eye." The actor comes from a family of famous faces as his three brothers are all in the business. Joe, Paul and Mark have all starred on the stage and screen and have numerous notable credits. He also has a younger sister who was named Clare, after his mother. Stephen will be returning for the 12th season of Call The Midwife, which has already been commissioned.  Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Season 11 is airing on PBS in the US.