Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram after sharing unusual cleaning tips and tricks. Now more of a family account, Mrs Hinch shares her day-to-day life with her four million followers. Some fans of the guru share their own advice on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to remove “nasty” hoover smells. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Chantel Ratcliffe wrote: “Any ideas on how I can stop my vacuum cleaner from smelling when I use it?” A number of issues can cause a vacuum cleaner to smell during and after use. If it has contents such as pet hair, mould, excessive dust, the hoover can begin to smell once inside the hoover. This can then circulate around the home when vacuuming it. READ MORE: ‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ The post attracted more than 30 comments from Mrs Hinch fans recommending tips to help prevent the smell. Danielle Cox commented: “I use washing powder, sprinkle it on the carpet and wait for 20 minutes. “Then I use an empty vacuum as normal. The whole room and the vacuum will smell amazing after.” Julie Dixon said: “Hoover up loads of washing powder!” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes [COMMENT]‘Quick’ gardening jobs to do now in time for spring [EXPLAINER]Cleaning: 'Toxic' products with 'harmful ingredients' to 'avoid' [INSIGHT] Jordy Jordan wrote: “Hoover half a cup of washing powder and make sure to clean the filters.” Sophie Saunders commented: “My vacuum was smelling really nasty so I also tried the washing powder trick and it works wonders.” Baby powder can also work just as well, sprinkling it on the carpet before vacuuming it up. It can also help to remove any lingering smells, leaving a fresh scent in the home. Some group members recommended using essential oil, placing it in the vacuum bag. Pauline Maria said: “Lavender oil. I literally turn it on and put a few drops in the hose, it sits in the filter.” Lesley Dickinson wrote: “Hoover up some lavender.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended mixing some essential oil with water and placing in a spray bottle with baking soda. After, the spray can be used inside the vacuum bag or on the dust canister. Baking soda is a well known odour absorber and can help to remove various different smells in the house. What’s more, it is affordable to buy as well as being a natural cleaning product. Some group members advised others to clean the filters, rinsing them with fabric conditioner. They should then be completely dried before they are then used when vacuuming.