On Thursday P&O sacked 800 of its workers on the spot in a pre-recorded Zoom meeting and announced it was replacing them with cheaper overseas labour. An exclusive report by The Mirror claimed that P&O chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite told Cruise & Ferry magazine that “only the fittest survive and we had to get fitter” after axing an initial 1,100 jobs in response to Covid-19 last May  The boss, who lives in a Cotswolds farmhouse set in six acres, said of the 2021 cull: “Only the fittest survive and we had to get fitter.” He added: “My priority is still to grow our business through our people and our customers.” He insisted there were “exciting times ahead”. Mr Hebblethwaite also told Ferry Business magazine last summer service staff were “exceedingly important”.   Downing Street has said it received no prior warnings from P&O, although it is understood senior officials in the Department for Transport were informed on Wednesday of P&O's intentions. According to the Government's website, an employer seeking to make 100 or more people redundant must notify the Business Secretary 45 days before letting staff go and failure to comply with the rule “may result in prosecution and a fine, on summary conviction, for the company and/or officer of the company”. Armed forces minister James Heappey called P&O's actions “disgraceful” but told Sky News the Government “cannot force an employer to continue to employ people that the employer has said it doesn't want to employ.” RMT chief Mick Lynch hit back at his comments on the “P&O jobs massacre”, saying they “drag employment practices in Britain back to the dark ages”. READ MORE: Planning regs red tape ‘main reason’ for UK housing crisis – expert  Mr Lynch added: “No worker is safe from being kicked from pillar to post if we don’t stand up and fight. The alternative is pure barbarism.” But travellers and holiday firms now threaten boycotts. Maritime union Nautilus International urged the Transport Secretary to axe P&O’s British waters licences. Several people have been protesting against the mass sacking in ports across England and Northern Ireland yesterday. DON'T MISS:Nuclear convoy carrying ‘up to 6’ warheads passes GlasgowRoyal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle tipped to bag her own Oscar Queen’s befitting response and ‘withering look’ when offered a chair One travel agent has stopped taking P&O ferry bookings. West Midlands-based Sutton Travel tweeted: “A disgraceful way to treat loyal and hardworking staff.” In Hull, a sacked seaman who had been with the firm since leaving school warned: “The new crew don’t know the ship. “God forbid something happened. They would be clueless.” Labour is demanding the firm reinstate the staff and for all Government contracts with DP World to be suspended. The party claims P&O Ferries have received £38.3m in contracts since December 2018. 