On the eve of her Accession Day last month, the Queen prompted a national debate about the future of the monarchy. The Queen announced her wish for Prince Charles' wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, to be known as Queen Consort when Prince Charles is King. The statement showed that the Queen, who will celebrate her 96th birthday next month, has one eye on the future as she prepares to pass the crown to her eldest son and heir. Prince Charles has had the longest time to prepare for the throne of any heir in British royal history. Prince Charles is the longest-serving Prince of Wales in history, and he has spent his adult life supporting the Queen with royal duties. Despite his royal destiny, Charles has kept plans for his reign under wraps. But rumours of Charles' wish for a 'slimmed down' version of monarchy have long been rife. Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti recently told US Weekly: “Prince Charles will make some changes.  READ MORE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen “It’s always been rumoured that he wants to slim down the working royals at the core of the family.” What exactly Charles envisages for a slimmed-down monarchy is unclear, but it could mean fewer royals serve the crown officially. Several of the Queen's cousins, children and grandchildren have served as working royals since the Queen ascended the throne in 1952. But with the Royal Family completing a busy schedule of royal engagements every year, Charles will face difficult decisions when working out how many royals are needed.  A source told the Telegraph: "The question is whether you start off by deciding how many patronages and engagements there should be, and then work out how many people are needed to achieve them, or whether you decide how many people there should be, which will dictate how many engagements and patronages they can take on." Presently, the main working members of the Royal Family include Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and the Queen's daughter Princess Anne. The Queen's son Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex also serve the Queen in an official capacity. But which members of the Royal Family could be working royals under the reign of King Charles?  DON'T MISS:Andrew breaks cover for first time since sex abuse settlement [INSIGHT]Princess Diana ‘broke royal tradition’ with choice of engagement ring [ANALYSIS] Prince Charles visits specialist cheese maker [REPORT] As is traditionally the case for the monarch, Prince Charles might expect to rely on his wife and children to support him with royal duties when he is King. For that reason, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will likely be of great support to Charles as Queen Consort. Prince William and his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge will also likely retain their current roles as senior members of the Royal Family, and during his father's reign, William will also be heir apparent and likely the next Prince of Wales. Charles' brother Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex have proven to be dedicated working royals in recent years, so the Wessexes may also retain their royal roles when Charles is King.  And as Prince Charles' only sister, Princess Anne is likely to keep her working royal role as she has long been praised for her hard-working attitude. But Charles may also be supported in the future by his three grandchildren, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. George, Charlotte and Louis are currently third, fourth and fifth in line to the throne respectively. As adults, they may be working royals for both Prince Charles and Prince William when they each take the throne. At the moment, it seems unlikely that Prince Charles' son Prince Harry and his wife Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, will be working royals under Charles' reign. Prince Harry was once a working royal alongside his wife Meghan, but they stepped down from royal duties in March 2020. The Sussexes have set up a new life in the US, and while Harry and Meghan could choose to return to royal duties in the future, the suggestion hasn't been made presently. 