The Met Office has predicted dry and sunny weather for Tuesday and Wednesday, with little chance of rain. This is likely to continue well into the weekend as the end of March finally brings warm spring weather. Temperatures are predicted to climb into the high teens in parts of southern England, with highs of 17C possible in some areas. Even in northern England and Scotland temperatures will be comfortably above 10C, the national average for the month of March. There will be some scattered showers in the Midlands, southern Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland on Tuesday, but these are expected to clear up by Wednesday. The Met Office’s official prediction for Tuesday says: “Mostly dry with spells of hazy sunshine  “Scattered showers may develop over the Midlands, northern England, southern Scotland and Northern Ireland during the afternoon. “Most places missing these but the odd one could be heavy. Warm in the sunshine.” The forecast for Wednesday reads: “After any fog clears, many areas fine, with temperatures well above average and feeling warm in the sunshine.  READ MORE: Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip “One or two places in the east could catch a stray shower.” The outlook of the rest of the week until Saturday reads: “Dry for most with warm sunny spells and patchy rural frost and fog overnight. “Cloudier across the far north with some patchy rain or drizzle at times. Light winds.”  DON'T MISS:ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [CELEBRITY NEWS]Calls for seizure of Putin’s $700 MILLION superyacht [LATEST]GB News: Carole Malone hits back at Boris speech critics - 'Remoaner h [POLITICS] The mild weather makes a change from recent Arctic temperatures, snow in the north and heavy rain in many areas. However by April temperatures are predicted to drop again, with the possibility of spring snowfall in parts of Scotland. WXCHARTS suggests some areas of Scotland could see up to 10cm of snow on April 2. While England, Wales and Northern Ireland will also see the mercury drop, they are not expected to experience snow. 