The Sky News reporter took on Sergey Lavrov as he discussed the latest round of peace talks between Russia and Ukraine in Antalya, Turkey. Moscow has faced renewed condemnation after reports emerged of Russian forces unleashing a bomb on a maternity and children's hospital in the eastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol. Dominic Waghorn asked how Russia could now think Ukraine would trust them after the attack killed three people, including a 6-year-old girl. The Sky reporter said: "You said some time ago that Russia had no intention to invade Ukraine. "I think today you said Russia did not invade Ukraine when it clearly has. "You also said Russia would not hurt civilians and thousands have been hurt, their homes destroyed and it seems that hospital has been attacked. "Why should the Ukrainians take you seriously, with all due respect? Why should they believe a word you say, and the rest of the world?" READ THE LATEST IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Lavrov claimed Russia had reported to the UN Security Council three days before the attack saying the hospital had been taken over by the Azov battalion, a right-wing, Neo-Nazi militia Battalion initially formed following the invasion of Crimea in 2014. Moscow also claimed no women or children were at the hospital despite footage now emerging seeing pregnant patients and parents being evacuated through the rubble. He said: "As for the hospital and maternity wards, I talked about this but you didn't listen to this and you're not going to show this. "And nobody will say that three days ago at the Security Council of the United Nations we explained what happened with that ward." READ MORE: Putin outsmarted as UK has TWO simple energy measures to 'quickly' cut ties with Russia Lavrov continued: "As for the statements, who is going to do what and who's not going to do what – until the last moment we wanted to resolve the matter in a diplomatic way. "We presented an extensive document on our bilateral agreement with the US and also NATO and covered all the questions of European security, including all countries on the continent - we were told Ukraine is ours. "And we will deal with Ukraine and we will resolve the future of Ukraine. "We proposed not creating any threat on the ground and Putin explained very clearly why he took the decision to conduct this special military operation." DON'T MISS:  Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [REVEAL] Ukraine LIVE: Putin gloats as Russian army uses horrific 'vacuum bombs [INSIGHT] 'Russia is rattled!' Kremlin rocked by Boris Johnson's Ukraine support [SPOTLIGHT] Russia's first deputy permanent representative to the United Nations Dmitry Polyanskiy said the hospital building that was hit was a former maternity hospital that had been taken over by Ukrainian troops. "That's how fake news is born," he said, adding that Russia had warned on March 7 that the hospital had been turned into a military object from which Ukrainians were firing. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the strike in Mariupol was part of a "genocide" on his people. Defence Minister James Heappey said that, even if Russian troops did not deliberately target the medical complex, the attack still amounts to a war crime. Mr Heappey said: "We ask ourselves the question how did this happen? Was it an indiscriminate use of artillery or missiles into a built-up area, or was a hospital explicitly targeted? "Both are equally despicable, both, as the Ukrainians have pointed out, would amount to a war crime." He continued: "Yes, if you deliberately target a piece of civilian infrastructure like a hospital, yes. "If you use indiscriminate artillery into an urban area without due regard for the reality, you could hit a protected site like a hospital, then that too, in my view, is."