If a person is worried about going to the gym or doesn't have the motivation to do so, look no further as a fitness coach has provided all you need to know to shed fat with no diet and no gym workouts. Adam Grayston has shared his three most important tips for weight loss when it comes to stripping back body fat without strict dieting or ever setting foot in a gym. But how does it work? Grayston's new book 'Melt Body Fat Without Diets or Gyms' spells out ways people could lose up to 20lbs in 12 weeks through two simple tricks: 1. Personal nutrition 2. Create an enjoyable workout plan 3. Don’t work out every day READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure The fitness expert swears by the 80/20 diet flexibility rule, which gives people the freedom to consume all the nutrients they need to shed the pounds while not restricting themselves either. "Personal nutrition can seem like a minefield; there are millions of pages of information out there on food, nutrition, and weight loss," he said. "Eating 80 percent good food and 20 percent bad food is both realistic and sustainable. "You don’t need to follow a strict or fad diet, all you need to remember is to include each of the five main food groups in what you eat each day and you will get all the nutrients you need - fruit and vegetables, carbs or starch, proteins, fats, and dairy." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Grayston added that by abstaining from eating the foods you like altogether, this will make the cravings even stronger and the guilt after ‘relapsing’ even worse. "You should continue to eat your favourite foods but just make sure to keep it to around 20 percent of your overall food intake," he advised. And when it comes to exercising, he revealed individual's don't need a gym to seee success. It's no secret that when people begin to pile on the pounds and become less healthy, they start to feel insecure about their appearance.  And not everyone is capable of performing high-intensity workouts to burn huge amounts of calories everyday. But Grayston revealed to lose weight effectively and keep it off, people don’t need to start off with intense workouts. "It could simply mean taking a walk a few times a week or making sure that you walk a little farther each day while going about your regular schedule," he said. "If you have workout equipment at home, it could mean using that a few times a week.  "With your exercise routine, just like eating healthy food that you like, do the exercise that you like the most, whether it be walking, running, cycling, swimming, or whatever else you may enjoy." The fitness coach advised among for two to three short workouts per week, then every three to four weeks a person can either go up to 20 – 30 minute workouts three times a week or follow some 15 minute workouts three to four times per week. "It all comes down to what workouts are going to fit into your schedule best, and short workouts are perfect for developing flexible exercise habits and getting leaner," he said. Adam Grayston’s book How to Melt Body Fat Without Diets or Gyms is available for free on Amazon now.