Strictly Come Dancing star Graziano di Prima has taken to Instagram after being inundated with messages of support from fans who thought he had Covid. The Italian dance star, 27, previously revealed that he was feeling unwell, which led to concerned fans worrying that he was suffering from coronavirus. Earlier in the day, Graziano took to Instagram to reveal that he was heading to the gym. Taking a quick video of himself in a mirror, the dance pro filmed in black and white as he prepared to work out. In view of his 161,000 followers, he captioned the story: "Let's do this!" The next story showed a flushed-looking Graziano as he pouted for his socials. READ MORE: William Hurt dead: Oscar-winning actor dies week before 72nd birthday He penned: "Gym + sauna = Feeling worse than before," alongside a crying emoji. His snap seemed to have sparked concern from his followers who thought he may be suffering from Covid. Appearing in his stories, the Strictly star clarified whether he was suffering from the virus. Graziano said: "Hey guys, I'm receiving so many messages like, 'Do you have Covid?' and stuff. "No, I'm just tired!" he laughed. "No Covid, no Covid, luckily," he signed off. His post comes days after his Strictly co-star Oti Mabuse bid him an emotional farewell following her exit from the BBC show last month. The dance professional, 31, spoke affectionately of their bond, a week after she confirmed that she was leaving the popular BBC show after seven years as a dancer. DON'T MISS... Louise Minchin speaks out as ex-BBC Breakfast colleague calls it quits [INSIGHT]Countryfile’s Adam Henson announces career move away from BBC [ANALYSIS]Kirstie Allsopp on hold for two hours as critic mocks 'class issue' [UPDATE] Oti's goodbye comes as Graziano reposted a message from a fan account. After a fan expressed their upset at not seeing the duo dance together again, Graziano shared the post, adding: "Awww @otimabuse." Responding to the post that had been shared by the Italian dance pro, Oti wrote: "You'll always have a very special unique place in my heart. "Literally my best friend," she ended her comment. Following the news that Oti was leaving Strictly, Graziano told how much he'd miss his friend, writing: "You have been always there for me, always!! "Since the first moment I joined @bbcstrictly. "I’m gonna miss you so so much on the show, I'm gonna miss dancing with you!! you can’t even imagine!" he added, including love heart emojis on the post to punctuate his point." "I love you friend!! @otimabuse" he ended his tribute. (sic)