Manchester United must beat Tottenham to finish in the Premier League top four this season and be able to attract the likes of Robert Lewandowski to the club, according to Bundesliga expert Jan Aage Fjortoft. United are claimed to be monitoring Lewandowski's contract situation at Bayern Munich. The Poland international's current deal expires at the end of next season. United are set to allow Edinson Cavani to leave at the end of his contract this summer. There have also been reports that Cristiano Ronaldo's return to Old Trafford could last just one season. That would therefore leave United short of out-and-out options up front. Sky Germany claims the Red Devils are keeping an eye on Lewandowski amid speculation over his future at Bayern. JUST IN: Salah injury explained by Klopp after Liverpool star limped off vs Brighton  But Fjortoft says there is no chance of luring the 33-year-old goal machine if United do not qualify for the Champions League. United take on Tottenham on Saturday evening, two points clear of their opponents. But Spurs have two games in hand and Arsenal, who currently occupy fourth, will have four come the final whistle. "Well I think that with the games in hand the saying is it's better to have points than games in hand," former Norway striker Fjortoft told ESPN FC. DON'T MISSLiverpool beat Brighton: Five things learned as Salah injury overshadows title charge [OPINION]Lionel Messi and Neymar break Pochettino's golden rule he installed at Tottenham [REPORT]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has dropped hint he may not even sign new striker this summer [QUOTES]  "But if you have a look at the table, Manchester United have got to win this game. They are desperate to win their games. "And now they're flying around that they're linked to Robert Lewandowski. "So here is Robert Lewandowski: 'I will leave Bayern Munich, who can win the title and win the Champions League, I will go to a club that doesn't get into the Champions League'. "So there is a lot at stake here and a lot at stake for Ralf Rangnick." Fjortoft says United must beat Spurs or they can all but kiss goodbye to their top-four hopes.  He continued: "Ralf Rangnick has had his fair share of criticism already, they call him professor, they say that he hasn't been coaching for more than two seasons in the last 10 seasons and so on and so on. "I think that it's a must win for Manchester United, they need to have that five points ahead of Tottenham. "And then you have a look at Arsenal who are using all their young kids, winning football games, and they have games in hand as well. "It's a big, big day for Manchester United." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 