Prince George and Princess Charlotte stepped out in public with their parents Kate Middleton and Prince William yesterday to attend their great-grandfather, Prince Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey. The Cambridge children were on their best behaviour for the appearance, but several times during the outing, Princess Charlotte’s personality appeared. Express.co.uk spoke to body language expert Judi James about how the Prince and Princess conducted themselves and she said Charlotte displayed “body language traits…like Diana”. Following their exit out of the car, Princess Charlotte held Kate’s hand, while Prince George held William’s. Royal fans saw a poised Prince George, while Princess Charlotte was a little more animated. At one point, it is said Kate turned to her daughter and told her “you can smile” as they walked inside the Abbey. The little girl then smiled at the cameras. Whilst inside, the Prince and Princess were introduced to The Archbishop of Canterbury as well as several other bishops and clergypeople. Prince George followed Prince William who said “good morning, good to see you again”, “very well thank you” and “have a good day” to everyone. READ MORE: Royal insiders fear Andrew is on 'mission creep' to return to Firm He then explained to his son who each of the bishops and other clergy was and shook their hands. Princess Charlotte, on the other hand, was prompted and encouraged by her mother when meeting new people. It has also been reported that during the service, Kate told Charlotte to “shh”, and when the service had ended and they left their seats, the middle Cambridge child spotted her second cousin Mia Tindall and the two shared an enthusiastic wave. Judi said: “Yesterday was probably the first big test for George and Charlotte in terms of appropriate royal behaviour at a formal event with the world’s cameras watching. DON'T MISS...Aldi shoppers praised £7 face cream for 'youthful' results [REACTION]Michael Mosley: 'Time restricted eating can make weight loss easier' [PODCAST]Kate Middleton style: Duchess’ Caribbean wardrobe cost £35,000 [STYLE] “George clearly idolises his father and copies him in both outfit and movement. “He mirrors his father’s more serious and thoughtful approach and as, following a few pats and shoulder-clasps from William, he was gently nudged forward to greet the clergy first, you could see the first signs of royal duty in his body language as he shook hands and exchanged some words. “George is clearly a confident and outgoing boy though.” She continued: “Sitting in their seats he happily turned to look at everything around him as well as exchanging words and grins with his sister, but William seems to be inducting him well into his role as future king. “Charlotte, looking touchingly like the Queen when she was small, showed body language traits that are more like her granny Diana. “Like Diana she gives the initial impression of shyness but beneath that appears to be an outgoing, fun personality. “She also picked out several of the cameras with her eyes, as Diana always remembered to do.” Judi added: “Kate’s small whispers to her daughter seemed to be keeping her on her best behaviour but walking past the row of relaxed, chatting and laughing daughters of Zara and Peter Philips must have been one of the biggest challenges of her royal life so far. “Little Mia even waved in excitement as her friend walked past and Charlotte must have had one of her first lessons in the restrictions of royal protocol.” Royal fans also commented on the Prince and Princess’ behaviour yesterday. Akua Afriyie said: “Princess Charlotte is a confident young girl. Credit to her parents. George still a bit shy but Charlotte is a pro.” Someone else added: “Beautiful service. I was pleased to see Her Majesty there. Glad some of the children got to experience that. Princess Charlotte is a natural at it.” Karren H added: “She is going to be like her mother when grown, comfortable with people where George I’m seeing a lot of William at his age, very reserved, scary knowing he will be king one day and having to deal with it all.”