Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is commonly used for baking. However, the chemical compound can also be used for cleaning and laundry. Baking soda has a chemical formula of NaHCO₃ and often appears as a fine, white powder. Using baking soda as a cleaning product, is a great alternative to harsh chemical products. It’s also a lot cheaper than using specific cleaning products. Stelrad, radiator manufacturers and interior experts, have shared how to use baking soda to clean kitchen and bathroom surfaces. The experts at Stelrad said baking soda has “several uses” all round the home. READ MORE: Lawn seed: 8 steps to growing grass in your garden before sowing  They explained: “For the kitchen, sprinkle a small amount into bins once a week which will help absorb odours. “Or, you could also make a paste with white vinegar which can be used to clean surfaces. “You can also use baking soda in the bathroom, sprinkling it onto the shower tray or bath to remove soap marks and stains.” Baking soda, or sodium bicarbonate, can also be found in many types of toothpaste. DON'T MISSLawn care: The mowing trick to 'always' use when cutting grass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] The reason for this is because it can neutralise acids in the mouth and helps to remove stains. Toothpaste can also be used for cleaning due for this reason, and its mild abrasive qualities. The experts at Stelrad have also shared how to use toothpaste as a cleaning product. They said: “As well as cleaning teeth, it also can be used all around the bathroom to clean the skink, scrub the toilet and in the shower. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “It doesn’t just have to stay in the bathroom, it can work its magic in other rooms too to tackle porcelain surfaces. “To really get the most from your tube, try using toothpaste to clean the rubber trim around your shoes or to shine rusty pots and pans in the kitchen.” Toothpaste and a toothbrush can also be used to clean smaller items such as silverware. The toothpaste should polish the silver while rubbing off any tarnish.   Non-gel white toothpaste can also be used for cleaning white trainers. Using an old toothbrush, apply the paste onto stains and dirty spots. The toothpaste should be left on the trainers for around 10 minutes before then being wiped off with a damp cloth. Toothpaste can also be used to clean irons.