 Roof racks and boxes all add to fuel consumption - as do open windows and sunroofs - so drivers are advised to pack carefully and remove them when not in use. Driving with a roof box uses up to 25 percent more fuel than without as it massively impacts its aerodynamics.  When driving over a 100-mile journey, it costs around £3.15 more and even an empty roof rack uses up to 15 percent more fuel. Motorists should also check their vehicle handbook to see what their specification of engine oil is as this can also improve efficiency. Modern engines are built with finer tolerances and therefore require thinner oils, which include those with lower viscosity. This can improve fuel economy by around three percent, saving over 26p per 50-mile journey in an average diesel car. READ MORE: French visitor refuses to pay £380 Clean Air Zone fine  Drivers shouldn’t start their engine until they are ready to go as idling can use up to two litres of fuel per hour, emitting over 5.26kg of CO2. Tyres generally lose up to two pounds of air per month, so check their pressure every couple of weeks. Research also shows that if tyres are under-inflated by 20 percent, up to 10 percent more fuel is used, which costs £1.05 for every 50 miles driven. This costs around £3.20 an hour, on average, for petrol cars and around £3.40 for a diesel vehicle. DON'T MISSNew car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [INSIGHT]Motorists warned of major driving law changes in April - Car tax rise [WARNING]Severe concerns over car tax changes as drivers warned of road pricing [SHOCKING]  If a car is equipped with a stop start system, drivers should make sure it’s turned on to conserve fuel whilst stationary. A spokesperson for CarShop said: “If you don’t need your air conditioning, rear window heater, demister fan and headlights, turn them off. “In car air conditioning up to one litre of fuel every 60 miles travelled and costs £1.80 for an average diesel car and £1.67 for petrol powered. “Making this small change can save over £200 a year.”  Petrol and diesel prices remain high, with RAC Fuel Watch data showing a litre of unleaded petrol costing 163.52p per litre. Meanwhile, diesel drivers will be forced to pay an average of 177.47p per litre, almost 1.5 pence more expensive than super unleaded petrol. Last week, Rishi Sunak unveiled his Spring Statement which included a five pence reduction in fuel duty on every litre of fuel. CarShop’s Ben Scholes commented on the fuel duty cut, saying that drivers would still suffer from fuel costs.  He said: “After weeks of record highs at the pumps, we welcome the cut on petrol and diesel duty, but it doesn’t go far enough. “It’s more important than ever to consider how we drive and maintain our motors too. Just a few changes to how we drive – and how we look after our cars – can save us a pretty penny on fuel costs over time. “And, let’s face it, this has never been more important.”