While out and about Her Majesty is seen as the picture of decorum and good manners, even though she is sometimes accused of looking stern in public. However, it must not be mistaken for rudeness, according to a royal biographer.  The expert has instead revealed the reason behind this "aloof" expression and it is not necessarily a reflection of negative emotion or disapproval. Robert Hardman, author of the recently published ‘Queen of Our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II’, told OK! Magazine that this is actually a defence mechanism used by the Queen to maintain her monarchical distance. He said: “Former Prime Minister Tony Blair said that you don’t want to overstep the line and get the look! “Over the years people have said that it’s arrogant behaviour and elitist or aloof.  “But actually it’s a defence mechanism. “I call it the royal paradox. “People want her to be friendly and affable, like their favourite granny.  READ MORE: Every Royal Family member attending Prince Philip’s memorial “But at the same time, they’re talking to a monarch.” Mr Hardman also reminded us that it is appropriate for the Queen to keep a respectful distance given her position. He continued: “At some point, the people who work for her or around her retire, but she doesn’t. “The royals have acquaintances, such as Prime Ministers, and they all get on perfectly well.  DON'T MISS:'So hardworking!’ Charles and Camilla praised in Ireland [ROYAL TOUR]Harry's legal team criticised over 'irrelevant evidence' in court [LATEST]Diana’s royal chef takes swipe at Prince Charles as Jamaica plans to [INSIGHT] “But you can’t get too close to these people because they’re going to move on.” The 95-year-old monarch has taken a step back from the public eye lately, having recently recovered from COVID-19. She now spends the majority of her time at Windsor Castle, where she quarantined with her late husband the Duke of Edinburgh during the pandemic. However, the Queen is set to make a public appearance next week as she joins other members of the Royal Family for a special thanksgiving service commemorating Prince Philip. 