Weeds can be a problem all year round, with annual weeds germinating at the end of spring. Common garden weeds include dandelions, purslane, lamb’s quarters, bindweed, and pigweed. Luckily, there are different methods gardeners can try to help get rid of weeds as well as prevent them coming back, including aerating the soil in the garden. Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at MyJobQuote has spoken exclusively with Express.co.uk on how gardeners should go about removing garden weeds. She explained how some weeds have specific ways to target them. Fiona said: “There are many ways to kill weeds, and each has pros and cons, so it’s important to target methods to the type of weeds and their location.” The “most effective” way of killing weeds is to create a solution using three household cupboard staples, according to the expert. READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house Fiona said: “Acids are known to kill weeds quickly, so many household items such as lemon juice and white vinegar work in sufficient doses. “It works best on short-rooted, broadleaf weeds. “If you’re using the vinegar method, mix in salt and dish soap for the most effective solution. Although, it is important to keep in mind that it may harm neighbouring plants and affect soil quality, so use it sparingly. DON'T MISS: Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases [EXPERT]Property: The ‘vital’ house features that add property value [INSIGHT]Property: DIY mum-of-two transforms kitchen for only £100 [TIPS] For smaller weeds, gardeners can also use boiling water to kill them. Fiona said: “Boiling water is great for killing smaller weeds, but it also kills plants. “So, use your kettle spout to safely target the weeds growing between pavers and slabs.” The heat from the water will destroy the plant’s cell structure and kill it. Using this method makes weeds easier to pull and remove from your beds and borders. For those who want to avoid chemicals or the weeds are covering a large area, then suffocating them is a good, quick option. The gardening pro said: “Newspaper is one of the easiest and cheapest ways to do this. “Simply cover the area with newspaper, about four to five pages thick. “Then, hose it with water to soak it and top with a layer of mulch. “You can buy ready-made mulch at any garden centre.” Alternatively, gardeners can make their own from compost or grass clippings. Fiona added: “This should not only kill your weeds but prevent them growing back for some time and it benefits your soil.” However, if this has not worked gardeners can pull out the weed by hand. The expert advised: “This is the best method for weeds with long roots, such as dandelions.”