Toto Wolff has teased Mercedes’ Formula One rivals by saying the competitive ‘truth’ will be revealed in Bahrain this weekend. Some scepticism has been raised over the underperformance of Lewis Hamilton and George Russell during testing, with the pair downplaying their chances ahead of the 2022 season.   Hamilton claimed Mercedes are struggling to perform under new regulations and will not compete for wins at the beginning of the campaign. The Brit and new team-mate Russell both had issues with their cars bouncing during testing. Hamilton sensationally claimed Mercedes will not be competing for wins in the opening races of the season, saying: "It is too early to have those kind of thoughts about the world championship, but at the moment I don't think we will be competing for wins. “We have some hurdles to overcome and obviously next week we'll get a much better showing of our pace. But I think people will be surprised, because people keep talking about whether we're talking ourselves down or not, but it's a bit different this year."   JUST IN: Toto Wolff’s view on letting George Russell battle with Lewis Hamilton Mercedes have insisted they are not bluffing about their chances despite the likes of Red Bull team principle Christian Horner harbouring scepticism. Ferrari driver Carlos Sainz bemoaned “typical George” after new Mercedes star Russell played down Mercedes and praised other teams’ models. And now, Wolff has provided a slight hint that Mercedes might have been bluffing with their lack of confidence ahead of the new season, which begins in Bahrain this weekend. The Austrian claims fans will get their first glimpse of the ‘competitive truth’. It suggests Mercedes were not completely clear about their potential during testing. “It's hard to say exactly where we'll fit in the competitive order this weekend in Bahrain, but that's what makes this new season and new era so exciting. It's a clean slate for everyone and all to play for,” Wolff wrote on Mercedes’ website.   DON'T MISS...George Russell ‘putting every minute' into beating Lewis HamiltonSebastian Vettel to miss Bahrain GP after positive COVID-19 testSergio Perez fires ambitious warning to Red Bull team-mate Verstappen “Like we always say, what we love about F1 is that the stopwatch never lies - and we will get our first understanding of the competitive truth on Saturday in qualifying. I'm excited to see what the weekend has in store.” He added: “We tried plenty of set-up options and made good progress in understanding our limitations, and there's still plenty of room for us to improve further. There is a lot of potential to unlock in the W13, and we know how much we relish the challenge of understanding the car and extracting the maximum from it, and this will be our focus for the coming days, weeks and months.”   