Bridgerton season two is set to drop on Netflix in the coming week after becoming a worldwide hit in 2020. The period drama immediately took the number one spot on the streaming platform's most-watched list for months. With viewers eagerly waiting on season two, Claudia Jessie, who plays Eloise Bridgerton, joined Sunday Bruch hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy and teased the future of the show implying many more series to come. After speaking about the show's success and what fans can expect to see from Eloise in season two, Tim asked: "It is based on a series on novels. "How many series do you know you are going to get out of this, four, five, six?" Claudia joked: "Hey, I mean, I'll do it for as long as they'll let me mate, I really will. "I think Shondaland [Shonda Rhimes, TV producer] and Netflix are a clever bunch, I think obviously Julia Quinn gave us a great foundation for all of these books. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? "So there is room for it to grow, but you know it is for the audience, and we want the audience to love it for as long as possible." At the end of season one, the identity of Lady Whistledown was revealed as Penelope Featherington, Eloise Bridgerton's best friend. Penelope used Whistledown as a pen name of a gossip writer, as she uncovered the secrets of the characters involved in "the ton", which is the era for the London high society. Speaking to RN Breakfast, Eloise spoke about the upcoming revelation of Lady Whistledown and how it will impact their friendship and the high society community. "She's very much at large; you will have to watch to find out, Lady Whistledown is doing a very good job revealing all the scandal in the ton while going pretty undetected." Nicola Coughlan, who plays Lady Whistledown [Penelope Featherington], joined The One Show hosts Lauren Laverne and Jermaine Jenas to discuss the downfall of the gossip writer. She hinted: "It gets quite hairy for her this time around, and you sort of see behind the curtain and see how she is getting away with it. "She has this sort of alter ego, shall we say that she used to get away with things, so it was so fun, and I always say that it is like her drag queen persona. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton returns with a new hunk! [INSIGHT]Charitha Chandran told she only got the role as 'she's brown' [LATEST]Bridgerton season 2 review: The Viscount who underwhelmed me [WATCH] 1582541 "Lady Whistledown, she gets to pretend to be someone else, so yeah, it was so much fun." When the time comes for Lady Whistledowns identity to be exposed, there is no doubt that Eloise will be crushed by the revelations, but will be able to forgive her? Season two will have a lot to live up to, with fans needing answers for the romance between Daphne Bridgerton (Pheobe Dynevor) and Simon Basset, the Duke of Hastings (Rege-Jean Page). The new series will follow the second romance of the series between Kate Sharma (Simone Ashely) and the Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey). Fans can expect to see the series kick off with the news that several months have passed since Daphne married and had a baby with Simon. New debutante Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran) catches Anthony's eye after she and her family, including her sister Kate, arrive in town from India. Kate, who is fiercely protective of her younger sibling, discovers that Anthony is not prioritising finding a love match. So she decides to do everything in her power to prevent an engagement between the pair from taking place. However, in doing so, the line between love and hate is blurred as she and Anthony get to know one another better, leading to an extremely complicated and dramatic situation indeed. Sunday Brunch airs Sunday at 9:30am on Channel 4.