Arsenal's chances of signing Benfica star Darwin Nunez may have hit a stumbling block after an old video resurfaced showing Gunners' star Kieran Tierney blasting out a range of expletives at the Uruguayan after he appeared to dive in a Europa League clash last season.  Arsenal went into last February's Europa League round-of-32 second leg against the Lisbon-based side level on aggregate after a 1-1 draw in the Portuguese capital. The second leg was going swimmingly when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang put Mikel Arteta's men 1-0 up on the night, although Diogo Goncalves and Rafa Silva turned the game on its head at the Karaiskakis Stadium in Piraeus, Athens. Tierney equalised not long after, but Arteta's men were still in need of a goal to tip the balance on away goals. With the clock ticking, Nunez went down easily under a challenge from the Scotland international, winning a cheap free-kick to buy his side some time. The incident was not well received by Tierney, who let out a range of expletives at the former Almeria star before Arsenal eventually went on to win the tie. And that may be well remembered by Nunez if he makes the switch to the Emirates Stadium, having been linked heavily over the last month. DON'T MISS: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte's Marcus Rashford comments could hinder Arsenal transferLeeds could demand four Barcelona players in blockbuster Raphinha swap dealFrank Lampard has family member to blame for Dele Alli deal as Everton 'ponder' early exit  Arsenal are in dire need of attacking reinforcements ahead of the new season after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's move to Barcelona in January. With fellow strikers Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both out of contract in the summer, multiple attackers may have to be signed if the club are to continue their stellar form this season. Armando Broja, Alexander Isak, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Nunez have been billed as the club's top targets ahead of the off-season. And with a number of teams wanting Nunez as their first-choice, the former Celtic left-back may have to make amends with him over his 'dive' in the match last year. Tierney, 24, joined Arsenal from the Hoops in 2019 for a fee of £25million, which remains the record sale of a player from a Scottish club. The Isle of Man-born left-back has played 87 times for Mikel Arteta's men since, with consistent performances allowing him to prove himself in the Premier League and on the continental stage.  And his talents will be needed if the Gunners are to qualify for the Champions League for the first time since 2016. Arsenal currently sit three points ahead of local rivals Tottenham in fourth, albeit with a game in hand. They face Crystal Palace on Monday in a bid to strengthen their top four bid. 