Former McLaren driver Jenson Button has questioned Lando Norris' decision to commit his long-term future to the Woking-based team at such an early stage in his career. Norris likely wouldn't have predicted McLaren's frustrating woes in the opening stages of the 2022 season when signing on the dotted line in February. The 22-year-old penned a new long-term contract ahead of the campaign, extending his stay at McLaren until 2025. Many tipped them to be leading the 'best of the rest' battle at the front of the midfield, just behind a three-way title fight between Ferrari, Red Bull and Mercedes. However, Mercedes' early-season struggles haven't been the only shock on the grid. McLaren fans were dealt a shock as Daniel Ricciardo could only go 18th fastest in Bahrain qualifying before Norris was eliminated in Q2 on the opening weekend. In the race, they finished P14 and P15, respectively, and their problems continued in Saudi Arabia on Saturday. JUST IN: Lando Norris agrees with Max Verstappen as he makes Saudi GP demand Both McLaren drivers couldn't get past Q2 again on the Jeddah Corniche Circuit; Norris will start 11th on Sunday, Ricciardo 12th. And Button believes Norris could be regretting committing another three seasons, including a 'no get-out clause, whilst his team rivals Aston Martin and Williams at the bottom of the grid. He told Sky Sports F1: "For Lando, it was surprising that he signed such a long contract at the start of his career. We all want to be team players, but you never know where the team is going to be in three years. And also, this is going to be a big hit. Five years to go, and he is going to be like, 'Oh, okay'. READ MORE: Hamilton given food for thought at Saudi GP after Ricciardo penalty "But all he can do is go back to the team, tell them what the issues are and try and resolve them. This is a great team. They've won multiple championships, they have a lot of new people in place that are also very skilled. It's about that team building, that team staying together and developing the car as well as they can." Norris' new McLaren deal makes him one of the best-paid drivers on the grid, with only Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen earning more than his annual salary worth around £15million ($20m). Team principal Andreas Seidl and CEO Zak Brown will be working hard to help Norris and Ricciardo soar up the standings in the weeks and months to come.