Will Smith, 53, has made headlines after the King Richard actor took to the stage at the Academy Awards and slapped Chris Rock, 57, after the comic took aim at his wife Jada Pinkett-Smith. The Everybody Hates Chris writer poked fun at Jada's haircut at the Oscars 2022. After the US-born star took to the stage to present an award, Chris couldn't resist making a joke at The Girls Trip actress. Jada who sported a buzzcut at the Oscars, is battling an autoimmune disorder alopecia, which can cause hair loss and balding. Pointing at the actress, Chris quipped: "Jada I love you. GI Jane Two... can't wait to see it." The joke was met with laughter, with even Will appearing to sport a smile. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win But Jada looked unimpressed at Chris' jibe and could be seen rolling her eyes following the joke. The comic laughed off the swipe and shrugged, before adding: "That was a nice one." Will then strode out on stage and appeared to smack Chris with an open right hand, as he staggered and exclaimed, "Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me." The visibly emotional actor walked back to his seat in the audience and shouted: "Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth." After the incident, Will and Jada reportedly held hands throughout the ceremony. The couple's relationship has come under scrutiny in recent months and caused the actor to insist there "never has been infidelity" in their marriage. Following the chaotic scenes, Will won the academy award for Best Actor for his portrayal of tennis champions, the Williams sisters Venus and Serena's dad, Richard Williams, just moments after he slapped Chris live on stage Accepting the award, Will issued a tearful apology for his emotional outburst, saying: "I want to apologize to the Academy, I want to apologize to all my fellow nominees. This is a beautiful moment." DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] "Richard Williams was a fierce defender of his family," said a visibly emotional Will. "In this time in my life, in this moment I am overwhelmed by what God is calling on me to do." After the slap, Will was seen being comforted and consoled by Denzel Washington and producer Tyler Perry. Bradley Cooper also pulled Will aside and was seen in close conversation with him. Will won his first Academy Award in his 33-year acting career on Sunday for his portrayal of "King Richard". Earlier this month, Will and Jada found themselves the butt of a joke after he scooped Best Actor for his role in King Richard at the 75th Annual British Academy Film Awards. BAFTAs host Rebel Wilson, 41, quipped on stage: "I thought his best performance over the past year was being OK with all his wife’s boyfriends!" Speaking afterwards, Will insisted that there has "never been infidelity", despite Jada admitting in 2020 that she had an "entanglement" with 29-year-old singer August Alsina.