Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has reportedly come to a decision on his future at Stamford Bridge amid rumours that he could seek a return to Inter Milan in the summer. Indeed, a hoard of Blues stars are believed to be scouring their options as sanctions against owner Roman Abramovich shroud the club's future in uncertainty. As the crackdown against Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues, Abramovich saw his UK-based assets frozen by the government this week. That includes Chelsea Football Club, with measures taken to ensure that the Russian billionaire does not make any money from offloading the club. Reports indicate that the Premier League have already taken the decision to disqualify Abramovich from owning Chelsea, with further clarification in the pipeline. The developments threaten to have a devastating effect on the Blues as they are currently unable to sell tickets, sell merchandise or offer new contracts. JUST IN: Man Utd team news leaks for crunch Tottenham clash as Ralf Rangnick dealt setback They were granted a special license to help them fulfil fixtures and pay staff, but the club's bank accounts and credit cards have supposedly been frozen which could see their day-to-day operations grind to a halt. Their current state of financial paralysis does not bode well in their efforts to keep hold of Antonio Rudiger, Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen who, having reached the end of their contracts, are expected to leave for free in the summer. Talk around other players seeking to jump ship has also gathered pace, as players reportedly seek legal advice over the possibility of an exit. But Lukaku's feelings are believed to be crystal clear. DON'T MISS...Man Utd hero Neville fires triple warning over Rashford rumoursLiverpool dealt Salah blow as extent of 'breakdown' in talks emergesChelsea 'face financial ruin' as accounts frozen in Abramovich twist According to The Telegraph, the Belgian marksman has no intention of bailing out in West London, even if a return to Inter is on the cards. In fact, Lukaku has been 'angered and appalled' by speculation that he would be willing to take a pay cut in order to leave, instead feeling as though now is the time for Chelsea's squad to pull together. The club are believed to be working hard behind the scenes to repay the loyalty of those who are prepared to weather the storm by aiming to stabilise the situation through talks with the government. Lukaku has had a tough time since sealing his blockbuster £98million return to Stamford Bridge last summer. Having struggled to adapt to Thomas Tuchel's system, the frontman is on course for one of his worst ever goal-scoring seasons. He was also forced to apologise to fans after expressing his love for Inter and frustration at Chelsea in a controversial interview with Sky Italia. Three potential buyers are believed to be waiting behind the scenes if Abramovich takes the decision, or is indeed forced, to offload the club. Tuchel and his players have already taken to the pitch since the chaos began, pulling off an impressive 3-1 win over Norwich, and a tough assignment at home to in-form Newcastle awaits on Sunday afternoon.