On Saturday, the mercury in Kinlochewe, Scotland jumped to 20.2C as the country prepared to welcome long-awaited spring sunshine. Glorious weather could once again scale those dizzy heights on Tuesday, with Met Office Meteorologist Steven Keates forecasting "temperatures well above average". This will be as high as 20C in an area from London towards Cambridgeshire, as well as parts of the West Midlands, northwest England and north and west Wales. This will be hotter than Spain and Greece, with the latest BBC weather forecast for Europe showing temperatures down as low as 13C in the popular holiday hotspots. It will be a similar story for the UK on Wednesday, with temperatures of 20C in areas of the country, predominantly in London, central and western England, and perhaps even northern Scotland. Mr Keates told Express.co.uk: "Pleasantly warm will best describe the weather over the next few days – nothing overly exceptional on the cards, but temperatures well above average nonetheless. "Top figure likely to be around 20C on Tuesday in a zone from London towards Cambridgeshire, as well as parts of the West Midlands, northwest England and north and west Wales. "Wednesday could also see 20C in a few spots, again central/western England, London area, perhaps northern Scotland too." When asked if Britons could enjoy the hottest day of the year so far, Mr Keates replied: "It’s certainly possible. "We got 20.2C at Kinlochewe in the Highlands on Saturday, and temperatures of around that are possible on Tuesday and Wednesday." BBC Weather Meteorologist Tomasz Schafernaker said "warmer currents" are quickly making their way northwards towards the UK from Portugal, Spain, the Mediterranean and North of Africa. READ MORE: Brits set for 'plenty of sunny spells' as mercury continues to rise Temperatures in the high teens and up to 20C will be seen across the southern half of the UK, with the hottest weather felt in areas of central and southern England. High pressure will still cover large parts of England on Thursday and although the mercury will dip by a few degrees, "pleasant spring temperatures" will be "widespread across the UK". Mr Schafernaker said: "As we move into the week ahead, this colder air and atmosphere are replaced by these warmer currents coming in from the south. "In fact, from Portugal, Spain the Mediterranean and North of Africa, so things will be really warming up. DON'T MISSBrits to bask in 20C sun as Spanish plume sends temperatures soaring [VIDEO]UK weather forecast: Britons to bask in 21C tropical plume [MAPS]20C heatwave as TWO WEEK 'Saharan sizzler' to blast Britain [FORECAST] "On Tuesday, we see that warmer air coming in from the southern climbs and the high teens and 20C will be more widespread across the southern half of the UK. "17C for Liverpool, 16C for Glasgow and there's that 20C quite easily being achieved across some parts of central and southern England. "On Wednesday, 19C or 20c is still possible, "On Thursday, the high pressure is centred across England and the North Sea - very little change and very light winds as well and again a very pleasant day. "The temperatures probably won't be as high, maybe 16C or 17, but you get the picture with these pleasant spring temperatures widespread across the UK." Netweather Meteorologist Nick Finnis said tomorrow (Tuesday) will generally be warmer than Monday, with temperatures jumping to as high as 20C across the Moray Firth in Scotland and throughout parts of SE England. He said: "Largely dry and sunny on Tuesday, though areas of cloud bubbling up and drifting north could produce some showers across the Midlands, northern England and southern Scotland in the afternoon. "Most areas will stay dry though. Warmer than today generally, temperatures reaching 19-20C across the Moray Firth in Scotland and across parts of SE England, otherwise widely reaching 15-18C. "Cooler along North Sea coasts, especially coastal eastern Scotland, thanks to the southeasterly breeze off the North Sea."