TV personality Piers Morgan has leapt to Phil Mickelson's defence on social media as the backlash from his Saudi Super League comments continues. Mickelson is set to miss The Masters for the first time in 28 years after the tournament removed him from its list of competitors. The 51-year-old isn't taking a break from golf following his controversial comments about a Saudi-backed rival to the PGA Tour. Since the Saudi International in February, he hasn't played competitively and seemingly won't feature in April's Masters after being listed as a 'past champion not playing' on the official website. Mickelson's hiatus follows Alan Shipnuck, the author of the golf icon's upcoming biography, releasing an excerpt in which he combatted Saudi Arabia's human rights record and described them as 'scary motherf*****s'. Later in February, he apologised and claimed the comments were off the record after losing numerous sponsors. And his break from golf looks primed to continue through one of the season's biggest tournaments at Augusta National Golf Club. The three-time champion debuted in the tournament in 1991 and has been a big draw for spectators annually since 1994, earning the famed green jacket in 2004, 2006 and 2010. JUST IN: Phil Mickelson skips 2022 Masters as Tiger Woods remains in the field On Monday night, Morgan took to Twitter to defend Mickelson, a six-time major winner, from what he labelled an 'unedifying sporting crucifixion'. Morgan, who isn't a stranger to controversial comments himself, also offered to meet the American on the course. He tweeted: "Golf's ongoing cancellation of Phil Mickelson has now forced him out of the Masters. You don't have to agree with the things he said recently, for which he apologised, to think this is now turning into an unedifying sporting crucifixion. I'll play with you, @PhilMickelson." READ MORE: TWoods' ex-caddie makes surprise revelation about 15-time major champ With or without Mickelson, who will undoubtedly be a significant loss at Augusta, the first major of the season gets underway in two weeks' time. Spanish world number one Jon Rahm is unsurprisingly the favourite heading into the tournament, with 2015 champion Jordan Speith also heavily favoured. Collin Morikawa and Justin Thomas are third and fourth favourites as they pursue their maiden green jackets. And Dustin Johnson could also have a good chance of reclaiming his crown after winning the tournament in 2020. Last season, Hideki Matsuyama became the first-ever professional Japanese golfer to win a major with his Masters success.