If you've been unable to get hold of a PS5 console since it launched way back in 2020, then March is shaping up to be a much stronger month. The next major PS5 restocks are expected to take place at Currys, Argos and Smyths, while GAME has also been given a rough date for its next big stock drop. With March here already (this year is speeding by), Express Online will be running another PS5 UK restock live blog for all of the latest stock developments. So bookmark this page if you want to get your hands on the PlayStation 5 sooner rather than later. UK stock drops typically take place between Tuesday and Thursdays each week, especially in the larger stores. Currys, Smyths and Argos didn't restock the device last week, so it feels like a stock drop is due very soon. It's also worth noting that Gran Turismo 7 launches later this week, so there's a good chance PlayStation 5 bundles will be available alongside the game. One retailer not expected to restock the device until later this month is GAME, at least according to a Stock Checker article. According to the post, PS5 consoles will be delivered by March 25, which means stock drops should take place by March 21 at the latest. "The dates on this page show a release date of 25/03/2022. Do not get confused by GAME's wording, as this does not mean the bundles will be released for pre-orders on the 25th of March," reads a Stock Checker post. "The release dates written by GAME is the last day they guarantee to their customers that their bundle will be shipped (standard delivery). "Usually, GAME drops PS5's a week or two before the release date they show on their website, meaning, we can comfortably predict that these PS5 bundles should be available to pre-order online between the 15th and 18th of March." If you're really desperate, you can take part in Sony's latest PlayStation 5 giveaway. The Treat Codes competition challenges fans to discover a set of unique codes that will appear online. "Starting today, a series of 14 unique codes resembling PlayStation controller inputs will appear online, on social media channels, and in unexpected places around the world, such as high-profile events involving sports, gaming, film, and music. "Each code you find will provide you with an opportunity to enter and win a PS5 console, which means finding every code will give you 14 opportunities to enter the contest. "The steps to enter are simple: find a code, input it correctly on the Treat Codes page on PlayStation.com after signing up, and compete to win by answering a question. You’ll have until 10am PST on March 7 to find and input codes and answer the questions for an opportunity to enter and win a PS5 console." If you're planning on buying a console from GAME, then check out the tips below to make things easier. PlayStation 5 shopping tips when buying from GAME... • Get familiar with the bundles, so you know which one to target first: Obscure bundles are easier to get, standalones almost impossible. [GAME] • When alerted, click through to your first bundle of choice as quickly as possible, this will get you into the queue. [GAME] • If it says it's failed when trying to checkout, it means that bundle is now OOS. So go back to the bundles and pick another one. [GAME] • Checking out too much too quickly will give you a 30-60 second timeout, so don't rush it. If this happens, just wait a bit then try again. [GAME] PlayStation 5 general shopping tips... • Login if you already have an account with the retailer. • Use multiple devices wherever possible - desktop browser, laptop, tablet, smartphone. • If the retailer has a dedicated app, download and use the app for purchasing a PS5. • Sign up for retailer stock alerts where possible. Sites like ShopTo allow users to register interest. • Follow stock checker accounts and websites, including PS5 UK Stock and Express Gaming.