Carer’s Allowance offers eligible unpaid carers financial support for their work, but carers over the pension age could find themselves fighting for their state pension. Carers UK explained what Britons need to know about claiming both payments and how else they can supplement their income.   To qualify for Carer’s Allowance, claimants must be over the age of 16 but there is no upper age limit. However, Britons cannot claim the full amount for Carer’s Allowance and the full state pension amount at the same time. Both payments are classed as "overlapping benefits", but pension age carers could use other benefits to fill the finance gap. If one’s state pension amount is less than Carer’s Allowance, currently £67.60, they can receive the difference in Carer’s Allowance payments. READ MORE: State pensioners could get extra £358 a month but they must apply for this DWP benefit     Carers UK explained that if one receives £50 per week from their state pension they can receive £17.60 per week from Carer’s Allowance. However, if their state pension amount is more than Carer’s Allowance they will not receive any Carer’s Allowance. However, despite not being able to claim any financial benefit directly from Carer’s Allowance, Carers UK encouraged eligible Britons to apply anyway. Claiming Carer’s Allowance can grant pension age Britons an underlying entitlement.  This essentially clarifies that they are eligible for the benefit but cannot be paid due to an overlapping benefit they are receiving and can increase their eligibility for means-tested benefits. Aside from Carer’s Allowance, there are a range of other benefits pension age carers could be eligible for as well. This means-tested benefit is provided for pension age Britons who have income and capital below a certain amount. It is provided in two parts, the Guarantee Pension Credit which tops up income and Savings Pension Credit.  The guarantee element tops up one’s income to a level that is deemed appropriate according to what the law says is required for them to live on. This amount is calculated by adding their minimum guarantee amount to any additional amounts claimants are entitled to. For a single person the minimum guarantee is £177.10 per week and £270.30 for couples. Additional amounts can include the carer addition worth £37.70 per week.  This benefit helps low income Britons with rent payments and depends on the claimant’s and their partner's income and capital. Britons receiving the guarantee pension credit element will receive the maximum amount of Housing Benefit they are entitled to. This means-tested benefit is also provided to the maximum amount for guarantee pension credit recipients usually. It should be noted that the situation for this is different in Northern Ireland.