Over the weekend, both Nigel Farage and Donald Trump took the stage at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in Orlando, Florida. During the event, the former President addressed the crowd of approximately 5,000 supporters saying: "The radical left is exposed, they're weak and their pathetic policies, have been out there long enough now that we don't want them and we will never take them.   "The socialists, globalists, Marxists and communists who are attacking our civilisation have no idea of the sleeping giant they have awoken, but they're going to find out the hard way, starting on November 8 and then again even more so in November 2024. "We did it twice and we'll do it again. "We're going to be doing it again a third time and we will all continue together to make America great again." A poll during the event suggested that 59 percent of attendees would vote for Donald Trump in a GOP primary if an election was held immediately.   Appearing on GB News as Dan Wootton's "superstar", Nigel Farage addressed whether Mr Trump was likely to reclaim the White House. Mr Wootton asked Farage if the 45th President "is in a better position than ever to reclaim the White House?" Mr Farage responded: "If the election was tomorrow, it would be a massive margin of victory even if there was some peculiarity on postal voting." However, the former Brexit Party and UKIP leader issued a caveat about the health of the 75-year-old, who lost the previous election to President Joe Biden, 79, in 2020. READ MORE:Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons  Mr Farage said: "Three years from now is a long time. "Now let's face it, he is 75, so a lot will depend on his health. "A lot will depend on how robust he is." But Mr Farage also noted that the former President is "playing golf every day" and has "lost about 20 pounds" and is "full of vigour." The ex-MEP believes Mr Trump could win based on "some of the big issues such as, America's standing in the world, such as, the southern border crisis and the key one I think that will come out from Ukraine is a major policy issue in America… is energy independence". He added that the people of America "want a fair America they want a new version, a new vision of the American dream and I genuinely whatever flaws he may have, however unattractive he may be to some people, I think the values that he represents are ones that with good health and a following win, will storm him back to the White House in 2024". Farage explained: "Trump turned America into a net exporter of energy, Biden is taking it the other way. DON'T MISS:Ex-US VP Quayle warns of dire consequences 'We're on brink of WW3!' (INSIGHT)What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe (REVEAL)Spain holiday warning: Chaos as British tourists face £50 scam (REPORT)  "I think Trump has every chance of winning in 2024 just with that caveat that a lot can happen in three years." Mr Farage used his own speech at the convention to offer some advice to Republican activists, stating that they cannot "keep talking about a stolen election". Instead, he suggested "you have to look forwards and become the party for electoral reform and that means paper ballots, voter ID". Farage then claimed the stolen election narrative "had become something of an article of faith for Republican activists". However, he added: "But I think I managed to talk them round and when Trump spoke for the first time he did not say stolen election, he said 'rigged system' and he started to talk really positively about the Republicans being a party that would reform elections." "Never again will a significant chunk of Americans question election integrity. "So, I like to think, Dan, that I played my role a little bit there at CPAC." Before concluding the interview on GB News, Mr Farage couldn't resist taking a dig at President Biden, stating that if Mr Trump won the 2024 election that "we as a country, will then have a President that likes us as opposed to this man, Biden who can't stand us". 