A lawn care aficionado has discussed a product he has used to prepare his lawn in quick time, making the grass greener with one application in just two hours. Sam is a lawn care guru at JayRock Lawncare & Gardening. He said: "We are going to be getting our grass ready for when you have visitors." The lawn expert took viewers with him in a YouTube video as he prepared his grass for visitors. His aim was to clean up the garden and have the lawn looking green and healthy. How can you make your lawn look fabulous in no time at all? He said: "I've got a special product I'm putting on it today. It should be greening it up in two hours." READ MORE: How to grow grass seed: Critical but easy technique for a lush, beautiful lawn So how does Sam tackle his garden at short notice? Sam suggested first strimming the edges of your grass to kickstart the overhaul of your lawn. Make sure those edges are neat and tidy, it's the first step to creating an impressive lawn. Then, mow your grass to a neat, consistent length. Sam recommends a height of cut of 4.5mm. He mows his lawn in a diagonal pattern. Then Sam uses TotalLawn Instant Green. Sam says: "It's a product they claimed can green up your garden in two hours. DON'T MISSWhen to cut your grass - three vital times to mow [EXPERT] Vital lawn care instructions from Mark Lane [GARDENERS' WORLD] Lawn: The ideal mowing height to avoid yellow lawns [TIPS]  "Within two hours you are supposed to see and noticeable difference, and I'm guessing the reason why is the main ingredient, chelated iron." Chelated iron is a type of iron that has been chemically altered. As well as being used for the garden, it can also be taken as a supplement. In the garden, it can be used as a fertiliser. TotalLawn describes Instant Green as a "professional-grade rapid green-up technology for lawns and sport pitches. "Designed to make your grass a beautiful green colour in as little as two hours." It includes nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, magnesium, oxide, and chelated iron. Sam sprays the Instant Green all over his lawn and then waits for the results. He told viewers: "I think you'd agree, the greener colour certainly came through. "I really can't complain. I'm really happy with how that's turned out, even though it was only two hours, the minimum time." Sam recently detailed a "simple" trick to fix brown patches in your grass. He explained how to do a "simple mini-renovation" on your lawn. Patches in the lawn can be caused by a number of issues, which should be relatively simple to identify. Often it is due to the mower "scalping" the grass. Sam explained how you can avoid scalping your lawn and yellow patches in your grass.