NI is a direct tax on earnings, charged on top of income tax. It means workers handing an ever greater proportion of their earnings straight to HM Revenue & Customs. The average worker earning £30,000 a year will pay an extra £255 in National Insurance from April 6. It will lift their annual NI bill to £2,706, a staggering nine percent of their salary. That comes at the worst possible time as the cost of living soars. Somebody earning £50,000 a year will pay an extra £505 in NI as a result of the controversial hike, or £5,086 in total. This will eat up 10 percent of their salary, according to research by the Income Tax Calculator UK. The new 1.25 percent health and social care levy will be charged on top of standard NI of 12 percent, lifting the total to 13.25 percent. It is designed to raise £12 billion a year to fund social care costs and clear the post-Covid NHS backlog. Pensioners will pay it from April 2023 on any income they earn in retirement, unless Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak yield to growing pressure to axe the increase. Employees will pay it on earnings above £9,568 a year, and the self-employed will pay on profits above that level. Yet there is one thing they can do to escape this punitive new charge, said Nimesh Patel, tax partner at Grunberg & Co. Employees and the self-employed can reduce NI bill by increasing the amount of pay that goes directly into their pension, a process known as salary sacrifice. READ MORE: April's 13.25% National Insurance hike faces axe -'Sunak must act NOW  There is no income tax or NI to pay on salary taken as pension contributions rather than income, Patel said. "You can make pension contributions up to the annual allowance of £40,000, entirely free of NI." By paying more into a pension you are reducing the amount of earnings that are subject to the new, higher NI charge. Many workers will struggle to sacrifice salary today, as food, energy and petrol prices soar, but Patel said: “With careful planning, it should be possible to find a balance that reduces NI, boosts your pensions and still provides sufficient take-home pay.” Patel said the shareholders of owner-managed businesses could reduce their NI exposure by shifting how they receive their income, from a salary to dividends paid out of profits. “They benefit from a £2,000 tax-free allowance for dividend income, although it is taxable above that.” DON'T MISS:Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [INSIGHT]MILLIONS will have to pay 55% ‘horror’ tax rate - Rishi Sunak scandal [ANALYSIS]Buy £5,000 of state pension for just £800 – ‘incredible’ 587% return [REVEAL] Salary sacrifice also applies to other company-funded benefits include perks such as workplace nurseries, cycle-to-work schemes and ultra-low emission vehicles, as well as the cost of pension advice. So by taking these perks instead of salary, you can reduce your bill. You will get less pay but boost your overall reward package instead of handing over more to HMRC. The more tax you pay, the more rewarding salary sacrifice can be. However, bear in mind that a cut in salary will affect the value of benefits linked to your salary, such as life cover and maternity pay. It may also reduce the size of mortgage you can apply for, because many banks and building societies base their lending decisions on income multiples. So make sure you understand all the implications before committing to salary sacrifice.