Emma Willis, Clara Amfo, Blake Harrison and Alex Horne battled it out in the first instalment of Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer. For the celebrities’ first challenge, they had to bake some biscuits but Channel 4 viewers couldn’t help but notice Emma’s elephant design was a little cheeky. The Voice UK host described her plan to Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith. Emma said: “I am going to attempt to create elephant Viennese biscuits.” “What should we expect?” Paul asked and Emma replied: “Buttery, little bit crumbly, if you dip it in your tea you might lose it.” As Emma got on with making her biscuits, host Matt Lucas commented on their questionable shape. Read more: Celebrity Bake Off star insists show bosses were ‘deliberately mean’ She remarked: “His trunk has gone a bit funny,” and Matt asked: “Have you been practising at home?” “I used to bake Viennese fingers with my aunt,” she replied. Finding the biscuits comical, Emma added: “This is what they’ve turned out like.” “You call them elephants,” Matt quipped and the presenter asked: “What do you call them?” “They don’t only remind me of elephants,” the comedian cheekily commented. “I promise you once I put eyes on them they’ll look like elephants,” Emma said. Channel 4 viewers agreed with Matt and took to Twitter to comment on the rudely shaped biscuits. @ChezB94 said: “You could serve Emma’s biscuits at a Ann Summers party #GBBO.” DON'T MISSCelebrity Bake Off 2022 cast: Who is in the SU2C special? [INSIGHT]Bake Off's Paul Hollywood opens up on Matt Lucas' 'nerves' [INTERVIEW]Sandi Toksvig: 'I'm going to die' - Presenter's health fears  [INTERVIEW] @cheeeztoast added: “EMMA THOSE ARE NOT ELEPHANTS #GBBO.” “Emma Willis knew exactly what she was doing choosing 'elephants' #GBBO #StandUpToCancer,” @geordiegalg joked. @AlexPaterson0 added: “Emma's Elephant biscuits look more like something rude #GBBO @swhiteley1985 remarked: “Watching #GBBO Emma Willis elephants look something dodgy.” @Ariadne_Reviews tweeted: “EMMA. WILLIS. STOP IT. #gbbo #bakeoff.” Emma’s questionably looking biscuits earned her a beloved handshake from Paul. She went on to win the technical challenge before wowing Paul and Paul with her showstopper. The Voice UK host was crowned star baker of the first celebrity special. The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up To Cancer continues on Channel 4 on Tuesday at 8pm.