The cost of living crisis is threatening to pull many Britons under with vulnerable groups like pensioners first on the chopping block. Fairer Share chairman Andrew Dixon shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how a proportional property tax could turn the tables on public finances. Fairer Share looks to scrap council tax, stamp duty and the "bedroom tax" in favour of a proportional property tax. This would cost households a flat tax rate of 0.48 percent of their current property value, where some regions in the UKare currently paying up to three percent in council tax. Aside from the immediate savings and simplification for hardworking families, it will also give pensioners the chance to keep up with their expenses during the cost of living crisis. This is through the proposed deferring system, which would allow households that cannot pay their taxes at the moment to pay it at a later date or even offset it against the sale of their house. Mr Dixon has shared that 76 percent of households would see an average annual saving of £435 with the proportional property tax and further benefits for pensioners who could save thousands. READ MORE: State Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? Mr Dixon explained: “Say they are paying £1,500 a year in council tax, it gives them the ability to put that against the value of the property when they sell. It eases their ability to deal with the cost of living.” He did note that individuals who want to consume and own many properties will see their taxes increase, in essence evening out the wealth inequalities in the UK. Mr Dixon explained: “When they were first introduced, council taxes were pretty fair. Since then, property prices in London and the South East have gone through the rough where other parts of the country have not. Absolutely it is not fair now. Either you’ve got to have a continuous updated in your property values which is feasible if you’re going to base it on property prices. “Why have we got a tax that is effectively a wealth tax on those in a region. So if you live in Hartlepool or in Bolton you pay one percent of your property value in tax every year, that’s absolutely outrageous. If that happened in Westminster people would be up in arms about paying one percent!” Additionally, the proportional property tax would do away with exemptions and discounts for second homes or foreign homeowners, who Mr Dixon claims “are getting away with a steal”.  Mr Dixon shared: “They should be paying a surcharge and with that surcharge we would raise about £4.5billion which would be used to lower the tax bills for the rest of the country. Unfortunately, inequality in the country is rising and I think hard-working people on low and middle income are not having it easy right now. “People don’t mind paying tax as long as it’s fair. If they can, they will.” This has been a pivotal point of the campaign, with Mr Dixon and Britons across the country agreeing on how outdated and unnecessarily complex the council tax system currently is. Mr Dixon exclaimed: “Council tax is a problem. It’s valued at 1991 property prices which makes absolutely no sense.”  Aside from exorbitant tax costs, pensioners across the country find themselves with growing concerns about how their family and future generations are supposed to get onto the property ladder when their own generation is being disincentivized from getting off it. This dilemma caused by stamp duty has seen a somewhat backlog of properties, making it incredibly difficult for younger families to get into reasonably sized homes while retirees are left with several empty bedrooms that now need to be heated as well. Mr Dixon pointed out that the rising energy prices will especially impact pensioners facing this problem: “Older people in this country are reluctant to move for many reasons, but the problem we have and I don’t think this is the case in other countries is stamp duty is so punitive, it’s so expensive.” He explained using his own parents as an example who bought their home in the 70s and if they were to downsize to cut their household costs in half, they would spend one to two years’ worth of living expenses on stamp duty alone.  He added: “It’s not just a problem for first time buyers, it’s a problem for people who want to downsize. So we end up with older people in this country living in quite big houses but there’s a disincentive to downsize. “Yes, proportional property tax is the solution to council tax but it also removes stamp duty completely so that my parents and other people in their 80s who want to downsize they don’t have to pay stamp duty which is crippling.” Mr Dixon concluded: “Somehow we have to pay for social care and adult social care but this cannot be done through council tax and if it is council tax needs to be fundamentally reformed because it’s just not right.” A Government spokesperson said:“An annual house price tax would mean soaring bills for many hard-working families and pensioners who have saved and improved their homes. We have no plans to make these changes. “We’re providing support worth around £12 billion this financial year and next to help families with the cost of living and last week the Chancellor announced an additional £9 billion Energy Rebate Scheme to help households tackle their energy bills. This sits alongside increases to the National Living Wage, meaning people working full time on the National Living Wage will see a £1,000 increase in their annual earnings from April.” Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for further comment.