A 40-mile convoy of armoured vehicles has been identified by satellite imagery north of Kyiv but it appears to have come to a standstill. Some reports have suggested that the convoy has been stalled by Ukrainian resistance. But taking to Twitter, journalist and broadcaster Mr Neil suggested the opposite. He said that it may form part of a "vicious pincer movement" from the Russians. The journalist wrote: "As Russian forces make gains in southern Ukraine, massive Russian convoy remains stalled north of Kyiv. "Stalled — or waiting, for Russian forces to sweep up from south and take Ukraine capital in vicious pincer movement?" This came after the UK's Ministry of Defence earlier today said the convoy was delayed by "staunch Ukrainian resistance". It said: "The main body of the large Russian column advancing on Kyiv remains over 30km from the centre of the city having been delayed by staunch Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown and congestion. "The column has made little discernible progress in over three days." Putin's forces are yet to capture Kyiv or Ukraine's second city Kharkiv, as Ukrainian forces have fiercely resisted their advances. The Defence Ministry confirmed that Chernihiv and Mariupol also remain in Ukrainian hands. READ MORE: Zelensky humiliates Russian forces as he urges Moscow to quit However, they acknowledged that "some Russian forces" have entered Kherson but added that the "military situation remains unclear". Despite Russia's military superiority over Ukraine, many military experts have been scathing about Russia's invasion so far. Michael Kofman, director of Russian studies at the CNA think tank, described Russian efforts so far as "bizarre" and "incompetent". He tweeted: "It’s taken me a while to figure out what they’re trying to do because it looks so ridiculous and incompetent. DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REVEAL] Putin 'emboldened' to invade Ukraine by 'gamechanging' China alliance [ANALYSIS] Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons [REPORT] "The Russian operation is a bizarre scheme, based on terrible political assumptions, with poor relationship to their training & capabilities." Brett Friedman, a Marine Corps reserve officer and author of the military book, On Tactics, said: "The simplest explanation here is that the Russian military is bad! "It was a paper tiger, and now the paper’s on fire." Meanwhile, Lawrence Freedman, emeritus professor of war studies at King’s College London, said that Russia's "hurry" to finish the war may have backfired. He said: "The hurry to get the war over with explains many of the mistakes made by Russian forces. "The first mistake was not to make it a priority to take out the Ukrainian air force and air defences. "These are still operating and the skies over Ukraine can be dangerous for Russian aircraft."