The 1996 champion said Hamilton “will be able to cope” if Russell is quick over the opening races as it could play a huge role in the title outcome. Hill claimed it was “unlikely” Russell will beat Hamilton to the 2022 crown over the course of the season but predicted he could stop Mercedes' title rivals. Speaking on the F1 Nation podcast, Hill said: “You’ve got one of the strongest drivers of all time as your team-mate so that's one down. The other one is one of the hottest properties and young talents as well. So I’d say yes it's a very strong line-up.”He added: “One thing I’d add to that, Lewis seems so comfortable now. He won’t feel pressure. If George threatens him or is quick, I think he will be able to cope with that, it wouldn't be the end of the world. "He knows he’s got seven world titles in the bank and I think over a season it's unlikely George is going to topple Lewis. I think he’s comfortable, if anything he's probably feeling better if he’s got a fast-charging number two. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton warned of role reversal in George Russell battle “Anything that comes in between him and Red Bull or Ferrari, the better.”Russell joins Mercedes after an impressive 2021 season with Williams saw him challenging with one of the slowest cars on the grid. The young Briton made four Q3 appearances, including in front of his home fans at Silverstone.But he really shone in an impressive qualifying performance in wet weather conditions at Belgian to put his car second on the grid. This was converted into his maiden F1 podium when Sunday's race was cancelled due to poor weather. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton fears Mercedes issues will last two months 'It's crazy' [COMMENT]Hamilton's Mercedes 'a handful' as Brit's title prospects played down [INSIGHT]George Russell's Ferrari and Red Bull verdict gives Hamilton hope [ANALYSIS] Russell almost won his first race at Mercedes in 2020’s Sakhir Grand Prix when filling in for Hamilton before a puncture scuppered his chances. When asked whether Russell could challenge Hamilton from the outset, Sky F1 host Natalie Pinkham replied “Absolutely, 100 percent.”She added: “You’ve got to remember (Russell’s) coming at it from a different perspective which I think will bring out the best of Lewis once again as we talked about last year. The fact Max was challenging Lewis in new ways which in turn raised his game. "Lewis will come back hungrier than ever because he wants to leave the sport on his own terms, not those thrust upon him on the last race of the season. I think that’s the most exciting dynamic on the grid. Expect fireworks.”