Official data from the Met Office has revealed that Jersey is the sunniest destination in the UK. The beautiful island soaks up 2,331 hours of sunshine a year. The largest of the Channel Islands has an incredible 30 beaches over 12 miles of gorgeous coastline. Jersey’s breathtaking scenery is made up of rich countryside and offers tourists stunning coastal views. Amanda Burns, CEO of Visit Jersey, said: “We’re delighted with the news that Jersey is officially the sunniest spot in the British Isles for the fourth year running. “Jersey is a curiously Brit (ish) destination, a place close to home but a world away. READ MORE: 'Absolutely gorgeous’ Spain’s best beach named “With an extra 342 hours of sunshine each year, visitors can look forward to a holiday that feels exotic with the security of a mini-haul break. “It’s perfect timing, with Brits starved of sun over the winter months our visitors are dreaming of sunny days. “With the sea never more than 10 minutes away in Jersey, we look forward to welcoming visitors to feel warm sand between their toes before they know it.” Visit Jersey recommended that tourists visit Jersey National Park or St Brelade’s Bay, once rated the third best beach in the UK. One visitor to St Brelade’s Bay said on Tripadvisor: “Walked along the lovely beach on a cold January morning. “Lovely setting. I would imagine how nice it would also be on a warm summer’s day.” Another reviewer said: “Such a clean beautiful stretch of beach. Unfortunately out of season the majority of restaurants are not open but still worth a visit and stroll.” One tourist said: “Amazingly picturesque beach, such a lovely place to watch the world go by.” The second sunniest spot in the UK was Preston in Dorset. The picturesque village is a suburb of Weymouth. It has an amazing 1,989 hours of sunshine per year and is another fantastic place for a staycation. Tourists will be able to walk along Preston’s pretty shingle beach which is popular with dog walkers. There are also two Haven campsites in Preston, a good choice for any camping staycationers. In third place for sunshine was the island of Guernsey with an incredible 1,989 hours of sun a year. Another of the Channel Islands, visitors to Guernsey can enjoy one of the island’s beautiful beaches. Aberdaron in Wales was the fourth sunniest spot, recording over 1,800 hours of sunshine a year. 