The study of 2,000 garden owners found nearly a third (31 percent) would like to see greener products for gardening more widely available. And a fifth admitted they have no idea how to make their outdoor space more eco-friendly. The research was commissioned by garden specialists Hozelock, to launch the EasyMix 2-in-1 Composter. Sarah Dixon, from Hozelock, said: “Sustainability is becoming increasingly important, and while we often hear about the different ways to make changes in the home, such as swapping appliances or fitting a smart meter, the outdoors is often overlooked. “It’s interesting to see how people would like to be – and are trying to be – more sustainable in their garden. “There are many different ways gardens can be made greener, such as composting, adding pollinating flowers and plants like crocuses or lavender, growing your own fruit and veg, and reducing the use of chemicals. “Each small change can make a big difference, and with spring and summer upon us there’s no better time to take up new habits outside.” The research also found nearly one in four (23 percent) are not aware if they are harming their garden with the products they use. But many admit to still using weed killer (36 percent), insect repellent (22 percent) and peat compost (20 percent). And one in ten (11 percent) wash excess weed killer down the drain, while 16 percent have been known to light a bonfire in their garden. In the past five years, in order to be sustainable, 31 percent have planted pollinating flowers, and 26 percent installed a guttering or water butt to collect rainwater. Almost two-thirds (65 percent) agreed there isn’t enough information and tips on how to compost, and only 30 percent currently do this as a way of getting rid of garden waste. A further one in eight (14 percent) feel “guilty” about the amount of garden waste they send to landfill. Those surveyed, via OnePoll, feel a sustainable garden would typically feature water butts (55 percent), fruit and veg patches (53 percent), and composters (52 percent). When it comes to outdoor space, 62 percent admitted they prioritise how easy it is to maintain, while 42 percent care about how appealing it is for wildlife, and only 31 percent take into account how environmentally friendly it is. Changes garden owners would like to make, but are yet to do so, include growing their own fruit and veg (29 percent), composting their own waste (23 percent), and planting more trees (21 percent). TV shows (29 percent) are the main source of information for people about how to live sustainably, followed by social media (24 percent) and magazines (18 percent). Sarah Dixon added: “Composting is an effective way to be more sustainable in the garden, but it is often considered to be complex and time consuming – however, there are now products available which can simplify the process. “A tumbling composter, for example, allows you to easily recycle kitchen and garden waste, helping to prevent food waste being sent to landfill, whilst also improving the quality of your soil.”