Sophie and Prince Edward joined forces and causes as they spoke with Menna Fitzpatrick MBE, a champion alpine skier member of Paralympics GB. During a video call with the athlete, the Countess asked to share how she competes at "seriously fast speeds" while being visually impaired. Sitting next to Prince Edward, Sophie said: "Just describe what it's like for somebody with very low vision to actually ski seriously fast speeds. What is it like?" Ms Fitzpatrick, who only has five percent of her vision, replied: "People think that it is quite a bit mental to be quite honest. "It's very much like being in a complete white-out." Clearly admiring the athlete, Sophie said: "I think it's extraordinary, I think it's incredibly brave of you." The Earl and Countess also spoke with Katie Guest, who was due to be Ms Fitzpatrick's guide during the Paralympics. Edward told the pair: "The very best of luck to you especially, but the whole team, and we hope that all goes really well." Sophie added: "Good luck, we will be watching you and cheering you on from back here." Ms Guest had to pull out last minute from the Paralympics after testing positive to COVID-19. READ MORE: Queen Letizia leaves fans gushing after ‘real fashion statement’ Ms Fitzpatrick, who at these Games is defending her gold medal in slalom gained during the last Winter Paralympics alongside her former guide Jen Kehoe, will now be guided by Gary Smith. Prince Edward spoke to the athletes as patron of the Paralympic GB, with its members set to start competing today at the Beijing 2022 Winter Paralympic Games. Sophie joined in the call as long-time patron of the Vision Foundation, a sight loss charity based in London. As the Royal Family Twitter account released extracts from this video call on social media to mark the beginning of the Games, fans were quick to praise the Wessexes.   One, @JoblingJulianne, tweeted: "Love the Earl & Countess of Wessex - once again going about their duties with no fanfare, but with dedication and commitment to their duties." A second, @jaxidopheko, said: "Thank you for the support to the Olympians Earl and Countess of Wessex." And another, @els_barneveld4, wrote: "Great team, The Wessex." Sophie stunned royal fans also on Wednesday, when she headed to Guide Dogs' Reading Hub Facility ahead of World Book Day. There, she met some of the guide dogs supporting visually impaired people and spoke to some of the children who have benefitted from Guide Dogs' 'CustomEyes' books - volumes presenting stories in large print to allow those with sight issues to read them. Supporting charities in aid of the visually impaired - as well as fighting preventable blindness - has been one of the first causes embraced by the Countess after she left her job in the early 2000s and became a working royal. Sophie is also deeply involved in the fight against gender-based violence used as a weapon in conflict areas. She also champions gender equality and women in business. Moreover, in recent years Sophie became involved in agriculture and held the position of Show President of the Royal Bath and West Show in 2010 before becoming Vice Patron in 2011. Throughout the pandemic, Sophie has also volunteered for several charities, providing food parcels, preparing meals for NHS staff and supporting the country's vaccination drive.