Meghan Markle’s red Carolina Herrera dress in November 2021 was one of the standout moments of last year, however it was the Duchess of Sussex's wedding dress that was her most iconic red-carpet moment, new research has revealed. Her custom wedding dress designed by Clare Waight Weller under the label of Givenchy, followed by her Stella McCartney custom dress, captivated audiences worldwide. The study by shopping experts Coupon Ninja  analysed the most iconic dresses Meghan has worn by measuring spikes in worldwide Google searches each time she debuted a new red-carpet outfit.  In first place was the two dresses Meghan wore on her wedding day in 2018, which was televised worldwide. The Duchess walked down the aisle in a custom-made dress with a bateau neckline and long sleeves, designed by Clare Waight Keller for Givenchy. The designer was awarded the ‘British Designer of the Year - Womenswear’ award later in the year for the dress at the British Fashion Awards. For the reception, Meghan changed into a custom Stella McCartney classic and relaxed halter neck.  READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how In second place was the custom Valentino red cape dress, which Meghan wore on the Moroccan royal mini-tour in February 2019. There was a 150 percent increase worldwide of people searching for their own ‘red cape dress’ after pictures of the Duchess wearing one. In third place was the iconic Scarlett red gown by Carolina Herrera on November 11, 2021, at the Salute to Freedom Gala in New York. Meghan looked like a vision in the dress with a plunging neckline, fitted waist and flowing train.  The dress was so popular that there was a 108 percent increase worldwide of people searching for Carolina Herrera. The 2018 British Fashion Awards was in fourth place for the most iconic red-carpet look. Meghan made a surprise appearance wearing a Givenchy Haute couture, one-sided black dress in December 2018 that showed off her bump elegantly. In fifth place was the trench coat dress by Grace Wales Bonner that Meghan wore for the unveiling of her and Prince Harry’s first child being born in 2019.  The dress was so popular that there was a 222 percent rise in people searching for trench coat dresses that month worldwide. CouponNinja commented on the findings for Express.co.uk, saying: “Wherever Meghan Markle goes, a red carpet awaits. “She has proven time and time again to be a fashion icon and a talented actress, and an advocate for women’s rights. “It is a designer’s dream for her to wear one of their designs, with them selling out in minutes after she is pictured wearing them. “The Duchess has influenced viewers and trends worldwide with her effortless and elegant style, with everyone wanting to dress like the former royal.  “Her style is most definitely one that deserves recognition and should be celebrated.” Meghan, speaking at the British Fashion Awards, summed up her relationship with fashion perfectly. She said: “As all of you in this room know, we have a deep connection to what we wear. “Sometimes it’s very personal, and sometimes it’s emotional. “For me, this connection is rooted in being able to understand that it’s about supporting and empowering each other, especially as women.” 1. Wedding day: Givenchy Custom dress, Stella McCartney dress2. Moroccan, royal mini-tour: Red cape Valentino dress3. Salute to Freedom Gala: Carolina Herrera scarlet red gown4. BFA: Givenchy Haute Couture, black one-shoulder dress5. Unveiling new royal baby: Grace Wales Bonner trench coat dress6. Lion King Premiere: Jason Wu black dress7. Oprah Interview: Armani black silk leaf dress8. 9/11 Memorial red carpet: Emporio Armani coat9. Visiting a school in Harlem: monochrome red suit and coat10. Tonga visit: Bright red dress and belt by Self Portrait 