Russian oligarchs have continued to feel the burn of their country's invasion of Ukraine, with western nations united in pushing sanctions. The UK Government has targeted those residing in Britain, seizing the assets of people with links to the Putin regime. Today, seven more names have joined an already extensive list, with Roman Abramovich among them. Those targeted in sanctions today include: Collectively, these seven have a net worth of £15 billion. READ MORE: Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant Announcing the sanctions this morning, the Prime Minister said his Government would be "ruthless" in pursuing individuals and businesses. He said in a statement: "There can be no safe havens for those who have supported Putin’s vicious assault on Ukraine. "Today’s sanctions are the latest step in the UK’s unwavering support for the Ukrainian people. "We will be ruthless in pursuing those who enable the killing of civilians, destruction of hospitals and illegal occupation of sovereign allies." But they're not the only people facing sanctions from the UK. Every Russian individual and business targeted by the Government is outlined in its exhaustive list available here. Mr Abramovich, who is in the process of selling Chelsea, has had his assets frozen and cannot transact with UK individuals and businesses. He also faces a travel ban and further "transport sanctions" under the Government's latest move, although this won't disrupt aspects of Chelsea's day-to-day running, it has assured. The club has received a license authorising all of its "football-related" activities to carry on, and can "continue playing matches and other football-related activity" to "protect the Premier League, the wider football pyramid, loyal fans and other clubs". The statement adds: "This licence will only allow certain explicitly named actions to ensure the designated individual is not able to circumvent UK sanctions. "The licence will be kept under constant review and we will work closely with the football authorities." The Government's move has also had an immediate impact on the standing of mining firm Evraz. As the largest shareholder, the news caused share prices to drop by more than 12 percent today. Mr Abramovich holds a stake of approximately 30 percent, although the company had sought to distance itself from its Russian links. Representatives announced yesterday it had scrapped its interim dividend - which would have benefitted Mr Abramovich - and that it had not granted him any loans. 