Now the war in Ukraine is producing its own grim photographs which will stand as a memorial to the barbarity of one man's vanity and brutality. Perhaps the picture of a bloodied girl clutching her coat with the wreckage of a hospital bombed by the Russians in Ukraine yesterday will be one of those shocking images. She of course was one of the lucky ones with many children and other victims of Putin's war of terror buried in the ruins. It was a new level of barbarism in the two weeks since this war began and one which will shame Russia for generations. While thousands are protesting against this war in cities like Moscow and not all of Russia by any means is supporting the Putin regime, the fact remains that this dictator has destroyed the reputation of a country which has given so much to culture. Russians need to understand that it will be hard to undo the damage done by Putin and that as a country he has tarnished them all. The Ukrainians have long since proven that Putin's hopes of a quick victory have been thwarted and the international community has finally shown that it can act as one in imposing crushing sanctions on a country responsible for such atrocities. It is hard now to see the endgame for Putin or indeed Russia in this war. If he carries on fighting then there can only be years of struggle with more death, destruction and suffering. There cannot now be a get-out clause for Putin or a means for this man to save face. He must be held responsible for his war crimes. All that is certain now is that even if he manages to somehow subjugate Ukraine, Putin can at best only hope for a hollow victory, one where his army has laid waste to a country and left it in desolation. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- POLAR history was made when Sir Ernest Shackleton's ship, the Endurance, was found at the bottom of Antarctica's Weddell Sea. Remarkable footage of one of the world's most famous shipwrecks shows it to be astonishingly well-preserved after sinking in the icy waters 107 years ago. With the wooden vessel's wheel and name clearly visible, what an amazing sight to behold and how proud we are in the knowledge the lost ship has truly lived up to her name.