The Monarch will surely look happily at some of the cheerful snaps taken during the tour of the Caribbean of Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William, royal expert Duncan Larcombe said. The Cambridges' tour, he said, is providing some lovely images of the couple and is set to uplift the spirits of members of the Royal Family after the Firm experienced a series of issues, scandals and damaging claims. Mr Larcombe told OK! magazine: "That is what the Royal Family needs at the moment more than ever." The expert then appeared to make a reference to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's decision to step down as senior royals in early 2020 and the claims of racism and neglect they made during their landmark interview with Oprah Winfrey. He also seemed to refer to Prince Andrew, who returned his military and royal patronages to the Queen in light of the civil lawsuit launched against him by Virginia Giuffre last August. The Duke of York firmly and repeatedly denied any wrongdoings. Last month, he settled the lawsuit out of court, a move which did not constitute an admission of guilt. Mr Larcombe said: "The last few years have been dogged by arguments, scandals, departures and claims of racism and mental health. It's been a rotten time. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here "So the sight of William and Kate scuba diving and dancing, they look fantastic. "There are some lovely images that the Queen will be looking at with a huge smile on her face." The last few months have been difficult for the monarch also on a personal level, as she experienced some health issues which drastically modified the way she carries out her work. On October 20, she was taken to hospital for "preliminary tests" after Buckingham Palace announced she would no longer travel to Northern Ireland as planned following her doctors' advice to rest. READ MORE: Meghan fans fume at 'DupliKate' as Duchess accused of 'copying' style The monarch hasn't carried out a royal visit outside of her residences since and, during an in-person audience in February, appeared to make light of the fact she was experiencing mobility issues. Moreover, in the same month, she also experienced a mild bout of COVID-19, during which she suffered "mild cold-like symptoms". Referring to photographs showing Kate and William scuba diving, the royal commentator added: "The pictures of them scuba diving together are probably amongst the best we've seen of them as a couple – they're certainly the most unusual. "These are the sorts of pictures that will be used in 50 years’ time." Earlier this week, Kensington Palace released a video showing Kate and William diving to see from up close Belize's barrier reef – the second largest in the world – at South Water Caye. In the clip, the royals can be seen swimming among nurse sharks, admiring the local ecosystem and giving each other the 'ok' hand sign. This engagement, carried out on Sunday, served to highlight the importance of protecting the barrier reef and the impressive conservation efforts undertaken by the government of Belize. In the voiceover to the clip, William is heard saying: "It's really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize and what wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading, which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef and in fact it's a UNESCO world heritage site. "It's clear to see the Belizeans value their environment, whether it's the marine environment or the land environment. "It's great to see their commitments go further and further. "We should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments." Kate and William's tour is veering towards its end, as the royal couple is to leave Jamaica today to head to The Bahamas, their last destination. During their trip, they have been able to meet many well-wishers. However, Kate and William were also the targets of two protests. The first, in Belize, forced them to cancel a planned engagement at a cocoa farm in Indian Creek while the second, in Jamaica, saw activists calling for the payment of reparations for slavery.