BBC broadcaster Clive Myrie, 57, will land in London today after several weeks reporting on the front line in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv amid Russia's invasion. As concerns for the journalist’s safety grew, Clive fled the country on Sunday but has now pledged to return. In an update to his 223,000 Twitter followers, Clive penned: “A quick thank you for all your good wishes over the last two weeks. “You have all been very kind to me and the BBC teams in Ukraine. I’m now heading back to London, but will return.” In a later post, Clive confirmed he had safely arrived at Iasi International Airport in Romania ready to board his flight to the UK. He noted that “thousands” of Ukrainian refugees had made it across the border and were set to “begin new lives in the European Union” after being forced to leave their home country. READ MORE:‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence He said: “At the airport now in Romania about to head back to London. “It’s a small place with well over a thousand refugees from Ukraine, heading onto any country they want to, to meet up with family, friends, and begin a new phase of their lives...in the European Union!” Hundreds took to the comments to thank Clive for his reports over the past fortnight and commend his bravery. BBC News’ Nuala McGovern said: “Hope you get rested in the coming days @CliveMyrieBBC you did an amazing job with your colleagues.” He said: “At the airport now in Romania about to head back to London. “It’s a small place with well over a thousand refugees from Ukraine, heading onto any country they want to, to meet up with family, friends, and begin a new phase of their lives...in the European Union!” Hundreds took to the comments to thank Clive for his reports over the past fortnight and commend his bravery. BBC News’ Nuala McGovern said: “Hope you get rested in the coming days @CliveMyrieBBC you did an amazing job with your colleagues.” DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen[LATEST]Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz[NEWS] “A few days among these people would have told him much more than he seems to understand.” He added that as his time in Kyiv came to an end, he reflected on the brave people he met, including a mother and her teenage daughter who shared his underground shelter and a woman who risked her life to feed pigeons in the capital. With their fates left unknown, Clive concluded that the locals represent “strength, courage and the indomitability of an independent state, not the cowering fear of the colonised”. Clive’s gruelling departure from Ukraine began at the tail end of last week. He first shared a snap of his BBC colleague, Ian Jonas, crossing a bridge across the Dniester River into Moldova. The team then embarked on a 17-hour trek across Moldova to reach the Romanian border, where he queued for a further eight hours before being able to enter. After finally crossing the border, Clive took a moment to sympathise with the Ukrainians who have been forced to flee their country. He wrote: “Imagine having to leave all you know in a hurry because you’re being shelled! What do you pack? Do pets come too? It’s freezing cold and you pray those in neighbouring countries will welcome you, not despise you! “My thoughts are with the one million who have fled Ukraine because they might be killed... They all pray they’ll be welcomed in other countries as human beings. That’s all they ask.”