Donald Trump’s plane was in the air for only about 20 to 30 minutes before one of the engines failed, Politico revealed. The emergency situation, which occured over the Gulf of Mexico, forced the pilot to turn the private plane around and return to the New Orleans airport, a source told the publication.    The plane was set to fly to Palm Beach, where Mr Trump lives on his Mar-a-Lago estate. According to a source who had been briefed on the recording, audio of the communications between the pilot and the air traffic control tower described the landing as “emergency in nature”, according to Politico. READ MORE: Trump says US should 'bomb the s**t' out of Russia and blame China  However, another source, who was familiar with the recording, disputed that the word “emergency” was used. Once Mr Trump was safely returned to the New Orleans airport, the Republican National Committee reportedly secured the businessman-turned-politician another plane given by a donor. He eventually arrived in Palm Beach around 3AM (EST) on Sunday. The aircraft turned around just before 11PM (EST). DON'T MISSDonald Trump claims he threatened to ‘hit Moscow’ [UPDATE]Biden bashed for attempting to patch up Iran deal amid Putin invasion [REVEAL]Queen ‘enjoyed’ Donald Trump visit – ‘Kept him for extra 15 minutes!’ [INSIGHT]   Mr Trump’s plane, the Dassault Falcon 900, had flown roughly 75 miles before it was forced to turn around, an unnamed source told the Reuters news agency. Other passengers included Secret Service agents, support staff and some advisers. At the event in New Orleans, Mr Trump delivered a 84-minute speech, which was met with mixed responses after he shared he believes the US should put the Chinese flag on F-22 jets and “bomb the s**t out of Russia” following the Ukraine invasion. He continued: “And then we say, ‘China did it, we didn’t do it, China did it,’ and then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.” Meanwhile, Mr Trump is set to be airborne again on Saturday as the former President will hold a rally in Florence, South Carolina, along with Governor Henry McMaster and the congressional candidates Russell Fry and Katie Arrington.  