Manchester United may have to make Declan Rice the third most expensive footballer of all time to lure him away from West Ham United this summer. United have emerged as frontrunners in the race to sign Rice, but the Hammers are set to demand £150million for their prize asset. The Red Devils could test West Ham's resolve at the end of the season, with a new midfielder the club's transfer priority ahead of the 2022/23 season. And Paul Pogba's inevitable free agency will leave a gaping gap to fill in the heart of the incoming manager's squad. Rice is known to have already rejected multiple contract extensions at the London Stadium as he eyes a big move and, ultimately, Champions League football to develop his promising career. The 23-year-old's current deal expires in 2024, and West Ham are increasingly pressured to cash in on his services. JUST IN: Gary Neville predicts when Man Utd will announce next boss According to MailSport, United are Rice's leading suitors, and the talented midfielder is interested in switching to Old Trafford. However, with the club also eyeing a young striker to replace Edinson Cavani this summer, it remains uncertain whether they will fork out such a significant sum on one player. West Ham figures are determined to keep him at the club beyond the summer transfer window, but David Moyes is resigned to losing his star man to a heavyweight suitor. And as Rice edges closer towards his contract expiry in east London, the club's negotiation position gradually weakens. READ MORE: Bruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool Chelsea have been touted as United's main rivals for Rice's signature, but they are currently banned from buying new players following sanctions handed to outgoing owner Roman Abramovich. And if United are the sole bidders, it could be more challenging for West Ham to stick to their hefty price tag. Rice was also linked with a move away from West Ham last summer following another impressive season as a crucial figure to Moyes. The Scot revealed after the transfer window that the club's £100m valuation was a 'bargain', but 'that bargain is now gone'. And it seems they have bumped up the price one year later. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.