Reports claim Arsenal would be prepared to sell Kieran Tierney at the right price with Real Madrid and Barcelona both keen on the Scotsman. The industrious, determined defender has built a fine reputation as one of the most consistent left-backs in world football and it appears his performances have attracted attention from overseas. Tierney has played 22 of Arsenal's 28 Premier League fixtures this season, netting once and assisting three times. He has become a key figure in Mikel Arteta's dressing room and is one of the candidates to replace Alexandre Lacazette as captain when the Frenchman departs this summer. That's why it comes as a huge surprise that The Sunday Post claim the Gunners wouldn't stand in Tierney's way if they received a suitable offer for the former Celtic man. The report states that both Real Madrid and Barca are keen on Tierney with Los Blancos allegedly preparing an offer of around £50million. READ MORE: Arsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks held Celtic negotiated a 15 per cent sell-on fee as part of the deal that saw him move to the Emirates Stadium under Unai Emery in 2019. Real Madrid's chief scout Juni Calafat is thought to be a huge fan of Tierney and a swoop could be on the cards this summer. Former Arsenal forward Paul Dickov recently urged Arteta to hand Tierney the captaincy to help fend off the interest from Real Madrid. “Kieran Tierney's just a wonderful player, not just as a defender,” Dickov said. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt “But it's very rare you see a defender who likes to defend as well. The modern defender prefers to play out and higher up the pitch, but Kieran thrives on his defensive duties. “He's got so much quality going forward and without sounding disrespectful to Arsenal, I'm amazed that there weren’t more clubs in for him. “I've watched him from a young age at Celtic and when he signed for Arsenal, I thought that was a fantastic signing. You could see at a young age the quality he had, he brings so much to the team and he's a leader. "He's a winner and I think going forward he's going to be made Arsenal captain.” Despite the reports, Arsenal are understood to be keen to keep all of their star players as opposed to losing them, something that has been the case in the past with the likes of Robin van Persie, Cesc Fabregas and Alexis Sanchez. Arteta is looking to build around his fresh core of Tierney, Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Thomas Partey, Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka. That's why it's hard to envisage Arsenal sanctioning Tierney's departure should an offer arrive. Nuno Tavares did enjoy a run in the side earlier in the season before Tierney regained his place in the starting XI.