The Duchess of Cambridge, 40, received a bouquet of flowers from a young Bahamian girl after touching down at the Lynden Pindling International Airport with Prince William. Dressed in white gloves and a pink dress, the girl said people at school "can't bully her anymore' after gifting flowers to a royal. Asked by the ZNS Network what she's going to tell her friends at school, the girl said: "You guys can't bully me anymore. "You guys can't tell me what to do." Her mother added: "I was so very proud of her. She's very docile so it was an honour to see her do it." Twitter users were quick to comment on the moment. READ MORE: Queen urged to axe Prince Harry role as monarch faces 'unthinkable' Bella Luna wrote: "What a beautiful girl. Such poise at a young age." Sabirah Lohn added: "What a cute little girl. Loving the gloves she is wearing." Bex Baumbach noted: "Just look at that beautiful little girls smile! What an amazing moment for her, one I’m sure she’ll always remember." During the visit, they are scheduled to attend an assembly at a primary school, compete in a sailing regatta and participate in a cultural event featuring typical Bahamian food and music. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge faced a protest by Belize villagers and a rally in Jamaica for slavery reparations as well as unusually direct comments by Jamaica's prime minister about the country wanting to be "independent." Their tour comes after Barbados removed the queen as head of state last year, a move other Commonwealth countries may follow and one that Jamaica has begun to study - potentially fueling a decline of British cultural influence in its former colonies. A protest is planned for Friday by Rastafarian groups to demand reparation payments by Great Britain and an apology for slavery. The Bahamas National Reparations Committee, an independent panel created by the government to study the issue, made similar calls in a letter. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle receiving '$18m for the first episode' of podcast [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Americans rage UK should pay US reparations [VIDEO] "They and their family of Royals and their Government must acknowledge that their diverse economy was built on the backs of our ancestors," read a letter published on Tuesday. "They must pay." A separate demonstration will ask William and Kate to help bring attention to problems facing Bahamian women, including a legal provision that bars the prosecution of a person for raping their spouse, which is sometimes described as "marital rape." Queen Elizabeth continues to be the official head of state for some former British colonies including Canada, Australia, Belize, The Bahamas and Jamaica, which are known as ``realms'' of the queen, although she serves as a symbolic figurehead and not political decision-maker. A separate organization known as the Commonwealth of Nations is a group of 54 countries, almost all of which are former colonies of the United Kingdom, which is primarily focused on promoting democracy and development.