Germany relies on Russia to supply around 40 percent of its gas supplies. Speaking today, Mr Scholz vowed for Europe to end its energy dependency on Russia, but refused to do so now. He said to do so "overnight" would plunge his country into a recession, risking hundreds of thousands of jobs and entire industrial sectors. He added: "Sanctions should not hurt European states harder than the Russian leadership." It comes ahead of an EU summit on Thursday where the bloc is expected to agree on a new sanctions package. But ministers have already clashed on how to respond. The EU and allies have already imposed hefty measures against Russia, including freezing its central bank's assets. Russia's siege and bombardment of Mariupol port, which EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell called "a massive war crime", is increasing pressure for action. But targeting Russian energy exports, as the United States and Britain have done, is a divisive choice for the 27-nation EU. Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said: “Fully cutting off Russia’s trade would further force Russia to consider whether it would be better to stop this cruel war.” France has argued that there should be no “taboos” in terms of sanctions if the situation in Ukraine gets worse. But that sentiment does not appear to have been echoed by Germany, whose economy could go into turmoil if Russia's energy imports were cut off. German Vice-Chancellor Robert Habeck said on public radio DLF on March 19 that completely slashing Russian energy imports could mean a “three percent to five percent loss of GDP”, which would lead to “some people no longer earning any money at all". He added: "And these some people are very, very many”. "If certain sectors, such as the chemical industry or steelworks, can no longer produce, entire supply chains will break down. "Not only are these sectors affected, but the entire production process breaks down in many places." Mr Scholz has already put plans for Nord Stream 2 – a gas pipeline connecting Russia with Germany – on hold. Germany undermines Putin sanctions | Octopus Energy to slash bills | Macron wins big from UK energy plan Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Novak warned on Wednesday: "If Russian hydrocarbons are put under sanctions, global oil and gas markets would collapse. "Russian fuel and energy complex is operating as usual despite western sanctions." He further noted that the ban on Nord Stream 2 was an "absurd and complete misunderstanding" of energy balances.