Troy Deeney fears a new Chelsea owner may ‘possibly’ relieve Thomas Tuchel of his duties in order to make their mark at Stamford Bridge. The Blues will soon be under new stewardship after Roman Abramovich put the club on the market. And while Deeney feels sorry for Tuchel, he also believes change could be on the cards. Amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Abramovich has opted to sell Chelsea after a glittering 19-year spell in west London. He confirmed this in a statement on Wednesday night, saying: “I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interests at heart. “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club, fans, employees, as well as sponsors and partners.” Now, Deeney has expressed sympathy for Tuchel - who has grown impatient of answering questions on Abramovich. “I can imagine it is really horrible to be the manager of Chelsea at the moment,” he wrote in his column for The Sun. “I genuinely felt sorry for Thomas Tuchel when I saw him answer question after question on Roman Abramovich and the club’s future. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “Tuchel is the boss. Russia’s conflict with Ukraine is a huge talking point around the globe. “He is one of the few people who can be questioned on it on a weekly basis. “But like most of us, he doesn’t have all the answers and doesn’t always know what to say. “Just give him a break. It is also unfair to be asking players about it.” However, Deeney also fears that a new Chelsea owner may choose to sack Tuchel in order to make their mark in west London. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “It is a really new and weird place to be in,” he added. “The one thing that will really be happening from a player’s perspective will be a lot of imagination. “Everyone will have an idea of what kind of owner they want. “Realistically, with the price tag of the club being what it is, you’re not going to get a schmuck — they will know what they are doing. “The only worry for the players will be if a new owner brings change and wants to stamp his authority on a few things. “Could that mean a manager change? Possibly. Could that mean a couple of new players that affect your position? Possibly. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “Are they going to get a different type of owner who isn’t as trigger happy in the transfer market, more someone who likes to balance the books like Arsenal’s Stan Kroenke? “After losing the League Cup final to Liverpool on penalties, Chelsea’s season looks to be on a knife edge. “There are a lot of distractions and it has the potential to derail the season, especially at a time in the campaign when it could go either way. “But if they put a couple of wins together, it will look completely different.” One prospective Chelsea owner could be Turkish businessman Muhsin Bayrak. Billionaires Todd Boehly and Hansjorg Wyss have also emerged as frontrunners, too. Yet Barak has confirmed he’s looking to buy Chelsea and is hopeful of flying the Turkish flag in London ‘soon’. Bayrak said: “We are negotiating the terms of the purchase of Chelsea with Roman Abramovich’s lawyers. “We are in the negotiation phase of the signatures. “We’ll fly the Turkish flag in London soon.”