 Conservative politician Dominic Raab was welcomed onto Good Morning Britain on Wednesday and was grilled by money saving expert Martin Lewis. The duo discussed the challenges faced by people by the cost of living crisis. Lewis asked the Deputy Prime Minister to ensure the government does more to help those struggling.    Lewis highlighted examples of people fighting to survive as energy bills rise and insisted the government needed to do more. “What are you doing to help those most vulnerable disabled families with these extortionate rises in electricity bills?” Lewis questioned. Raab responded: “Cost of living challenges are difficult for everyone but particularly for disabled families. “The answer to your question is amiss the £20billion package to deal with the cost of living, £22billion now after the spring statement, we have certain things.   “So if you’ve got a long term disability, the personal independent payments allow you to take into account living costs,” he explained. “There’s a whole range of other things, the energy rebate, the council tax rebate. The latter has a specific disability component,” Raab added. Lewis hit back: “I hate to be a damp squib on this, but if we add up the council tax and we add up the loan that’s coming in October, I get oxygen concentrators and they are well covered - I’m very grateful to hear that, but £350 only covers half roughly of the rise. “It isn’t enough,” the presenter explained. “Just let me tell you, it isn’t enough.   “If you had my mail bag Deputy Prime Minister, if you could see the desperation, if you could hear the desperation at the debt counsellors and the disability charities, and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation. “There are families in this country with disabilities who do not have enough money. “It’s not for me to judge you, you’re an elected official, but people are going to be in a desperate situation about starving or giving their children medicine here. “Can you please do more? Please,” the GMB host pleaded. DON'T MISS..EastEnders spoilers: Harvey Monroe heartbroken after Jean betrayal [SPOILERS]Maureen Lipman opens up on grief after losing her partner [MUST SEE]Phillip Schofield scolds Holly as cooking segment goes awry [WATCH]  Raab replied: “You are right to judge me, that’s what we are here for, the elected politicians that are here, and we’ve got to do everything that we can for the most vulnerable in our society. “I pay tribute to you for raising awareness to it. So I don’t want to duck or shrink from it, even though as I said it’s a combination of the Health Secretary and Work and Pensions Secretary that deal with the benefits side of things. “But, we are doing as much as we can. We will always look if there are better ways of doing it,” the politician insisted. Raab added: “I take your challenge to constantly look at how we can do more for the most vulnerable in our society. “I think that is the overriding priority for us, to look after the most at risk and the most vulnerable as we go through what is going to be a really tough time,” he explained.    While watching the interview on Good Morning Britain, viewers took to Twitter to thank Lewis for raising such important issues with the Deputy Prime Minister. “Thank you @MartinSLewis for standing up for people,” @noskcajharas wrote. @themantiger commented: “Well done @itv for getting the expert to ask the intelligent question in their field.” “Thank the heavens for Martin Lewis #GMB," @Speedqueenie said. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 