British motorsports racing sensation Lewis Hamilton is about to reveal all as part of the fourth season of the Netflix show. Made up of ten episodes, the Formula One racer is set to reflect on his career during the series and try to answer the question of whether he is still good enough and if he "can keep up with the new kids?" The first series of Drive to Survive aired in 2019 and was a massive success for the streaming platform, with the fourth series just days away from airing. In the first episode, Lewis, 37, fears he is at a crossroads in his career. Taking a seat in front of the camera as the start of the season, he shared his doubts on whether he can keep up his success. The star said: "Every season is different. Do I still have it? Am I still fit enough? Am I still driven? Read More: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin's role in Abi's baby plot unveiled? "Can I still keep up with the new kids that are coming?" Following the pattern of its previous seasons, the show will give fans an access all areas pass, taking them behind the scenes to witness first-hand how the drivers and teams prepare to race. One of the show's unique features is the spotlight on the lives of racers on and off the track and their families and teammates. As Lewis places first in the first qualifying race of the 2021 season, he explained he was "overwhelmed" by the pressures of his team, and his own desire to succeed.  The driver commented: "I've been racing a long time and I've faced a lot of different drivers. "There's a constant warfare. This year, I still have that hunger. "If anything, I feel more driven than I ever have before and it's quite overwhelming." While Lewis is keen to succeed, other teams are eager to see him lose with Red Bull boss Christian Horner seen telling a video of the driver to "shut the f**k up". DON’T MISS… Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son in sick revenge twist? [SPOILERS] Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST]  At one point, Hamilton is shown on the podium after winning his 2020 world title, commenting: “It feels like I'm only just getting started." As he watches the footage, Christian mutters: “I wish he’d shut the f**k up.” With F1 drivers becoming household names and personalities, viewers have high hopes of getting the inside scope on this racing star. The new series will focus on the 2021 racing season and how Lewis missed out on a record eighth championship following the Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi.    