Leeds United could demand one of four Barcelona players if the Spanish side press ahead with a summer move for Raphinha. Reports indicate that an agreement is already in place between the Catalan side and the player, whose release clause will be slashed dramatically if the Whites are relegated from the Premier League. With an exit appearing increasingly likely, Express Sport looks at four Barca stars who could head to Elland Road if Leeds attempt to negotiate a player-plus-cash arrangement at the end of the season: Oscar Mingueza SPORT claim that Leeds have already registered an interest in the Barca centre-back. Xavi has got La Blaugrana playing exciting football again, but Mingueza has tumbled down the pecking order as a result and has struggled for game time behind Gerard Pique and Eric Garcia. The agile defender saw plenty of action under Ronald Koeman and already has a senior Spain cap to his name. At 22-years-old, he also has plenty of time to blossom into an even more capable prospect if he decides to switch La Liga for the Premier League this summer. JUST IN: Man Utd, Arsenal and Chelsea to 'discover chances of signing Barcelona star next week Neto At just 22-years-old, Leeds stopper Illan Meslier is still extremely young by Premier League standards and has spent two full seasons picking the ball out of the net. Barca's Brazilian goalkeeper Neto would be a solid option if Whites boss Jesse Marsch opts for more experience between the sticks next term. Neto has been first choice at Valencia in the past and boasts names like Juventus, Fiorentina and Brazil on his CV. Now at 32-years-old, it remains to be seen whether he could be receptive to a new challenge in the summer after three seasons serving as Marc-Andre ter Stegen's understudy. READ MORE: Man Utd star Tahith Chong robbed at knifepoint by masked gang Martin Braithwaite Mainly seen as a bench option at the Camp Nou and often going unused altogether, there is every chance that Xavi could deem Braithwaite expendable in the summer. The striker has been restricted to just four La Liga appearances this campaign, in which he has managed two goals. This season's struggles in Yorkshire have highlighted Leeds' need for cover should first-choice marksman Patrick Bamford be struck down with injury. Braithwaite is not an especially prolific frontman, but has enjoyed fruitful spells with Tolouse and fleeting moments with La Blaugrana. Riqui Puig Having been with Barcelona since the age of 14 amid high hopes for a bright future, Puig, now 22, has spent another season struggling for game time at the Camp Nou. Just 11 league appearances is hardly reflective of a youngster with his creative talent. Reports in Spain indicate that he could look to move on in the summer and with just over a year left on his contract, Barca could sanction his departure to Elland Road if it helps grease the wheels in an effort to see Raphinha move the other way.