The Strictly Come Dancing star appeared via video link as he spoke with BBC hosts Gethin Jones and Sara Davies about the latest news in Ukraine. Nikita explained his family, who live in Ukraine, are regularly calling each other to check they are still alive. “My grandparents are in Kyiv,” the dancer began. “My grandparents they try to uplift each other and their morning starts by calling each other which is the first thing which they do. “They’re just asking on the phone, ‘Are you alive? Yes, I am alive, are you alive?’ “And this is every single morning for 12 days. This is the reality of now. “It’s hard on the people and I can just hear from my grandmother’s voice how every single day it is just getting harder.” READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell He continued: “Obviously, I am trying to uplift them, but this is just the reality, and the war is just going on and it’s heartbreaking." The dancer told the host it is difficult to see the streets where he grew up being bombarded. “It’s not about me,” he admitted. “This is about the people who are fighting in Ukraine. “It’s about my friends, my family, my fellow competitors, they are fighting.” “They didn’t choose to leave the country,” Nikita added. “They didn’t choose to run away. “They are right now fighting. They are raising money, they on the frontline and they volunteer to be on the frontline. “This war is on the whole of Ukraine, and this is why Russia will never win.” Nikita has kept his Instagram followers updated with news about his grandparents. In his most recent post, the dancer shared a snap with his grandmother, captioned with a simple love heart. Nikita’s Strictly co-stars were quick to reply to the sweet photo, with many sending him messages of love and support. Strictly judge, Shirley Ballas replied: “Praying for your loved ones." “Thinking of you,” Oti Mabuse wrote while Dianne Buswell shared a series of heart emojis. Nikita also previously shared a photo of the Ukrainian flag to show solidarity for his country. Neil Jones wrote: “Such a sad day. My thoughts are with you." Dianne added: “Sending my love absolutely heartbreaking, stay safe x.” While Jowita Przystał commented: “Can’t believe it…. Sending my love and prayers! Stay safe!” Morning Live airs weekdays at 9.15am on BBC One.