Emmerdale's Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) was saved from choking to death on Thursday's instalment of the ITV soap as his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) and her cousin Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) got in a physical altercation over The Woolpack. While Paddy insisted he was fine once he caught his breath, could there be something seriously wrong underneath the surface?  The drama unfolded on Thursday's hour-long instalment of Emmerdale as Chas was preparing to host Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) and Liv Flaherty's (Isobel Steele) wedding reception at the village's B&B. Meanwhile, Charity, who has recently taken over The Woolpack which was owned by Chas, was preparing for her launch party. However, the wedding reception plans were nearly ruined when a rat infestation was discovered in the B&B which forced Chas to find an alternative venue for the young couple. Chas thought Charity was behind the infestation, and the pair soon locked horns after Charity discovered someone from the B&B had stopped food being delivered at The Woolpack. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? With the day a damp squib of a disaster Charity soon went on the warpath and arrived at the village hall, which was the new makeshift wedding venue, to confront Chas. But just as she stepped inside the venue, a mystery hand turned on the sprinkler system which left the women, as well as all of the food and decorations, soaking wet. Their argument soon escalated outside the village hall when Charity rubbed potato salad in Chas' face in a fit of rage. Determined not to go down without a fight, Chas started attacking her cousin and covered her head in chocolate sauce.  Many of the villagers, including newlyweds Vinny and Liv, looked on in horror as the characters continued to fight in the street. Their scrap eventually ended when Chas' husband Paddy clasped his neck and was struggling to breathe. As Paddy was choking, a furious Lydia Dingle (Karen Blick) shouted at the fighting women: "Stop it, stop it now. Paddy is in trouble." A concerned Chas rushed over to Paddy who was still holding on to his neck while he was choking.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Dawn Taylor loses custody of Lucas in blackmail plot? [THEORY]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [LATEST]Emmerdale exit for Meena Jutla as she’s sentenced to life in prison? [SPOILER] Luckily, his ex Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) performed the Heimlich manoeuvre on Paddy to save him from choking to death. Following Mandy's quick thinking, Chas asked him if he was okay and a breathless Paddy replied: "I think so, yes." "I hope you are all pleased with yourselves," Lydia fumed. "Not only has Vinny and Liv's wedding reception been completely destroyed, but Paddy was almost choking to death and none of you even noticed because you were too busy gawping at these idiots."  "And as for you two I have never seen anything like it, what have you got to say for yourselves?" While Paddy assured Chas and the others he was fine, could he be suffering from a serious underlying health problem? If he doesn't see a doctor soon, could the Emmerdale vet be rushed to hospital following another health scare? Emmerdale continues weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 