Universal Credit was first introduced in 2013 to replace six legacy benefits including Tax Credits and Working Tax Credits. While these are being gradually replaced by Universal Credit, claimants are being encouraged to check whether they would be better switching to the new system sooner rather than later. In 2024, the existing Working Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit system will close as all claimants will have been moved over to the Universal Credit system. Rather than wait, Britons can initiate the change themselves and some could be better off financially on Universal Credit. The DWP has launched a new campaign encouraging people to use a benefit calculator to check whether they would receive more money on Universal Credit than the tax credits system. The DWP said: “The campaign aims to raise awareness that Tax Credits are ending in 2024 and that many Tax Credit customers could be financially better off on Universal Credit.” READ MORE: Britons are sitting on £74million in NS&I Premium Bonds winnings Not all Tax Credit customers will be better off on Universal Credit which is why they are being encouraged to check first.The DWP said people should “seek independent advice before they apply” for Universal Credit which they can do by using a benefits calculator.Once a change in circumstance has been triggered, Britons can’t return to the Tax Credits system because these legacy benefits are gradually being phased out.The DWP has launched a new section on the Universal Credit website for Tax Credit customers to help people make an informed decision. DON'T MISS:'Thank you!' Martin Lewis saves man £492 a year on his Sky TV bill [INSIGHT]State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less [WARNING]State pension: Six increases will take place from next month [UPDATE]    On the DWP website it states: “If you choose to apply sooner, it’s important to get independent advice before you do as you will not be able to go back to Tax Credits or any other benefits that Universal Credit replaces.” If your circumstances change, you may need to make a claim for Universal Credit anyway, because the legacy benefits that Universal Credit replaces are no longer open for new claims. The DWP said more information about Universal Credit is being provided to Tax Credit customers as part of the renewal process. Meanwhile, more than a million Britons could be owed £596 a month thanks to a recent Universal Credit rule change. Rishi Sunak cut the Universal Credit taper rate in his Autumn budget resulting in more families becoming eligible for the top up. He cut the taper rate from 63p to 55p meaning people could earn hundreds more and still qualify for financial support. The change was supposed to make two million Britons better off, but many still don’t know about it. To find out people should input their details into the benefits calculator on Gov.uk. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Other benefits that Universal Credit claimants qualify for include: 