Homeware textile designer at Marks & Spencer, Lydia Lloyd, has shared her method for folding king size sheets. Lydia, who is known as marksandspencer_lydia on Instagram and is an “M&S Insider”, shares interior and homeware styling tips on her account. This weekend she posted a video showing her followers how to simply fold king size sheets. King size sheets can be tricky to store, and can easily end up looking creased. To neatly fold them and avoid creases, Lydia shared her five-step method. She said in the caption of her video: “It’s a beautiful morning! “Hope you’ve got nice plans for the weekend? READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “I’ve had a couple of requests for this and thought I’d share a ‘how to fold your king size sheets’ and keep your bedding together for efficient storing.” In the video, Lydia can be seen folding the sheet on top of her own bed. Lying next to her on the bed is her dog who lies patiently throughout the video. 1. Fold the sheet in half Lydia folds the duvet cover in half lengthways on the bed.  DON'T MISSLaundry expert shares items which should never be put in the machine [INSIGHT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [UPDATE]Garden weeds: Use Epsom salt to ‘effectively’ kill weeds - ‘amazing!’ [ANALYSIS]  2. She then folds the sheet in half lengthways once again. 3. Lydia then folds the sheets into thirds and then tucks the bottom of the sheet upwards to create a pocket. 4. Fold up your pillow cases and fitted sheets. 5. Next, Lydia folds the pillowcases and fitted sheet into the pocket of the duvet cover. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This keeps all the matching pieces of the duvet set together. 6. Once folded and secure, the duvet set can be stored. The duvet set Lydia folded up was the M&S Jacquard Bedset. The M&S insider’s video received 72 likes on Instagram.   Lydia has also previously posted how to fold a fitted sheet. She shared how to fold them so they fit “tidily” in a storage cupboard. Lydia has also shared other M&S homeware updates and Mother’s Day ideas.