Attempts were made to contact Nadine Dorries, the Prime Minister's official spokesman said this morning. Unlike calls made to Home Secretary Priti Patel and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, the Kremlin was unsuccessful in its efforts to speak to the Culture Secretary. "We are seeing a string of distraction stories and outright lies from the Kremlin, reflecting Putin's desperation as he seeks to hide the scale of the conflict and Russia's failings on the battlefield," the Prime Minister's official spokesman said. "The Russian state was responsible for the hoax telephone calls made to UK ministers last week. "This is standard practice for Russian information operations and disinformation is a tactic straight from the Kremlin playbook to try to distract from their illegal activities in Ukraine and the human rights abuses being committed there." Senior Government sources fear Russia may attempt to release doctored clips of the calls in order to back up their warped narrative on Ukraine or to embarrass the UK. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  Defence Secretary Ben Wallace publicly acknowledged he had been targeted shortly after his call on Thursday in an attempt to get ahead of any attempt by Moscow to circulate footage from it. He also initiated a cross-Whitehall review to tighten up security procedures. A hoaxer held a 10-minute phone call with the Defence Secretary pretending to be Ukrainian prime minister Denys Shmyhal. Mr Wallace decribed the telephone call as a "desperate attempt", adding that it would fail. He said on Thursday: "An attempt was made by an imposter claiming to be Ukrainian PM to speak with me. "He posed several misleading questions and after becoming suspicious I terminated the call. READ MORE: Putin hits Ukraine military targets with hypersonic ‘dagger’ missiles  "No amount of Russian disinformation, distortion and dirty tricks can distract from Russia’s human rights abuses and illegal invasion of Ukraine. A desperate attempt." Ministers remain concerned about Russia saboteur efforts. Home Secretary Priti Patel has warned security checks are reuiqred on refugees travelling to the UK because of fears Russian spies could exploit the crisis to infiltrate the country. DON'T MISS:Public calls increase for NATO to ‘fight new Hitler' with no-fly zone [REACTION]Putin crisis: Shock graph shows EU can CRIPPLE Russia [INSIGHT]Ukraine fears desperate Putin ready to wipe out 'whole population' [UPDATE]  Speaking at the Conservative spring forum in Blackpool at the weekend, Ms Patel said it was "naive" to assume that just because most people arriving in the UK were women and children there could not be Kremlin agents among them. Some 10,200 visas have been issued under the Ukraine family scheme as of 4pm on Sunday, the Home Office said. A total of 31,500 applications have been submitted so far, according to provisional data published on the department's website. Ms Patel said: "The truth is that a very small number of people can wreak utter havoc, and Russia has a history of covert, hostile activity. And I am afraid it is naive and misguided to think that only men can be covert operatives.   "Or that refugee flows would not be subject to some form of exploitation. "There are those who would come to this country who would mean us harm. "The processes that we have put in place closely followed the advice from our intelligence and security services. "State threats and terrorism come in many forms, they also thrive on indifference and appeasement. And now we are seeing them supplemented by new types of chemical, biological, cyber warfare, ransomware and online threats." 