Today, on Friday, and across the weekend, people in most parts of the UK will experience warmer than usual weather for the time of the year. But, in a sudden reverse balancing act, next week is expected to see lower than average temperatures. With this will also come some stormy weather, particularly across England. Before the worsening weather sets in, temperatures will mainly be in the mid to high teens for the remainder of the week. The high pressure which has brought this milder weather will then drift off westwards, according to the latest BBC Weather for the Week ahead report. It will be replaced by lower pressures and lower temperatures. There is a lot of activity on weather maps for next week showing stormy conditions. On March 31, for example, rainy weather and high winds will pick up across much of the UK, particularly in Northern Ireland where a max wind gust of 50 miles per hour is expected. Conditions will be even worse on April 3, a Sunday, with winds expected to be stronger still. Maximum gusts of around 51.6mph are likely to hit parts of northern Wales at this time, according to maps from WX Charts. READ MORE: Sunak sparks BBC bias row over 'left wing' coverage of economy Meanwhile, in London, the speed is predicted to reach just shy of 60 miles per hour (59.5), an incredible turnaround from the weather experienced this week. Alongside more windy weather, there will also be bouts of rain and even snow. Jim Dale from the British Weather Services said low pressures with air from Scandinavia will take over from next week. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] He told Express.co.uk frost is likely to set across much of the UK as the week unfolds. Mr Dale added: “[There will be] snow too by the middle of the week for the mountains of Scotland and Scotland as a whole.” He said this will also appear in “parts of northern England by Thursday, with possible flurries for Wales and even the high ground of southwest England by Friday”. After this period of unsettled weather, however, it is expected warmer weather fronts will reemerge, according to the BBC. There are currently no weather warnings from the Met Office for the weekend or the week following it. This is unlikely to change for the coming Saturday and Sunday but, given the stormy weather settling in after this dry spot, it could be updated as we move through next week.