73-year-old Dororthy lives with her husband in Worthing where she runs her Forever Living direct selling business from home. Just a few years ago she was juggling a busy career as a university lecturer and a midwife for the NHS just to try and make ends meet.  Despite all her years of hard work, she started to worry about how she would ever be able to fund her retirement. With a mortgage to pay off and daughters to put through university, she soon realised that her NHS pension of £43 a week wasn’t going to stretch far enough. In April 2001 she came across the Forever Living business opportunity and decided to give it a go to top up her pension. Dorothy told Express.co.uk: “At first I worked to earn enough so I could drop the university job. READ MORE: Thousands of carers are due a £500 cash boost for their hard work “When I was made redundant I was relieved to have the replacement income and also more time to work on my Forever Living business. “Within three years we created the equivalent of a very good NHS pension and I was able to retire from midwifery.” Direct selling is enjoying a renaissance since the first Tupperware parties were born in the 1970s. Anyone can join a direct selling business, but it does take time and hard work - just like any business, Dorothy says. She is paid commission from selling Forever Living products online and was able to work throughout the coronavirus pandemic. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [INSIGHT]‘Welcome relief’ for pensioners in interest rate decision [UPDATE]Millions eligible for free broadband installation [ALERT]  While most people earn an extra £481 a month on average, Dorothy often rakes in between £2,000 and £2,500. More than half a million (631,000) Britons work in direct selling - yet 98 percent of them are women. The industry attracts a lot of mothers because they can choose to work part-time and fit the business around family commitments. Susannah Schofield OBE, director general of the Direct Selling Association, said the industry has seen a 12 percent year-on-year growth of people becoming 'evening entrepreneurs' since the pandemic. She said: “The events of the pandemic have served as a catalyst for a rapid transformation to far more sophisticated and widespread support of direct selling via online platforms.”  Ms Schofield shared some tips for people looking to get started: 1. "Choose the right products to sell – Many brands sell their products direct-to-consumer: Avon, The Body Shop, Usborne Books and Neal’s Yard Remedies Organics, so there are a wide variety of products to choose from. 2. "Set realistic expectations – Money is earned through commission on product sales. Be realistic about how much time you have to dedicate to your business: direct selling requires time and effort. 3. "Know your rights (and those of your customers) and learn about upholding good practice as a direct seller.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea 4. "Beware of rogue traders – As in many sectors, there are individuals that can do huge damage to the reputation of the wider industry. Beware of individuals making unrealistic claims about direct selling being a chance to ‘get rich quick’ – anything that looks or sounds too good to be true probably is. 5. "Always look for the DSA logo – the Direct Selling Association (DSA) is the recognised trade body in the UK for direct selling and its members must adhere to strict Codes of Conduct, which ensure greater rights and protection, prompt payment of commission and adequate training. A full list of DSA member companies can be found online at www.dsa.org.uk."