The customer at Celebrity Indian Restaurant, central Birmingham, said they were made to feel unwelcome by staff and added that they should "learn some manners". According to their TripAdvisor review they said they would not be returning, or recommending the eatery which has a 4.0 rating on the website and more than 400 "excellent" reviews.  In contrast, another recent customer called the curry house "fantastic", while another said it was "simply the best". A boss at the restaurant responded to the complaining customer to say the poppadom wait was actually nine minutes and that the diner  had been "complaining about every little thing" The general manager said: "Thank you for taking your time and we appreciate all feedback, negative reviews help us improve services."Unfortunately on Saturday night we couldn’t please you. Looking at your order you ordered poppadoms and you complained to say you have been waiting 40 minutes, we can confirm you waited nine minutes."We took your drinks order after seven minutes of sitting you down. Your timing seems rather exaggerated, we apologise we couldn’t serve you any quicker."You kept complaining about every little thing and thankfully you asked to cancel your order as you were not being pleasant to our team. Our aim is always to please guests and once again we apologise for not meeting your standards. We wish you the best."  The full diner's complaint read: Well what an experience!! Was seated at our table, no smile very unwelcoming!"Sat for about 15 minutes and had to call someone over to take drinks order Bacardi and coke! Coke was watered down and not sure where the Bacardi was!! Awful!"Someone came over to take order then waited another 20 minutes for our poppadoms after having to ask again!! At this point we was really annoyed as no apology just that they were shorted staffed (not our problem )."As we were sitting there a lot of the other tables seem to be getting special service maybe their regulars! But it was apparent they didn’t like us!"So we cancelled our order and settled the bill no questions ask no apology. The waiter was rude !! Throwing our receipt on the table no thank you no nothing!!"When I read the reviews they seemed good apart from one that’s very much like mine but we cancelled our food thank god!! That one review I thought was just being picky but I know myself that it had got to be true as their experience was the same!"We definitely won’t be going back or recommending rude staff dirty seating area as you enter watered down spirits but the rude staff had got to top it all as you really don’t deserve customers!! Learn some manners." 