Manchester United have endured a troublesome season under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick this term. So, with that being the case, the Red Devils are expected to go on a summer spending spree at the end of the campaign. And Napoli’s Victor Osimhen is the latest player to be linked with a move to Old Trafford, having dazzled in Serie A this term. Manchester United had high hopes at the start of the season. After adding Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane to their squad, as well as landing Cristiano Ronaldo on deadline day, many expected them to challenge for the Premier League title. However, under Solskjaer, United became horrendously bad - with the Norwegian later losing his job in November after a 4-1 defeat to Watford. And while Rangnick has steadied the ship well, the Red Devils are still looking increasingly likely to miss out on Champions League qualification. With United struggling, they’re primed to splash the cash in this summer’s transfer window. So Express Sport will now take a look at how the fallen giants would line up if they’re able to bring in Osimhen, Declan Rice and Manuel Akanji. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz At the start of the season, David De Gea was facing a fight to save his Old Trafford career. He’d struggled for consistency last term, at times falling behind Dean Henderson in the club’s pecking order. Yet, in the time since, De Gea has re-established himself as one of the best goalkeepers in world football. United are delighted with the improvement of the Spain international, who is one of the last disciples of the Sir Alex Ferguson era. And they’re not expected to land an upgrade on De Gea come the summer as a result. Aaron Wan-Bissaka was on the fringes of the action until recently. However, the former Crystal Palace star has broken back into the team and is now displaying some of his best football again. Luke Shaw is a polarising figure but, on his day, the England international remains the best option at left-back. With Harry Maguire struggling, United are eyeing a summer deal for Borussia Dortmund star Akanji. And, should he make the move to the Premier League, the 26-year-old would likely partner Raphael Varane at the back. United have big transfer interest in West Ham star Declan Rice. The England international is seen as the perfect anchorman for the club, having sparkled for the Hammers over the course of the season so far. Obviously, any deal for Rice won’t come cheap. West Ham, according to widespread reports, want in the region of £100million to let their prized asset go. Should they land the Hammers midfielder, he’d go at the base of their midfield. Bruno Fernandes and potentially Donny van de Beek, who has impressed at Everton, could then play further ahead. Cristiano Ronaldo has gone off the boil in recent weeks, with the Portugal international netting just once in 2022 so far. Therefore, the Red Devils are eyeing a deal for Napoli striker Osimhen. The Nigeria international has been in fine form this season, scoring seven times in Serie A and on four occasions in the Europa League this term. As a young forward likened to Edinson Cavani, the 23-year-old would go straight into the side at centre-forward. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford would then be deployed either side of Osimhen in attack.