  Rylan Clark’s mum Linda was generally very warmly received when she appeared to co-present with her son on BBC Radio 2 today. However, a couple of trolls tried to criticise Linda on Twitter, but her son was quick to shut any “waste of licence fee” claims down.       Rylan, 33, took to Twitter today to fire back at a troll who questioned his mum Linda’s appearance on BBC Radio 2 in view of his 1.7 million followers. The Strictly It Takes Two presenter welcomed Linda into the studio, as they prepared to chat to a number of famous pals in honour of mother's day. The pair have previously appeared on Celebrity Gogglebox together, and many fans were thrilled to hear them on the radio together. However, a couple of Twitter users weren’t so keen on Linda’s appearance on the show. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     Yesterday, BBC Radio 2 posted a selfie of Rylan and Linda to promote their upcoming broadcast. The post was captioned: “We CAN'T WAIT for this! @Rylan has a very special co-host for his show on Saturday, the living legend, his Mum Linda! "She'll be chatting to some of her favourite stars and will be a lifeline in the Film & TV quiz Couch Potatoes.” An unimpressed John Sheehan then replied: “What a f***ing wate of licence fee money. I assume she's not doing it for free.”      However, Rylan quickly stepped in to defend his mum, writing: “Yeah she is actually. Because it’s a bit of fun so don’t stress yourself out.” Aside from a couple of negative comments, Linda appeared to receive an overwhelming amount of praise from BBC Radio 2 listeners on Twitter. Su McDermott wrote: “Linda was so lovely you must be very proud of her Rylan. Can’t wait for her to be back again.” (sic) Mattie Jameson commented: “Recovering from surgery and @Rylan and Linda on Radio 2 have been the best company! Kept me going this afternoon.” READ MORE... Meghan Markle unlikely to 'get hands on any royal palaces' [INSIGHT] Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] BBC Breakfast's Rachel Burden tells Naga Munchetty to 'get well soon' [NEWS]      Gillian Patterson added: “@Rylan you and mummy Linda really are bringing the joy this Saturday with your fun chats & 90s pop. Love it.” (sic) Alison wrote: “Currently driving back from a day @ the beach and listening to @Rylan and his lovely mum Linda, laughing at the stories and enjoying the mother/son banter #BBCRadio2 Brilliant xxx.” While Tiff penned: “@Rylan my mum and I have both smiled like absolute idiots listening to you and mummy Linda on the radio. You need to have her on more! “She makes me laugh so much and that is so important at the moment given we don’t have much to smile about in the world. She’s a gem!”       Sarah Courbet added: “It’s hilarious. Tomorrow is my first Mother’s Day without my beautiful mom so feeling a bit sad. “You and Linda have cheered me right up. I love your relationship. Enjoy every single second Xxx.” (sic) While Charlie Feddon shared: “It’s gone 5pm gin is poured, cooking dinner for my family after a great day watching my boy Stanley’s school football team win the final. “And @Rylan and Linda are on @BBCRadio2 playing good tunes - this is what Saturdays are all about.” Rylan on Saturday can be listened to weekly from 3pm to 6pm on BBC Radio 2.    