Nicole Kidman was pictured among the audience at the 2022 Oscars on Sunday night looking very shocked. The photo of her gasping went viral, as many thought it was in reaction to the unexpected moment Will Smith hit Chris Rock over a joke. However, the photographer behind the snap has now confirmed this was taken out of context. On Sunday night, many viewers were left speechless as Will approached the stage and slapped Chris. This came after the comedian made a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s haircut. He quipped he couldn’t wait to see GI Jane 2, a film that featured Demi Moore with a bald head.  However, Jada was visibly upset by the remarks as she suffers from a condition called alopecia. Will went on stage and slapped Chris as a result, tell him to keep his wife’s name out of his “f***ing mouth”. Shortly after this happened, the snap of Nicole began circulating around the internet. However, this was actually taken earlier in the evening, during the untelevised part of the ceremony.  In a new interview, photographer Myung Chun opened up about what Nicole was actually reacting to. He explained: “The picture of Nicole Kidman was taken during the non-televised portion. “It appeared that she was excited to see Jessica Chastain across the room. “Kidman then reached out her arms and waved to her with both hands.” DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty reacts to 'brilliant news' producer joined The One Show [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [INTERVIEW]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [PICTURES]   Myung then added what happened after this as well. “Shortly thereafter, Chastain walked over to greet Kidman and her husband Keith Urban,” he continued to Vulture. Following Will’s incident at the awards, he won the gong for Best Actor. During his tearful speech, he made references to wanting to “protect his family”. He also apologised to the Academy, who later condemned his actions. In an Instagram statement on Monday, Will also apologised to Chris.  He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behavior at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally.” (sic) Will added: “I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. (sic) “I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness.” However, comedian Chris has yet to comment on the moment. 