The Foreign Secretary will on Friday attend a series of meetings with various foreign ministers and officials from the EU, NATO and G7. While at the meetings, Ms Truss will push for more support from the international community towards Ukraine.  With the invasion now one week in, multiple nations and organisations from around the world have rallied together to choke Putin’s cash supply funding the war. Companies including Apple, Nike and Adidas, as well as entities such as UEFA, FIFA and the Olympic Committee, have all sanctioned Moscow. While meeting NATO ministers, Ms Truss will attempt to “drive forward support” to further strengthen the alliances eastern front in an aim to create a credible and formidable deterrent against Putin’s army. Ms Truss will also set out to discuss Europe’s reliance on Russian energy. With the continent currently transitioning through an energy crisis, alternative sources of energy are being sought. The US has already shipped LNG to Europe, with Qatar and Iran also both offering to supply natural gas to the continent.  In addition, Ms Truss will hold talks with G7 foreign ministers and attend the EU Foreign Affairs Council (FAC), where she will insist cooperation between the UK and EU is "essential to defend European security". Speaking before her departure, Ms Truss said: "It is vital the UK and our allies maintain a strong and united front against Russian aggression and act as one in support for Ukraine. "That's why I'm in Brussels for one of the biggest days of diplomacy. “We will work with fellow freedom-loving democracies to tighten the vice around Putin's war machine and signal our strong support for Ukraine's territorial integrity."  READ MORE:Brexit: Hammer blow for Rejoiner fearmongering Speaking from Lithuania earlier, Ms Truss stated there was a need to “keep our foot on the gas” when it came to maintaining economic and punitive measures on Russia. The Foreign Secretary outlined the steps already taken by the UK but said "we need to go further" by including all Russian banks in the ban from the Swift payment system and reducing dependency on hydrocarbons from Russia. Several banks have taken action against Russian financial institutions by blocking access to SWIFT. However, experts believe Russia have several options in bypassing sanctions, including creating their own version of the scheme or teaming up with BRICS nations for international trade.  DON'T MISS:Michael Heseltine mocks Jacob Rees-Mogg over job [REPORT]Putin hid invasion plan from his OWN cabinet [REVEAL]Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call [INSIGHT] The United Nations Security Council has condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine in an emergency meeting. However, China and India notable abstained from the vote. On a humanitarian aspect, the UN has stated more than one million Ukrainians have now fled the country in the last week. Russian forces have advanced on and captured the city of Kherson, surrounded Mariupol and are advancing on Kyiv. Multiple reports of explosions have been heard across towns and cities throughout the week. Ukraine has pleaded with the European Union and NATO to fast-track membership to the organisations, yet this is being met with scepticism by some members who suggest the process cannot be rushed. The European Union in the meantime has granted Ukraine “candidate status”. 