Eddie Hall and Thor clash tonight in the ‘heaviest boxing match in history’ in Dubai. The two man-mountains collide as the two World’s Strongest Man winners look to settle the score in a unique exhibition match. British beast Hall, the champion in 2017, was ready to explode at the press conference earlier this week. He promises a real spectacle when he climbs through the ropes against his rival. There is some professional boxing to get stuck into as well, as Sunny Edwards defends his IBF flyweight title against Muhammad Waseem in Dubai. Edwards is making the second defence of his title as he looks to edge closer towards a unification later in the year. Former super-lightweight world champion Regis Prograis is also in action on the card as he faces Tyrone McKenna. Back in England, welterweight contender David Avanesyan tops Frank Warren's latest bill with his European title defence against Oskari Metz. Avanesyan is looking to move a step closer to a world title shot as he bids to build on his impressive stoppage victory over Josh Kelly in early 2021. Bantamweight prospect Dennis McCann is also looking to make another statement when he takes on Charles Tondo. Here are all the important details... Dubai Eddie Hall vs Thor  Probellum, Dubai Sunny Edwards vs Muhammad Waseem - IBF world flyweight title Regis Prograis vs Tyrone McKenna - Super-lightweight TJ Doheny vs Cesar Juarez - Featherweight Hovhannes Bachkov vs Cristian Rafael Coria - Super lightweight Peter McGrail vs Uriel Lopez - Super-bantamweight Faizan Anwar vs Khojiakbar Qodirokhunov - Lightweight Fahad Al Bloushi vs Mohamed Kashinde - Super-featherweight Bader Samreen vs Dennis Bartos - Lightweight Jamie King vs Naveen Verma - Cruiserweight Khalid Ayub vs Annem Sivareddy - Light-heavyweight  Queensbury Promotions, London David Avanesyan vs Oskari Metz - European welterweight title Dennis McCann vs Charles Tondo - Bantamweight Louie Lynn vs James Beech Jr - Featherweight Hamzah Sheeraz vs Jez Smith - Middleweight Mark Chamberlain vs Jeff Ofori - Lightweight Sam Noakes vs Vincenzo Finiello - Lightweight Henry Turner vs Ivan Njegac - Super lightweight Masood Abdulah vs Sandeep Singh Bhatti - Super featherweight Sonny Ali vs Des Newton - Super lightweight Khalid Ali vs TBA - Welterweight Royston Barney-Smith vs Adan Martinez - Super featherweight Hall versus Thor is due to get underway around 9pm UK time. It won't be available to watch on television but you can tune in through the streaming service Segi TV. Meanwhile, Sunny Edwards and the full Probellum card will be shown on Eurosport in the UK with the main event expected to get underway around 6pm. Finally, Avanesyan will be shown live on BT Sport 3 with the main event scheduled for around 10:30pm.