Below Deck Sailing Yacht season three has already shown viewers the amount of drama that ensued whilst the Parsifal III went on its charters with the crew. The newest member to make an impression with audiences was deckhand Tom Pearson who joined at the beginning of season three and made himself known very quickly. Tom opened up about working on the ship and how well he got on with his new team members. Onboard the ship that is Captain Glenn Shephard, who lets the team run circles around him and his boat, but has a stern attitude when he needs to. Forming the team is Marcos Spaziani, Daisy Kelliher, Colin MacRae, Gary King, Gabriela Barragan, Ashely Marti, Kelsie Goglia, and of course, Tom. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tom revealed: "It feels great, it's a new experience, and it's not something that I've done before. "New team kicking straight off is a bit nerve-wracking because obviously, you know, we don't know each other, we don't know how to do the work. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role "But you know, with the show, you learn pretty quickly, but it feels great, it was a really good start. "We got to know each other really quick after the first night, and yeah, I think we hit the ground running." This was Tom's first time working on a sailing yacht and revealed the differences and challenges he faced during his first charter. "I didn't know anything," he began. "I still don't know anything about sailing, I mean, it was a bit weird, and with the show, you're expected to just jump straight into this thing "So people are sort of ordering me around going, you know 'Go get this, go do that', [and] I have no one idea what I was talking about because all the terms of slang are different. "I'm not used to the whole sailing thing, so it's a little bit overwhelming at the beginning, but it's definitely a new experience and still now got so much to learn." On Monday night's episode, Tom ended up kissing his crewmate Ashley after she had previously ruled out a relationship with him. After they enjoyed some time in the hot tub, the pair split off from the rest of the crew and sat together near the end of the boat. DON'T MISS...Below Deck's Tom Pearson shares 'juicy bits' of new series [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht star shares behind the scenes  [LATEST]Below Deck’s Erica Rose defends Gary King against ‘two-faced’ Daisy [WATCH] 1581267 Ashley asked Tom: "We're gonna take another cutesy little photo! Open your legs!" To which Tom replied, stunned: "Open my legs! Oh god, this has taken a turn, let me do my hair first, wait, I'm not ready!" Speaking to the camera, he said: "I squashed the idea of getting with Ashley, it wasn't in my head whatsoever, you ever heard of the tortoise and the hare? "Yeah, I am living proof that the tortoise won the race!" Encouraging the pair, Gabriela told Ashley: "Please go and kiss him!" to which the camera cut to the pair getting intimate with one another on the day bed. Gabriela can be heard shouting in the background: "Yes, queens! You guys are so hot, I feel like a weird photographer now!" as she continued to take photos of them. Ashley then asked Tom: "Do you want to go own the cabins?" to which Tom agreed too without hesitation. The episode ended with the pair walking into one of the guest cabins and Tom shutting the door behind them, which viewers will find out what happened in the next episode. Below Deck is available to stream on Bravo and hayu with new episodes airing on Tuesday.