Paloma Faith was one of the many stars who came out to support the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and help raise as much money for the people who have been affected by the ongoing war. During her performance, she came out with a bright red pixie cut and a large gown that had large black inkblot patterns over it. Viewers were eager to hear her sing but took to social media to express how distracted they were by her outfit choice. ITV's Concert for Ukraine was a two-hour long special in which they aimed to bring together musical names from across the world for a unique evening. The evening was in aid of the ongoing war between Ukraine and Russia and to raise money for the people who have lost their homes and had to flee the country. The all-star concert featured artists including Ed Sheeran, Camila Cabello, Emeli Sande, Tom O'Dell, Snow Patrol, Manic Street Preachers, Gregory Porter and Paloma Faith. It was hosted by radio presenters Roman Kemp, Marvin Humes and former Spice Girl Emma Bunton. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Paloma Faith was one of the last of the big-name musicians to take to the stage and sang her hit Only Love Can Hurt Like This. However viewers of the show were thrown off by her appearance and took to Twitter to share their opinions with others. Kelly'Ann Parker commented: "Paloma Faith is giving some serious Cruella de Vil vibes with that look tonight!" Nadine added: "Paloma is giving Wilma or Cruella #ConcertForUkraine." Taylor Holmes said: "Paloma Faith is serving Cruella realness #ConcertForUkraine." User @BakingwElliot quipped: "Paloma Faith is serving Cruella X Sharon Osborne vibes ngl #ConcertFor Ukraine." However, not everybody was judgemental of her outfit choice, and Chloe Ross praised: "Paloma looks incredible! Her hair is stunning!" @JamesJJJamie exclaimed: "I love Paloma and her bold statements! Bold hair, bold dress, bold song for a BOLD CONCERT! GO GIRL!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Manic Street Preachers praised for powerful Ukraine message [WATCH]UK deploys 'submarine hunter' aircraft as Putin ramps up sea warfare [LATEST]Ukrainian tennis pro gives heartbreaking update with 'nowhere to go' [INSIGHT] All money that was donated by viewers is going directly to the Disasters Emergency Committee's (DEC) Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal, which is helping the millions of people who are being forced to leave their lives in Ukraine and flee to other countries. ITV are also donating all the advertising revenue from the broadcast to the DEC appeal. Before the concert began, many of the performers shared their privilege to be involved in the concert, with Ed Sheeran revealing he was "proud to be playing". Emeli Sande wrote on her Instagram: "I will be singing to try to help every human being forced to flee their home and in solidarity with those being racially discriminated against even within this humanitarian crisis. "Nobody should be refused access to relief, aid and the right to cross the border to safety, and I’m pleased for the chance to support the DEC’s appeal to help all people whose lives have been affected by the conflict." Gregory Porter also shared he was "thankful to be able to raise my voice in the chorus of peace". Eurovision Song Contest winner Jamala also joined the line-up of musicians to perform at the concert and stunned the audience with her powerful performance. As she came to the end of her song, she held the Ukrainian flag high and delivered a message of support to her home country. Concert for Ukraine is available to watch on ITV Hub.