The star has two sides to him. One side is more like his character Deadpool–the calmer, more charming, and witty Reynolds we might see on American prime time interviews. The public doesn't really get to see Reynold's other side. However, the star recently opened up about this side in a new interview with CBS’ Sunday Morning show.   He said: “I’ve had anxiety my whole life.” “And you know, I feel like I have two parts of my personality, that one takes over when that happens." Reynolds revealed that when he’s preparing for big interviews, he gets overwhelmingly nervous. Talking about his experience going on the David Letterman show in 2015, he said was worried his nerves might get to him and he’ll be a “symphony of vomit". READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling 'at night' that could be an indication of high blood sugar levels  He said: “I remember I’d be standing backstage before the curtain would open, and I would think to myself, ‘I’m gonna die. I’m literally gonna die here. The curtain’s gonna open and I’m just gonna be, I’m just gonna be a symphony of vomit,’ just, like, something horrible’s gonna happen!” Anxiety is a normal part of life that we all experience. It becomes a health concern when the thoughts and feelings of unease, worry or fear are persistent. In the long term, anxiety disorder, which is often characterised by palpitations, chest pain and rapid heart rate, can increase the risk of high blood pressure and heart disease meaning it’s not something to take lightly. In previous interviews, Reynolds opened up about his usual symptoms.   He told the Wall Street Journal magazine: “I fixate on things. "That’s sort of the engine of anxiety. I lay awake at night, wrapping and unwrapping every possible scenario.” There are a multitude of factors that cause anxiety, including environmental and psychological factors. Medical literature often distinguishes between two types of anxiety, “state” and “trait” anxiety. “Trait” anxiety relates to anxiety which may be predisposed by factors like personality and genetics whereas “state” anxiety is brought about by something happening to the person–such as trauma.  There are several ways to treat the condition, including meditation apps which have risen in popularity since the pandemic. This is what Reynolds uses to stay on top of his anxiety. “You want to tick boxes sometimes. So these days, my goal is to be as present as I can and not just tick a box just to do it. I’m fully embracing and living that right now. It’s been amazing,” he said. According to Mayo Clinic, meditation can help to create a “deep state” of relaxation and calmness.  It said: “During meditation, you focus your attention and eliminate the stream of jumbled thoughts that may be crowding your mind and causing stress. “This process may result in enhanced physical and emotional well-being. “When you meditate, you may clear away the information overload that builds up every day and contributes to your stress.” The NHS may also refer you for therapy, however, you do not need a referral to use the NHS psychological therapies service. If you would like to find your nearest NHS psychological therapies service, the health body lets you search for a location on their website: Psychological Therapies Service finder. 