Chelsea star Timo Werner has hit out at Thomas Tuchel over the Blues boss' tactics. Werner has struggled since arriving at Stamford Bridge ahead of last season and has scored just seven goals in 28 appearances in all competitions this term. Despite those problems since he became a Premier League player, Werner has continued to be called up for the Germany national team. And in stark contrast to his troubles with scoring for the Blues, Werner has been a nightmare for opposition defences when playing for Die Mannschaft. The 26-year-old has scored six goals in six games during the 2021/2022 campaign for Germany in friendlies and World Cup qualifying. His latest strike came in a 2-0 win over Israel on Saturday, when he turned in a free-kick at the near-post in first-half injury time. He had once again started up front, leading the line in a 4-2-3-1, which has become Germany's preferred formation under Hansi Flick. That is in contrast to his selections under Tuchel at Chelsea, with the German preferring to deploy Werner behind Romelu Lukaku. READ MORE: Chelsea have new ownership hope as four bidders given second round But that is a decision that Werner has now questioned, amid his stunning form for his country. He highlighted the difference in tactics between Tuchel and Flick, stating his preference to play under the latter's style of football. "I'm a striker and always want to score. Things aren't going the way I'd like at Chelsea, so it's all the better that things are going well here under Hansi Flick," Werner said following Germany's win on Saturday night. DON'T MISS: Chelsea's Conor Gallagher stance may help Tottenham offload midfielder (INSIGHT)Chelsea takeover bidders told 'two conditions' they'll have to meet (NEWS)Chelsea have Granovskaia headache as Tuchel's transfers 'put on hold' (TRANSFERS) "I really enjoy playing football, no matter where I'm playing. There are differences in the style of play between football at Chelsea and here. Maybe the one at the national team suits me better. Here, I always have scoring chances, I can score goals. I feel very comfortable here." Werner will get another chance to impress and show Tuchel he is deploying him in the wrong way on Tuesday. Flick will take his side to face the Netherlands away from home, before Werner returns to Chelsea ahead of their trip to Brentford on Saturday.