BBC Weather forecaster Matt Taylor predicted rising temperatures this weekend across parts of the UK. Mr Taylor also predicted patches of sunshine and blue skies, as temperatures sit between sixteen and seventeen degrees. West Scotalnd will be the warmest,  and in the North-Sea temperatures will be a little cooler as Mr Mtaylor predicted them to sit between seven and eight. The Met Office has issued one yellow weather warning for fog in the South West of the UK. Mr Taylor: "So what's keeping people dry? Well, it's this area of high pressure, a huge one across much of Europe. "But we're on the edge of it, so you start to get more of a breeze blowing into Saturday. "But we've still got the sunshine to look forward to on Saturday, but it will be turning windier and that will have an impact on how the day feels for some. "So this is how it plays out, the mist and fog across Eastern parts of England will clear. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day Mr Taylor added: "And then Saturday, another day of blue skies. "But some rather chilly sea temperatures out there, in the North Sea and around seven or eight degrees. "With more of a breeze coming in from the East and it takes some of that cold air into Eastern coastal counties of Scotland and England. "So here it will feel quite a bit cooler than it will do today. READ MORE: Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger - ‘bad for business’ Mr Taylor added: "In the West, we'll shelter from that breeze. "The highest of temperatures into the mid-teens, and the warmest of all is the far West of Scotland, with sixteen to seventeen celsius possible during Saturday afternoon. "Now with a breeze in place, it isn't going to be too chilly to take us into Sunday, but it will be a colder day because of the wind. "We don't have the frost but, the wind is still going to make it feel rather chilly. DON’T MISS: Oil price surges to almost $100 per barrel as Boris returns empty handed from Saudi "Mr Taylor said: "It's going to bring out a bit more cloud so the difference with Saturday is a bit more cloud across these Eastern areas. "And in East Anglia and the South East, there's an increasing chance of one or two showers developing later in the day. "Notice the temperature in Norwich just nine degrees, and even in the West where you have shelter from that breeze, temperatures down on what we've seen on Saturday. "Those showers will start to make their way Northwards across Eastern parts as we go through into Sunday night but they'll clear into Monday and then into next week we're back to sunshine for many." 