Kate Middleton, 40, looks sensational in a jacket she has owned for nearly two decades. The Duchess of Cambridge is preparing to leave Belize and head to Jamaica with her husband Prince William, 39. The royal is donning her red Yves Saint Laurent jacket she bought while at university according to the Daily Express Royal Correspondent, Richard Palmer.   Royal fans were amazed by this news and took to social media to praise Kate's outfit. Twitter user @loveforcambridg wrote: "Wow at university? Amazing." Another royal fan, @cadimamartins said: "HRH Catherine is very elegant." Kate paired her red belted jacket with a stunning pair of white trousers from Alexander McQueen. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's sleek hair causes mixed reactions - 'it's too harsh!'  They are the flared crepe tailored trousers that cost an outstanding £590. She is also wearing her £110 gold bracelet from Halcyon Days, which was a present from her husband a few years ago. The Duchess wore a pair of large shiny gold stud earrings to match the bracelet. To match her trousers, Kate accessorised with a cute little white handbag from Mulberry.  Kate is wearing her Aquazzura Cece 105 pump shoes, which are white stilettos with beautiful gold detailing. Royal fans spoke vocally about Kate's stunning £605 white stilettos. Twitter user @stilljlmb wrote: "Very sassy shoes!" Another royal fan @CamillaWindsor_ simply said: "So chic."  Social media user @cadimamartins added: "Gorgeous HRH Catherine. "William is a proud husband." Similarly, royal watcher @OliveOSaumon commented saying: "I love the outfit!" The royal couple left Belize by helicopter as they are preparing to arrive in Jamaica later on today.  Kate and William also revealed today that they went diving on Sunday in Belize at the South Water Caye, releasing images previously unseen onto their social media platforms. For this, Kate wore a wetsuit from O'Neill's Reactor range that costs £64.95. The couple are heading to Jamaica where they will spend the next few days of their tour. The tour will finish in the Bahamas.