Covid vaccines offer many benefits, ranging from lower risk of catching the virus to preventing serious disease and death. However, as with the first two shots, the immunity from the jab isn’t everlasting. UK’s health authorities are currently looking into rolling out a booster for certain age groups from next week. Speaking on Lorraine, Dr Hilary said: “Immunity starts to wane after five to six months of the previous boosters. “It’s likely that on Monday people will be able to book a second booster.” This top-up would become available for those who are over 75 years old, living in a care home or “clinically vulnerable”. “And then later on, maybe in autumn, the rest of us - probably over 50s certainly, possibly younger people - will be able to book their next jab to boost the waning immunity that will inevitably happen otherwise,” the TV doctor added. READ MORE: Covid vaccine: Woman dies from ‘sudden and catastrophic’ side effect - warning signs The news about second booster availability comes four weeks after the Government started easing the coronavirus rules. As a part of a three-stage plan to scrap all restrictions, one of the rules that the officials have ended on 24 February was the self-isolation of positive patients. Dr Hilary said: “We will wait and see what happens with these variants and what happens with immunity and the number of cases. “But we’re seeing a spike in cases - 90,000 yesterday - which is the highest that it has been for some considerable time. “That will result in more hospitalisations and mortality as well,” warned the expert. The exact figure shows that 91,345 Britons tested positive for Covid over the past 24 hours, according to the Government data. Latest hospital admission figures report there were 1,541 admissions on 12 March. This represents a 29 percent rise compared to the previous week. However, some patients in hospital could be so called “incidental” cases. This describes those who test positive after being admitted for another reason. For instance, someone might have come to the hospital with a broken bone and only once tested at the premises, they learn they have the virus. When it comes to mortality, the data reports further 153 Covid deaths today. The Health Secretary Sajid Javid has shared that spikes in cases were to be “expected” in the light of easing the restrictions. He added that there’s “nothing in the data at this point in time that gives us any cause for concern”. The next sets of changes are set to come on 24 March and 1 April. The latter date marks the end of free universal symptomatic and asymptomatic testing for the general public in England.