Sergei Markov, a former spokesman for Vladimir Putin has shocked LBC host Nick Ferrari with his predictions for the future of Ukraine. Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine last week with the conflict now entering its eight-day of fierce fighting. Mr Markov was asked: "How do you see this war ending?" In response, he told LBC: "This war will end after Russia liberates Ukrainian territory from neo-Nazi repressive regime. "And will make denazification of Ukraine and a new government will be formed." Mr Ferrari was visibly stunned by the response and let out a sigh. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  Russia calls its actions in Ukraine a "special operation" that it says is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its southern neighbour's military capabilities and capture what it regards as dangerous nationalists. The Kremlin on Thursday praised Russian troops fighting in Ukraine as heroes who would go down in history and described the deaths of soldiers there as a tragedy. "Of course, this is a great tragedy for all of us. "At the same time, we all admire the heroism of our military," he said. Meanwhile, the number of refugees who have fled Ukraine rose the more than 1 million, the United Nations said on Thursday Hundreds of Russian soldiers and Ukrainian civilians have been killed, and Russia itself has been plunged into isolation never before experienced by an economy of such size. Despite an initial battle plan that Western countries said was aimed at swiftly toppling the Kyiv government, Russia has captured only one Ukrainian city so far - the southern Dnipro River port of Kherson, which its tanks entered on Wednesday. "The main body of the large Russian column advancing on Kyiv remains over 30 km (19 miles) from the centre of the city having been delayed by staunch Ukrainian resistance, mechanical breakdown and congestion," Britain's defence ministry said in an intelligence update. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] Having failed to capture major Ukrainian cities, Russia has shifted tactics in recent days, escalating its bombardment of them. Swathes of central Kharkiv, a city of 1.5 million people, have been blasted into rubble. Mariupol, the main port of eastern Ukraine, has been surrounded under heavy bombardment, with no water or power. "In just seven days, one million people have fled Ukraine, uprooted by this senseless war. "I have worked in refugee emergencies for almost 40 years, and rarely have I seen an exodus as rapid as this one," said Filippo Grandi, the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.