Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway has taken to Instagram to post a touching tribute to her father after spending some quality time with him today. The Life Stories host, 54, sung her dad's praises as she revealed that he had been generously helping her out with some gardening in return for some of her homemade apple crumble. In view of her 1.1 million followers, the TV star gushed over her dad as she thanked him for helping out at her home. Kate wrote: "Everyone sings for their supper in my house! "Thanks to my Dad's wonderful energy at 87 (I get my gardening passion from him) & a surprisingly capacious Peugeot 3008 boot we are cracking on with some spring planting today. (sic) "It’s amazing what he’ll do for one of my apple crumbles!?!!" she ended her post. READ MORE: BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital The sweet picture showed Kate and her father unloading plants from a car while the ITV star sat in the boot, grinning up at her dad. Following the post, fans of the ITV star rushed to the comments to weigh in on the touching tribute. Kate's ITV colleague, Loose Women presenter Denise Welch, commented in disbelief at Kate's father's age. She wrote: "87????" followed by a series of heart emojis. Instagram user gaynorw penned: "He looks amazing go kates dad." Social media user karenmcottam added: "Enjoy Dad and daughter time Kate!..so precious xx" While clipboardclaire wrote: "Awww how lovely! "Love your ‘realness’ in life Kate! Big hugs and support to you and the family and of course Derek," she added alongside a red heart. DON'T MISS... Stephen Mulhern in health update amid Saturday Night Takeaway absence [UPDATE]Martin Roberts shares update as he heads to Ukraine border in his van [INSIGHT]J.K. Rowling slams Keir Starmer as 'unable to defend women's rights' [ABSENCE] Kate has been spending lots of quality time with her family lately as she took to Instagram to celebrate her daughter's 16th birthday. Sharing a snap two days ago, Kate gushed over daughter Darcey turning 16 as she documented a birthday trip out to the West End. Snapping a selfie, the GMB host revealed that she had treated her daughter to a night at the musical Dirty Dancing in London to celebrate her big day. Kate wrote: "Well what a way to celebrate your 16th birthday Eve!! "@ddonstage is THE best fun & we are both in love with Johnny. "And yes Darcey has already told me no one puts her in a corner! "Just what the doctor ordered after a tough week," she ended, before imploring her fans not to miss the show. It comes as Kate continues to care for husband Derek in his recovery from long Covid having contracted the illness two years ago, leaving him in a medically-induced coma and with long-term damage to his lungs and heart.