The Education Secretary appeared on the programme as the Government is launching its education recovery plan to try and raise standards of Maths and English this week. Nugent probed Zahawi about children missing huge amounts of schooling during the coronavirus pandemic, with a reported 200,000 children off school with the virus at present. However, many BBC Breakfast viewers called for her "be tougher" on the minister. Nugent began: "How will your white paper help those children?" Zahawi said the Government has decided to launch a national register of where children are. "Some parents do brilliant work with homeschooling, I have them in my constituency and I have seen firsthand that works, but some children are missing from education and that is why the national register is so important," he stressed. "The best thing for children and the greatest determinant of outcome for children is a great teacher in the classroom."   READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn  The minister explained he wants teachers to discuss with parents "where the gaps are" in English and maths. "We are investing £5billion in recovery, we have done a million blocks of tutoring and we want to do two million in this academic year and six million by the end of this parliament," he added. He went on to claim two-thirds of children who complete primary school can read and write and do maths. "We are raising that target to 90 percent," Zahawi explained to Nugent who continued to listen.    Nugent interjected to tell the minister focusing on maths and English "does not serve" every child and probed him on how he would help children who are better at other subjects. She went on to ask how much his plans were going to cost and whether the budget for schools would be going up to which he replied: "It is, so I secured £7billion uplifts. "So by 2024/25 the budget for schools will be £56billion, much of that, by the way, is frontloaded, so about £4billion is frontloaded to this year and next year." Nugent tried to interject to challenge the minister on the topic, but he continued to speak over her to make his points for the duration of the interview.  DON'T MISS...Steph McGovern says leaving the BBC was her ‘best financial decision’ [LATEST]Jo Whiley shuts down BBC reporter after Taylor Hawkins drug use probe [MUST SEE]BBC Breakfast's Victoria Fritz jokes with reporter 'I know your game' [UPDATE] Many viewers lashed out on Twitter over the interview, with Nicola fuming: "Just switched #BBCBreakfast off, can't bear to hear Zahawi boast about education spending anymore when our school is financially on its knees along with still reeling from the pandemic. Total gaslighting as usual!" Dawn Owen sarcastically added: "Really held him to account there Sally #BBCBreakfast." Hugh Edwards remarked: "This is the second day in a row that the BBC have allowed Zahawi to waffle on almost without interruption. "Sally, please don’t say okay, it’s really not okay. You need to be far tougher with this Grade A b********r."  Stephen Greenwood said: "#BBCBreakfast #Sally, come on, Zahawi is walking all over you." Despite the backlash towards Nugent, other BBC viewers commented on how much the minister's responses with Paul Johnson quipping: "New plan talk very loud and fast. #BBCBreakfast" @Doddsy stated: "Good grief. Nadhim Zahawi spews a lot of words but says very little. I have no clue what the government proposals are and I doubt he does either. Children, teachers, parents, everyone in #education deserve so much better." BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One. 