Red Bull concerns have been raised over another mechanical failure after issues plagued their sister team. The Alpha Tauri pair of Pierre Gasly and Yuki Tsunoda have both suffered reliability problems across practice sessions in Jeddah. Tsunoda pulled up in the last few minutes of the session after suffering an apparent engine failure. The issue appears similar to Gasly’s retirement at the end of the Bahrain Grand Prix. Gasly suffered his own Saudi Arabian nightmare this morning as his car came to a stop at pit exit. The Frenchman has reported driveshaft issues with his car before pushing it back to the garage. AlphaTauri confirmed on Twitter the team would “investigate” the car. READ MORE: Verstappen and Perez not on same page over Saudi Arabian GP attack The double mechanical issues will cause a headache for Red Bull who are running the same powertrains as the AlphaTauri's Speaking after the session yesterday, Tsunoda said: “Until the last few moments in FP2, the car had felt okay today. “There are still lots of things to work on at the moment, but we’ve been able to gather a lot of crucial data across both cars, which is still hugely important so that we can learn more about them and find a clearer direction to go with this car. Hopefully we can understand the issue we’ve had tonight and get it fixed for tomorrow’s FP3, so we can then put it all together when it comes to quali.” Just yesterday Max Verstappen attacked this Red Bull team in the pre-race press conference. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen on what would make him quit F1: 'I'd stop' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen makes honest Ferrari comment and makes Red Bull demand [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen's Red Bull issued warning ahead of weekend [ANALYSIS] He said mechanical issues which plagued him last week “shouldn’t happen”. However, Red Bull claim they have solved the problem ahead of this weekend’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. They said: “We've taken the necessary steps to correct this issue and we expect no problems this weekend." The team also broke curfew rules on Wednesday to spend more time working on the car. However, Sky Sports F1 pundit Paul di Resta warned it would be hard for Red Bull to “replicate the issues” to find a fix. He said: “The only bit I think [Verstappen] will be nervous about this weekend is honestly probably the last four or five laps of this Grand Prix to see if they’ve got a fix. I don’t see how you replicate the issues that they’ve had. “They’ve got all the way through winter testing, through qualifying with this fuel issue not even showing anything. If you’re leading the Grand Prix it's going to be at the back of your mind for a long time.”