The Repair Shop has been airing on Wednesday evenings on BBC One, with Jay Blades and the team welcoming different guests each week. The heartwarming TV series offers some escapism for fans as they enjoy watching the experts work their magic. Sadly the show will not be airing in its 8pm slot tonight and here's why. The Repair Shop has been taking the early afternoon slots at 3.45pm and viewers were thrilled to see new episodes on their screens. Yet the episode fans wait for is the Wednesday evening instalment. The much-loved experts never fail to bring smiles back to their guests' faces. Many fans consider the series the highlight of their week, but there is a schedule shake-up tonight. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role At 8pm, BBC One will be airing a new series of MasterChef, which is why The Repair Shop will not be airing. John Torode and Gregg Wallace kick off this year's competition with an audition round. In the opening episode, the first nine cooks serve up a signature dish to prove themselves worthy of a place in the cooking contest. The series will then air on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays as the chefs battle their way through each round. With this in mind, The Repair Shop will not be airing for a while. Next week, MasterChef will once again take the 8pm slot on Wednesday. The last time fans saw Jay Blades and the team was during the French & Saunders sketch for Comic Relief. Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders were very excited to meet the experts. Fans were left howling as the pair brought a toaster in as their beloved family heirloom. Jay took to Instagram to explain a new series is underway now. DON'T MISS...Brenton West wife: Is The Repair Shop star married? [INSIGHT] Rachael South age: How old is The Repair Shop expert Rachael South? [EXPLAINER] The Repair Shop's Jay Blades taken aback after meeting Judi Dench [INSIGHT] In an Instagram story video he said: "How are we doing guys? Just keeping you posted. "Look at that. [We've] come here to do some filming today. "Very busy behind those two doors. You guys will be seeing some of it later on in the year I think." He showed off the famous Repair Shop barn, at the Weald and Downland Living Museum in Chichester. The series will continue to air at 3.45pm on Wednesdays. But 8pm episodes will not return to BBC One for some time. An official release date for the show's evening return is yet to be announced. The show first started airing in 2017 and a total of nine seasons have aired so far. If Jay is right, fans should not have to wait long for the factual series to return.  The Repair Shop is available to watch via BBC iPlayer.