Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, have not made any clear indications on whether they will be returning to the UK to celebrate the Queen's 70 years of public service. But the royal correspondent for the Daily Express Richard Palmer has claimed it is unlikely the public will see them. Asked if they are set to return, Mr Palmer told the Daily Express' Royal Roundup: "I don't think so. It's just a guess." Presenter Pandora Forsyth added: "Also, it's one of those cases where I'm sure if she did turn up people might say it is slightly overshadowing the situation because she's not been in the UK for a very long time now." Mr Palmer continued: "This is the thing with Andrew. I think Andrew will probably go to the memorial service for his father and I think probably to St Paul's Cathedral because the wider Royal Family will be there. "I'm sure that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be invited to that, whether they will come will partly depend on whether the security situation is resolved because Harry has been complaining about that. "I'm just not sure we will see Meghan back here." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG It comes as the Duke of Sussex, who moved to the US in March 2020, has filed a claim for a judicial review against a Home Office decision not to allow him to personally pay for police protection for himself and his family while in the UK. Harry wants to bring his son Archie and baby daughter Lilibet to visit from the US, but he and his family are "unable to return to his home" because it is too dangerous, a legal representative said. It follows an incident in London in the summer of 2021 when his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The duke wants to fund the security himself, rather than ask taxpayers to foot the bill, a legal representative for Harry said. WATCH THE FIRST EPISODE OF THE DAILY EXPRESS' ROYAL ROUNDUP IN FULL HERE Harry is arguing his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep the Sussex family safe. The legal representative for the duke said in a statement: "The UK will always be Prince Harry's home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in. "With the lack of police protection, comes too great a personal risk." The representative added: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry warned of decline in mega deals - claim [INSIGHT]Queen health update: Monarch will not be seen 'much' during Jubilee [ANALYSIS]Princess Beatrice and Eugenie forced to flee Balmoral with Fergie [VIDEO] "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home." Lilibet, who is now seven months, has yet to meet her great-grandmother the Queen, grandfather the Prince of Wales and other members of the family face to face. The duke briefly returned from LA last year for the July 1 unveiling of the Diana, Princess of Wales memorial statue, and, the day before, on June 30, he met seriously ill children and young people at a WellChild garden party and afternoon tea in Kew Gardens, west London. It is understood the duke's car was chased by photographers as he left. Harry's mother Diana died in a car crash after she was chased by the paparazzi in Paris.