F1 boss Stefano Domenicali confirmed this week that the sports’ calendar could be expanded to as many 30 races a season. The sport's increasing popularity has led to a belief within F1 that more races could be held in different parts of the world. Las Vegas has been widely tipped as a potential future host city and the F1 CEO has confirmed that a visit to Nevada could well be on the cards. He told Sky Sports this week: “I think there is potential to go to 24. I would say there is potential to go to 30! In terms of the interest we see all around the world. “It is up to us to try to find the right balance considering what are the venues which would like to be in F1, what are the historical values we need to see on the calendar. “We need to be balanced, we need to see what are the other opportunities. And very soon we are going to tell everyone what is our strategy to develop that market. “Not only Las Vegas, there are other cities that are interested in Formula 1. On top of America, on top of China, I think there is a potential also to be in Africa soon. There is a lot of interest there. "For sure that’s another area that so far is missing in the geography of our calendar.” This isn't the first time F1 has planned an ambitious new calendar. In 2010, then chief executive of F1 Bernie Ecclestone admitted he wanted to hold a race just 15 minutes from the centre of New York city. He said at the time that the likely venue for the race would be on the other side of the Hudson River in New Jersey. Ecclestone said: "I'm trying for 2012, opposite Manhattan in New Jersey with skyscrapers in the background. "Fifteen minutes from the centre of New York to the circuit. [It would be] a wonder." In August 2011, The Wall Street Journal reported on a proposal for a street circuit in Weehawken and West New York, New Jersey, putting forward 2013 as a potential start date. Two months later, in October, The Wall Street Journal further reported that the race would be going ahead in June 2013. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone in Vladimir Putin warning to F1 after cancellation Later that month, a revised proposal was put forward, tracing a street circuit that ran through Port Imperial, climbing the Hudson Palisades to Boulevard East before descending the Palisades to rejoin Port Imperial Boulevard. In October 2011, it was officially confirmed that New Jersey would host the Grand Prix of America from 2013 onwards. In 2012, the future of the new circuit was cast into doubt when Ecclestone announced that the contract for the race had been declared invalid. The race had to be cancelled in 2014 due to funding issues. After funders dropped out, Ecclestone said that he was not willing to put the race on an F1 calendar until 2016, and this was the last mention of a race in New York. The US has been host to numerous grand prixes over the years, with some tracks proving more successful than others. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton retirement: F1 insiders dismiss Bernie Ecclestone claim [INSIGHT] Bernie Ecclestone hits out at Formula One with loss of Kimi Raikkonen [ANALYSIS] Verstappen must heed Hamilton warning as Brit to prove Bernie wrong [INSIGHT] In recent years, F1 has travelled to Austin at the Circuit Of The Americas. A 30 race season could provide a wide variety of tracks, and Lewis Hamilton has already stated which circuit he would like to see added. In October last year, he backed Kyalami – the South African track – to return to F1. He said: "The place that I really feel is dear to my heart and most important for me is to get a race back in South Africa. "I think there is a great following out there and I think it would be great to be able to highlight just how beautiful the motherland is."