Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak announces his Budget today, with all the details of his financial plans. The state pension could rise by 7 percent in 2023 as the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions promised to bring back the triple lock. Therese Coffey said she will keep a pledge to base April 2023’s state pension rise on average wages, 2.5 percent, or this September’s CPI inflation figure – whichever is highest. Because the Government announced last year that the triple lock will be suspended for the next financial year, the state pension is set to increase by 3.1 percent, in line with September's inflation figure. However, with inflation expected to hit 7 percent later this year, those on the state pension will endure a real-terms cut to their income. The triple lock suspension coinciding with rising inflation could see state pension recipients £1000 in the red, according to Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings, Interactive Investor. She said this week: “How are pensioners going to survive? They can’t magic money out of thin air. Millions are dependent on the state pension alone in retirement, at a time when the Government’s commitment to state pension provision as it stands appears to be less reliable. "Many are in poor health. They can’t go out and ‘side hustle’ their way out of the cost of living crisis. They are stuck. “The Government suspended the triple lock for one year to account for the anomaly in earnings data brought about by the pandemic. "However, the extent of the difficulty faced by pensioners dealing with high inflation since then now means that decision risks throwing millions of pensioners into poverty. Some could be forced to rely on debt. “Extra help as a temporary measure to cover essentials in advance of the full reinstatement of the triple lock later this year could help prevent many suffering in the face of spiralling costs. It is vital that the Government reinstates the triple lock, as promised.” Interactive Investor has estimated that a retired person dependent on the new state pension could be an estimated £893 short of what they need to cover the average rise in the cost of food, energy and fuel alone this year, while those on the basic state pension could be £971 short. They highlight that the increase for those receiving a full new state pension from £179.60 a week to £185.15 a week over a year equates to a rise from £9,339 to £9,628 – £289 a year more. For those receiving a full basic state pension, the rise from £137.60 a week to £141.85. is an increase from £7,155 to £7,376 – or an extra £211 a year. Energy bills are expected to increase further, with an average rise of £693. READ MORE: State Pension: The number of years you need to work to claim in full This is three times the basic state pension increase and 2.4 times the rise of the new state pension. Interactive Investor estimates that savers could be between £404 and £482 a year short of what they need to meet their energy costs. Food bill rises are expected to average at around £180 this year, and petrol costs could rise by £2.50 a litre. Interactive Investor calculated that, in total, these essential living costs could result in added bills worth £1,182 over the next year. They also estimate that had the state pension increased by 8.8 percent – in line with average earnings – pensioners would still have been left short, but by £361 on the full state pension and £553 on the basic state pension. Another expert, Stuart Lewis of Rest Less, has warned that millions of pensioners could be at risk of poverty. DON'T MISS ‘Daylight robbery!’ Pensioners could lose £1,400 over next two years [INSIGHT] DWP benefit could boost pensioners’ income but 1 million missing out [ANALYSIS] State pension warning as sum may be affected by other pensions [INSIGHT] He told the Daily Record yesterday: "We are living longer lives than previous generations which means that many of us are now working for longer than we might have planned. "For some, working longer is a positive choice which reaps many physical, mental and social benefits. For others, the choice is denied as people find they must keep working to make ends meet. "With few ways of boosting earnings after retirement, miserly interest rates on savings and the cost of living surging, millions are at risk of suffering pensioner poverty. "Today, the whole concept of retirement is changing. The idea that retirement is a cliff-edge where you work five days a week for 40 or 50 years and then suddenly stop, 'cold turkey', is no longer accurate. "Instead, more and more people are viewing retirement as a transition to a new phase of life to be lived in a fulfilling and purposeful way."