The UK’s Capital Gains Tax bill rocketed by more than a third (35 percent) from £10.8billion to a record £14.6billion in the past year alone. Given the sharp rise in inflation, experts believe Chancellor Rishi Sunak will be under pressure to find extra funds. HM Revenue and Custom (HMRC) yield from Capital Gains Tax has almost doubled from the £8.1bn collected five years ago to the £14.6 billion it is today. Given the sharp rise in inflation, some commentators are concerned that Chancellor Rishi Sunak will be under pressure to repair the Government’s finances without targeting the most economically vulnerable in society. They believe the Chancellor might look to raise CGT rates, following a recommendation from the Office for Tax Simplification (OTS) in 2020. The OTS recommended that CGT rates increase in line with rates of Income Tax, as well as making inherited assets subject to both CGT and Inheritance Tax. READ MORE: IHT warning: Three reasons you shouldn't give your house to your kids Experts at Bowmore financial planning claim the record increase in the past 12 months has been driven by three major factors: DON'T MISS:Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [WARNING]State Pension to hit £10,600 a year - Sunak faces triple lock decision [ALERT]Millions eligible for £144 discount on their broadband bill [UPDATE]    Mark Incledon, chief executive of Bowmore Wealth Group, said: “These numbers show how the Government has already been targeting CGT for increased tax revenues over the last few years – in particular through a greater tax on entrepreneurs selling their businesses.” “The concern would be that the Government continues to use this route to fill its deficit.” The cut to Entrepreneurs’ Relief (now Business Asset Disposal Relief) in April 2020 led to many entrepreneurs selling their businesses to avoid a hefty capital gains tax bill. It also led to more individuals selling their assets that might attract even bigger CGT bills in the future, such as buy-to-let property.  Despite these concerns, taxpayers should seek professional advice before rushing to sell assets to avoid a rise in CGT. Many people don’t understand the full tax implications and could end up paying more tax than is necessary. An expert could also help them take advantage of any loopholes or tax free allowances. Asking for professional advice could definitely help them save money in the long run. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Before selling assets Britons could: • Make full use of a pension. Even if one plans to hold an investment for the short-term, consider buying that asset inside a pension wrapper to make any gains on sale CGT-free• Invest a gain from the sale of an asset into an EIS investment, deferring the CGT bill until that investment is sold• Sell all of an asset across more than one tax year and use each year’s £12,300 tax-free allowance.  