Piers Morgan, 56, has used his social media platforms to talk about the "depraved monster" Vladimir Putin, after Russia launched its attack on Ukraine last month. The former Good Morning Britain presenter took to Twitter today to allow an "exception" on today's cancel culture over the Russian leader's latest "deluded" comments. Putin launched a verbal attack on the West today for "discriminating against Russian culture". He compared the supposed discrimation to be like the ceremonial burning of books by Nazi supporters in the 1930s. As reported by AFP News Agency, Putin said: "Today they are trying to cancel a thousand-year old country. "I am talking about the progressive discrimination against everything connected with Russia." READ MORE: JK Rowling hits back as Putin likens her to Russia in bizarre rant Angered by this, Piers took to Twitter in view of his 7.9 million followers to respond. He penned: "FFS. I abhor cancel culture but I’ll make an exception for this deluded p***k." Having been "cancelled" in the past for his remarks directed towards Meghan Markle, many social media users took to the comments to respond to Piers' "cancel culture" remark. MPE_Writes said: "I bet Meghan is pleased that Piers has found someone else to hate because it brings him more attention." Drurquhart added: "He's cancelling his country's future all by himself! "But as he always does, he blames everyone else and denies all of his wrongdoings." Kavorka_curse commented: "We know it's dire when Piers is cancelling people." Piers came under fire for the remarks he made surrounding Meghan and Harry's Oprah interview last year, leading to him to quit Good Morning Britain. DON'T MISS... 'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles [HEALTH] Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini [PICTURES] Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo [COMMENT] Piers had said that he "didn’t believe a word" the Duchess said about struggling with suicidal thoughts and disputed her account of allegedly experiencing racism during her time as a senior royal. Following this, Piers received more than 54,000 viewers complaints to Ofcom, leading to an investigation. Ofcom cleared Piers in September last year, ruling that the host had been sharing his opinion and was entitled to do so. An Ofcom spokesman said: "This was a finely balanced decision. Mr Morgan’s comments were potentially harmful and offensive to viewers, and we recognise the strong public reaction to them. But we also took full account of freedom of expression. The statement continued: "Nonetheless, we've reminded ITV to take greater care around content discussing mental health and suicide in future. "ITV might consider the use of timely warnings or signposting of support services to ensure viewers are properly protected." Piers did not stop there however, as he has reportedly invited Meghan onto his new TalkTV show. He also regularly takes to Twitter to verbally attack the Duchess, calling her "Princess Pinocchio" yesterday. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.