Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko has taken a dig at new Mercedes race George Russell, as he believes his man Sergio Perez is a stronger and more established driver than the Englishman. Both Russell and Perez find themselves racing alongside Formula 1’s two starring drivers in Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes and Max Verstappen at Red Bull. Russell, however, has been backed to potentially make an outside charge for the title himself in 2022, after arriving from Williams as one of the sport’s hottest prospects. Marko however does not seem convinced, and he expects Red Bull’s Perez to play a bigger role alongside his title-chasing teammate, than Russell. He told RTL: “George Russell was sensational in some qualifying, but in the race he was only a few tenths ahead of Nicholas Latifi. JUST IN: Red Bull confirm new Max Verstappen contract as champ joins Lewis Hamilton on £40m a year  “Sergio Perez, on the other hand, is a great team-mate as well as an established driver. Verstappen? I expect him to be even stronger.” The F1 circuit found itself in Barcelona last week, as all 10 teams went through their first batch of testing ahead of the season opener in Bahrain later this month. And ahead of the usual suspects Mercedes and Red Bull, it was in fact Ferrari who caught the eye of many, including Marko. Following a trip to Catalunya the Austrian believes the Prancing Horse are the team leading the way at the moment. DON'T MISS He commented: “The first balance of the test in Barcelona was that Ferrari overtook Mercedes and Red Bull. “They are teams that have different technical concepts and in Bahrain the fine-tuning will be decisive. “In terms of engine power, it seems that Ferrari is now the best.” Despite admitting Ferrari have the upper hand, Marko added that the feedback from his Red Bull drivers was positive as they continue their preparation for the upcoming campaign. Speaking about his team’s performance in Spain, the advisor said: “Verstappen and Perez both they told us that ‘yes, it drives well. “We still have weaknesses, of course, but they seem solvable with relatively little effort. The first impression was very good.”