Below Deck Sailing Yacht returned for series three in February and has already seen some drama unfold just three episodes in. Tom Pearson joined the crew as the newest deckhand and sparked some interest after getting too drunk on his first night filming, which resulted in him being sick and going to bed early. However, Tom opened up about the drastic change in his life and how he coped with cameras following him around on a daily basis. Speaking to Express.co.uk in an exclusive interview, Tom revealed the cameras felt completely "normal" and he was his complete self throughout the filming process. Tom said: "I think, to be honest, I think a lot of people will feel like that, for me, it felt really natural, and everything you see is just me being myself like it is completely authentic. "That is Tom Pearson, and that is me in a nutshell, a lot of my friends back home, well everyone back home that's watching and knows me will tell you it's just great to see me being exactly myself I didn't change. "They said, 'This is how you are when you sat in my living room', but, yeah, I mean, you either thrive in the environment with cameras, or you don't. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one "You're either made for TV, or you're not made for it, and you won't get it, the camera won't grasp you, and your energy won't be there. "You're going to find out about a few people throughout all the season, or as you watch the show go on, you'll see who really takes to it and who sort of doesn't take too," he teased. Touching on what viewers have to look forward to for the rest of the series, Tom didn't have much to reveal. "I haven't watched it, so I mean, you guys get to see it as I see it, I get to see it as you guys see it, so I can't say if something won't happen because I don't know. "I'm pretty sure that you know, they're gonna put in all the juicy bits, I wouldn't worry about that, it's going to make good TV, isn't it, so they're definitely not going to miss out. "Everything that everyone has seen is as accurate and as good, they didn't miss a beat like, we got everything. "Obviously, I wish that they didn't play me sick in the bathroom, but guess what, they did. So there are lots of things that we wish didn't happen, but you know they put everything in." Tom made quite the impression when he first appeared on the series as viewers saw him at his very worst quite soon into the first episode. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer gives verdict on Dani's pregnancy [INSIGHT]Below Deck's Tom Pearson sets record straight on boozy night [LATEST]Below Deck Sailing's Daisy jibes at co-star's pregnancy announcement [WATCH] After the wild party that ensued from the night before, Tom was left a little red-faced when seeing his colleagues and new boss Captain Glenn Shephard. However, that didn't stop him from enjoying his first show on the boat and described his actions made him a "legend" and put him "on the map". He admitted: "I love the first episode, I wasn't embarrassed, start as you mean to go on, and I went to have a good time. "I mean, you know, just don't mix tequila, and you won't be sick, who hasn't had a few drunken nights where you haven't like thrown up or embarrassed yourself in front of work colleagues. "Everyone in the world has done it, they just didn't do it on national television, which only makes me a little bit more of a legend. "I thought like if anything it put me on the map, it just put me straight out there, people loved it so no complaints my end." Tom has previously worked on large scale boats but stepping onto Parsifal III was his first time sailing one. Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to stream on Bravo and hayu, with new episodes airing on Tuesday.