In a new interview, published yesterday, former President Donald Trump, 75, has asked Vladimir Putin to release any information he has on President Biden's business dealings in Russia. John Cleese, 82, has taken to Twitter to share his anger at those who still "support" him when a "huge tragedy is unfolding in Ukraine". John is known for his strong opinions on matters, and Trump has not avoided John's sight. In view of his 5.7 million followers he penned: "While a huge tragedy is unfolding in Ukraine, Donald Trump asks for a political favour from the war criminal orchestrating the tragedy. "And 30% of Americans still support him." However, John did not share where his statistics cited were from. Many social media users have taken to the posts comments to share their opinion on the matter. READ MORE: Janette Manrara breaks silence on husband Aljaz's Strictly farewell Mrkevstocks said: "Scarily it is probably more along the lines of 50 per cent." Minichewbacca added: "A quarter of the population will always believe their race, group, and personal interest outweigh the rest of the world. "Our job is carrying the majority upward on the path of evolution." KarMerCoy added: "Not me, I never supported. "I literally cried myself to sleep after the presidential election results were announced in November 2016." In reference, John is referring to the interview published yesterday where he asks Putin to release any information he has about the Biden family. In the interview with JustTheNews, Trump pushed an unproven claim that Biden had business dealings in Russia. Referring to the Hunter Biden dealings, he said: "I would think Putin would know the answer to that. DON'T MISS... 'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [OSCARS] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Rose Ayling-Ellis wows in figure-hugging gown at RTS Programme Awards [PICTURES] "I think he should release it. I think we should know that answer." It is true that Hunter Biden was paid for consulting work he did in foreign countries, including Ukraine and China, while his father, President Joe Biden was vice president. However, there is no evidence to support Trump's claims that the Bidens engaged in corruption or influenced US policy for personal gain. Similarly, Trump did similar to Hilary Clinton in 2016 when he said: "Russia, if you're listening." He then urged Putin to hack Hilary's personal emails, as part of his year-long effort to raise his political prospects with foreign help. The Trump campaign in 2016 also embraced and capitalised on Russia's election-meddling operation against Hilary. The clip of Trump asking Putin for help was published by a news website founded by John Solomon, a pro-Trump journalist whose previous coverage about the Bidens' ties to Ukraine has been discredited. He told CNN that the interview was taped on Monday.