The former Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley, 38, admitted she would check with her husband Tom Pitfield how she might look in a "straddle" position to make sure she didn't have a "cauliflower a**" on screen. The soap star made the admission where she opened up about her marriage. Speaking to The Hot Mess Mums Club podcast, Catherine gushed over her "incredible" other half. The actress, who played Eva Price on Corrie, said her partner is very supportive of her career. She said: "Tom is incredible. He is the most chilled out supportive guy because a lot of my relationships before Tom, well in fact all of them, ended because of my job. "They just didn't get it. Tom is so chilled." READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ She continued: "I remember the night before rehearsals for my sex scenes and I was like, 'so babe, if I straddle like this, does my bum look really bad - have we got cauliflower a**?' "Tom said, 'yeah, just angle it a bit like that.' So chilled." She went on: "And in the morning, we were in lockdown, we were filming these scenes, I was shaving my legs, and he went 'oh, bloody hell, I've not seen shaved legs since week one.' "I was like, 'sorry babe, it's got to be done.' So he's great. He's been there on set when I've had to snog other actors."  The on-screen star also said it was beneficial for Tom to see her looking passionate with other actors so he could see for himself that it was fake. She said: "I think that's good for them because Tom being on set can see how clinical it is - it's not remotely sexy." Catherine recently announced that she is expecting her second child with her photographer husband. The soap star said she and Tom, who share seven-year-old son Alfie, feel "utterly blessed". DON'T MISS... Lando Norris weighs in on F1 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix controversy[LATEST]Dan Walker reacts after colleague forced to pull out of show[TV]Denise Van Outen flashed Prince Charles and stole from Palace[ROYALS] The couple are expecting a baby girl, due in April. The Viewpoint actress admitted that the news is even more special after she struggled with a hormonal imbalance that caused her body to mimic the symptoms of pregnancy. During the early weeks of pregnancy, she feared that she might be perimenopausal, the transition towards menopause, instead of being pregnant after suffering from insomnia and feeling hot during the night. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant was diagnosed with the condition hyperemesis gravidarum - a common form of sickness pregnant women can experience. Announcing the news on her Instagram she wrote: "I can’t tell you how utterly blessed we feel right now. We are so happy to announce that @tompitfieldphotography , Alfie and I are expecting a baby. "It’s been tough keeping this a secret let me tell you!!" Catherine, who was a regular in Corrie from 2011 to 2018, married Tom at Colshaw Hall in Cheshire in 2016. The TV star has been sharing updates of her pregnancy journey on social media.