The former ambassador took to Twitter to criticise the 46th American President saying: “Right after he took office, Biden waived Nord Stream 2 sanctions, giving the biggest gift to Putin he could’ve asked for. “This hurt American energy and helped our enemies.”  Ms Haley later added: “Unbelievable. Biden is still refusing to go after Russia’s energy sector. We need to get serious and hit Putin where it really hurts.” White House press secretary Jen Psaki insists that increasing American production of energy is not the solution and instead the US should focus on renewable energy sources to prevent dependence on foreign oil. On Fox Business, West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey disagrees with Ms Psaki and noted that the current position of the United States right now “was avoidable.” He continued: “If the Biden administration doesn’t try to immediately undermine American energy independence by immediately trying to close down Keystone, by doing the social cost to carbon, the moratorium on oil, gas, coal exploration on federal lands, their climate policy, do you know how much stronger we’d be to deal with Russia right now? It would be night and day.”  “America needs energy independence and security to position ourselves on the global stage. “Biden’s been undermining it every single day. That’s the quickest way to get leverage and to push back on this.” Despite criticism from Republicans, Biden announced in his first State of the Union Address “the United States has worked with 30 other countries to release 60 million barrels of oil from reserves around the world. “America will lead that effort, releasing 30 million barrels from our own Strategic Petroleum Reserve. And we stand ready to do more, if necessary, unified with our allies.” READ MORE:'Go f*** yourself!' Captain refuses to fuel Russian ship Supporters of Biden have taken to Twitter to remind the Republicans that their arguments often leave the President in a no-win situation and that the financial sanctions of the US and other allies have led to the bankruptcy of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. The President also announced the new US sanctions of banning flights to Russia from the United States following similar bans from Europe and Canada. During the address, Mr Biden announced the US would be “joining with European allies to find and seize their yachts, their luxury apartments, their private jets. DON'T MISS:Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals (REACTION)Donald Trump wants to win back the White House in 2024 - Exclusive pol (POLL)Poland 'under attack' – fears for Ukraine's neighbour over Ukraine war (INSIGHT)  “I’m announcing that we will join our allies in closing off American airspace to all Russian flights, further isolating Russia and adding additional squeeze on their economy. “He has no idea what’s coming. The Russian economy is reeling, and Putin alone is the one to blame.” The White House Chief of Staff Ronald Klain shared results of a poll that said 78 percent of voters approved of the President’s address. The poll by CBS News also showed that 71 percent of voters believed that the President’s policies will effectively deal with Russia while 29 percent of voters disagreed. 