The fatal collision occurred at 1.35pm on Monday on Green Street in Newham. Paramedics from the London Ambulance Service attended the scene and treated the girl but she died from her injuries, police said. The Metropolitan Police are currently appealing for witnesses. Road closures on Green Street are in place. Providing an update, the force said: "The rider of the e-scooter, a girl believed aged 14, was treated at the scene but died from her injuries. "Next of kin have been informed. "The driver of the van is with police - he has not been arrested. "Road closures remain in place." One million e-scooters have been imported to the UK since 2019. However, they are illegal to ride on public roads unless they are part of an authorised rental scheme. An e-scooter rental scheme was rolled out across the capital by Transport for London (TfL) in June last year, with road users across 10 London boroughs being eligible to hire the vehicles. The rental scheme is the only legal way to ride an e-scooter on public roads in London. It was introduced as an attempt to "explore new, environmentally-friendly forms of transport that can be used to reduce road congestion in London", TfL said. However, the Government has been urged to introduce tougher safety measures as more than 100 people were seriously injured riding e-scooters in London last year. According to TfL, 98 people were badly hurt and three killed in the capital. E-scooters now account for three percent of all people killed or seriously injured on London roads. An investigation by the Parliamentary Advisory Council for Transport Safety (PACTS) found that 15 people - including 11 in 2021 alone - died in incidents involving the illegal use of private e-scooters. David Davies, executive director of PACTS said: "The Government should act now to curb dangerous and illegal use. "Even if the Government decides on the way forward soon, legislation will not take effect until sometime next year. "They should take this opportunity to gather evidence and consult widely – something which should have happened before the rental trials started but were curtailed by the pandemic." More than 3,600 privately owned e-scooters were seized by the Metropolitan Police last year.