Emmerdale has been airing on ITV at 7pm on weeknights for many years, but this week the TV schedule has changed. ITV announced the evening news show will air from 6.30pm until 7.30pm, taking over the soap's usual slot. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's new air time. Emmerdale's new schedule began on March 7 and it marks the first change in the show's history since the 1970's when it began. It is not the only soap experiencing a schedule shake-up as Coronation Street and EastEnders will also be impacted. The reason for the change is to extend ITV's evening news programme to an hour, in order to focus on reports outside of London. Emmerdale fans have been following the latest drama in the West Yorkshire village and tonight's episode promises plenty of twists. Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) discovers Chas' (Lucy Pargeter) plan, for starters. READ MORE: Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son? Emmerdale has moved to a 7.30pm slot but will continue to air every weeknight. As for the other soaps, Corrie has moved to hour-long episodes on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, from 8pm. EastEnders will now air on BBC One on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays from 7.30pm. With this in mind, there will be a clash between EastEnders and Emmerdale. It is the first time soaps have directly challenged each other since 1985. Emmerdale viewers are keen to find out what happens to the villainous Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu) as her exit is imminent. She is serving time in prison after DS Rogers (Matthew Flynn) proved she was behind the murder spree. Still, prison has not stopped her from causing chaos as she has been trying to take her sister Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) down with her. Meena's plea hearing is approaching, but the murderer will not go down without a fight. However, Emmerdale writer Sharon Marshall assured fans it would be a satisfying ending to Meena's storyline. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale debut for Mandy Dingle's mother as she reunites with Paddy? [DISCUSSION] Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker on bidding 'surreal' farewell to co-star [INTERVIEW] Emmerdale couple torn apart after row over relationship dealbreaker? [INSIGHT] With the soap's 50th birthday coming up in October, her downfall comes at the perfect time. Speaking to This Morning, Marshall said: "You might scream at the screen when all that (Meena and Manpreet’s scenes) is going on, when you see what she does, but it is going to be one of those that is a satisfying ending." She said some scenes have been filmed from inside court, but the proceedings are by no means straightforward. This year is going to be full of more twists than ever before to mark the show's special anniversary. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the soap's current storylines. They are starting to grow frustrated with Meena's ongoing prison stint. Rainbow.Isle said: "For God sake, I thought her going to prison would be the end of Meena. Make it stop.#Emmerdale." [Sic] On the schedule shake-up, Vinnie said: "Should #Eastenders move to 9pm or is it just me. "Personally I think #Emmerdale is gonna push it off air at this point."  Emmerdale airs from 7.30pm on weeknights.