Roy Keane and Ian Wright clashed on Wednesday night over whether players should touch Liverpool's Anfield sign before matches. A whole host of Reds players touch the sign in the tunnel before running onto the pitch, with some opposition stars even taking it upon themselves to do the same thing. But Keane labelled Wright as “childish” after the former Arsenal striker admitted he used to do it during visits to the famous stadium.  “Of course I touched it,” Wright said on ITV ahead of Liverpool’s FA Cup clash with Norwich City on Wednesday evening. “When I went out with the guys I would not touch it because you would never know whether it would be deemed as a bit disrespectful. “But you have to touch it don’t you - it’s such a fantastic stadium.” And Keane was not amused following Wright’s admission. “Of course not,” Keane responded when asked if he used to acknowledge the sign. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season   “It is traditional for English players but not for me. It’s childish Wrighty - why did you touch it? What did you get out of it? Did it benefit you in any way?” Liverpool won their first silverware of the season at the weekend as they lifted the Carabao Cup trophy after beating Chelsea in the final at Wembley. Despite trailing Premier League leaders Manchester City by six points, the Reds have been tipped to win a historic quadruple this season after an impressive run of form in recent weeks. And Wright has extolled the team’s attack as the Merseysiders continue to rack-up the goals. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message     “When you look at [Mohamed] Salah, [Roberto] Firmino and [Sadio] Mane, you’re going to have to push them,” Wright continued. “But when you look at Luiz Diaz and how quickly he has settled - [Diogo] Jota as well - it’s very hard to stop for anyone in the league or cup competitions because they are all brilliant players and they have proved that again this season.” And, despite their differences on the Anfield sign, Keane agreed with Wright when it came to the Liverpool frontline. “There is a saying in football that says you’re only as good as your strikers,” Keane added.   “And from my experience with United, when players stepped in we didn’t get any weaker and that is the same here at Liverpool. “They all have good chemistry, play well together and whenever they are on the pitch they always look like they are going to score. “Even when they have an off day, you can bring one of them off because they have got so many options on the bench.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 