Nika Belotserkovskaya, 51, who has been highly critical of Russia's attacks in Ukraine, may become the first person to be sent to jail under a war censorship law. Ms Belotserkovskaya, who is one of Russia's most popular cookbook chefs, was hit with criminal charges on Wednesday by Russia’s Investigative Committee.    Russia’s Investigative Committee also announced criminal charges against two unnamed citizens from Siberia. The Russian’s have been accused of breaking Russian President Vladimir Putin’s new laws “discrediting the armed forces of Russia” and their “use abroad.” The committee has stated the famed Russian chef, who has nearly 900,000 followers on Instagram alone, had been posting “false information about the use of the Russian armed forces to destroy cities and civilians including children”. Russian authorities are set to seek an international arrest warrant for Ms Belotserkovskaya as the food blogger divides her time between Moscow and Provence.  READ MORE: Plan to save Royal Family from nuclear attack created years ago    Upon hearing the charges, Ms Belotserkovskaya took to instagram. She wrote: “Am I the first one to go? “I have been officially declared a decent person.” This comes as the Russian authorities continue to escalate censorship surrounding the Ukraine invasion. DON'T MISSPeston: Sajid Javid vows full access to NHS for Ukraine refugees [UPDATE]Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day [INSIGHT]Russia’s desperate bid to replace McDonald’s exposed [REVEAL]   Last week, Russian authorities blocked Facebook and restricted access to Twitter. In response, Twitter has banned accounts belonging to state-run networks RT and Sputnik in the EU. There have been multiple new laws implemented to prevent the media from publishing anything divergent from the approved narrative. A new law, Criminal Code of Russia, article 207.3, states: “Public dissemination of preemptively false information about the use of the Russian military.” Breaking this law can be punished by up to three years in prison and a fine of 1.5 million rubles if there was no “selfish” motive.  