And German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has been told Germany has contributed to the current crisis as a result of “decades of erroneous policy”. Witold Waszczykowski, a Polish MEP who is chairman of the EU-Ukraine Parliamentary Association Committee, launched his scathing attack after receiving an answer to a written question submitted at end of last year - long before Putin ordered a full-scale invasion. Mr Waszczykowski, a former Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs, asked: "What percentage of budget revenues obtained from exports of hydrocarbons from Russia is allocated to armaments?" He also wanted to know whether "the Commission does not recognise the fact that Germany's energy policy is leading to financing Russian aggression." In his response, Mr Borrell, the EU’s High Representative as well as a vice-president of the European Commission, admitted that oil and gas revenues account for around 28 per cent of the Russian budget, and that Russia's defence spending makes up roughly 16.5 per cent of its budgetary spending. Nevertheless, he insists: “This cannot be considered as supporting Russia's foreign and defence policy." Mr Waszczykowski said: “I sent this written question almost exactly three months before the ongoing Russian invasion began. “In the meantime, the reality has verified the notions contained in it. JUST IN: Britain seals multi-billion pound trade deal talks with Canada The High Representative was “clearly doing the bidding of the German government”, claimed Mr Waszczykowski. He warned: “For years, we have been trying to explain to our partners that energy dependence on Russia will lead to catastrophe. "Our words, however, fell on deaf ears in Berlin and Brussels. "The Germans, not the Ukrainians, should pay for the mistakes of all the consecutive iterations of the German government. “Unfortunately, for Chancellor Scholz, the potential economic slowdown and higher energy prices for German society are unacceptable.” Mr Waszczykowski added: “Instead, what we have is constant financing of Putin's war machine, while Ukrainians pay with their own blood for decades of erroneous German policy. “All this because what apparently matters more is that the Germans don’t get too cold without Russian gas. “If Borrell cannot see the correlation, he should step down.” Express.co.uk has approached Mr Borrell for comment.