WION presenter Palki Sharma slammed the Royal Family as she said "what goes around comes around". As Kate and Prince William arrived in Jamaica, they were greeted by protesters. Ms Sharma said: "What goes around comes around. Sometimes in the form of a frisbee, sometimes as a form of a nightmare, and sometimes as a long, long bill. "The Queen will soon receive one, it will be from Jamaica. "The Caribbean country is asking the Queen to cough up billions as reparations for slavery. "Jamaica was a British colony from 1655 to 1962. The colonisers introduced sugar cane cultivation in Jamaica and to support it, Britain introduced slaves. "People stolen from their homes and forced to work in the field." READ MORE: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in Belize on Saturday to start the tour that coincides with Queen Elizabeth's 70th year on the throne, and will conclude it over the weekend with a visit to The Bahamas. They were received by Jamaican foreign affairs minister Kamina Johnson-Smith and Defense Force Chief Antonette Wemyss Gorman at Kingston's Norman Manley airport. They then left to meet Governor-General Patrick Allen, who represents the British crown in Jamaica. Earlier, dozens of people gathered outside the British High Commission in Kingston, singing traditional Rastafarian songs and holding banners with the phrase "seh yuh sorry" - a local patois phrase that urged Britain to apologize. "There are historical wrongs and they need to be addressed," said Dr. Rosalea Hamilton, an economist, and activist who helped organize the rally where demonstrators read out 60 reasons for reparations. Jamaica celebrates 60 years of independence in August. "Part of the conversation is how we begin a new dispensation and (discussion) of actions for the new generation," said Hamilton, dressed in a T-shirt printed with the phrase "seh yuh sorry." The royal visits to Caribbean nations are seen as an effort to convince other former British colonies - including Belize and The Bahamas - to stay on as "realms" of the British monarchy amid a rising regional movement towards republicanism. Dance hall singer Beenie Man in an interview with Good Morning Britain questioned the royal visit and expressed skepticism about the queen, saying "What are they doing for Jamaica? They're not doing anything for us." One Jamaican judge, Hugh Small, this month burned his ceremonial British judicial wigs in a symbolic protest of the fact that a London-based tribunal called Privy Council continues to be Jamaica's highest court of appeals. DON'T MISS Kate and William as you've never seen them before as royals dive [VIDEO]Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT]Philip would expect 'favourite son' Andrew to 'turn up' to memorial [ANALYSIS] William and Kate are scheduled to participate in a "sports activity" and a "cultural activity" on Tuesday as part of the tour that wraps up on Thursday, according to a preliminary agenda seen by Reuters. The couple had to change their itinerary in Belize following a protest by a few dozen indigenous villagers upset that the couple's helicopter was given permission to land on a soccer field without prior consultation. Marlene Malahoo Forte, who was Jamaica's attorney general until January, in December told the local newspaper Jamaica Observer that she had received instructions from Prime Minister Andrew Holness to reform the constitution to become a republic. That process would require a referendum, per Jamaica's constitution, making it more complicated than in smaller Barbados - which was able to make the change via an act of parliament. The government last year announced plans to ask Britain for compensation for forcibly transporting an estimated 600,000 Africans to work on sugar cane and banana plantations that created fortunes for British slaveholders. Jamaica lawmaker Mike Henry has proposed reparations package of 7.6 billion pounds ($10 billion).