In his Spring Statement, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak said that “during these challenging times, it is vital every single penny of taxpayers’ hard-earned cash is well spent”. Those stern words were backed up on Tuesday by Simon Clarke, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and Sunak’s deputy. In a speech to an economics think-tank, he warned “unequivocally” that the party is over for Whitehall and a new climate of prudence will prevail. But if this steely rhetoric is really to be translated into reality, there will have to be a revolution at the heart of the Government machine. At present, respect for public money is a depressingly low priority in the world of subsidised officialdom. In place of restraint, there is a culture of profligacy, waste and extravagance, where managers are largely judged not by their effectiveness but by the size of their budgets and their bureaucracies. This spendthrift outlook is fuelled by other factors. One is the absence of any commercial imperative. Unlike private firms which go out of business if they fail to deliver, state organisations enjoy a guaranteed income no matter how poorly they perform. Another is the chorus of demands from pressure groups, MPs, trade unions and much of the media for more state intervention, backed up by endless bleats about “lack of resources” in every field. Yet the fashionable idea of underfunding, so sedulously promoted across the airwaves, is absurd. For most of our modern history, public expenditure has been rising inexorably. This financial year, according to the independent Office for Budget Responsibility, the Government will spend no less than £1,087billion. But the problem is that so much of this vast largesse ends up being squandered through chronic mismanagement, vanity projects, low productivity, ideological self-indulgence and widespread abuses. Only last month, the Treasury minister Lord Agnew resigned in protest at the grotesque levels of fraud within Whitehall, estimated to have cost the taxpayer at least £29billion. “A combination of arrogance, indolence and ignorance is freezing the Government machine,” he said. His criticisms were backed up by other findings, like the recent report by the National Audit Office which revealed that £8.7billion was blown during the Covid crisis on unusable personal protection equipment. The expensive cocktail of incompetence and excess can be found everywhere. In the benefits system, overpayments and errors cost at least £8.4billion last year. Empire-building is rife throughout the higher ranks of the public sector. There are now 675 officials in the NHS who earn more than £150,000, including 126 at the Department of Health. The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan wails about the £1.5billion “black hole” in London Transport’s finances, yet in 2020 the same organisation employed 521 staff on over £100,000-a-year. Since 2016, civil service numbers have grown by 23 percent, and by seven percent in the last year alone, a trend that Simon Clarke admitted this week is “impossible to justify”. A heavy price is also paid by the taxpayer for pet schemes and doctrinaire obsessions, like the £107billion HS2 rail link which could be obsolescent before it is even opened. Large swathes of the public sector are gripped by social engineering, driven by the quota-imposing, box-ticking, jargon-peddling, guilt-tripping dogma of diversity. Oxford Brookes University, for instance, is advertising for a “Director of Equality, Diversity and Inclusion” on £76,000, who will “develop a joined-up action plan that moves beyond each protected characteristic to a more holistic, intersectional and impactful approach”. This kind of nonsense is where too much of our taxation is going, while genuine public needs, like improving social care, tackling energy bills, fighting crime or strengthening our borders, are not being met. Rishi Sunak promised last week that savings made in Whitehall will be “pumped directly into the world-class services that the British people deserve”. Sadly, the recent record of the bureaucrats and politicians does not inspire much faith in that pledge.