Cillian Murphy, 45, has spoken up about how he needs "time alone", as he discussed his wife and family. The Peaky Blinders star said that he needs time to adjust when switching between characters. The actor said that he needs "time to be alone" when in between characters. He then added that he tries to be close to his family during those periods. Cillian said: “It's important to take time between characters to be able to approach them from the right perspective and also to grow as an actor. “I think it takes me about three months to move beyond a protagonist who was very important to me. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award “It's not that I'm a method actor, who lives with his role in real life all the time, but it does affect me and I have to get some distance to be able to face another challenge.” The Peaky Blinders actor then continued, saying that he reaches out to his family, with whom he lives in Dublin, when in transition periods. He added in the interview with GQ on Monday: “You need time to be alone and to get away. “I reach out to my family [Murphy lives outside Dublin with his wife and two children] and try to be close to them in these periods. I think that helps me a lot.” Cillian then went on to talk about the nature of his on-screen characters. He spoke about his thoughts on the popular trend of having anti-heroes or villains as the primary characters. He said that it’s necessary to show the mistakes that are often made in between good and evil. The Batman Begins actor said: “It's not just about trying to do the right thing, you also make mistakes and your mistakes have costs and consequences.” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] Cillian also mentioned his early family life and how his upbringing helped to bolster his acting career. He explained that there were always books and music in his home growing up, and he was always encouraged to pursue traditional music. He confirmed, however, that he didn’t come from an artistic family, but opportunities were always available. In a February interview with The Observer, Cillian spoke up about how he doesn’t go out very often and doesn’t like it when people bombard him with photographs. He said: "I'm always happy to chat. "What I don't like is people surreptitiously taking photographs, which someone said is like the amateur Stasi. "It's so f*****g weird. I've been sat on the tube and people have started filming me.” He continued to explain: "I don't want to be like, 'poor f*****g celebrities', that is not what I'm trying to say.