Twitter down reports are surging in today, with UK users experiencing service issues with the hugely popular microblogging website. Independent outage monitor Down Detector has recorded a huge spike in Twitter down reports today (Monday March 28), with the reported problems beginning around 1pm. At the time of writing Down Detector UK has registered a peak of more than 4,000 Twitter down reports, with the majority of reported issues to do with the Twitter website itself. Twitter users have also reported issues with the app for the social media site as well as their Twitter feed. Despite the widespread reports of issues with Twitter, the official Twitter Support account and Twitter Status website is yet to confirm any technical issues affecting the site today. The reported Twitter issues come on a busy day for the social networking site, with users flocking to tweet their reactions to a controversial Oscars 2022 ceremony. The high profile Hollywood event - which brings together the biggest stars of the movie industry - saw history made, with Apple TV+ becoming the first streaming service to clinch the coveted best picture award with Coda.  But arguably the biggest talking point of the night was a shock moment where veteran actor Will Smith took to the stage and slapped Chris Rock after the latter made a joke about Smith's wife Jada Pinkett Smith suffering hair loss. In the aftermath of this phrases such as violence, #ToxicMasculinity and Roman Polanski all trended, as people discussed their reactions to the controversial incident. Polanksi's name trended amid claims Smith could be asked to hand back his Oscar for "breaking" the Academy's code of conduct, and how this contrasts to Polanski who received an Oscar in absentee.  Polanski fled the US in 1978 while awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor. In the aftermath of the on-stage incident The Academy issued a statement on Twitter saying: "The Academy does not condone violence of any form. "Tonight we are delighted to celebrate our 94th Academy Awards winners, who deserve this moment of recognition from their peers and movie lovers around the world." 