Charlene, Princess of Monaco shows off her slim figure in all her public appearances. The royal is also a mother of seven-year-old twins: Gabriella and Jacques. Princess Charlene's fit and toned body could be a result of her professional swimmer career.  She has been swimming since her early childhood. This has greatly helped in providing her with a healthy body and a beautiful figure. Charlene is a former competitive swimmer and has won many championships. She represented South Africa in the 2000 Olympics. Once there, Charlene won three gold medals and a silver medal at the 1999 All-Africa Games in Johannesburg. The Princess of Monaco has managed to maintain her figure since she retired swimming after joining the Royal Family in 2011.  READ MORE: Princess Charlene finally joins loved ones for key family moment The mother of two has admitted on previous occasions she is not a fan of the gym. Princess Charlene also said she struggles to maintain a routine in her life as a royal: “There isn’t really consistency. "My days are never the same and you can’t really choose what you get to eat at events," she told Women's Health. Charlene stays in great shape by making sure she eats a healthy and balanced diet every day.  She explained: “I try to eat a lot of fish and fresh fruit and vegetables. "And I drink a lot of water – it’s important to stay hydrated.” However, she warned: “Don’t be too strict on yourself. “A dessert once in a while is not so bad.”  Princess Charlene is a pescatarian and makes sure that she has a rich, nutritious and healthy diet. The French Chef Alain Duchass reported that on her wedding day the menu consisted of vegetables grown on the Grimaldi farm in Rocagel. Despite not being a professional athlete anymore, Princess Charlene still works out on a regular basis. She reportedly swims regularly and practices other exercises she enjoys.  Princess Charlene regularly practices outdoor activities such as running and hiking. “As an athlete my training was explosive. “Now I focus more on strength, core training and stability. "You lose strength with age and I need to be strong so I can pick up my children and do my sport," Charlene said. 