Jenson Brooksby came under fire when he accidentally hit a ball boy with his racket during his Miami Open first-round victory over Federico Coria. The Argentine called for his opponent to be defaulted after recent similar incidents involving Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev, but he only received a point penalty and went on to win. Brooksby has been enjoying a breakthrough last few months, going from world No 231 to No 39 in the space of the year. He took on Federico Coria in his Miami Open debut and came from a set down to win 3-6 6-2 6-3. But the focus has been on an outburst from the young American that came midway through the final set. Up a double break in the decisive third set, Coria was able to set up a break point on the 21-year-old's serve which prompted Brooksby to throw his racket down in frustration but it bounced up and hit a ballboy who was standing by the scoreboard at the back of the court. He was handed a point pentalty, gifting Coria the game, but the 30-year-old expected a more severe punishment for the incident. He continued to push chair umpire Carlos Bernardes to explain why Brooksby hadn't been defaulted, with the American having already thrown his racket earlier in the match, which landed on the other side of the court. But Bernardes had applied the rules of a second warning to the world No 39, which was a point penalty, and told Coria to ask the ballboy for his thoughts. JUST IN: Raducanu woes continue as Brit loses Miami Open debut to Siniakova  Brooksby went on to win the match in three sets, holding onto the single break he still had in the final set, as Coria again questioned Bernardes over the lack of a default at the conclusion of the match. It comes after Alexander Zverev received a lenient punishment for smashing an umpire's chair with his racket at the Mexico Open, and there were calls for Nick Kyrgios to be penalised for a similar ballboy incident in Indian Wells last week. The Aussie threw his racket in frustration at the conclusion of his match against Rafael Nadal, which he lost in three sets. It narrowly missed hitting a ballboy, who jumped out of the way to avoid it. But Kyrgios issued a public apology after watching back the footage and found the ball kid in question on social media, arranging to meet him the following day to apologise in person and give him one of his rackets. DON'T MISSDjokovic and Nadal face threat as Thiem joins Wawrinka in comebackOsaka opens up on 'finally' starting therapy after heckling incidentDjokovic wins appeal against Paris ban after Indian Wells withdrawal  Zverev was withdrawn from the Mexico Open, where he was the defending champion, after smashing the umpire's chair with his racket when he lost his doubles match. The ATP opened an investigation and found the world No 4 guilty of a "major offence", issuing him with a fine on top of the one he received during the tournament, but he avoided being kicked out of competition and instead received a suspended ban of eight weeks that would only kick in if he was invovled in a similar incident in the next year. The outbursts have prompted calls for better protection of umpires in the sports, with many arguing that the likes of Brooksby will continue to throw their rackets without regarding the potential dangers if top players like Zverev aren't being punished for doing worse.