Researchers warned that a series of 17 solar eruptions, exploding from a single sunspot have been detected. Two of these eruptions, which were headed to Earth, caused the northern hemisphere sky to light up. These two Earth-directed Coronal mass ejections (CMEs) merged together to form a "cannibal coronal mass ejection".  One of the most powerful forms of a solar storm, a CME, occurs when the Sun belches out a cloud of charged particles and electromagnetic fluctuations. Until last night, the two eruptions were speeding toward the planet at 1,881,263 miles per hour (3,027,599 kilometres per hour). According to The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Space Weather Prediction Center (SWPC), a strong G3 geomagnetic storm watch is now in effect for 31 March. The SWPC statement said: “A second, faster Coronal Mass Ejection (CME) erupted later on 28 March associated with an M1 flare at 3:23 pm EDT (1923 UTC).  “Analyses indicated the CME speed as approximately 841 km/s, and model guidance suggests this CME will overtake the day’s earlier CME and arrive during the early evening of 30 March into early morning of 31 March (EDT). “Forecast confidence of an Earth-directed component is good, with moderate confidence of timing and intensity. “Additionally, a G1 (Minor) watch is in effect for 30 March, 2022, for likely effects of initial CME shock arrival and a G2 (Moderate) watch is in effect for 1 April, 2022, in anticipation of continuing, but weakening, CME influences.” Space weather expert Dr Tamitha Skov commented: "Our Sun takes aim at Earth with back-to-back solar storms. READ MORE: Solar 'tsunami' sparks radio blackout before storm makes direct hit "NOAA & NASA predictions show the storms merging, boosting their impact. Arrival is early on March 31. "NASA's prediction model shows the solar storms merge early on their way to Earth with the arrival at Earth a little later. "Still, excellent consensus between NASA & NOAA." The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) noted that when the CME approaches Earth, their DSCOVR satellite will detect the real-time solar wind changes and SWPC forecasters will issue any appropriate warnings. It added that impacts to technology from a G3 storm generally remain small, but it can drive the aurora further equatorward of its polar home. DON'T MISS: Price of goods set to soar up to 75% as EU unleashes new green tax [REVEAL] Russia issues threat as NASA astronaut to leave ISS: ‘We can fight' [INSIGHT]Putin panics as Nigeria offers to plug EU’s Russian supply gap [SPOTLIGHT] The statement said: “Aurora may be visible over the northern tier states if the conditions are favourable.” These CMEs erupted from the sunspot AR2975, which has been launching solar flares consisting of electrically charged particles from the Sun's plasma since Monday. The two ejections merged to form a cannibal CME, which is formed when a fast-moving solar flare overtakes earlier eruptions in the same region of space. The faster CME sweeps up the one it overtook to form a giant, combined wavefront that then triggers a powerful geomagnetic storm.  READ MORE: Solar storm warning: NASA predicts direct Earth hit from 'fast' impact According to Spaceweather.com, the "frenzy" generated by the solar flares meant that "at least two full-halo [Earth striking] CMEs emerged from the chaos," Powerful solar storms can cause real damage to the Earth’s infrastructure. In February, a major solar storm hit Earth, resulting in about 40 Starlink satellites tumbling back to Earth. Scientists have also warned that larger ones could potentially cripple internet supply across the world. 