The daughter, believed to be in her early 20s, sobbed just seconds after arriving at Poland's Przemysl railway station, six miles from the border. She had been alongside hundreds of mums and children travelling from Lviv, in western Ukraine, after taking the difficult decision to flee their homeland while their men stayed to fight. Many of the children clutched soft cuddly toys, as their mothers fought back tears after being overcome with relief at reaching safety. Among them was Kyiv native Yanina Bohachova, who had travelled with her 10-year-old daughter Lisa. She said: "I feel so thankful we are finally here and safe. "It was a long journey, but we had no option. "Every night we were hiding in the basement while listening to bombs going off. It was so stressful and scary." Yanina, who works for a car website, added: "This is not a war - it is mass murder of the Ukrainian people. "Buildings with newborn babies and children inside are being bombed." The refugee crisis was last night deepening, with more than 870,000 Ukrainians having left the country since the war started, according to the United Nations. Law student Mary Kobylinska, 19, was travelling with her mother Natasha, 45, and siblings Anna, eight, and Ivan, 10.Their dad Dimitriy, 63, stayed in Kyiv to protect their family's home and shop. Mary said: "Putin is a war criminal.The whole world can now see that he's the Hitler of the 21st century. "I have cried every day since the start of the war." Meanwhile, more than 100 Ukrainians queued outside the station to get on the same carriages back to Lviv to fight for their nation. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea They included Sasha Banina, 25, from Kyiv, who stood in the queue holding a Ukrainian flag. She had been visiting Cyprus when war broke out last Thursday. Copywriter Sasha said her husband Bogdan, 27, has now joined Ukraine's army. She said: "I never imagined war was coming to my country." When asked if she is ready to fire a gun herself, she said: "If it comes to it, I will. I just want to do something. I am so proud of my country." Eurostar has offered Ukrainian refugees fleeing to the UK free travel on its trains if they have a valid visa.