The climate activist group, called Tyre Extinguishers, targeted SUVs across areas in London on Monday night and left only a note stating they wanted to “make it impossible to own an SUV in the UK's urban areas”. The group targeted cars in Chelsea, Chiswick, Notting Hill and Belgravia.   Reports state the Tyre Extinguishers also caused chaos in Harley Street, Hampstead Heath and Clapham. The ominous note left on a vandalised car laid out the Tyre Extinguishers' plans, stating Monday’s actions was only the first in a series of planned protests. The note outlined the group wished to see bans on SUVs in urban areas, pollution levies to tax SUVs out of existence, and more investment in public transport. The note stated: “Attention - your gas guzzler kills. READ MORE: EU shamed as Putin funded activists EXPOSED for ban fracking ploy “We have deflated one or more of your tyres. “You’ll be angry, but don't take it personally. It's not you, it’s your car. “We did this because driving around urban areas in your massive vehicle has a huge consequence for others. “Car companies try to convince us we need massive cars. But SUVs and 4x4s are a disaster for our climate.” DON'T MISSUK gas imports may 'fund Putin's war in Ukraine' with £6.3m per day [REVEAL]Putin’s invasion 'wake up call' to 'ludicrous' climate targets [INSIGHT]Prince William issues stark warning in rare personal letter [UPDATE]   The statement from the climate group went on to state that SUVs are “unnecessary” and “pure vanity”. SUVs are typically defined as large cars which combine features of road-going passenger cars with off-road perks such as high ground clearance and four-wheel drive. While loved by families, a study by the International Energy Agency revealed the increased demand for the large cars was the second biggest contributor to the growth in carbon emissions. Annual emissions from SUVs rose to more than 700 megatonnes of CO2, the study found. It also revealed if SUV drivers would be a country, they would be seventh in the world for carbon emissions.  