French actress Elizabeth Bourgine has starred in Death in Paradise since the series began on the BBC in 2011. The star portrays Catherine Bordey, the Mayor of Saint Marie and a bar owner. Catherine is always on hand to offer advice and fans were terrified in season 10 when she was almost killed. After playing Catherine for so long, fans are keen to know more about the actress. Express.co.uk has everything you need know about Elizabeth. Elizabeth has appeared mostly in French film and television productions. She was originally a dancer and a model, studying at l'école nationale des beaux-arts. Before appearing as Catherine in Death in Paradise, Elizabeth starred in Private Lessons, A Heart in Winter and My Best Friend. Her breakthrough role however, was in Nesta Burma, Shock Detective in 1982. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps Her character Catherine is incredibly friendly and has helped many of the island’s new detectives settle in. Juggling her role as Mayor and bar owner, Catherine dedicates her life to the people and communities of Saint Marie. She is also the mother of beloved member of the Saint Marie police team, Camille Bordey (Sara Martins). Camille left Saint Marie to work in Paris but has returned once when her mother ended up in hospital after an attack. Elizabeth is 64-years-old and was born in March 1957 in Levallois-Perret, Hauts-de-Seine. The actress is also married to Jean-Luc Miesch and they have one adult son together. It looks like Elizabeth will not be leaving Death in Paradise any time soon as she shared her joy at returning to Guadeloupe for season 11. She said filming the series: “It was great to go back to Guadeloupe and great to be back with Catherine. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise’s Marlon Pryce star on challenges of filming [INSIGHT]Danny John Jules: Who are the Death in Paradise star's children? [EXPLAINER]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [COMMENT] “Catherine was born in a good mood, she was born happy, so I think it’s always very pleasant to be Catherine. “Guadeloupe was as usual, lovely, warm, hot, humid but beautiful.” Elizabeth also touched on the brilliant reaction from fans when Catherine reunited with Camille. “Fans chat with me on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram and they loved every single second of those two episodes,” the actress recalled. “They were frightened before because of the images they saw to announce the following episode. Three or four days before the episode they were asking, will Catherine die? “Families sent me messages from their children crying saying they don’t want Catherine to die! They sent me pictures of their families watching Death in Paradise because it’s like we’re part of their family. “They were so happy to see Camille back and taking care of her mother after having left her for so long. It was really wonderful.” Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.