Cristiano Ronaldo is set to miss out on around £5million in performance-related bonuses at the end of his first season back at Manchester United, according to reports. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner sparked plenty of fanfare when he rejoined the Red Devils from Juventus at the beginning of the campaign but has struggled to live up to expectations in recent months. Ronaldo made an impressive start to the season but recently endured a six-game spell without scoring and has only found the back of the net on four occasions since the beginning of the new year. The 37-year-old has also been criticised for his on-pitch attitude by fans and pundits alike and has occasionally been dropped to the bench by Ralf Rangnick as a result of his lack of form.The Portuguese forward was forced to take a huge pay cut in order to rejoin United after picking up a weekly wage of around £800,000 during his time at Juventus. Ronaldo is currently earning a fee in the region of £450,000 per week at Old Trafford but opted to negotiate a number of significant add-ons in order to make up the difference.However, the majority of his performance-related bonuses have already been wiped as a result of United's lacklustre efforts in all competitions this season. The situation will see Ronaldo miss out on at least an extra £5m after failing to meet the additional clauses written into his two-year contract, according to the Daily Star. JUST IN: Premier League 'block' Victor Moses transfer deal after Ukraine war The report claims that Ronaldo would have pocketed around £2.5m if United had beaten Atletico Madrid to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League earlier this month. The Red Devils were ultimately knocked out of Europe's most prestigious tournament on home soil after falling to a narrow second-leg defeat at the hands of Diego Simeone's side at Old Trafford.A number of other personal bonuses related to the Premier League, which range from lifting the title to securing a top-four finish, could also see Ronaldo lose out on an additional £2.5m if they are not met. It remains to be seen whether United will be able to qualify for next season's Champions League between now and the end of the campaign, with the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham set to push them hard in the battle to clinch fourth place. Meanwhile, former Liverpool defender and current Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher recently urged United to bite the bullet and sell Ronaldo in order to regain some much-needed balance and team cohesion ahead of next season. "The next United manager will face the same issues as Rangnick in trying to keep him happy," wrote Carragher in his column for The Telegraph."My conclusion last August was that re-signing Ronaldo was likely to create more problems than it solved for United. If his United reunion is limited to one season, letting him go will solve more problems than it creates." FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE