After the latest instalment of Soccer Saturday, Kris Kamara left fans concerned over his "slurred speech". The presenter later confirmed to worried fans that he had developed a speech disorder along with an existing thyroid condition. However, during an appearance on Friday's Good Morning Britain, Kammy explained to hosts Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins that he was having a good day. After chatting about the return of ITV's Ninja Warrior following its three-year hiatus, Charlotte asked Kammy how he was feeling. She began: "I've got to ask how you are because I know that you talked about this at the weekend, you were broadcasting and you talked about the fact that your speech was a bit slower, and it's apraxia. "I just wanted to ask how you're doing, I know you've had a lot of people get in touch with their support over this, haven't you?" "Thanks, Charlotte, it was incredible," Kammy replied. "Today's a good day. So today I think I'm fine." READ MORE: Yellowstone season 5: Kayce Dutton to die after Luke Grimes clue? He continued: "I don't know how I sound but it seems as if I'm okay, but on Saturday I was doing a report for Sky in Rotherham and unbeknown to me because I'm not really sure about how it comes out because if I explain my apraxia... it's like we take for granted the fact when we think and come in through our speech, it's comfortable, it's easy, it's natural. "Because it varies in different people, my apraxia when it's bad it stops those signals from that brain going into that mouth, so it slows it down. "In fact, at times it slurs the words as well so people are looking [at me], thinking, 'Is he drunk? Is he alright? What's the matter with him?' "So what it is, it's connected to my thyroid, my underactive thyroid problem." Discussing the outpour of support he's received since Saturday, Kammy added: "So when I put out the message after Soccer Saturday, I never in a million years, expected that response. But everyone has been so brilliant." "You sound great this morning mate, to be honest," Ben weighed in as he aired his concerns for his pal. "A lot better than the last time I saw you but we were in the pub. "You sharing this is really important. Can you just explain a little bit about what the prognosis will be, Kammy, and what this means for you?" "It's difficult, Ben, because it's neurological " Kammy admitted. "We don't know. The experts don't know, the brain is so complex, (it's) part of you that it's hard to say whether it is the thyroid that has brought this on." DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode [INSIGHT]Coronation Street tragedy as Summer Spellman falls ill [SPOILERS]Judi Dench swoons over The Repair Shop's Jay Blades [NEWS] The sports broadcaster went on to explain he is working with speech therapists to try and help with his ability to talk. "Singing is no problem, Ben," Kammy joked. "You can sing all day long at a normal pace of the song, but talking when the apraxia kicks in, makes it really difficult. "Like I said, I am not after sympathy. There are so many people out there worse off than me." Following the segment, viewers flocked to social media to send their best wishes to Kammy. Ann wrote: "Love @chris_kammy. He’s such a great character. My best wishes for recovery go to him!" Em penned: "@chris_kammy keep going Kammy! You’re so inspirational, you sounded amazing today #GMB #Kammy." While Paul added: "@chris_kammy is a legend! Love watching him on TV and best wishes to him. #GMB." "#GMB Good to see Kammy on the show today, best wishes @chris_kammy mate, proper legend," Stuart Robson commented. (sic) Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.