Arsenal have reportedly identified another Lyon midfielder as a potential replacement for Granit Xhaka. Arsenal are once again expected to receive interest for Xhaka at the end of the season. The Switzerland international came close to joining Roma last summer but the Serie A side failed to offer the fee the Gunners wanted. It wasn't the first time Xhaka had come near to leaving the Emirates. In January 2020 Hertha Berlin were close to signing the midfielder. Mikel Arteta convinced him to stay but he has continued to be much-maligned with many of the club's supporters. Arteta has shown interest in a number of midfielders across the last 18 months as he attempts to bring in the right players to implement a 4-3-3 formation. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has problems with six players for Inter Milan clash  There has been interest in two Lyon players in that time. Houssem Aouar, who is still at the Ligue 1 club, was a top target in the summer of 2020. However, Arsenal instead opted to activate the release clause of Thomas Partey. Bruno Guimaraes had also been linked with a move to north London, with technical director Edu a long-term admirer, before he joined Newcastle in January. DON'T MISS: John Terry mocks Frank Lampard's Everton with brutal comment on Tottenham display  But it appears Arsenal are hoping for a third time lucky this summer. Italian outlet Calciomercato says there is interest from the Gunners in Lyon star Lucas Paqueta. Paqueta joined Lyon from AC Milan in 2020 and has been a regular ever since. The 24-year-old, who has won 29 caps for Brazil, would give Arsenal a goalscoring threat from midfield, something Xhaka and Partey have failed to do.  Paqueta has scored 16 goals across the last two seasons in Ligue 1. There is also interest in the player from Paris Saint-Germain, who could blow Arsenal out of the water financially if they are seriously intent on signing him. Paqueta still has three-and-a-half years remaining on his contract at Lyon. So they are in a position to ask for a high fee for the midfielder.  Arsenal would be a more attractive proposition for the Brazilian if they qualify for next season's Champions League. They currently sit fourth in the Premier League table, a point ahead of Manchester United with three games in hand. Arteta admitted last week that he would look to strengthen his squad this summer. “Now is the moment we have to raise the quality," the Spaniard said.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here