Megan Macey (played by Gaynor Faye) was a regular in Emmerdale for six years before she decided to leave the ITV programme. The character decided to leave the village after she struggled to come to terms with the death of her partner Frank Clayton (Michael Praed). However, the soap favourite could soon make a return to the Dales, if it's revealed that she is Kim Tate's (Claire King) mystery buyer for her house. Last week, the businesswoman told Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) and Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) that she was selling Mulberry, the cottage they were renting from her. The couple were left devastated over the prospect of losing their family home, but Kim explained she needed to free up some cash after she bought Charity Dingle's (Emma Atkins) share in the haulage. Laurel and her son Arthur are the only ones currently living in the cottage after she kicked Jai out. The couple's relationship is on the rocks after Jai fraudulently took a £50,000 loan out in Laurel's name. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up However, during Thursday's instalment of Emmerdale, Kim told Jai and Laurel she had found a buyer for their house. However, she decided to keep the person's identity a secret. In the cafe, Jai told Laurel: "Kim has accepted an offer on the house." "What?" Laurel replied as Kim explained: "I will draw up a letter this afternoon, but your 30-day notice starts from today." "Hang on, is it Paddy and Chas?" Jai raged before Kim replied: "They are standard terms, I am not being unreasonable. "I will help in any way I can and no, it's not Paddy. This is not my fault, Jai." "So, 30 days to move a family and find somewhere," Laurel sighed. "Great!" Kim may not have revealed who is buying the house, but it would just be Laurel's luck if it did turn out to be Megan. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO] Laurel and Jai's relationship may be uncertain right now, but Megan and the businessman have a history together. In 2015, Megan discovered she was pregnant with Jai's baby. Despite not telling him the news straight away, Jai eventually found out and they welcomed Eliza. However, when Megan decided to leave the village, she and Jai decided it would be best if their daughter went with her. Megan could be making a return to the village for the sake of her daughter. But, will she be the mystery buyer that Kim referred to? Elsewhere in Thursday's episode, Kim told Jai she could buy his shares in the HOP so he could pay off his debt and put a deposit down on Mulberry. "I have accepted an offer, why don't you put in a rival one?" Kim asked him. "Right, so you've called me here to gloat?" Jai hit back. Kim added: "I'll save us both some time. I'll tell you what your offer is, you offer me your shares in HOP and see what I say. "Fine, laugh but I am the one with the chain-free buyer ready and waiting, what is your backup plan?" Kim went on to add: "Gabby said Laurel is very upset, I am offering you a way for you to give her the one thing she wants." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.