The band posted a heartfelt message on their social media earlier today, announcing that all remaining concert dates throughout the year had been cancelled. Responses have been universally respectful, with everyone understanding Dave Grohl and his bandmates need time to come to terms with their loss. However, one fan spoke for many saying: "I saw foos a couple of years back in Vancouver BC. It rocked. Seeing them again was literally the only thing on my bucket list. But the Foos without Taylor would not be the Foo Fighters. You made the right choice. It's the end of an era. Wish you all peace and acceptance. Rock on." FULL FOO FIGHTERS STATEMENT BELOW. Another immediately replied: "I don’t think they are splitting apart. Just cancelling the tour." But Twitter user Brockhard explained: "Yeah but as I said without Taylor it'll just seem like a foos cover band. I'm sure Dave and the boys have a lot of reflecting and soul-searching to do before making that decision. They'll be back I'm just not sure it will be as FF..." Although Hawkins was not a founding member of the band, he has been an integral part of their global success for 25 years. Dave Grohl originally launched the Foos as a solo project in 1994, following the end of Nirvana, with Nate Mendell on bass, guitarist Pat Smear and William Goldsmith on drums. Goldsmith left in 1997 and Grohl originally only approached Hawkins for advice on any available replacements. Hawkins had been working with Alanis Morissette (a far bigger act at the time) but shocked Grohl when he declared he wanted to join Foo Fighters to be part of a rock band. The rest is history and the drummer helped propel the Foos to global superstardom and induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last year. The same year they also received the first-ever global icon award at the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards. Another fan remembered there had been pre-pandemic plans for Van Halen and Foo Fighters to tour together, and now Eddie Van Halen and Hawkins have both died. Stephen C said: "Remember a few years ago the VH Foo tour together rumors? Now we probably don't have either band. I'm so sad today." Stratman5150 replied: "I remember that. I wonder if the Foo Fighters will stop." Many others think the same with one adding: "I think that's the end of the road for Foo Fighters." Jack Mendel said: "Quite honestly, like Led Zeppelin with John Bonham's death, I would not be surprised (or disappointed) if Dave Grohl decided to end it with Taylor Hawkins' tragic passing. I don't want to see Foo Fighters with another drummer. It would be too painful. And they had a good run." At the moment the band has made no further statement as they take time "to grieve, to heal, to pull our loved ones close, and to appreciate all the music and memories we’ve made together." FOO FIGHTERS OFFICIAL WEBSITE 