Starz’s period romance drama Outlander made its highly anticipated return to screens this month after fans were forced to wait almost two years for the instalment. While viewers familiarise themselves with the beloved characters, a teaser trailer hinted at the death of Marsali Fraser (played by Lauren Lyle) and Fergus’ (Cesar Domboy) newborn son.  The promo clip of the upcoming third episode titled ‘Temperance’ showed there was a baby in a basket which was floating in a river. Some children who were running after the baby along the river bank were able to get Roger Mackenzie’s (Richard Rankin) attention as he jumped into the river to save the child. However, tragedy could be on the cards as the children also shouted: “He’s heading for the waterfall.” The trailer then showed dramatic scenes of the basket aggressively making its way through the rocky waters as the baby cried.  READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour Throughout season five, Marsali and Ferus had extended their family as Marsali had been pregnant a number of times. However, by the 11th episode, she was heavily pregnant with her fourth child, a son who she eventually gave birth to in the most recent episode of the series. She went into intense labour during dinner, with Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) and Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) by her side, Marsali gave birth to a son. Despite the happiness in the room, Fergus was instantly devastated after spotting their baby was born with dwarfism.  The promo for the upcoming episode also showed Fergus blaming himself for his baby’s condition. He then stormed off when Claire assured him: “His condition has nothing to do with what’s happened.” Fergus was upset about dwarfism because sadly in those days, giving birth to a child with a condition was seen as punishment for the parent’s sin. With residents also believing this, it could be the reason why their son Henri-Christian was placed in the river.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? [THEORY]Does Marsali die in Outlander? [THEORY]Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? [INSIGHT] Outlander is the onscreen adaptation of the best-selling novel series written by Diana Gabaldon, with the sixth season based on her book ‘A Breath of Snow and Ashes’. The fans who read the series revealed Henri-Christian would be shunned because of his dwarfism, which could be the reason someone would try to hurt him. If Roger is able to save the child from drowning, he would undoubtedly face scrutiny from other children and adults for the way he looks. Which will undoubtedly cause tension for his parents, especially Fergus who already blamed himself.  Ahead of the season six release, Marsali star Lauren Lyle hinted her character’s marriage would face some major challenges. The actress explained: “You kind of catch Marsali in probably, I would say for Marsali and Fergus, the darkest place they’ve been in. “It's the most tumultuous time that we've seen them and their relationship in. “And Marsali really has, this season, it's the first time you see her having to step up, and she's sort of supporting the family and dealing with her own needs.” Outlander season 6 airs on Sundays on Starz and is available to watch on Starzplay in the UK. 