Many leaders have been critical of Germany’s dependence on Russian energy with approximately 56 billion cubic metres of natural gas being imported from Russia in 2020. Almost 55 percent of German gas imports came from Russia and the now cancelled Nord Stream 2 pipeline was set to see this amount substantially increase.  The deal with Qatar has been hailed as an important step for Germany, but the move is for a long-term solution and will not be a quick fix on the current flow of money streaming from Europe to Russia. The current cashflow is estimated to be around £217 million per day just for oil, which is fuelling the war on Ukraine. After his visit to Doha on Sunday, German economy minister Robert Habeck announced the deal alongside German business leaders. He said: “It is great that I can say it was firmly agreed to enter into a long-term energy partnership – a cooperation.”  A spokesperson for the German economy ministry said: “The companies that are now involved in this journey will enter into contract negotiations with the Qatari side.” Germany’s conclusion of discussions in Qatar seem to differ slightly from that of Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani who received Mr Habeck on Sunday. The Emiri court released a statement on Sunday saying that both countries discussed ways to enhance bilateral relations, especially in the energy sector. QatarEnergy, a state-owned oil and gas firm, said that companies from each country “would re-engage and progress discussions on long term LNG supplies”. READ MORE:Ukraine War LIVE: Locals put in camps and moved to distant Russia Qatar is a top supplier of LNG and has the third-largest reserves after Iran and Russia and is due to nearly double its production by 2025. Germany currently has no LNG terminals due to their reliance upon pipelines which means the nation currently cannot receive imports from Qatar. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has revealed plans to construct two new LNG terminals which are unlikely to be ready by 2026. During his visit to Doha, the Economy Minister said: “Although we might still need Russian gas this year, in the future it won’t be so anymore. And this is only the start.” DON'T MISS:Boris boost as Ukraine favours UK military pact over NATO- poll (POLL)Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret? (REVEAL)Chris Kamara addresses slurred speech on Soccer Saturday (REACTION)  Mr Scholz emphasised the importance of diversifying German energy purchases after initial reluctance to sanction Russia for its invasion of Ukraine. Last month a crucial document certifying the Nord Stream 2 pipeline was removed and consequently ended the continuation of the project. The European Union has announced plans to reduce gas imports from Russia by almost two-third by the end of 2022, with the goal of ousting all Russian fossil fuel imports before 2030. 