Back in 2008, Liam Neeson suddenly found himself leading an action franchise in Luc Besson’s Taken trilogy. The original film about a retired CIA operative saving his kidnapped daughter may have received mixed reviews upon release, but the flick was a hit at the box office with over $226 million made on a $25 million budget. As a result, two critically panned sequels followed but still managed to make almost $1 billion altogether. It’s been eight years since Neeson last played Bryan Mills in Taken 3, having initially not been up for a third film. Since then there’s been a prequel TV series starring Clive Standen instead, that has since been cancelled. And while the third movie may have concluded the trilogy, there’s now a new report that Taken 4 is in active development. This comes from Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources. The outlet admitted that there are few details on their Taken 4 scoop at the moment. However, it’s certainly within the realms of possibility given how much of a box office hit the trilogy was. Neeson himself turns 70 this year, but returning to an action franchise at an older age is not something other stars have been shy about. For example, Harrison Ford has shot Indiana Jones 5 and he will be around 81 when the film finally hits cinemas next year. Since his action career took off with the Taken movies, Neeson has shown that he has a very particular set of skills in a number of other films in the genre. These have included The Commuter, Run All Night, Non-Stop, The Grey, Cold Pursuit, The Ice Road, The Marksman, Honest Thief, and Blacklight. With a gap in the franchise, perhaps Taken 4 will be the start of a new trilogy for Neeson, or maybe he’ll just be coming back for one more in which Bryan sacrificially dies for a kidnap victim? Whatever the case, there’s a demand for such movies. Just look at Keanu Reeves’ John Wick films. DON'T MISSJohnny Depp: How Pirates star inspired a Hollywood director [JOHNNY DEPP]Spider-Man No Way Home digital and Blu-ray home release announced [SPIDER-MAN]Death on the Nile streaming: Kenneth Branagh Poirot coming to DIsney+ [DEATH ON THE NILE] Like Taken, John Wick was a low-budget action flick for an older star that took off as a franchise. Reeves has starred as the assassin out for revenge in three movies to date, just like Neeson. However, he’s shown no sign of stopping, having recently shot John Wick Chapter 4 with a rumoured title of Hagkure for a 2023 release. The Matrix star says he’ll keep on making sequels as long as they are successful and fans want them, so maybe the Taken star could take a leaf out of his book? SOURCE