Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge will take on the important role of Queen Consort when Prince William, who is second in the line of succession to the British throne, becomes King. Channel 5 royal documentary, Kate: Our Queen in Waiting, shed insight on the similarities of the two royals and compares the Duchess to Queen Elizabeth II. Historian Dr Chandrika Kaul said: “Kate epitomises the adage ‘never complain, never explain’ much like the Queen has in her successful and long reign”. Royal journalist Victoria Murphy states that there are “a lot of parallels between Kate’s personality and the Queen’s personality”. She continued: “None of them are extroverted personalities” “They don’t seek out the limelight” “They both maintain a certain element of mystique in public life”. READ MORE: 'Jamaica will remove Queen once Cambridges gone' Dr Shola's incredible attack on royals Ms Murphy has also stated previously that Kate, similar to that of the Queen, is “self-assured with a love of the outdoors and the ability to compartmentalise.” The royal documentary also highlights Kate’s handling of the press, particularly during a highly-publicised tour of Pakistan in 2019. Narrator David Riley said of the Duchess: “Kate’s stoical attitude towards the press mirrors that of the Queen herself” “It’s felt by many to be the appropriate royal response” READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan's subtle gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' in relationship Kate’s calm nature of handling of the press underlines further to the world how she was growing into her role as Queen in waiting. Royal author Tom Quinn has said that Kate was a safe addition to the Royal family. He said: “Kate has been a perfect [companion] because she’s so calm and stable” DON'T MISS “She’s very calm, very rational. And I think that’s why the royal family feels safe”. The Duchess has become a key support for the Monarch over the past few years, particularly since Megxit and the global pandemic. With the continuous split opinions of Camilla and the exit of Meghan Markle, Kate is prepared to become the main female power force of the Royal Family.