Chris Christie urged Donald Trump to hand over the Republican baton to a younger candidate during an appearance at Harvard University yesterday. The former GOP Governor, who helped the 45th President prepare for election debates by playing Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden, also suggested that while he is now reluctant to support Mr Trump in 2024, he would do so if a "socialist" figure like Bernie Sanders won the Democratic nomination. Speaking to an audience at Harvard about the likes of Mr Trump and his successor Joe Biden standing in 2024, Mr Christie said it is "time for them to let go". He later told Professor David Gergen and Bridget Toomey: "The American system is fabulously frustrating. "You don't get to vote for who you want to vote for, you get to vote for who is left." Christie also suggested Republicans could fare better in electoral contests if they distance themselves from Mr Trump. He explained: "The further they move away from Donald Trump the more willing they [American voters] get to accept Republicans in general. "The smaller Trump's presence, I think, the greater you'll see Republican popularity in a general election electorate increase." JUST IN: Trump breaks silence on Russia-Ukraine war – urges US to send nuclear submarines Christie said in New Hampshire on Monday: "Those words from people of our party who called him [Putin] ‘genius’ and ‘very savvy’ are being replayed over and over again in Russian television to justify and prop up a dictator who is sending his soldiers to slaughter in Ukraine." Despite Mr Christie's comments, Mr Trump continues to storm ahead in 2024 Republican Primary polling. According to pollsters at Harris Poll, the 45th President has the backing of 63 percent of GOP voters. Florida's Ron DeSantis came in a distant second on 11 percent and ex-Vice President Mike Pence found himself in third place on 10 percent. The Harris Poll survey also suggests Mr Trump currently has enough support to make a return to the White House in 2024. The 45th President registered a six-point lead over Mr Biden and opened up a 12 percent gap over Kamala Harris. DON'T MISSGB News: Former aid touts Trump’s record on Russia [NEWS]Expert reveals TRUMP as only leader ‘Putin had respect for' [REVEAL]Former US advisor ‘regretful’ as Trump sees new presidential opponent [SPOTLIGHT] Mr Trump is yet to confirm whether he will stand in 2024. However, speaking to supporters at an 'American Freedom Tour' event in Fort Lauderdale on Saturday, Trump said: "With the support of everyone in this room, we will take back the House, we will take back the Senate and we will take back our country, and then most importantly in 2024, we are going to take back our beautiful White House." He added: "I will be back and we will be better and stronger than ever before." Mr Trump also peddled the unfounded claim the 2020 US Presidential Election was rigged at his rally in Florida. The ex-POTUS is scheduled to hold two more rallies in key swing states in the next few weeks. He has invited supporters to join him in Commerce, Georgia on March 26 and will travel to Washington in Michigan for another rally on April 2.