Russian-born Elena Kiuchonok left flowers outside of the Ukraine embassy after revealing her family are protesting the conflict in Russia. The 51-year-old told Express.co.uk: "I don't believe in military engagement. I'm Russian and I hate the idea that some people may think that all Russians engaged in this." She added that her mother, daughter and two grandchildren are all currently protesting against the conflict. While Bill Henverson, 60, said: "I'm not certain the [UK Government] can do much now. "They should have done more in the past and it's a great shame we found ourselves where we are today because [Putin] is a bully and he should have been stood up to in the past and he wasn't." Heather McDonald, 28, noted: "It's very scary, we certainly need to stop buying their oil. READ MORE: Dad who flew family to Ukraine for ski trip forced to sign up for war "We need to look to greener methods anyway. "We are all afraid, I'm afraid. I've never been through anything like this." "We can't just stand by and watch them stand on." Colin Hull, 61, suggested a registration should be set up to allow Brits to take in Ukrainian refugees who are fleeing the conflict. He said: "We should do a lot for the refugees such as sending money or items. "I would like there to be a registration where people with spare rooms in their homes, can register because it's likely to only get worse." British nationals who are still in Russia have been told they should leave if it is not essential they stay in the country. The Foreign Office updated its advice on Saturday to say Britons should use the remaining commercial routes to flee the nation. DON'T MISS Welsh ex-soldier travels to Ukraine to 'protect lives' [INSIGHT]We must halt Putin's manic reign of terror, says CAROLE MALONE [ANALYSIS]Brexit LIVE: 'Churchill would have been appalled' Adonis' dig at UK [LIVE] A post on the Foreign Office website said: "If your presence in Russia is not essential, we strongly advise that you consider leaving by remaining commercial routes." The department said it may not be possible to fly directly to the UK, or via EU countries, but that travelling via the Middle East or Turkey may be possible. Previously, the advice had been that those outside Russia should not travel to the country. The move points towards a deepening of the crisis engulfing Ukraine, with impacts of sanctions felt in Russia. The Foreign Office pointed towards "the increased volatility in the Russian economy" as one of the reasons Britons should not go to the country.