Rachel Burden stepped in to host BBC Breakfast this morning alongside Roger Johnson. As the pair took to the red sofa, Rachel addressed why Naga Munchetty was absent, telling her to “get well soon.” Rachel shared her excitement to be back presenting on the show with Roger. Sharing a picture of them on Twitter to her 90,000 followers, the broadcaster addressed this. She wrote: “Delighted to be back with this fella on the sofa again this morning. @BBCBreakfast “(Get well soon @TVNaga01 [kissing emoji).”  Naga hasn’t shared what her illness is but fans were quick to respond and send their own messages to the BBC presenter. Rachel Hawkins wrote: “That dress is lush!” Paul Trowell added: “@RogerJ_01 has weeks in peace without selfie. “Within 30 seconds of you returning...click....Have a good show.” (sic)  While Gary Hatt penned: “Good morning Rachel, lovely to see you this morning.” Naga also wasn’t on the show yesterday morning, which she addressed after she was sent a tweet from a troll. Yesterday morning, a Twitter user named Sally called out her interview with Grant Shapps, which didn’t actually happen. They wrote on Twitter: “Just had to turn @TVNaga01 off again, interviewing Grant shappes, then starts the normal childish na,na,na,na let’s blame you, so tiresome.” (sic) DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast [INSIGHT]'We know different!' Cornwall local Fern Britton on Gordon Ramsay jibe [INTERVIEW]'Epidemic of offence' Carol McGiffin laments old days of Loose Women [INSIGHT]   However, Naga then responded to the viewer, pointing out that she was not in fact presenting. Instead, Victoria Derbyshire had been called in to present in her stead. Naga replied in view of her 267,000 followers, urging her to be kind. She penned: “Sally I'm not at work today. “Maybe you should turn off your default setting of hate instead? Have a lovely day.” Many fans praised her classy response to the tweet.  A user named Hypno penned: “Well done Naga, this is how you put trolls in their place.” Guy Nicholls wrote: “Naga ignore all the haters, you are without doubt the best dressed, classiest news lady on tv.” (sic) While user Corrie Corfield added: “Top reply [clapping emoji].” Former BBC Breakfast presenter Susanna Reid also sent her support, replying with a love heart emoji. 