Samsung's all-new Galaxy S22 range has just gone on sale with these devices featuring a more powerful 4nm processor, improved rear camera and even the return of the S Pen stylus. As you can read in our full Galaxy S22 Ultra review, there's plenty to like about Samsung's new flagship but before you hit the buy button you might want to watch out for a rival Android device that's getting big performance at a much cheaper price. Chinese smartphone firm realme, has just announced the launch of its new GT 2 series which the firm is promising will be its most premium flagship to date. This device gets a 6.7-inch AMOLED screen with a speedy 120Hz refresh rate for super-fast scrolling plus there's a triple-lens rear camera with sensors powered by Sony. This snapper features the world’s first 150-degree ultra-wide camera for more expansive shots and a 40x micro-lens camera for improved close-ups. If you're always running low on battery then the GT 2 can refill things from flat to full in just 33 minutes thanks to 65W fast charging. Another bonus of this device is that it comes with the very latest Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor from Qualcomm. This chip brings big performance gains over Qualcomm's previous brains with faster speeds and longer battery life thanks to improved efficiency. So, how much does all this tech cost? realme says its GT 2 will go on sale soon priced at just £599 - that's almost £200 less than the Galaxy S22. If that sounds like too much for your bank balance then don't fret as realme has also announced that it will be launching a model with the older Snapdragon 888 processor which will cost just £399. Along with announcing the GT 2, realme has also revealed another new device called the GT NEO3 which gets some pretty remarkable charging technology. This device can go from fully flat to 50 percent full in just 5 minutes making it the fastest refilling phone in the world. That rapid boost is all thanks to 150W charging - to put that into some perspective, when Apple shipped its iPhones with a power brick it was capable of just 5W charging.