Stanley Tucci is an American actor known for successful films and TV shows such as Devil Wears Prada, The Lovely Bones, ER, and more. Recently, the 61-year-old made headlines not only for his talented acting skills, but for his ability to shake up a tasty cocktail in the kitchen. Stanley Tucci showed fans his cocktail-making skills on Instagram in 2020, shaking and stirring ingredients together to create the perfect Negroni. The video received six million views on Twitter alone. A year later, the actor added another ingredient to the drink, putting his own twist to it. What is it? READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours In April 2020, Stanley demonstrated to fans the simple way to make a Negroni, not forgetting to show them how he personally likes to drink the cocktail. He said: “Mostly people have Negronis on the rocks, but I think they’re quite nice up.” The actor put ice in a shaker, before adding a double shot of gin, a shot of sweet vermouth, and a shot of Campari. He then shook the mixture and put everything in a coupe glass. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Next, he added a slice of orange as garnish, squeezing some of its juice in for extra flavour. Taking a sip of his concoction, Stanley explained: “You can also do it just on ice. Same proportions, on ice, squeeze of orange.” However, in February 2021, the actor shared an updated version of his Negroni during a behind-the-scenes clip of new CNN show Stanley Tucci: Searching for Italy. The show followed Stanley as he explored the various regions of Italy, experiencing the country’s culinary delights. In the clip, Stanley elevated his Negroni with a splash of an unexpected ingredient: balsamic vinegar. Balsamic vinegar hails from the Emilia-Romagna region, located in northern Italy, where the third episode of Searching for Italy was filmed. “The nature of the region's grapes led to the happy accident of balsamic vinegar,” Stanley said. He added: “Low in tannins and quick to ferment, they turn more easily into vinegar than fine wine.” After sampling balsamic vinegar in Modena, Italy, Stanley added the ingredient to his cocktail. “I think it’s really nice,” he said. Again, the actor put two shots of gin in a shaker, before mixing in a shot of sweet vermouth and a shot of Campari. He then added a teaspoon of balsamic vinegar, shook the mixture, and poured the drink into a martini glass.