Vikings: Valhalla has gone down a huge hit on Netflix and the series follows on from the events of the original Amazon Prime Video series. The sequel tells the story of Harald Sigurdsson (played by Leo Suter) and his half-brother Olaf Haraldsson (Jóhannes Haukur Jóhannesson). Olaf was a real historical figure and Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened to him.  Vikings: Valhalla introduced Olaf and Harald as relatives with very different morals and personalities. While Harald was a more reasonable and understanding character, Olaf only cared about his own self-interests. He came into conflict with Freydis Eiríksdóttir (Frida Gustavsson) as he was responsible for abusing her. Throughout the course of the series, he was able to manipulate others into doing what he wanted. He was able to use Jarl Kåre (Asbjørn Krogh Nissen) to split Kattegat's forces in the final battle. READ MORE: Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death However, his luck ran out when he realised King Canute's (Bradley Freegard) army was headed for Kattegat. Unprepared for their attack, his men fleed and he was left alone without support. There were a few real-life Olaf Haraldssons throughout history, including Olaf Haraldsson Geirstadalf. He was the son of King Harald Fairhair of Norway and was born in the year 887. This would have been too early an era for the Vikings Valhalla series. Olaf II Haraldsson was around from 995 until 1030, and he was King of Norway from 1015 until 1028. He died at the Battle of Stiklestad and was posthumously given the title Rex Perpetuus Norvegiae, which means Eternal or Perpetual King of Norway. Olaf III was around from 1050 until 1093 and he was known as Olaf the Peaceful. He was King of Norway from 1067 until his death. He was present at the Battle of Stamford Bridge, which features in the series. DON'T MISS... Vikings Valhalla accuracy: What happened to the real Jarl Haakon? [INSIGHT] Vikings Valhalla ending explained: What happened at the end? [EXPLAINER] Vikings Valhalla season 2: Harald star speaks out Freydis romance [INTERVIEW] The third king was the son of King Harald Hardrada and during his rule, he founded the city of Bergen. King Olaf died following an illness on September 22, 1093. The Netflix character was most likely inspired by Olaf II, whose half-brother was Harald Sigurdsson. His sainthood encouraged the adoption of Christianity by Scandinavia's Vikings. This suggests he may be the one to bring peace to Kattegat in future seasons. In 1026 he lost the Battle of the Helgeå and in 1029 Norwegian nobles supported the invasion of King Cnut the Great of Denmark. This could mean Canute and Olaf go head to head in season two, following on from the Kattegat battle at the end of the first series. The real Olaf was driven into exile in Kievan Rus and he stayed in the Swedish province of Nerike. Olaf was later killed in the Battle of Stiklestad, where some of his own subjects turned against him.  Vikings Valhalla is streaming on Netflix now.