The beleaguered Chancellor came under increasing pressure after sources revealed his four-car fleet just days after he told MPs his family drive an ageing VW Golf. Mr Sunak also borrowed a £12,000 Kia Rio for a photo-op of him filling up at Sainsbury’s in order to publicise the 5p cut in fuel duty that he announced last week. But the sources claim he actually owns several high-end vehicles including a BMW and a top of the range Lexus. Those cars are said to be kept at the family’s home in Santa Monica, California. And that’s aside from a Range Rover which is used at his constituency home in North Yorkshire, according to the Mirror. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists Mr Sunak used £30.01 of his own cash to fill up the Kia for the ill-fated publicity shoot at a Sainsbury’s last week but later admitted the car belonged to a supermarket employee. As MPs questioned the Chancellor over his mini-Budget, which has been accused of failing to provide enough support for struggling families, Mr Sunak told MPs he has a 2019 VW Golf. Treasury select committee member Siobhan McDonagh had asked whether his family had a Kia Rio, to which he replied: “We have a Golf”. The Labour MP then asked if he regularly filled up other people’s cars. “Actually was an employee at Sainsbury’s,” Mr Sunak said. DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] Mr Sunak added: “I’m very grateful to Sainsbury’s for passing on the fuel duty cut very quickly because people’s petrol bills are rising.” However over the past few days it has become clear the petrol stations are not passing the 5p per litre cut on to motorists. The average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts has fallen by just 3.7p per litre, figures from data firm Experian Catalist showed. The average cost for a litre on Sunday was 163.6p, compared with 167.3p last Tuesday. While the average price of diesel fell by 2.4p per litre over the same period, from 179.7p to 177.3p. RAC spokesman Rod Dennis said drivers will be disappointed that prices have failed to come down further since last week’s fuel duty cut. He added: “As duty is charged on the wholesale cost of fuel, it’s the case that some retailers will be waiting for new deliveries in order to buy fuel in at the cheaper rate – meaning drivers will have to wait to see the benefit at the pumps. “What happens to the oil price, and in turn wholesale costs, in the coming days will be crucial. If prices rise, there’s a risk the fuel duty cut will be cancelled out as retailers face higher costs.” Mr Sunak has refused to commit to more support in the Autumn when the cost of living is expected to rise even further. He said he would “act if necessary” on energy bills this autumn and blamed “global forces” for the current crisis. Shadow Treasury Minister James Murray said of Mr Sunak: “He’s got 200,000 Insta followers and four cars but the Chancellor hasn’t got a single clue. “He is out of touch and out of ideas, and it’s families that are paying the price.” Mr Sunak’s spokeswoman declined to comment on the story.