Manchester United have got a slight advantage over Arsenal in the race for the Premier League top four, according to former Tottenham striker Darren Bent. United currently occupy the final Champions League qualification spot in the table. But Arsenal are just two points behind with three games in hand over Ralf Rangnick's side. Arsenal have not qualified for the Champions League since 2016. They have had back-to-back eighth-placed finishes under Mikel Arteta but only a disastrous end to the campaign would see them make it three in a row. United drew 0-0 at home to Watford last time out and recently were held by the likes of Southampton and Burnley. But Arsenal fan Bent believes United's trio of Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba can make the difference come the end of the campaign. TOP STORY: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood  The pundit says the three players bring the X factor that perhaps a youthful Arsenal are missing. "[Arsenal are] really young and inexperienced," Bent said on the Kelly & Wrighty Show. "In a situation like this, this is the first time they would have experienced it. "Going for that top four, trying to get back into the Champions League. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Four signings Man Utd, Arsenal and Liverpool missed out on because of Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face' [INTERVIEW]  "You look at the teams in and around them, you look at the likes of Manchester United, they've just got X factor players. "I'm not saying Arsenal haven't, they've got really good youngsters, but Bruno Fernandes, Pogba, you're talking about players who have won World Cups, Ronaldo, arguably the greatest goalscorer we've ever seen. "It just takes a little bit of magic and bang, they win a game. "That's where Manchester United, maybe, have got the slight edge. "But the collective unit and what Arsenal are doing with their youngsters and the no fear factor that they're playing with, they've given themselves a great opportunity."  Bent also believes former club Tottenham will be in with a shout of finishing in the top four. Though he reckons it will be one step too far for West Ham. "Inconsistencies again you'd have to say with Tottenham," Bent continued. "But again look at their team, they've got players in their squad - [Harry] Kane, [Heung-min] Son, even Lucas Moura we see in big moments produce something special. So they're going to be in the mix for sure. "The one team I would worry about maybe falling completely out of that would be West Ham. I think it might be a bit too much for them." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 