Arsenal are understood to have asked for information on Raphinha ahead of the summer transfer window. The talented, eye-catching attacker, who has dazzled once again at Elland Road this season for Leeds, could be on the move at the end of the campaign as a number of Europe's biggest clubs continue to circle. Barcelona are said to have opened the bidding for Raphinha, tabling an offer worth around £29million. But Leeds will not entertain a sale at that price which falls way short of their valuation. Barca president Joan Laporta has already confirmed the Spanish giants are interested in a deal for the Brazilian as they continue to discuss a transfer with his agent Deco. Nonetheless, it appears Barcelona are not the only club in contention for his signature. READ MORE: Sadio Mane sends Senegal to World Cup as Liverpool team-mate Mo Salah skies penalty Chelsea, Liverpool and Bayern Munich have also been strongly linked, yet it appears Arsenal are also in the fray. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has now confirmed their interest but Raphinha is not the only winger on their attacking shortlist... He said on the Here We Go Podcast: “I can tell you that Arsenal also ask for information about Raphinha of Leeds. "So [Cody] Gakpo is a player they are following but also Raphinha is a player they like. But it’s really complicated because Barcelona are leading the race.” DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt PSV Eindhoven winger Gakpo has been one of the best wide players in the Eredivisie this season. Raphinha is one of the hottest properties in Europe though and the Gunners are showing huge ambition by throwing their hat into the ring. Leeds sporting director Victor Orta has now moved to provide some clarity on the 25-year-old's 'release clauses' following alleged inaccurate reports. He told Radio Marca: “Fortunately, Raphinha’s career-management is led by a top-level player – Deco. He knows how to handle it. I have had several conversations with Deco. He helps, Deco, there are others who don’t, Deco has helped. “Deco knows that the goal of the player is to save the team and stay in the Premier League. Everything that is of the future will come. “Raphinha has no clause if we stay in the Premier League, by the way. In that sense, the player and I have looked each other in the face and we have now said there is only one goal – that is to save Leeds United.” He later hinted that Leeds could be forced to accept the player may want to move on, adding: "The player walked through the door of Leeds United and I said, ‘You will invite me to the World Cup in Qatar, won’t you?’, and he was left with a foolish face, he didn’t believe it.” “And now we have been meeting those objectives. Now he knows that Leeds and the coaching staff have helped his image grow, and he has responded to us with a lot of quality and being a difference-maker in the league. “He has to remain the same and then when summer arrives, when the time comes, there will be time for everything.”