Barcelona and Real Madrid broke the women's football attendance record on Wednesday as 91,553 excited Nou Camp spectactors were in attendance to watch a thrilling contest unfold. Having taken control in the first leg, La Blaugrana stormed to a resounding 5-2 triumph on home turf to book their spot in the UEFA Women's Champions League semi finals. The previous record attendance for a women's club fixture stood at 61,000 when Atletico Madrid hosted Barca at the Wanda Metropolitano in 2019. The 1999 Women's World Cup final also boasted a whopping attendance of 90,000, but both were wiped out by an historic evening at the Nou Camp. At one point, Real Madrid went 2-1 up in the second-leg tie before the hosts came roaring back in the second half. Goals from Aitana Bonmati, Caroline Graham Hansen, Claudia Pina and Alexia Putellas restored Barcelona's sizable advantage, the latter two adding to goals they had already bagged in the first leg. An 8-3 aggregate victory over their bitter El Clasico rivals sent Barca through to the Champions League last four in front of a packed out crowd. JUST IN: Jordan Henderson baffled as he slams England fans who booed Man Utd's Harry Maguire  Just under 100,000 tickets were purchased for Wednesday's clash, a complete sell-out, but those gunning for the attendance record were left concerned the day before the game that bad weather could negatively impact the final turnout. A huge number braved the rain in Catalonia regardless to add extra magic to an already-special occasion. Their semi-final opponents are yet to be decided, with Bayern Munich and PSG set to battle it out on Wednesday. Lyon vs Juventus and Arsenal vs Wolfsburg will get underway on Thursday to complete the Women's Champions League quarter-final second-leg ties.  Barca will take some stopping, though. Earlier this month they were crowned La Liga champions with seven games to spare and, of course, they boast the reigning Ballon d'Or winner in Putellas. Incredibly, Wednesday's triumph was their 42nd consecutive win in all competitions, and they have now toppled Madrid three times in the same month. Boss of the men's team, Xavi, has heaped praise on FC Barcelona Femeni and labelled them an 'example' for his players to follow.   "For several years they have been showing us the way with how they play, how they compete and the hunger they have despite winning everything last year," he said, "We have been watching them and it's a wonder to see them play. "They are leading the way in the same way as the Dream Team did in their day or as Pep's Barca side did later. They are an example for the men's team." 