Kate Henderson, Duty Manager at Daffodil Hotel, shared her top tips for making a house "five-star hotel clean". Focusing on the bed linen, the cleaning expert shared a very effective hack to remove stubborn wrinkles without touching an iron. Kate shared how to "relax any unwanted wrinkles with some fragranced water". She explained: "Simply spritz your water (plain old tap water) on your almost-made bed (keep the corners sticking out) and spray and shake your sheet or duvet until smooth and wrinkle-free." People can use regular tap water but an alternative wrinkle spray can also be made with four household items for even better results. You will need: An empty spray bottle One cup of water One teaspoon of fabric softener One teaspoon of rubbing alcohol READ MORE: Get rid of ‘pesky weeds’ using cupboard essentials  Simply combine your water, fabric softener, and rubbing alcohol in the empty spray bottle. Give the bottle a shake making sure the ingredients are mixed together. After, spray it directly onto the sheets. You should notice wrinkles disappearing instantly, and the fabric softener leaving behind a lovely smell. Kate said pillows are also "crucial when making your bed" and shared a trick to make these look nicer for an aesthetically pleasant bed.  "Many pillowcases will be too big for the pillows, so be sure to envelop your pillowcases and make them fit nice and neatly. This is very simple: "Push the excess material inside the pillowcase from the opening. "Grab the other side and envelope the remaining case inside to form a neat envelope shape. "If possible, add two pillows into any one pillowcase for added plump. "To finish your bed, be sure to lay a folded throw on the bottom and give a final spritz of fragranced water. For an added hotel touch, treat yourself with a chocolate on the pillow as a cheeky before-bed snack," she recommended. The cleaning expert also shared some simple cleaning tips to make the house look like a five-star hotel - and it's all about the small details. She explained: "When it comes to general cleaning around the house, to recreate the five-star hotel housekeeping effect, be sure to focus on mirrors (anything reflective), floor and windows. These three factors can make a whole world of difference. "For an easy option, use watered down vinegar or lemon spray on your mirrors and tiles (something acidic), spray this everywhere, then wash down with water, wipe away. Then as a final step, be sure to use a cotton or microfibre cloth to buff in a circular motion to avoid any streaks." Kate continued: "The floor can often be overlooked at home - a quick hoover won't suffice. Your vacuum is your best friend when it comes to luxury housekeeping. If you have carpet, stay in specific lines, as if you are mowing the lawn. You wouldn't want to see streaks on your carpet. Be sure to vacuum your sofa, chairs, cushions, rugs and even any blinds and such. "Vacuum key areas twice," she said. "Forget the old trick of starting at the furthest corner of the room and vacuuming your way out, instead vacuum as you enter the room and vacuum as you exit, that way you hit the high traffic spots twice. "Finally, to really give you that extra immaculate look - wipe down your taps after cleaning them. Shiny features can really take a bathroom from clean to immaculate and therefore wiping down freshly cleaned taps and shower heads with rubbing alcohol will help you achieve this look and prevent future fingerprints and marks,” Kate recommended.