Stars have been reacting to the tense stand-off between Chris Rock and Will Smith at the Oscars 2022. After a joke, Will hit Chris, warning him to not speak of his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. After it aired on live TV, many were left wondering if it was a skit or real. While presenting an award, Chris made a joke to Jada that he was looking forward to seeing “GI Jane 2”. In reaction, Jada visibly rolled her eyes before Will took to the stage. He slapped Chris in the face in what some fans thought was a skit. The comedian said: “Oh wow, wow, Will Smith just smashed the s*** out of me.” From the audience, Will could be heard saying: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Chris later said to the star that it was just a “joke”. Piers Morgan tweeted after the moment aired: “What just happened between Chris Rock & Will Smith????? “That looked real…”  Motsi Mabuse tweeted: "No excuse will smith !! No excuse !! (sic) "We actually stayed up to see you win !!!!! Nothing justifies that !! Chris rock bad taste !!! You let us all down !!!" Gary Lineker quipped: “Will Smith should play Muhammad Ali in a movie.” Fans also reacted to the moment, wondering what had actually happened. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [PICTURES]  User syd_tha_kid93 tweeted: “Waaaaaiiiittt did Will Smith and Chris Rock really just get into it!?!?! (sic) “I thought that was scripted or my tv was broken.”  Viewer Kelly Stewart tweeted: “Will Smith just slapped Chris Rock at the Oscars and Rock appeared stunned. “If that was scripted, Rock deserves the Oscar.” Another fan named Crisgalea added: “What just happened? Was that real? “Did will Smith really swing a punch at Chris rock??” (sic)  Chris had been presenting the award for Best Documentary Feature at the awards. This went to Questlove's Summer of Soul, who took to the stage for an emotional speech.