Aldi shoppers can bag a bargain most days in store, but for those looking to beat the competition, a managing director from the supermarket chain has revealed brand new insight about how to shop the middle aisle, as well as sharing the best time to shop a secret sale. Shop Aldi Specialbuys here. The budget supermarket is widely known for its Specialbuys products ranging from clothes to hot tubs. Now one of its managing directors has let shoppers in on how to snap up the best deals and be the first to get at the latest releases. Julie Ashfield, Managing Director of Buying at Aldi shared the “most surprising Specialbuys” the brand has sold. She said: “That’s the beauty of Specialbuys they have the ability to really surprise customers. READ MORE: Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl “When we first sold a kayak or gym equipment or skiing gear it was really extraordinary – now, shoppers expect to see these items in store.” Specialbuys usually sell out in rapid time, so for any s hoppers wondering how they can be one of the first to bag a bargain, Julie explained: “Traditionally Specialbuys are found in the middle aisle of Aldi on Thursday and Sunday. “But my top tip is to pre-order products online – that way shoppers can get their hands on the very latest Specialbuys before their on sale date.” Julie also mentioned a “secret sale” for Specialbuys. DON'T MISS...‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ [BODY LANGUAGE]Michael Mosley: 'Time restricted eating can make weight loss easier' [PODCAST]Star signs: Aries urged to ‘stand back’ and assess relationship [INSIGHT] She said: “Our legendary Aldi Specialbuys are always in demand and often sell out quickly. “Something a lot of shoppers don’t know is that we have a ‘Secret Sale’ section on our website where they can find Specialbuys that are no longer on sale in stores – and they’re normally even cheaper too.” Julie also revealed some of the most unusual items she has put into stores to be sold. “Five of the quirkiest I think are the Cat Hanging Egg Chair – a special pet version of our popular Hanging Egg Chair, horse riding lessons – when we first launched our equestrian range we also sold lessons and hoverboards – smart tech at an amazingly low price." 3D printers and LED face/eye masks were also on Julie’s list. Julie also shared the most expensive Specialbuy Aldi has ever sold. “The most expensive Specialbuy ever was a mini motorised dumper truck: Scheppach Dumper, which cost £999.99. We’ve had some others,” she commented. “Specialbuys on sale that are up in a similar price range though, including gaming desktops and PCs. “We also sold a thermal imager for £899.99 and e-bikes for £699.99.” As for what the most popular Specialbuy is, Julie revealed: “The most requested Specialbuy ever was the outdoor log burner from 2019. “It’s been so popular that Aldi listened to customers and brought the outdoor log burner back to stores again this year. “Our very own Kevin the Carrot also continues to be one of our biggest hits with shoppers. “Last year, on the day of launch, we saw over 75,000 people queue online to get their hands on the new toys.” As for what the most popular Specialbuy is, Julie revealed: “The most requested Specialbuy ever was the outdoor log burner from 2019. “It’s been so popular that Aldi listened to customers and brought the outdoor log burner back to stores again this year. “Our very own Kevin the Carrot also continues to be one of our biggest hits with shoppers. “Last year, on the day of launch, we saw over 75,000 people queue online to get their hands on the new toys.” Shop Aldi Specialbuys here.