Keith Richards, 78, has spoken up about his health after a years-long attempt to quit smoking. The Rolling Stone said that he has replaced smoking with nicotine patches. The guitarist said  he doesn’t “think much about [smoking] anymore.” He added that it doesn’t make him feel good and he doesn’t miss cigarettes. Keith admitted kicking the habit has drastically changed how he performs live, such as on the band’s tour last August. He told CMS Magazine yesterday that he stopped smoking after 55 years with the help of nicotine patches. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? The rocker said: “It's funny, I don't think about it much anymore “Sometimes, you know, a bell rings and something inside says, 'Hey pal, enough.' “I just put the hammer on it," he said. "Luckily, I don't miss it, and that makes me feel good. Until I started rehearsing for the tour last August. “Then I realised that I had 10 times more wind.” On the WTF podcast with Marc Maron, he said he had “a lot more air in the lungs and in the voice, more stamina". The rockstar added that quitting is better than “the alternative". The British star has long been known for his extreme rock’n’roll lifestyle. DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] He openly kicked his heroin habit in 1978 and stopped doing cocaine in 2006. In 2018, he spoke to Rolling Stone about how he had stopped drinking and would only occasionally drink beer or wine. In August last year, former bandmate Charlie Watts died at age 80 from an undisclosed illness. Keith also spoke about Charlie, explaining that the late drummer had been “trying to keep the illness under wraps for a while”. He added that it “came as a shock". “He just got hit with a double whammy. Bless his soul,” Keith explained. Steve Jordan will take the place of Charlie Watts this summer as the band tour for their 60th anniversary. Keith said that Charlie would have been in full support of the decision.