Universal Credit claimants are entitled to “social tariffs” via broadband providers which offer them sizable discounts on their overall bills. Official figures suggest that 4.6 million households who claim the benefit payment from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) are entitled to this support. Despite this, just 1.2 percent of DWP claimants who are entitled to this support are receiving it. Media regulator Ofcom is calling on broadband providers to advertise their social tariff discounts more often in a bid to support the country’s most vulnerable households. Research by Ofcom uncovered that around 1.1 million households are finding it difficult to afford their broadband. This comes as the cost of living increases exponentially as a result of the hikes in energy bills and inflation. As well as Universal Credit, people who claim Income Support, Jobseeker’s Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance and Pension Credit from the DWP are also entitled to this reduction. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Different broadband providers offer alternative social tariff rates, with the most someone can save being £144 on their bill. BT, Virgin Media and Vodfafone are among the companies with special deals in place those in receipt of Universal Credit and other qualifying benefits. For example, BT offers a near-half-price fibre broadband deal that benefits millions of benefit claimants at £15 a month. At a similar price, Virgin Media offers low income consumers a no fixed-term rate and no changes to monthly payments while they receive Universal Credit. DON'T MISS Furthermore, Vodafone offers two broadband packages for customers that are within Ofcom’s £10-£20 ‘social tariff’ threshold. Marc Allera, the CEO of BT's Consumer Division, explained: “BT's purpose of Connecting for Good is at the heart of all we do, and a huge part of that is going above and beyond to support people who need it most. “That's why we're launching BT Home Essentials, our low-cost fibre package that will now include all customers on Universal Credit, to provide a potential 4.6 million families across the UK with half-price fibre broadband and calls. "BT Home Essentials will be available at half the price of our standard fibre package because fast, reliable connectivity to access vital online services – and keep in touch with loved ones – is more important than ever. “It is a big step towards creating the connected, digitally inclusive UK we all want to see.” A Vodafone UK spokesperson said: “Vodafone’s broadband is priced below Ofcom's threshold of a 'social tariff' - at £18 for Superfast 1 and £19 for Superfast. “We also don't require customers to meet any specific criteria to get these great prices; our plans are available to all families.” In a statement, Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's Network and Communications Group Director, emphasised the importance of social tariffs being made readily available for Universal Credit claimants. Ms Fussell added: “Phone and broadband are vital to our lives, but many households’ budgets are being seriously squeezed. “So it’s crucial that people who are struggling to afford their bills get the support they need. “We’ve set out clear expectations on the steps providers should take, and we’ll be keeping a close eye on firms to make sure they’re treating customers fairly.”