Young, Famous and African will be released on Friday, March 18, giving subscribers a taste of the high life in Johannesburg, South Africa. The Netflix reality series will be made up of eight episodes which are going to be released in one go on the streaming service. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of Young, Famous and African. Leading the cast of Young, Famous and African is actress Khanyi Mbau who is a well-known face in the world of South African entertainment. She originally rose to fame in 2004 when she starred in SABC 1 soap opera Mzansi as the character Mbali. Mbau has been the host of entertainment show The Scoop and BET Africa's The Big Secret since 2018. The 36-year-old also plays Tshidi on Mzansi Magic's Abomama. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Starring alongside Mbau on the Netflix reality series is popular musician Diamond Platnumz. He is described as a "Tanzanian bongo flava recording artist, dancer and philanthropist". In a statement for the show, Diamond admitted that he often shows his softer side when he's in a relationship. He said: "I think I’m too romantic. The way I treat my lady it’s as if she is my wife." Annie is a Nigerian model, actress and presenter who is married to musician 2Baba. He is also a record producer and entrepreneur who was the first winner of MTV Europe's Best African Act Award in 2015. In 2009, Annie was nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the Best of Nollywood Awards. These stars are a major power couple who also share two young daughters. DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin slams Prince Harry over safety woes 'Why's he special?' [ROYAL]TV licence: Britons advised how to avoid inspector visits [EXPLAINER]Love Is Blind’s Shake confirms new romance ‘Don’t settle’ [CAST] Zimbabwean rapper Nadia Nakai is another star of Young, Famous and African. She made her first-ever TV appearance on the e.tv hip hop show Shiz Niz where she won the Mixtape 101 competition. Nadia released her debut album, Nadia Naked, in 2019 and has fronted several TV shows. Nadia also studied Marketing, Communication, and Media Studies at Monash University, Johannesburg. Naked DJ, whose real name is Quinton Mansina, was previously married to Real Housewives of Johannesburg star Naledi Willer. He is now in a relationship with footballer Kayleigh Schwark who is 13 years younger than him. Other cast members include: Kayleigh Schwark 2Baba Kudzai Mushonga Zari the Boss Lady Swanky Jerry Andile Ncube Young, Famous and African premieres on Friday, March 18, on Netflix.