 BBC soap fans recently saw serial killer Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) finally get his comeuppance on EastEnders. The murderer attempted to escape police in Albert Square, but was eventually caught and arrested. However, he’s not the only Walford resident who could be heading for jail. Kheerat Panesar’s (Jaz Deol) future is uncertain after his showdown with Gray. The police recently caught up with him after the assault and according to official soap spoilers, Kheerat is considering pleading guilty. Could Kheerat’s life be on the line if he ends up in prison with Gray?    In upcoming scenes on EastEnders, Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) and Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero) find out from Kheerat’s lawyer that he will plead guilty. Unhappy with her son’s decision, Suki begs the lawyer to find another way. Desperate to help Kheerat, Dotty later asks Sonia Fowler (Natalie Cassidy) for money. After Dotty pleads with her, Sonia eventually agrees to lend her some money. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?    Putting the money to good use, Dotty soon approaches Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) for help. Eve’s left stunned when Dotty asks her for legal advice about Kheerat’s case. As she begins delving into the case, Eve quickly makes a worrying discovery about Kheerat’s lawyer. However, considering their ongoing feud, will Suki agree to accept Eve’s help?    Later in the week, Suki grows increasingly nervous as Kheerat’s hearing draws near. As she worries about the potential outcome of the hearing, Suki takes it out on Eve. Later on, Suki anxiously waits for news of Kheerat's fate. Will her son plead guilty or decide to fight his case at a trial? DON'T MISS...Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan details ‘crazy’ wardrobe malfunction [MUST SEE]The Queen unveiled to be ‘a big fan’ of Last of the Summer Wine [INSIGHT]When is Starstruck back on TV? [UPDATE]   If Kheerat pleads guilty or is found guilty at trial he could soon be locked up in the same prison as Gray. EastEnders fans have been sharing their thoughts about the dramatic storyline on Twitter. Many suspect some drama could unfold between Gray and Kheerat in prison. “With Gray, Phil & Kheerat in prison could we not have some prison scenes #Eastenders," @sadlerfiona21 commented. (sic)    "#EastEnders so i’m guessing both Kheerat and Gray are going to meet in prison or something ridiculous like that,” @S87879397 predicted. (sic) Gray will likely want to take revenge on Kheerat if they cross paths once more. Could the villainous serial killer attempt to murder Kheerat in prison? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 