Or the six-year-old girl whose bloodied mother was pictured outside an ambulance clutching the child's pink hat, as a distraught doctor said "show this to Putin". Russia's president likes to pose as a hard man, but his troops are increasingly bombing civilians in their desperation to speed up a faltering invasion. He likes to boast of his mighty army but they've made surprisingly slow progress in what was expected to be an overwhelmingly swift blitzkrieg.  Under the delusion they'd be seen as liberators by Russians in Ukraine, they've been shocked by the level of resistance from the Ukrainian army. Let down by their own poor logistics, Russian tanks have run out of petrol and the invaders have been getting lost while Ukrainian drones pick them off. Facing the humiliation of a botched invasion, this is when Putin is at his most dangerous. He is no doubt ordering his generals to raise the level of bombardments on civilian targets to dent their morale. But as with the London blitz, such an abhorrent assault on soft targets only increases the sense of outrage felt by citizens huddled in shelters. Hardly a way to win over a nation to the benefits of Russian rule. Every child killed by Putin is another reason to defy Russian tyranny if and when they bludgeon their way into Kyiv. In contrast, Ukrainians are creating legends of heroism. From the marines who said "Russian warship, go f*** yourself", to defiant President Volodymyr Zelensky, staying in the capital despite being the main target of Russian assassins. It has been inspiring to see Ukrainians putting our military assistance to good effect. "God save the Queen!" said a Ukrainian soldier last week, using a British anti-tank weapon to destroy a Russian armoured vehicle. The lionhearted defenders of Ukraine must be supplied with the best weapons we can provide. It is welcome news that Germany has finally realised the extent of Russia's threat to Europe and is raising its defence expenditure to the required two per cent of GDP and also sending anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons to Ukraine. With Russian casualties mounting, chilling reports suggest mobile incinerators are being used to dispose of the dead rather than send them back in body-bags. Russian mothers mourning sons lost in Putin's attack on Georgia in 2008 are said to have dented domestic support for his war. Many Russian conscripts have no idea why they are in Ukraine and are reluctant to fight their Slavic cousins. Putin's imperialistic vanity comes at a very high price for his own citizens as Western economic sanctions bite hard, forcing them to queue outside banks to access their life savings as the rouble plunges in value and interest rates double. "There are no dollars, no roubles - nothing!" said one Muscovite this week. "I don't know what to do next. I am afraid we are turning into North Korea or Iran right now." Despite state-run news outlets spouting propaganda, social media is distributing the truth and some brave Russians are making their discontent clear. Thousands of anti-war protestors have taken to the streets, risking imprisonment. This can only grow and despite vicious repression, it only takes one angry citizen to fire a vengeful shot at Putin to put an end to his murderous reign. That is the way most tyrants go. Think of Mussolini strung up from an Italian gas-station roof, Hitler shooting himself in a bunker, Saddam Hussein captured in a pit and hanged, Muammar Gaddafi trapped and shot like a rat in a pipe. The higher the cost of Putin's military action, the more enemies he creates within his own ranks and abroad. Images of Ukrainian children killed by his own troops can only demean the reputation of his country and himself around the world. But a cornered man is very dangerous and Putin does have his finger on weapons of mass destruction both on the battlefield and internationally. As his military competence is impugned, that would be his final dreadful legacy. It is only to be hoped that he will wish to limit the damage to his country's reputation by entering into ceasefire talks promptly and realistically. That way, no more children need be sacrificed to his imperial pride and to Russia's eternal shame. 'Abhorrent assaults on soft targets only increase the sense of outrage'