Louise Minchin has a history of news presenting on the channel, while her BBC Breakfast co-host Carol Kirkwood presents the weather. Louise took to Twitter today to show support for her colleague as she teased plans for a new book project away from the broadcaster. "Here's a clue!" weather girl Carol teased, releasing an image of herself holding a copy of her forthcoming novel, The Hotel On The Riviera. The title comes hot on the heels of the star's previous title Under A Greek Moon, which the synopsis has labelled "the perfect escapist read". Carol is already a Sunday Times bestselling author, but, naturally, that didn't stop Louise, who left BBC Breakfast last year, from offering her encouragement. "Whoop, whoop, how exciting!" she tweeted in reply. READ NOW: BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint When creating the theme for the book, Carol may have taken her inspiration from her own childhood, as her parents owned a hotel in a Scottish village. She had grown up in a house "just down the road" from the Morar hotel, which she previously revealed to former colleague Bill Turnbull on the Paws and Claws podcast. "We used to go up there every single day with mum or dad," she reminisced of her rural childhood. "In the highlands, we only had one shop, it was tiny in those days," she elaborated, adding: "[although] it is different now. "It was a very free and easy childhood." Now it looks as though Carol is creating another escapist novel, but the hotel where it is set, on the balmy French Riviera, looks likely to be considerably warmer than the one her parents owned. Louise's message of praise on her Twitter account, which was also accompanied by congratulatory messages from other BBC stars, including Dan Walker, would not have been unexpected for fans of the show. The two struck up a good relationship during their time on TV, and Carol posted a warm and affectionate message from her pal when she heard she would be leaving her BBC role last year. DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE]  Carol appeared devastated at the loss of her friend, who worked her final day in September 2021, before joining the cast of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!. "Oh @louiseminchin," she had written at the time, punctuating her sorrow with a crying emoji. "Going to miss you GG… we have worked together since the early days of News24." However ,Carol had no intention of holding her friend back from pursuing new projects after a 20-year stint on the BBC Breakfast sofa, as Louise revealed in a press conference prior to entering the I'm A Celeb castle. "Carol said to me, 'Why not go for it? You only live once, just go in there and enjoy it!'" she recalled, "and I think that’s the thing to do. I mean, how could you not?" "The biggest advice [was]... just to go and enjoy an experience that I’ve never had before." Louise has had a tense time recently, as the stalker who tormented her and her daughter has now been jailed. While recovering from her experience, she has kept up her social media presence, having today used it to support Carol.