Ajax manager Erik ten Hag has demanded more influence at the club to snub Manchester United's interest this summer. Ten Hag is one of the frontrunners to become permanent United boss in July as Ajax's hopes of retaining him continue to fade. After sacking Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, the Red Devils appointed Ralf Rangnick as interim boss until the end of the season. But Rangnick will enter a two-year consultancy role at Old Trafford once his spell in the dugout ends, paving the way for the club's fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson to enter the hot seat. Ten Hag joins Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino and Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti as those most recently linked to the job. And judging by recent reports from the Netherlands, the 52-year-old Dutchman has conditions to stay in Amsterdam beyond the summer. JUST IN: Wladimir Klitschko sends impassioned message to Premier League fans AD's Etienne Verhoeff claims Ten Hag is at a crossroads and will want the freedom to rebuild again at Ajax, should he stay. His interest in an Old Trafford switch is unknown, but it could be dependent on what Ajax can offer him. He told the AD Football Podcast: "If Ten Hag stays, he will have to rebuild. Considering Rensch's play in recent weeks, I think they will look for a new right back. They need a left-back. "A replacement for Gravenberch. An extra striker. Rebuilding Ajax will take a year or two. If he wants to do that, he will want more say in the buying policy." READ MORE: Sancho details his strengths suggesting Man Utd may need new signings Ten Hag's emergence as a top contender to become United manager this summer comes as no surprise. He has shown an ability to develop younger talent into stars, which aligns with the Red Devils' history of promoting youth - most recently Swedish winger Anthony Elanga. Ten Hag has also successfully rebuilt squads after having his best players lured away by European giants, and the job at Old Trafford is one of the most extensive rebuilds possible. With Liverpool and Manchester City continuing their era of dominance domestically and in Europe, United's next appointment is critical. The club needs a manager to come in and spearhead a revolution throughout the coming years. And the importance of the decision is likely why United football director John Murtough's process has been so thorough.