Since then, things have changed a great deal. Since then the UK has been through two more national lockdowns, thousands have passed away from the virus, a vaccine has been introduced effectively, and the UK has become increasingly familiar with the term, Long Covid. A person who suffers from Long Covid is someone who experiences the symptoms of Covid over a long period of time, normally more than 12 weeks. Long Covid can be difficult to treat as the symptoms can be different from person to person and the fact there is no cure for Long Covid at this time. READ MORE: Stroke: ‘Serious mental illnesses’ tied to higher risk  Long Covid too, can vary in its severity. For some it can be mild symptoms that come and go; for others Long Covid has been devastating, leaving them unable to work or move more than a few feet. Now a new study from Denmark has identified that Long Covid may have a few unique symptoms that set it apart from other illnesses. These symptoms are difficulty concentrating, sleep issues, and physical exhaustion.  Conducted by Denmark’s State Serum Institute, the aim of the project was to look into how often people suffer from issues relating to Long Covid. The individuals were asked to mention which symptoms they were suffering up to three months after infection. Difficulty concentrating, sleep issues, and physical exhaustion were the three main symptoms raised. Long Covid awareness has been rising in the UK recently, a recent ONS report showed that over one and a half million people currently live with the condition nationwide. Furthermore, there has been greater awareness of Long Covid through Derek Draper, the husband of journalist Kate Garraway, who has produced two documentaries on Derek’s battle with Long Covid since he was infected in 2020. The rise in the number of people suffering from or living with Long Covid comes weeks after the UK lifted the last of its Covid restrictions. As well as lifting the requirement to wear a mask, the legal requirement to self-isolate if a person tests positive was also lifted. This has drawn criticism from scientists who have said there is no evidence for the decision to lift the restrictions now. Meanwhile, another report from the ONS has shown that Covid infections are rising across the UK with up to one in 25 people now infected with the virus. In Scotland, the number is one in 18. Scientists believe that a sub-variant of Omicron, BA.2, is now the dominant variant. In recent days another variant, Deltacron, has been discovered; whether this sends the UK back towards restrictions is yet to be seen.