China had initially tried to hold a neutral position over the ongoing war in Ukraine, even suggesting it could act as a meditator between Moscow and Kyiv. However, an analysis from CNN suggests that Chinese state TV and social media shows Beijing has "parroted" Russian talking points about its war campaign. China took it a step further this week when a government official even publicly backed and repeated a false Russian conspiracy theory about the existence of US-funded biological weapons in Ukraine. After scanning thousands of posts on Chinese social media and hours of broadcast news, CNN revealed Beijing had ignored the "fierce resistance and growing suffering in war-torn Ukraine". CNN's David Culver said: "China's national broadcaster CCTV looking increasingly like Russian state TV. "Its anchors are parroting the Kremlin, calling the invasion of Ukraine a special military operation. "Publicly, Beijing stresses its impartiality in the conflict but coverage on its strictly controlled state media tells a different story." JUST IN: Putin backed into corner as Russia 'returns to Plan A' Speaking from Beijing, Mr Culver continued: "China has largely adopted Russia's talking points, helping the Kremlin spread its version of the bloody war both here and beyond." On Tuesday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Zhao Lijian backed Russian claims that the US was funding bio-weapons labs in Ukraine to study the Black Death, anthrax and rabbit fever. He said: "US biolabs in Ukraine has indeed attracted much attention recently." On Sunday, Chinese state broadcaster CGTN published a report by Russia's Defense Ministry claiming that they had found evidence of attempts by Ukraine to destroy traces of bioweapons. This included "lethal pathogens" allegedly used as part of a "military biological program financed by the US Department of Defense in Ukraine". However, the Defence Ministry did not publish any evidence related supporting this claim. Press Secretary Jen Psaki criticised the claims as "preposterous propaganda". Britain and the US both fear that Russia could be raising the issue as a means of setting the stage to use its own chemical weapon in Ukraine. Ms Psaki tweeted: “Now that Russia has made these false claims, and China has seemingly endorsed this propaganda, we should all be on the lookout for Russia to possibly use chemical or biological weapons in Ukraine, or to create a false flag operation using them." DON'T MISS: Russia 'doesn't understand trouble it's in' as Ukraine secures weapons [VIDEO]Readers torn between upholding Brexit checks and supporting Ukraine [POLL]Ukraine LIVE: New satellite images show Putin's death convoy close in [LIVE BLOG] Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky condemned the Russian claim that Ukraine was preparing to use chemical or biological weapons. He said today: "Allegedly, we are preparing a chemical attack. "This makes me really worried because we’ve been repeatedly convinced: if you want to know Russia’s plans, look at what Russia accuses others of.” Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba likewise tweeted: "The manic obsession with which various Russian officials fantasise about non-existent biological or chemical weapons or hazards in Ukraine is deeply troubling and may actually point at Russia preparing another horrific false flag operation." The UN Security Council will convene later today at Russia’s request to discuss Moscow’s claims of US biological activities in Ukraine.