But its most poignant moment came not during the main part of the ceremony, but when it started. As the walls of the ancient building echoed to the Household Cavalry's trumpeters, resplendent in gold uniforms, Her Majesty the Queen could be seen walking to her seat, a stick in one hand, the arm of her son the Duke of York in the other. Even with her frailty and mobility problems at the age of 95, she was determined to honour the memory of her beloved husband, to whom she was married 73 years. After an absence of several months from public life because of poor health, this was a sight to lift the hearts of the nation. No member of the congregation or TV viewer could fail to have been moved by her effort to lead the thanksgiving for her departed companion, "my strength and stay" as she put it on their Golden Wedding anniversary in 1997. It was a brave act of devotion made all the more touching by the tears that welled in her eyes, especially when it closed with one of Prince Philip's favourite hymns, that stirring Welsh anthem Guide Me Oh Thou Great Redeemer. The Queen's defiant resolve was a reflection not only of her profound love for Philip, but also of the deep sense of duty that has animated her entire life, which is precisely why the British monarchy has flourished during her long, record-breaking reign. That same spirit of dedication and self-sacrifice infused Prince Philip's character. Speaking of the enforced end of his naval career when his wife became Queen in 1952, he said, "It seemed to me that my first duty was to serve her in the best way I could." He lived up to those words throughout his long decades as consort. Her Majesty's presence in the Abbey yesterday was the most powerful expression of her devotion, but there were many other symbols of their bond. One was the use in the flower arrangements of orchids, which also featured in their wedding bouquets in 1947. Another was how the Queen, the Princess Royal and the Duchess of Cornwall all wore green, the Duke of Edinburgh's livery colour. The Queen also put on the distinctive scarab brooch that the Duke gave to her in 1966 and which she has always cherished as an emblem of their commitment to each other.  It has been suggested by Gyles Brandreth, the Duke of Edinburgh's biographer, that March 29 was chosen for the memorial service because this was the date on which Prince Philip, a naval officer in the Second World War, was mentioned in the dispatches for his role aboard the HMS Valiant in the Battle of Cape Matapan during the fight for Crete in 1941, when his control of his ship's searchlights helped to inflict severe damage on the enemy. This was a very different event to the Duke's funeral last year at St George's Chapel at Windsor, which took place in the midst of the pandemic and was distinguished by its spartan dignity, epitomised by the masked Queen sitting on her own. Only 30 guests attended the funeral, nearly all close relatives. But yesterday there were 1,800 people in the Abbey. There were representatives of Prince Philip's charities as well as politicians and foreign royals including the Queen of Denmark, the King of Spain and the Prince of Bahrain.The most notable absentee was Prince Harry, who, despite his rapport with the late Duke, decided he could not take time off from cherishing his grievances. The unique character of Prince Philip shone through the proceedings. He was a unique blend of traditionalist and moderniser, and that duality made itself felt in the Abbey. Britain's rich heritage could be found in the strong involvement of the armed forces, adding their habitual pomp and polish, but at the same time our modern, diverse culture could be perceived in the powerful address given by Doyin Sonibare, an advertising executive and health researcher from a Nigerian background, who said how the Duke of Edinburgh's award scheme had driven her to make the most of her talents.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Old and new was further embodied in the choir's pitch-perfect singing of Benjamin Britten's Te Deum, commissioned by the Duke himself in 1958. Prince Philip had a strong Christian faith, so it was highly appropriate to choose as the opening hymn He Who Would Valiant Be, based on the Pilgrim's Progress written in the 17th century by John Bunyan. Equally felicitous was All Creatures of Our God and King, embodying his love of nature that led him to become a highly influential President of the World Wildlife Fund. As a highly practical man, fascinated by engineering, he would also have admired John Hughes, the Welsh writer of Guide Me O Thou Great Redeemer, who worked in the coal industry most of his adult life and only composed music in his spare time. That practical side was also mentioned by David Conner, the Dean of Windsor, whose address captured the essence of the Duke's vivid personality, including his sense of humour, his dislike of sentimentality, his capacity for work, his religious belief, his abruptness and his understanding of human foibles. "He would have hated to be painted as a plaster saint," the Dean correctly said, adding that he was "far too selfaware to be taken in by flattery." Prince Philip was a very special man. His death has robbed us of a great public figure and left a gaping hole at the centre of the Royal family. Both the rawness of the wound and the gratitude for his life were on full display yesterday. 