Washington's WC-135W aircraft, which has previously been used to trace radioactivity from Russian vessels, was spotted in UK skies as it made its way to Norway. It came as Western leaders continue to provide aid for Ukraine with measured caution. Fears Vladimir Putin could use their support as a pretext to expand the frontiers of his war persist. The UK Defence Journal's George Allison first reported the jet's path, as he wrote on Twitter: "An American WC-135W 'nuke sniffer' aircraft is currently over Scotland heading towards Norway. "The 'Constant Phoenix' is designed to 'sniff' radioactivity associated with nuclear material and has previously been used to trace radioactivity from Russian vessels." Flight tracking site Plane Finder described the jet's features as "highly sensitive equipment that can detect changes to levels of radiation". Russia's nuclear threat, which Putin first set out speaking on state television days after launching the full-scale invasion of neighbouring Ukraine on February 24, sparked alarm across the globe. READ MORE: How far will a nuclear blast reach? The Russian president said: "As you can see, not only do Western countries take unfriendly measures against our country in the economic dimension – illegitimate sanctions that everyone knows about. "But also the highest-ranking officials of leading NATO countries are allowing themselves to make aggressive statements in relation to our country. "For this reason, I order the minister of defence and the chief of general staff to put deterrent forces on special combat duty." Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Putin's remarks were all "about distracting the world and the public from what he's actually doing in Ukraine". "As much as he might be ambitious for Ukraine", he claimed he does not expect Russia to use nuclear weapons in its pursuit of Ukraine. Days later, however, Putin's troops hinted Mr Wallace might be underestimating the dictator's intentions. As Russian military forces assaulted and seized Ukraine's Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant — Europe's largest — and set an adjacent five-storey training facility on fire, the Defence Secretary's level of concern seemed to go up a notch. He told a news conference: "We call upon the Russian president in the strongest possible terms to absolutely cease attacking sites such as that, it is incredibly dangerous. "It's not just dangerous for Ukraine and Russia, it's dangerous for Europe, and it is playing with fire that really is beyond anything that has to do with logic or necessity." DON'T MISSCan nuclear weapons be intercepted? [INSIGHT]UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion [ANALYSIS]Will Putin invade UK? [EXPLAINER] The International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons (ICAN) has called Putin's nuclear threats a strategy to prevent Western nations from supporting war-torn Ukraine. Beatrice Fihn, executive director of ICAN, told AFP in an interview on Tuesday: "The nuclear threat is now being used in an extremely malicious and evil way to illegally invade another country that does not have nuclear weapons. "Russia is practically using it to blackmail its way into invading Ukraine and no one can intervene. "Not only is this meant to instil fear in the whole world; it's also meant to scare anyone from helping in Ukraine." Ms Fihn said she does not think Putin will act on his threats and hopes the current crisis serves as a "wake-up call" to push countries towards nuclear disarmament. Avril Haines, US Director of National Intelligence, dubbed Putin's reference to the use of nuclear weapons "extremely unusual". In an address to the US Congress this week, she pointed out: "We have not seen a public announcement from the Russians regarding a heightened nuclear alert status since the 1960s."