March 30 marks the anniversary of the Queen Mother's death, and today the Royal Family will likely be marking the poignant milestone in private. After joining the Royal Family in 1923, the Queen Mother proved to be a very popular figure throughout her almost 80 years in the royal spotlight. Express.co.uk looks back at the Queen Mother's life, marriage, death and funeral. The Queen Mother was born Elizabeth Angela Marguerite Bowes-Lyon, the daughter of a peer, on August 4, 1900. On April 26, 1923, Elizabeth wed Prince Albert, Duke of York, the second son of King George V, at Westminster Abbey. Elizabeth famously laid her bouquet at the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior in tribute to her brother Fergus who had died in World War 1. READ MORE: 'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury  In 1926, the couple welcomed their first daughter Princess Elizabeth, later Queen Elizabeth II, who was known as Lilibet to the family. Their second daughter Princess Margaret was born at Glamis Castle in 1930. In 1936, King George V died and was succeeded by his eldest son Prince Edward, who became King Edward VIII. But to marry Wallis Simpson, a divorced American socialite, Edward gave up the throne and Prince Albert succeeded him as King George VI. Elizabeth subsequently became Queen Consort, and she would stand alongside her husband while Britain faced the turbulence of World War 2. When King George VI died in 1952, upon the ascension of her daughter she became styled as Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother.  On March 30, 2002, the Queen Mother died aged 101 years and 238 days old. She died in her sleep at the Royal Lodge, Great Windsor Park, which is now the main residence of her grandson Prince Andrew. In 2000 the Queen had given the Queen Mother the 100th birthday card she sends all centenarians in the UK, but she made sure to include a personal message which she signed off with her nickname of Lilibet. She was the longest-living member of the Royal Family, but her record was surpassed by Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, who died aged 102 in October 2004. DON'T MISS:Prince Charles and Camilla pen emotional Mother's Day message [INSIGHT]Queen shares rare throwback photo in heartwarming Mother's Day tribute [PICTURES]Queen sets 'iconic' fashion trends that Kate Middleton follows [ANALYSIS]  The Queen Mother lay in state at Westminster Hall at the Palace of Westminster for three days, and an estimated 200,000 people paid their respects. On April 9, 2002, her funeral was held at Westminster Abbey, the same site as her wedding and coronation, and more than a million people lined the route from the Abbey to her final resting place of St George's Chapel in Windsor Castle. The Queen Mother was interred in the King George VI Memorial Chapel next to her husband, who had died 50 years previously in 1952. Their daughter Princess Margaret had died a few weeks before her, and her ashes were also interred in the vault alongside her parents. 