Holi celebrates the arrival of spring, the end of winter, the blossoming of love, new life, and commemorates ancient Hindu legends. It is a festive day to meet with others, laugh, forget and forgive - and there will be ample opportunity to do that this year as coronavirus restrictions lift up and down the country. One of the most popular Hindu festivals, those participating often celebrate by throwing brightly coloured powder and scented water at each other. This tradition has been followed for thousands of years, and each colour symbolises different meanings, such as love, fertility, and new beginnings. Holi is celebrated the day after the last full moon in the Hindu month, Phalguna. This year, Holi falls on Friday, March 18, with celebrations due to take place all over the weekend. Here are a few fun Holi events taking place across the regions.  Holi is an incredibly popular festival and lots of tickets have already been snapped up, however, there are still some tickets still available. Starting at 10am and ending at 4pm, Swiss Cottage Leisure Centre will be holding an event on Sunday, March 20 - expect to see drummers and dancers performing throughout. Tickets range from £1 - £101 for families of four, and each ticket includes a Holi colour packet and buffet access. If you’re searching for more of an evening celebration, DJ Dalal London has you covered.  On Saturday, March 19, Holi Hai will be taking place at Wisteria Hall from 5pm, complete with Bollywood dance music by DJ Dalal London, Indian street food, Desi Dhol, and more. Tickets cost £5 for adults, and kids go free. Starting at 12:30pm, Collis Green Park will be filled with colour, music, and games. This Holi event takes place on Saturday, March 19, and is totally free of charge to attend. Prepare yourself for Holi games and activities, dance performances, food stalls, and a Bollywood DJ at the Rivermead Leisure Complex and Gym this weekend. The event will take place on Saturday, March 19 from 12-5pm, with tickets costing £5.80  Shankaracharya Shakha, Halifax and Huddersfield will be hosting a Holi event in Savile Park, Halifax on Sunday, March 20. Expect to see powdered colour, Holi music, Holika Dahan, games, and more. Tickets are £5 per person and under 10s go free - but what’s more, a portion of the proceeds will go towards the charity 'Forget me Not, Children hospice'. The temple will be holding an event to celebrate Holi on Saturday, March 19 from 12-4pm.  The event boasts Bollywood DJs, clothing and jewellery stalls, street food, and more. Tickets are £5 each, but kids under three years old go free. The New Art Gallery is due to host a Holi Hai festival on Saturday, March 19 from 11am. Prepare for performances and dance workshops with Bollywood Dreams Dance Company, paint splatter bunting workshops with artist Nilupa Yasmin, mandala-making, a Colour Gallery Trail, and stories of Holi in the Library. This is a drop-in event, with all ages welcome. 