Manchester United’s campaign is very comparable to Paris Saint-Germain’s season. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi’s respective arrivals appeared to map out a road to glory and immense success. They appeared to be the final golden pieces of their ludicrously expensive puzzles as United set their sights on the Premier League while PSG looked ahead to the ever-elusive Champions League titles. Unfortunately, the fireworks, the celebratory pyro, and the announcement videos have only yielded exceptional social media engagement rather than trophies. Mauricio Pochettino will likely lift his first ever League title as a manager, providing the French giants do not spectacularly capitulate and lose their 13 point lead at the top of the table. The former Tottenham Hotspur manager has managed to last the entire campaign, which is already more than that of his former United counterpart Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Yet the Argentine will likely depart the Parc des Princes with more medals than sincere gratitude from his current employers. And if he is to exit out of the Ligue 1 giant’s revolving door and swiftly enter that of Old Trafford, then Ralf Rangnick, new CEO Richard Arnold, and Pochettino himself, will have to learn the harsh lessons Pochettino, and Solskjaer both learned. JUST IN: Chelsea takeover candidate makes decision on Thomas Tuchel's future Successful transfer windows do not always equate to immense success on the pitch. Solskjaer and Pochettino both experienced the most incredible of transfer windows only for their campaign’s to fizzle out by the time the celebration confetti was cleared up. Many Manchester United fans have regularly believed they are a defensive midfielder away from a real transfer challenge. At the start of the season, they also believed they were a decent winger and another partner for Harry Maguire away from a challenge – they got both and Ronaldo on top of it. DON'T MISS...Arsenal star Ramsdale's post-match actions sum up Gunners mentalityArsenal icon Keown warns Arteta with surprising Tottenham prediction5 things we learned as Arsenal beat Aston Villa to lift top-four hopes Messi arrived into Paris and quickly strolled into a frontline containing Neymar, the world’s most expensive player, and Kylian Mbappe, a World Cup winner who will likely add the Ballon d’Or to his already astounding list of achievements. There is no quick fix to Manchester United’s lack of title credentials just as there is no immediate solution to prevent PSG from falling further away from the Champions League. Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola both required a minimum of four transfer windows to assemble their dominant sides. Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah, Virgil van Dijk, and Alisson Becker were bought over four windows, while Guardiola bought two goalkeepers and six defenders in the same time period. But the most important aspect of Klopp and Guardiola’s success is the room for error they were afforded by their respective club. Guardiola failed to win a trophy for the first time in his career in his debut season and Klopp was granted the latitude to lose three finals before he won his first trophy. If Pochettino is Manchester United’s man, then two huge transfer windows in his first season would be lucky to affirm the Reds a top four position, let alone the success United crave. If he is Ralf Rangnick’s replacement, then United will do well to remember that the path to success is not a short one paved in gold, but a long and hard stretch which will throw some unpredictable turns.