Chelsea are ready to change their minds over a transfer for Saul Niguez this summer. Thomas Tuchel now wants to sign the Atletico Madrid loanee permanently but only if government sanctions issued by Prime Minister Boris Johnson will allow it. Chelsea are ready to make a U-turn over Saul in the transfer window - but will need sanctions to be scrapped. The Blues are stuck in limbo after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government following the invasion of Ukraine from Russia. The club owner has been told he has close links to Vladimir Putin and has had his assets frozen - including Chelsea. It means that they cannot take or spend money, including in the transfer window, unless there is a change of ownership. But Chelsea are negotiating with the government to secure a specific license that will allow them to continue as a normal club amid the ongoing situation. If they are successful, one of the first actions that will be complete is the signing of Saul on a permanent basis, according to the Mirror. The Spain international was brought in on loan last summer but initially struggled for game-time. In recent weeks, the midfielder has seen more joy on the pitch but hardly enough to warrant a first-team spot in the side. Nevertheless, Tuchel has seen the advantages of having the 27-year-old in the squad and wants to trigger a clause that will make his loan permanent. Doing so would cost £29.3million and under the current sanctions at Stamford Bridge that would be impossible. The terms of the loan will expire on May 30, meaning Chelsea are up against the clock before they communicate their decision. But the sale of the club, whether it happens at all, will take weeks or even months to formalise - time the Blues simply do not have. As well as an important transfer window coming up, there are several players in defence that will see their contracts expire which cannot be renewed. Andreas Christensen appears to have already agreed a deal with Barcelona, while Cesar Azpilicueta looks close to signing for the Catalan club too. Antonio Rüdiger will also see his contract come to an end amid interest from today’s opponents Newcastle, as well as Manchester United and Real Madrid.