Fiona Shaw, 63, has played Carolyn Martens on BBC's Killing Eve since the show began in 2018, carrying on the role to the last series airing now. The actress made a revelation in a new interview about an injury she suffered near the end of filming the new series. Fiona has been lauded for her extraordinary performance in the show, even winning an BAFTA TV Award for Best Supporting Actress in 2019. She also received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for her performance in the second series. Following on, in the third series she was again nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama series. However, while filming the latest series, Fiona fell into a predicament when she broke her leg. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Speaking to Radio Times, she said: "If only I could say I was in the air doing a double switchback! "But, no, I was carrying logs down to the kitchen, slipped and landed five stairs down and crushed the top of my knee." She said the whole crew were very helpful at her time in need, even changing scene titles. First of all the scene was titled "Carolyn walks along the road", and was changed to "Carolyn sits on a bench". While she was recovering she stayed at her flat in Manhattan. Fiona originally studied philosophy at university, later attending RADA drama school. She made the leap into Hollywood when she was 28 years old, but was very surprised by the response to her first audition. Speaking to The Guardian in 2021 she said: "I got to Hollywood and they said: 'You’re very old'. "I remember thinking, 'S**t, that’s bad'. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSTAGRAM] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [COMMENT] "I think maybe I also thought film was something to do with being pretty. "I mightn’t have been wrong, either. I didn’t want to go to that party where I wouldn’t be picked." She is wed to well known Sri Lankan economist Sonali Deraniyagala, marrying in 2018. In an interview with The Daily Express, Fiona spoke about initiating the meeting after reading Sonali's book Wave. Sonali's memoir detailed the tragic loss of her husband, children and parents during the Indian Ocean tsunami in 2004. Fiona was instantly moved by the book and wanted to speak with her. She said: "I was so surprised she was that person, not the person in the book. "We spent half an hour chatting. "And when I left I thought, 'I have just met life'." You can read the full interview in this weeks Radio Times.