The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to arrive in Jamaica as the couple continue their royal tour of the Caribbean. Good Morning Britain hosts Martin Lewis and Susanna Reid have expressed concern that the visit may turn into a "PR gaffe" with Jamaican independence growing in support. Good Morning Britain's Martin Lewis said: "Interesting watching that stuff about Jamaica that you feel that the Royal Family wanted the golden couple to go to try and publicise the monarchy and improve relations and to send them there on a touchy-feely handshake mission. "And actually, they may well have crystallised opposition to the monarchy and crystallise opposition to having them as heads of states in Jamaica when they went; Susanna Reid added: "And might have hastened a referendum on whether to become a republic. "Well is it's starting to look like it isn't it. It may look like ultimately that rather than the PR win it turns out to be a PR gaffe," added her co-host. The couple will arrive in Jamaica later today, the next stop on their eight-day tour of the Caribbean, and receive an official welcome into the country. The duke and duchess will then travel to King's House for a meeting with the Governor-General of Jamaica Sir Patrick Linton Allen and later celebrate the sporting and musical heritage of Jamaica. The Cambridges, who were forced to change the venue for a Belize event after opposition from local residents, face further protests with Jamaican campaigners accusing the Queen and her predecessors of perpetuating slavery. As the country marks its 60th anniversary, a coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors and musicians have called in an open letter for the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations and a demonstration is expected on Tuesday.  In Belize, Prince William quoted from the Queen's 1994 address to the country's parliament which highlighted how individuals needed to work together to safeguard freedoms. He told the guests: "She said 'I am proud to associate myself with your determination that social justice and personal freedom should flourish under the rule of law. "It is always dangerous, however, to be complacent and to assume that democratic values will look after themselves. "Vigilance in protecting them is needed'." DON'T MISS Kate and William learn how to kill a monkey in Belize [INSIGHT] Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [ANALYSIS] Queen's dedication to Firm could end up harming Monarchy, expert says [REVEAL] He added: "Her Majesty went on to say that 'Most of all, democracy is safe-guarded by teamwork - the individual wills of all citizens, each pulling together towards the same objective'. "Sadly, elsewhere in the world, that vigilance is being tested today in Ukraine. "Belize has joined many others in condemning the invasion and standing up for the principles of international law, peace and security. "Today we think of those struggling in Ukraine and we stand with them in solidarity."