  Richard Arnold has addressed rumours about his co-star Ranvir Singh’s future on Good Morning Britain, after it was reported last month that she would be stepping down from her role as the show’s political correspondent. Richard opened up about his GMB colleague in an interview with Express.co.uk whilst presenting at the Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest.    Richard, 52, explained that he and his Good Morning Britain colleagues are all “very close”, adding that he felt “lucky to still be waking the nation up every morning”. When asked about whether his colleague Ranvir, 44, is planning to move on from Good Morning Britain following an exit from her political correspondent role, his answer was clear. “No. Absolutely not - no,” Richard replied, as he reflected on the close bond he shares with Ranvir. “Ranvir and I are very good mates and she was here yesterday doing a bit of eat, shop, save,” he said, in reference to the Ideal Home Show.      “But no, definitely not.” His answer comes after reports last month claimed Ranvir had decided to permanently quit the role that saw her broadcasting live from Downing Street. The presenter is also seen in the main studio of the ITV breakfast show, deputising as a main presenter on a fairly frequent basis. Ranvir recently hosted a hard-hitting Ghislaine Maxwell documentary, surprising ITV viewers when she bravely shared her own experience of sexual abuse while speaking to one of Jeffrey Epstein's victims.     Last month, it was reported that Ranvir had chosen to step down from her political role after growing tired of early starts. An inside source claimed: "She quietly stepped down as the political editor of the show in anticipation of having a more substantial part to play. “Ranvir covers for Susanna Reid when she is away and this week has stepped into her shoes during half term. “But she wants more and the bosses at GMB are clamouring to give it to her.       “She is a hugely popular member of GMB and keeping Ranvir on board is something everyone wants. “Ranvir is a real talent and as well as her work on GMB, Loose Women and Lorraine, when she steps in to cover, she also has a new ITV game show launching this year called Ridiculous. “However, to keep her, the job – and pay – will have to be right,” the source told the Sun. Express.co.uk has previously contacted Good Morning Britain for comment on these claims.     Since then, Louisa James has been confirmed as GMB's new political correspondent, in news announced by Anne Alexander, senior political producer on the show. She tweeted: “Delighted that @LouisaJamesITV is joining Good Morning Britain’s politics team as Political Correspondent, taking over from @ranvir01. “She’s experienced, hard working and obsessed with politics. Think she’ll do well with me and @kieronishere. Welcome to the (mad) house Louisa.” The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, is currently on at Olympia London until Sunday 27th March 2022. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   