The BAFTAs aired on Sunday night and saw a whole host of famous faces celebrating the film industry. Andy Serkis took to the stage to award Best Director and, during his speech, slammed Home Secretary Priti Patel for her response and handling of the Ukrainian refugee crisis. Andy's comment sent Twitter users into a meltdown as they praised him for being outright with his point. Presenting the award, he began: "A world-class director is a visionary empowered to change the world with a story that they are burning to tell. "Bringing together and leading a huge family of supremely talented strangers on a difficult and chaotic journey whilst hopefully creating an atmosphere that inspires inclusivity and values every single member of that family equally. "So it is no surprise that Priti Patel on her debut feature 'Hostile Environment' found enormous problems. "And that her follow up movie 'All Refugees are Welcome, Some Are More Welcome Than Others' is a complete nightmare. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson crosses Russian border for The Grand Tour "However, I digress, the filmmakers who are going to be honoured tonight are not in that category!" Fans went crazy for Andy's comments and took to Twitter to express their love for the actor. Angelo Boccato wrote: "Got to love @andyserkis an amazing actor, who blasts Priti Patel's hostile environment and the British government's policies on migration and refugees, while he introduces the #BAFTAs Best Film nominees." @CourierBoyUK commented: "Andy Serkis sticks knife in #PritiPatel, Good someone of note needed to!" @vinod_d007 added: "This is absolutely brilliant by @andyserkis. Priti Patel should resign in shame! #BAFTAs #BAFTA2022." Satbir Singh said: "You know your Home Secretary’s a wrong’un when Gollum is calling them out on live TV." Over the last few weeks, the Government has been under fire over the speed and scale of its efforts to bring people fleeing the war to the UK. On Tuesday, March 8, immigration minister Kevin Foster confirmed 500 visas had been issued, and the Ukraine family scheme received more than 10,000 applications since its launch the previous Friday. DON'T MISS...Shirley Bassey, 85, stuns BAFTA viewers with ageless beauty [INSIGHT]'From horror to fantasy': Rebel Wilson's cheeky Harry and Meghan quip [LATEST]Rebel Wilson takes aim at Royal Family with Prince Andrew jibe  [WATCH] Priti Patel has since faced days of public scrutiny after the Home Office made a U-turn on Thursday, March 10 and decided to halt Ukrainian visa appointments for passport holders. Liberal Democrats leader, Sir Ed Davey, branded the Home Secretary’s response to the "humanitarian catastrophe" as "utterly shameful". He said: "She answered desperation with delays. Crisis with confusion. Pain with paperwork, the British people want to offer them a home – but Priti Patel has slammed the door in their face." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer also took a swipe at the Home Office, saying its actions amounted to an "embarrassment for the United Kingdom".  Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine began on February 24, the country has suffered widespread damages and loss of life amid a major bombing campaign. Millions of Ukrainian refugees have fled as cities face shortages of food, water, heat, and medicine - with the British public set to be asked to open their homes to Ukrainian refugees. Many celebrities have shared their concerns for the country and given their tributes and donations in a bid to help the people suffering and struggling to escape the warfare. Patel defended the decision to make checks on Ukrainian nationals before they came, having sought advice from the security services before implementing the decision. BAFTAs 2022 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.