They described the 19-year-old as an angel who saw the good in ­everyone she encountered. Miss Thanwani was found dead at student accommodation in the central London area of Clerkenwell, shortly after 5am on Saturday. Maher Maaroufe, 22, who had been in a relationship with Sabita was arrested on Sunday on suspicion of her murder. In a statement issued through police, the family said: “We can only pray that lessons will be learnt and that somehow, there will come a day when girls and women are safe. “Sabita Thanwani was our daughter. Our angel. Her life, that we hoped would be long, was cut ­tragically short. “She was ripped away from those who loved her so very dearly – her mum, dad, brother, grandparents, extended f­amily and friends. “Sabita was the most caring and loving person we have ever known. She inspired us every day of her ­precious 19 years of life. Her mission was to help everyone. She was ­studying psychology at City University to make this happen. “Her whole life was ahead of her, a life where her radiant smile and ­incredible heart could only spread warmth and kindness. “In her short life, she helped so many. Sabita was pure and did not see bad in anyone, because there was no badness in her own ­awesome heart. “We will never ever stop loving or missing our beautiful, irreplaceable Sabita. The girl that was an angel upon the earth is now an angel in heaven.” Sabita was found withserious neck injuries and despite the efforts of the emergency services was pronounced dead at the scene. Maaroufe, a homeless Tunisian, who is not a student, has been arrested on suspicion of murder and assault on police. He is in custody. He was picked up by officers in Clerkenwell area after a police appeal to trace him. The family statement continued: “We will never be able to thank the Metropolitan Police enough for their dedication and tireless work in ­finding justice for our Sabita. “From our hearts, we thank ­everyone for their love and support. We ask our privacy is respected and as a family we can ­quietly grieve.”