  Police officers want a new steel gate to be constructed across Jeremy Clarkson's Diddly Squat farm shop to prevent anti-social behaviour at night. The area, which is owned by the Clarkson’s Farm star, has reportedly proven to be a magnet for sexual thrill-seekers.     Jeremy, 61, has applied for permission to build a large car park on the site of his Diddly Squat farm shop. However, police have warned that due to its large profile, thanks to Jeremy's popular Amazon Prime series, the farm will attract anti-social behaviour at night. Last year, the Daily Star reported that the area has proven to be popular with doggers and other sexual thrill-seekers. On that basis, the police have since recommended that the former Top Gear presenter pay for a gate to keep out such exhibitionists. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma     Thames Valley Police’s crime prevention advisor Kevin Cox has told the local council: "It is to be expected that this site may well generate significant interest, and due to its isolated rural location, I have concerns that it may be vulnerable to crime and antisocial behaviour. "Currently I do not feel this application adequately considers the potential for crime and disorder, and I recommend that the applicants provide a Crime Prevention and Security Statement. "In order to protect the site and prevent unauthorised vehicle intrusion outside of opening hours, I recommend gates are added to the entrance and exit route." Doggers and other such exhibitionists have reportedly been meeting up on Jeremy’s land, which is currently not protected by alarms, electric fences, or guard dogs.      Conversations about the risque meetings were even discovered on a private sex website. Jeremy’s land in Chipping Norton in the Cotswolds was said to be mentioned frequently on the forum, with some suggesting they “sneak in”. Express.co.uk have contacted Jeremy’s representatives for further comment. The presenter was previously denied restaurant planning permission by a West Oxfordshire District Council planning committee in January, but that hasn’t stopped him from trying to expand. His new application is for an extension to the existing parking area, to increase the number of spaces from 10 to 70. READ MORE... ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home [NEWS] Heidi Klum stuns as she poses in skimpy lace bra in front of a window [LATEST] Gordon Ramsay fires back at criticism over crying on Strictly [INSIGHT]     The proposal also includes a new storage compound and "associated landscaping". Earlier this year, Jeremy wrote all about how his restaurant plans were unexpectedly foiled in his column for The Sunday Times. The star had big dreams of opening a “small wood 'n' sawdust cafe” in his old lambing barn, before his hopes were dashed by his local council. The famous farmer explained how he mistakenly thought getting permission to open the restaurant would be “a shoo-in”, but that his plans were in fact blown by “assorted moaners and a man called Phil”.      On January 10, the Clarkson’s Farm host saw his plans decisively thrown out by the council, with seven out of 10 councillors condemning the idea. The main point of contention appeared to be over what the restaurant could add to the community, including the creation of jobs and more opportunities for farmers to sell their produce, versus how it might disturb the area and surrounding environment. Councillors weighed in on the controversial plans soon after Jeremy delivered a speech explaining his application for the Chipping Norton restaurant. Jeremy continued to explain that a “local government boss” Phil got up and made a speech that “built to a crescendo of fury”, claiming that the plans would cause “great harm” to their local area. In the wake of what Jeremy describes as a “tidal wave of misguided moral righteousness”, a vote was held and the planning officer said she would not recommend granting the plans.    