Prince Andrew had a prominent role at Prince Philip’s thanksgiving service, supporting the Queen as she walked towards her seat at Westminster Abbey. This was the Duke of York’s first public appearance since settling his out-of-court lawsuit with his sexual assault accuser Virginia Giuffre, and the reaction to his appearance was mixed. Some royal commentators described the Queen’s decision as practical, while others have suggested it was a move towards rehabilitating the disgraced royal back into public life. GB News host Dan Wootton described Andrew’s role with the Queen as a “shock move”. And former BBC correspondent Peter Hunt said that his prominent role served as a reminder of his “many errors of judgement that have led him to being removed from public life”. Mr Hunt tweeted that the move was a sign of the Queen “endorsing” him, telling PA news agency: “It's one thing to accept that he should attend his father's memorial service, it's quite another thing to then give him quite a prominent role, so it was an active choice to give him such a prominent role.” READ MORE: William and Charles overruled by Queen as Firm ‘dismayed’ over Andrew’s role in memorial Mr Hunt questioned if Prince Charles and Prince William had tried to intervene. He said: "Both of them will have been very aware of the risks of Andrew having this role, so either they decided that they could justify it on the basis that it was an event for his father, or they did try to suggest this wasn't a good idea and the Queen chose not to listen to them." However, Ingrid Seward, author of Prince Philip Revealed and editor-in-chief of Majesty magazine, said that the Queen is not ready for Charles to take over from her. She told Newsweek in October 2021: “She will stick to her guns as long as she’s fit. She will continue to do her duty. “Because I think she also feels the world isn’t quite ready for Charles and Camilla.” So what do YOU think? Do you think it’s time for the Queen to take a backseat to the future King Charles? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.