There’s nothing better than walking into a room that’s been fragranced with a beautifully calming scent and a diffuser is one of the best additions to any space. Diffusers are also great for unwinding and relieving stuffy air, making winter the perfect time to use them. Whether you prefer floral, citrusy or pomegranate scents, there are plenty of essential oil diffusers that can uplift any home. Create a calm atmosphere in the bedroom to help you unwind before bed or add a welcoming scent to your living room. Diffusers can also be used to effectively disguise unpleasant scents so they can be used in bathrooms and kitchens. With so many options online, here at Express.co.uk is a round up of the best essential oil diffusers you can buy to scent every type of space, with every budget in mind. READ MORE: 9 essential oil diffusers to ease anxiety, help you sleep, and make your home smell lovely Find your new signature scent with Amazon's 10 best selling perfumes Amazon’s 10 best-selling cleaning products for a sparkling clean home Ciarc Essential Oil Diffuser Best overall budget diffuser There are seven different colours that you can brighten or dim a room with the Ciarc Essential Oil Diffuser, making it the perfect bedroom night light. Plus, there are three different modes that allow you to fully mist a room, mist intermittently or just leave a light on. Quiet and easy to use, it also humidifies dry spaces and relieves stuffy air which is essential during winter. Buy it from Amazon (£17.99 on sale). With a stylish ceramic cover, it looks beautiful in any space and is easy to operate with different time and colour light settings. Whether you’re planning to add it to your room or gift to a loved one, it’ll mist any space with an aromatic scent. Buy it from Oliver Bonas (£45). The Nomad White diffuser has a slim, rectangular design that makes it the perfect pick for smaller rooms. Charge it via USB for aromatherapy on the go and it’s also great to put in the car while you’re driving. Buy it from Made By Zen (£50). Instantly relieve and feel calm with the Neom Wellbeing Pod Essential Oil Diffuser which operates at the touch of a button and dispenses a fine mist of natural essential oils in a large space. With options for low lighting making it suitable for day and night use, this diffuser is one of the most popular picks; accompany it with essential oils from Neom. Buy it from LookFantastic, Marks and Spencer (£95). Stunning and elegant, the Atomiser from Aromatherapy Associates creates a spa-like atmosphere with no water tank or heat and simply uses a powerful air compression to disperse aroma into the air. All it requires is 30 minutes to flood a room and it’s portable so you can bring it to the work desk or bedroom. Buy it from Space NK (£120). This essential oil diffuser comes together with six different essential oils with scents that include lavender, rose, orange, lemon and mint. With 14 different lighting settings, it suits a variety of spaces and is sure to flood any room with beautiful scents. Buy it from Amazon (£32.99). This nifty little diffuser from Alexandra Kay is perfect for travelling, as it can fit in bags and gives a short mist of fragrant air that is perfect for when you’re in stuffy environments like offices or commuting. Simply twist the device open, then add three drops of an essential oil and half fill it with water to use. Buy it from Green People (£20). If you work from home and need a diffuser by your desk, the Novo Aroma Mist Diffuser can be plugged into your computer and laptop, making it a great pick for home offices. It runs for approximately four hours and makes a great zen environment that allows you to focus on your work. Buy it from John Lewis (£30). With a cute design that’s got a cuddly bear face, this is great for little kids and is made from BPA0-free materials so it's also safe for pregnant women and babies. It can also be used as a warm night light and is a great addition to a nursery. Buy it from Amazon (£14.99). This diffuser is one of the best for creating mood as it’s got seven different colours and has a large size that illuminates a whole room. It’s also super quiet, making it a great pick for night time. Buy it from Lakeland (£54.99). This multifunctional essential oil diffuser can be controlled by a remote control so it’s super easy to use. It also has a huge 550ml capacity so that it can disperse fragrant oils for up to 14 hours. Buy it from Amazon (£22.99). The AromaWorks diffuser is small and can be operated with AAA batteries or a USB cable, making it an ideal pick for travelling on the go. There’s also no need for water, all you need to do is add a few drops of essential oil to a pad to operate it. Buy it from Boots (£14.99). If you want to create a relaxing, spa environment at home, the Alexandra Kay Time to Breathe diffuser will instantly calm with a soothing mist. It has a gentle sound and is especially calming when used before bed or during a massage. Buy it from Green People (£75). A statement in any home, the MADE BY ZEN Fern mist diffuser has a Nordic inspired glass design that turns any room into a glowing atmosphere with ambient lighting. Reviews love how beautiful it looks and that it looks lovely on a shelf or table. But it from John Lewis (£68). Made from glass, this essential oil diffuser has a unique swirled design and is great for art lovers as it looks like an artwork. Simple to use with seven colour settings and super quiet, it is also a wonderful gift for a loved one. Buy it from Amazon (£27.19). Recently launched, the Glade Aromatherapy Cool Mist diffuser is affordable and has a simple, stylish design that adds mood-enhancing lighting to any space. Great to use to unwind after a long day, pair the diffuser with a choice of three scents that include Moment of Zen - a blend of lavender and sandalwood, Calm Mind – bergamot and lemongrass and Pure Happiness – orange and neroli. In addition, UK customers will also get a free three month premium subscription with Calm when they buy £12 or more of Glade® Aromatherapy products. Buy it on Ocado (£19) Made from ceramics and wood with a beautiful basket design, the Ellia essential oil diffuser transform any room with soothing lights, sounds and scents. Delivering a fine mist with a colour-changing glow, it also plays relaxing sounds so you can truly unwind at home. Buy it from Amazon, Argos, HoMedics (£80 up)