Arsenal defender Ben White has responded to criticism he received when the Gunners were under fire during a torrid start to the season. The former Brighton man has since slotted into an impressive rhythm in north London, leading Gareth Southgate to call on him for England's upcoming duo of friendly matches. White has established himself as a key member of Mikel Arteta's back four, featuring in 26 of Arsenal's 28 Premier League games this season. Last time out he started alongside a familiar partner in Gabriel, helping his side to another clean sheet as they saw off Aston Villa 1-0. Things did not get off to a smooth start, however, and Gunners fans were left scratching their heads at White's £50million price-tag after he was given the runaround by Brentford's Ivan Toney in the season's opening game. That kicked off a run of three consecutive defeats, drawing heavy criticism after a free-spending summer. In October, club legend Ian Wright made a point out of White's individual mistake against Crystal Palace and his former team-mate, David Seaman, followed shortly afterwards. Now several months in the past, the 24-year-old has outlined how he dealt with the backlash. JUST IN: Chelsea bidders Saudi Media Group 'out of race' but crafty plan may revive ownership hopes  "The start of the season was tough," he admitted, "I know I wasn't good enough at the start of the season and didn't put a very good performance in. I don't need anyone to tell me that. "I think it was the first time I've actually been singled out. It's never a nice feeling, it's not very good, but it just gives me more incentive to go out there and do well. DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool "Obviously it is a massive issue for everyone if you are not playing well. But there are much bigger problems in the world. As long as my family are safe and everyone is healthy, I think that is a much bigger issue than not playing so well at the weekend. "But I think every year I have managed to prove that I'm good enough to play at the level I'm at, even though I’ve gone up leagues. Getting called up again is really nice. And it shows that what I've done this season is really paying off. I'm just focusing on playing as well as I can for Arsenal and seeing what happens with England."  It remains to be seen how heavily White will feature in Southgate's plans given the Gunners' solid defensive record. The Three Lions are gearing up to face Switzerland on Saturday before hosting Ivory Coast three days later to complete the duo of international friendlies. White is tasked with maintaining his impressive form at the Emirates if he is serious about making England's World Cup squad later this year. Fellow centre-back Fikayo Tomori has been touted for a call-up after his stellar displays with AC Milan.