Former Prime Minister David Cameron this week labelled Vladimir Putin a “phenomenal liar” in a furious rant about the Russian President. Speaking on Tonight with Andrew Marr, Mr Cameron recalled seeing Putin’s true colours at a World War 2 awards ceremony in London. He said: “It was after that when he let his guard down and said, ‘Fundamentally, I’m not a democrat and I don’t share your interests’, and I never had any belief that he did. He was also a phenomenal liar. I remember confronting him with evidence that Russian troops were in the Donbass — he flat out lied. “I remember confronting him with evidence about the shooting down of the Malaysian airline — he flat out lied.” Mr Cameron has not seen eye to eye with the former KGB officer, and the pair have come to blows on numerous occasions before. According to a 2015 report in the Daily Mail, they clashed after the G20 summit in St Petersburg two years before. After a gruelling day of discussions, they eventually sat down to talk at 2:30am. The report claimed both abided by their “agreed formula to remember that where they disagree, they are grown-ups and can transcend differences for the wider relationship”. READ MORE: Russian tactical blunder: Moment Putin's attack convoy blown to pieces Yet, late at night, and with neither willing to give an inch, things took a turn for the worst. The report claimed: “The conversation takes a bizarre twist and they end up having a ‘bickerfest’ about gay rights, both wanting to have the last word. “Cameron is riding a high horse, using arguments fresh from his jousting on gay marriage back home, while Putin argues that Russia’s future demography will have problems if gay people are allowed to marry each other, and that the country will have enough children to secure its future.” Although sexual activity between same-sex couples has been legal in Russia since 1993, homosexuality is frowned upon by large swathes of the Russian population. Neither same-sex marriage nor civil unions of same-sex couples are allowed in Russia. Such is the animosity towards the idea that Patriarch Kirill, the leader of the Russian Orthodox Church, said in 2013 that same-sex marriage was “a very dangerous sign of the Apocalypse”. Putin and Mr Cameron’s late-night antics was described as “like executives at a sales conference who have stayed up too late at the bar”. The report continued: “Aides on both sides just wish they’d shut up so they can all go to bed, amazed that they are still talking so late into the night in the midst of such an important international event.” Despite the so-called “bickerfest”, Mr Cameron reportedly attempted to build bridges in the Russia-UK relationship. DON'T MISS:Banned weapons: Every deadly bomb, from thermobaric to landmines [REVEALED]Ukrainian MP issues stark warning to Europe 'You will have this war' [QUOTES]Putin's henchmen scramble to sell homes in annexed Crimea [REPORT] Such is the animosity towards the idea that Patriarch Kirill, the leader of the Russian Orthodox Church, said in 2013 that same-sex marriage was “a very dangerous sign of the Apocalypse”.  Putin and Mr Cameron’s late-night antics was described as “like executives at a sales conference who have stayed up too late at the bar”.  The report continued: “Aides on both sides just wish they’d shut up so they can all go to bed, amazed that they are still talking so late into the night in the midst of such an important international event.”  Despite the so-called “bickerfest”, Mr Cameron reportedly attempted to build bridges in the Russia-UK relationship.  However, Putin’s first invasion and subsequent annexation of Crimea in 2014 destroyed any progress in the relationship. However, Putin’s first invasion and subsequent annexation of Crimea in 2014 destroyed any progress in the relationship. Mr Cameron was reported to have called Putin early that year, telling him: “Stop the aggression.” The Russian President replied: “This is my backyard. The West has humiliated me for ten years.” Fast forward eight years and Putin’s relationship with the West is at an all-time low. Shelling has resumed in the Ukrainian port city of Mariupol a day after a maternity hospital was hit by an air strike. Mariupol’s deputy mayor told the BBC today that 1,207 bodies have been “collected on the street”. Sasha Volkov, the International Red Cross’ delegation head in Mariupol, said in a recorded message on Thursday that families are starting to run out of food to feed their children. The situation is so desperate, he said, that people have “started to attack each other for food”. He added that medical supplies were running low, especially for diabetes and cancer patients. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has promised that the UK will continue to “tighten the economic vice around the Putin regime”. Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich was among seven Russian oligarchs to have been sanctioned this morning.