The Walking Dead creator Robert Kirkman spearheaded yet another smash hit TV series last year, this time in the form of animated superhero drama Invincible. After taking subscribers by storm with its first season on Amazon Prime Video, guest star Chad Coleman told Express.co.uk he’d be more than willing to reprise his role as Martian Man. Chad and the rest of the Guardians of the Globe could return in the second season of Invincible, even though most of them were killed off in the premiere. Invincible kicked off its first season last year by introducing several The Walking Dead regulars as a team of powerful superheroes. Tyreese star Chad reunited with the likes of Lennie James, Lauren Cohan and Sonequa Martin-Green as the Guardians. Sadly, their role in the series was cut short when the indestructible hero-turned-villain Omni-Man (played by JK Simmons) murdered the team in a horrifying massacre. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Recalling his brief time on the show, Chad said: “It was amazing. “I’m just mad like, ‘Man, don’t kill me! I loved this, come on! I want more!’” In the first episode, Chad portrayed Martian Man, a shapeshifting alien who had been exiled from his home planet, Mars. Although the original team became iconic in their own right, their deaths made way for a new generation of heroes led by Steven Yeun’s Mark Grayson/Invincible. However, there could still be a chance for the Guardians to return thanks to the series’ creator Robert’s talent for unpredictable storytelling. “It’s amazing, obviously,” Chad continued. “Kirkman’s a crazy talented dude, and all the other folks that are involved. “I had so much fun and I love the way it looks. I’m just saying, ‘Hey man, bring me back for some more.'” Invincible has already been renewed for a second and third season by Amazon, leaving plenty of room to revisit some more minor characters. DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead sparks backlash with Negan and Maggie spin-off [REACTION]Outlander season 6: Jamie Fraser star teases cliffhanger ending [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Deeks and Kensi adopt abandoned child? [THEORY] As the series is set within a heightened comic book world, there’s nothing stopping the original Guardians from eventually being resurrected in some form. Indeed, Ross Marquand’s The Immortal was eventually revived for a rematch against Omni-Man, so the series has already set a precedent for bringing back dead characters. Unfortunately, Chad was unable to confirm if his return as Martian Man was actually happening. “If it is, I don’t know about it yet,” he admitted. “But, feel free Robert, please, in the machinations of your mind, go on and dream up me coming back so I can use the gift of this voice to help you tell stories, brother.” Chad was previously well-known for portraying The Walking Dead survivor Tyreese for three seasons of AMC’s popular horror series. Bringing him back could be an excellent opportunity to reunite him with his former co-stars again, though fans will have to wait for season two’s still unconfirmed release to find out if the Guardians make another appearance. Invincible season 1 is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.