Manchester United legend Roy Keane has been blamed for the reception Harry Maguire received on international duty this week. Former England and Manchester City right-back Danny Mills says Keane's opinion of Maguire has shaped the views of many football supporters. England beat Ivory Coast 3-0 in a friendly at Wembley on Tuesday. Maguire was jeered and booed by a section of the home support when his name was read out before the match. Former United captain Keane has often been vocal in his criticism of Maguire, especially at a domestic level. Mills believes the Irishman has been "vicious" at times with his opinions and says his views carry more weight than other pundits. “Roy Keane has massive influence, unbelievable,” Mills said on talkSPORT. “Roy Keane says it, it’s gospel. READ MORE: O'Hara names five reasons why players would rather sign for Tottenham than Arsenal  “I think when Roy Keane speaks we all sit up and listen. I think he’s got huge gravitas in the game, for what he’s achieved, for what he’s done and everything he’s gone through and achieved in the game. “You do have to listen but he can be particularly vicious at times. If Alan Shearer said that, Ian Wright said that or Jamie Redknapp said that, I think we would just go ‘okay, that’s their opinion.’ "But when Roy Keane says it, everyone goes ‘that’s the right opinion because Roy Keane has said it.'” Mills reckons some of the supporters who booed Maguire will not have watched him play many full matches this season. DON'T MISSErling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League clubs [REPORT]Newcastle owners recommended 'superstar signing' to take Eddie Howe's XI up a level [TRANSFERS]Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland transfer [QUOTES]  However, he says the opinion of Keane gives them a false sense of the 29-year-old's form. Mills added: “How many times have these people seen Harry Maguire play for 90 minutes? “They’ll have seen snippets and they’ll have heard comments from Roy Keane everywhere no matter what. No matter how he’s played, if Roy Keane says he’s had an absolute shocker and it’s disgraceful and he’s had a stinker we all go ‘well, he has done’, even without watching the game ourselves and going through it. “We listen because it’s Roy Keane and he’s spoken so without seeing it as ourselves we take his opinion as gospel. Maybe we shouldn’t do that.  “Then you get memes, then you get social media and trolls and everything else comes into it and it does influence opinion.” England boss Gareth Southgate condemned the reception Maguire received at Wembley. He told Sky Sports: “I thought the reception was a joke, an absolute joke. The way he has performed for us has been absolutely phenomenal. "I don't get it. We're either all in this together or we're not."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here