TV presenter Chris Kamara has suggested he will be taking time away from his duties on Sky Sports News' Soccer Saturday amid a battle with Apraxia. Last year, the beloved 64-year-old revealed he had been diagnosed with a thyroid problem, and he has since developed a further speech condition. In April 2021, Kamara underwent a brain scan amid concerns he was developing dementia after suffering from a 'brain fog', potentially due to heading the football in his playing days. However, he is now receiving treatment for an under-active thyroid. But on Saturday, worried viewers noticed Kamara slurring his words whilst reporting at the League One clash between Rotherham United and Shrewsbury Town. And later in the day, he explained that he had developed apraxia of speech (AOS) alongside his thyroid condition. He tweeted: "Just wanted to let a few of you know who tweeted me today that I am ok-ish. Alongside my thyroid problem, I have developed apraxia of speech and have been working to get my speech back to normal. Some days it can be a little slow, and some days it's normal. Hopefully, I can beat this!" JUST IN: Chelsea stars' agents subject of checks as FA delay release of funds On Monday, he returned to Twitter to express his gratitude for all of his well wishes from followers, friends and colleagues. And Kammy hinted he would be pausing his involvement with live TV whilst he continues his speech battles. "Thank you so much to everyone for your best wishes," Kamara wrote. "Twitter can be a wonderful platform. The response about my apraxia has been overwhelming. Unfortunately for you viewers, this is not the end of me, but 'Live TV' might have to take a back seat at the moment. Thank you." READ MORE: Lineker fires back at Neville after Man Utd hero slammed former club AOS makes it challenging to express speech, despite those suffering knowing what they want to say. The ex-Leeds and Middlesbrough star has received an incredible amount of support, with his initial tweet attracting over 160,000 likes, 6,000 comments and 3,000 retweets. After over two decades of working with Sky, Kamara is now likely to take some time away from his popular role on Soccer Saturday. Express Sport wishes Chris Kamara all the very best in his battle with AOS, and we hope to see him bring his infectious personality back onto our TV screens as soon as possible. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.