Carlos Sainz has identified an "annoying" issue that F1 drivers will have to overcome when the 2022 season gets underway. The new campaign promises to be an intriguing one, with Lewis Hamilton seemingly hell-bent on winning a record-breaking eighth world title having lost out to Max Verstappen last year. However, the dominance of Hamilton and Verstappen, and their teams Mercedes and Red Bull, is under threat due to brand new technical regulations, designed to make racing more competitive. The restrictions have left all drivers having to get used to adapted vehicles, and fans and pundits were given an early glimpse of what might be to come during three days of pre-season testing in Barcelona last month. It was Mercedes, via Hamilton and new partner George Russell, who appeared quickest although it was Ferrari deemed the main benefactors of the practice, with the duo of Sainz and Charles Leclerc completing more laps between them than any other team partnership. But the problem of porpoising, which in effect means F1 cars jumping and jerking as they travel in a straight line on a track, was prominent for all involved. JUST IN: Red Bull make Max Verstappen demand despite 'aggressive' Lewis Hamilton admission "It doesn't feel great, obviously," Sainz said, as quoted by motorsport.com. "Especially when you think that we're doing 300 km/h and we're jumping 30-40mm up and down like crazy. Annoying." Teams will head to Bahrain for three more days of testing from March 10-12, and the Spaniard, who has already voiced his intentions to challenge the likes of Hamilton and Verstappen this season, hopes things can be addressed by then. "But hopefully it's resolved and it's not something that we need to live with. It's quite on the limit. You have to trust the engineers and everyone around you that it's just going to keep getting better, as we learn these ground effect cars." DON'T MISS:Axed F1 ace Nikita Mazepin set for explosive press conference after dramatic Haas exitPierre Gasly sends message to Mercedes about becoming Lewis Hamilton's replacementFernando Alonso left Ferrari 'feeling like idiots' and taught them lessons on strategy Sainz, 27, hasn't been the only driver to speak out, with British driver Russell also calling for the matter to be addressed. "I think we will need to find a solution," he told reporters before leaving Spain."I guess if active suspension was there, it could be solved with a click of your fingers. And the cars would naturally be a hell of a lot faster if we had that. "I’m sure all the teams are capable of that, so that could be one for the future, but let’s see in Bahrain.  "I’m sure the teams will come up with some smart ideas around this issue." Following the testing in Bahrain, the country will then host the first Grand Prix of the campaign on Sunday, March 20. The second race will take place seven days later at the Jeddah Street Circuit in Saudi Arabia.