Before Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle entered the British Royal Family, the Windsor’s were not always regarded as red carpet-worthy, a style expert has claimed. Judy Wade, a writer and broadcaster, previously said prior to Kate or Meghan being royals: “The Queen and her family are extremely middle-class. A lot of European aristocrats look down their noses at the Windsor’s because their favourite preoccupation is horse racing.  “They’re not elegant, they don’t dress well, they’re ‘dumpy-frumpy’ sort of people. “The Europeans seem to think that Tupperware boxes on the breakfast table are things you’d expect from middle-class people like the Windsor’s.” Daena Borrowman, the marketing manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk comparing the fashion choices between the Windsor’s and the European royals. She said: “One must remember that British working royal women are not celebrities and therefore they don’t need to dress to impress.  READ MORE: Kate Middleton's sleek hair causes mixed reactions - 'it's too harsh!' “They are constantly on the move and their clothes reflect this. But they are far from unfashionable. “Every royal outfit must be practical and functional so its wearer can engage freely and be comfortable in unpredictable British weather conditions. “What’s more, every piece of their wardrobe must be classic and timeless enough to be re-worn and restyled repeatedly. “The Duchesses of Cambridge and Sussex, the Countess of Wessex and Princess Anne make the news almost every day for restyling and staple pieces from their wardrobe, proving how glamorous the art of reusing old clothes is,” the expert claimed.  Daena continued: “There is a more laid-back side to the British royal women's style that can be observed when they are off duty. “The Windsor's have been a horse-loving family for hundreds of years and love nothing more than to spend quality time amongst their beloved horses in their country estates. “A classic example of this is Princess Anne, the Princess Royal, who presents what she proudly describes as a rather atypical image of a Princess. “While the Princess Royal can mesmerise one and all when she dons glamorous gowns and tiaras, she is most herself in jeans, wellies and a Barbour, very much like her mother, the Queen.”  But how does the British Royal Family’s style compare to the European royals? Daena added: “It must be noted that so many British and European royal women are fashion icons in their own right and their choices of clothing often align because the perks of being royal include access to the world’s most sought after fashion houses and designers. “The Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Mary of Denmark are near style twins, with a penchant for coats, drop-waist dresses and strong trousers. “Kate and Mary have even been spotted on different occasions wearing the same dresses from Beulah London, Emilia Wickstead, Jenny Packham and many more.  “Queen Letizia of Spain and the Duchess of Sussex, too, share a very similar fashion sense. They both tend to gravitate towards everything business chic, and look their best in shirt dresses, power suits and belted coats. “Similarities can also be drawn between the styles of Sophie, Countess of Wessex and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands. “Both women project a very straightforward and approachable image because they wear clothing that is distinctive and unpretentious. “They enjoy quaint jewellery, bohemian prints, belted waist silhouettes and flared skirts paired with unique headpieces on formal occasions.” 