Hollywood's Sean Penn, 61, is working on a documentary about the Russian invasion of Ukraine, leaving him on the frontline of the attacks. Sean shared an update, revealing he has had to walk to the Polish border after being caught up in an invasion. Sean shared an image on Twitter of himself walking with his suitcase along a main road, following parked cars at a standstill. He captioned the heartbreaking post in view of his 131,700 followers: "Myself & two colleagues walked miles to the Polish border after abandoning our car on the side of the road. "Almost all the cars in this photo carry women & children only, most without any sign of luggage, and a car their only possession of value." Many social media users have taken to the posts comments to express their concern for the situation in Ukraine. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him TrinityPh0enix said: "He gets up, suits up & goes. "He's visionary, he's all heart, he's Sean Penn. Looking forward to the documentary about Ukraine." IrinaDen3 added: "You are the most amazing person in Hollywood. The hero is not in the movies, but in reality!" PawelKropinski commented: "Sending strength to all of you! "Especially the brave women and children of Ukraine. Free food, healthcare and support is on the Polish side." At the moment, the Russian invasion of Ukraine is in its sixth day, however, Russian forces have made "little progress" in their advance on the capital, according to the Ministry of Defence (MoD). Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab has warned that Russian President Vladimir Putin could respond to resistance in Ukraine with "even more barbaric tactics". DON'T MISS... Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [INSIGHT] Linda Nolan inundated with support amid cancer battle ‘An inspiration' [HEALTH] Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES] Sean was pictured at a press briefing by the Ukrainian government on Thursday as Russia began their full scale attack. The actor then released a statement on Friday night, condemning Putin for making a "horrible mistake for all of humankind". He penned: "Already a brutal mistake of lives taken and hearts broken, and if he doesn’t relent, I believe Mr. Putin will have made a most horrible mistake for all of humankind. "President Zelensky and the Ukrainian people have risen as historic symbols of courage and principle. "Ukraine is the tip of the spear for the democratic embrace of dreams. "If we allow it to fight alone, our soul as America is lost." Sean is on the ground filming a documentary about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Vice Studios have confirmed to Variety. He previously visited the country in November last year to begin preparing for his documentary.