 For most, sleep problems tend to sort themselves out within about a month, according to the NHS. The NHS says: “Most people experience problems with sleep in their life. In fact, it's thought that a third of Brits will have episodes of insomnia at some point.” “Some people are naturally lighter sleepers or take longer to drop off, while some life circumstances might make it more likely for your sleep to be interrupted, like stressful events or having a new baby,” the NHS states. If poor sleep is affecting your daily life or causing you distress, you can talk to your GP. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: The changes to your personality signalling 'the liver is struggling'  The Johns Hopkins University says: “In one study, rats that ate a high-fat diet for eight weeks had more fragmented sleep at night and were excessively sleepy during the day. “This may be because high-fat foods bring about weight gain and a decrease in sensitivity to the brain chemical orexin, which helps regulate the body’s sleep clock. “High-protein foods like steak and chicken can also disrupt sleep because they take a long time to break down, which is a problem at bedtime since your digestion slows by up to 50 percent when you sleep.” It adds: “Also avoid aged or processed cheeses, salami and pepperoni. They contain tyramine, which triggers the release of norepinephrine, which may stimulate the brain.”  It says: “For better sleep, eat complex carbohydrates such as whole-wheat toast or a bowl of oatmeal before bed. “These foods will trigger the release of the sleepy hormone serotonin, and they don’t take long to digest.” The Sleep Foundation says: “It’s natural to want to find a food to make you sleepy or the single best food for sleep, but it’s important to be realistic. “Sleep is a complicated process affected by many things including mental health, light exposure, and underlying physical issues.”  The charity adds: “Diet is also multifaceted. It isn’t just one food; instead, it is cumulative, affected by when, what, and how much we eat throughout a day and over weeks, months, and years. “Individuals can have distinct reactions to different diets, making it hard to generalise about the perfect diet for everyone. “Because of these factors, it’s hard to design research studies that provide conclusive answers about the optimal food for sleep.” Indeed, it says: “Given the complexity of diet and sleep, for many people it may be more meaningful to focus on the big picture — healthy sleep and diet habits — rather than on individual foods and drinks.”  People who smoke also tend to take longer to fall asleep, wake up more frequently, and often have more disrupted sleep. Caffeine and alcohol can stop you falling asleep and prevent good quality sleep. Therefore, it is recommended that people cut down on alcohol and avoid caffeine close to bedtime. Caffeine can be found in other sources too. These include: Caffeine interferes with the process of falling asleep, and also prevents deep sleep. 