At the beginning of each month, National Savings & Investment (NS&I) pays out millions of prizes as part of its Premium Bonds prize draw. Two lucky savers winning have the chance to £1million each, with many others winning cash prizes between £25 and £1million. The NS&I account has grown in popularity since the 1950s, probably due to its uniqueness. The interest on the savings account isn't paid out to savers each month but instead, holders are entered into the monthly prize draw. Many savers will now be looking ahead to April to see if there is anything that could improve their chances of winning in the future. NS&I said people can “further their chances to win” the monthly draws by topping up regularly each month. READ MORE: Martin Lewis urges Britons to ‘stock up’ on common 66p item ahead of April price hikes He said: “The more bonds you have, the closer you get to the prize fund rate, and this is where the scales start to tip in Premium Bonds' favour.” This is because each bond is purchased at £1 and like any lottery the more one buys the higher one's chances of winning. There are an estimated 21 million bond holders currently in the UK, many of which reinvest any winnings they receive to buy more bonds. With over 3.3 million other prizes being paid out this month, worth between £25 and £100,000, Britons are being urged to check to see if they have won in this month’s cash prizes Bond holders can invest as little as £25 to purchase Premium Bonds. The maximum holding level is £50,000. As a Government-backed savings and investment institution, Premium Bonds is considered a secure and safe option for savers as their money is protected. Discussing the benefits of the NS&I product, Mr Lewis said: “Premium Bond prizes are tax-free, but so is savings interest for 95 percent of people. “Yet if you're one of those who earns more interest than your personal savings allowance, then if you've a decent amount in bonds, they'll usually be the clear winner (especially as cash ISA rates are poor).” Customers can choose to have their prizes paid directly to their bank account or have their wins automatically reinvested into more Premium Bonds. By having prizes paid directly, it reduces the number of prizes that go unclaimed and means that customers can benefit from their wins more quickly, NS&I explained. Premium Bonds holders can check to see if they have won a prize in March’s prize draw, by using the nsandi.com prize checker.