Lewis Hamilton’s race engineer used an X-rated expletive after the seven-time champion could only score one point in Jeddah. Mercedes issues have left Hamilton languishing 29 points behind in the points tally after just two races. As the cars stopped in parc ferme after Sunday’s race, Hamilton said: “Another tough day in the office guys, but thank you so much for trying." However, Hamilton’s race engineer Peter Bonnington replied: "Yeah, hopefully not too many more s*** days, Lewis." Moments after the race, Hamilton was confused as to whether he scored a point from his top 10 finish. After the chequered flag, Bono said: “OK Lewis, that's P10. Sorry about that.” Hamilton replied: “Is there even a point for that position?" Mercedes will be hoping for a bounce back at the next race in Australia to close the gap on their rivals. READ MORE: Red Bull 'looked closely' at Hamilton to help Verstappen win Saudi GP  According to the Italian branch of Motorsport.com, the Silver Arrows may be bringing a range of updates to Melbourne. A new aerodynamic package could be introduced ahead of schedule to ensure the team gets to grips with their issues. The new parts were initially scheduled to be introduced in Imola or Spain but this could be pushed forwards. After a poor showing in Jeddah, team principal Toto Wolff warned his team were “not going to rest” until they were back fighting at the front. He said: “We were right in the middle of those fun games in the front, and talking as an F1 stakeholder and benefiting from a great show, that is really spectacular to look at. DON'T MISSRed Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes [COMMENT]Christian Horner makes reliability prediction about Mercedes [INSIGHT]George Russell demands Mercedes improvement as he issues title verdict [ANALYSIS] "But on the other side, it is extremely painful to be not part of those fun games, and by quite a chunk of laptime deficit. We're not going to rest until we are back in the mix. “But you're absolutely right: it's no fun at all. [It's] an exercise in humility, and it's going to make us stronger in the end, even though it's not funny right now."