According to Glasgow Live, the convoy was traced by nuclear campaign group, Nukewatch UK, which tracks and monitors convoys that transport the country’s Trident nuclear warheads by road from Atomic Weapons Establishment Burghfield near Reading to Coulport. The report stated that the convoy was on its way to Royal Naval Armaments Depot Coulport on Loch Long as it made its way along the M74 and onto the M8 just a mile or so south of Glasgow city centre.   The convoy was later spotted on the M74 at Lesmahagow around 25 miles south of Glasgow prior to its arrival at Royal Naval Armaments Depot Coulport (RNAD) on Loch Long around 11.30pm last night. Nukewatch UK Campaigner Jane Tallents told Glasgow Live: “We think that's the most likely [route] at that time of night. “And looking at the timings of it I would say yes that's probably what it did, took the M74 onto the M8 over the Erskine Bridge and up the A82 at Loch Lomondside. “I know it was about 11.30 pm last night that it got into [RNAD] Coulport.   “I think there were four warhead carriers I believe. “Our reckoning is that each of those trucks can carry two but one of the trucks is empty as a spare in case of break downs. “So if there's four we expect there to be six warheads, or up to six warheads anyway.” They believe the convoy travelled west on the M74 right through Glasgow's southside before joining the M8 south of the Kingston Bridge. It then passed over the Erskine Bridge before travelling past Loch Lomond on the A82. The route is the same as another unmarked military convoy which was captured on video back in May 2021 and also the same route it is believed to have taken a few months earlier in March of that year. The convoy is believed to be the first to pass through Glasgow in five months. However, Nukewatch UK told the publication that it is “routine” READ MORE: Planning regs red tape ‘main reason’ for UK housing crisis – expert The “routine” sees convoys transport the nuclear warheads from AWE Burghfield - where the warheads are both made and undergo repair works - back to RNAD Coulport to be put on the Royal Navy's nuclear submarines. Ms Tallents said: “There hasn't been one since October last year which is a bit strange. But there was a bit of a flurry in the end. “There must be some reasoning in their madness but they'd never enlighten us what that is. But yeah this is back to the routine, just refurbishment. “They are not arming up to bomb Russia or anything like that, but they could do that anytime. “I don't think this convoy is of any more concern than the fact that we are always, 24/7, armed and ready to start a nuclear war. “And yeah obviously this current situation is very, very alarming. And how quickly some incident could just provoke something that gets all out of our control quickly.  DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Meghan Markle tipped to bag her own Oscar Queen’s befitting response and ‘withering look’ when offered a chairKate and William to keep eye on Belize menu