Hundreds of Ukrainians gathered on an access road to a nuclear power plant near Enerhodar to prevent Russian forces from advancing and taking over as they did with the defunct Chernobyl power plant. Many held flags, sang songs and tried to block the convoy from moving by using large vehicles such as rubbish trucks and lorries to slow down troops. But a live stream of the event showed Russian vehicles firing at the civilians with explosives and what appears to be tear gas to disperse the crowd as they continued forward.    Enerhodar Mayor Dmytro Orlov said locals were banding together to keep the city out of Russian hands. He said: “We conveyed the position of our city and its residents that the ZNPP is under reliable protection, that its workers and residents of Enerhodar are under Ukrainian flags... “All municipal services are working in emergency mode. Nobody is going to surrender the city. People are determined.” The Chernobyl power plant, around 100km north of Kyiv, fell to Russia in the early stages of the invasion - causing radiation levels to rise in the region. Ukraine's emergency service has said more than 2,000 civilians have died as Russia changes tactics by hitting civilian targets.  The latest figures released from Ukraine also suggest 21 children have died. Kharkiv has seen some of the worst of the bombing with apartments and schools being hit in the attacks, leaving dozens of children dead. The Ukrainian emergency service said: "Children, women and defence forces are losing their lives every hour." The UN General Assembly met on Wednesday to vote on whether they will condemn the invasion in its first emergency meeting since 1997. The amendment saw 141 of the 193 member states voting for the resolution, 35 abstained and five voting against. DON'T MISS Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated [INSIGHT] Biden humiliated as Putin set for major new energy deal [REPORT] Ancient Egypt breakthrough after prehistoric discovery: 'World's first [REVEAL]  The UN resolution said the UN “deplores in the strongest terms the aggression by the Russian Federation against Ukraine”. It also called for “the Russian Federation immediately cease its use of force against Ukraine” and “immediately, completely and unconditionally withdraw all of its military forces”. Russian UN representative Vasily Nebenzya told the UN that Ukraine was holding "civilian hostages" and was using them as "human shields". He added Russia's mission in the country was to remove the nationalist and neo-Nazi groups operating there. He said: "We know about the unprecedented pressure that our Western partners are exerting on a large number of countries urging them to vote as they see fit. “This is not something that we can call pressure, it was open and cynical threats and we know about it." 