Serena Williams has been backed up on her claim that there is a "double standard" when it comes to punishments handed out to male and female tennis professionals. Chris Evert agrees that women tend to be slapped with bigger consequences when it comes to high-profile outbursts on the court. Williams' original claim came after Alexander Zverev was kicked out of the Mexican Open for a foul-mouthed meltdown. He went on an x-rated rant at chair umpire Alessandro Germani after disagreeing with a line call. Then, after he fell to defeat in the doubles match, he smashed his racket against the official's chair several times. Zverev was kicked out of the competition and handed a £31,000 fine, before a suspended eight-week suspension was later added. He will only need to serve that ban if he were to be found guilty of another similar violation of the rules over the next year. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu tipped to take advantage of Serena Williams benefit Evert, an 18-time Grand Slam champion, believes the German got off lightly for such a shocking display of behaviour. "I will tell you exactly how I feel," she told Eurosport. "I think it was too lenient. "I am not here to sit back and make any judgments on Zverev as far as his behaviour or him as a person. From what I know and my contact with him, he's always been very nice and very gracious. "That punishment or that consequence to me is too lenient. He should have been out for months. And that's all I'm going to say about it." DON'T MISS:Nadal labelled 'out of this world' by reigning Indian Wells championRaducanu fear raised as Badosa shares 'inevitable pressures'Djokovic statement made by Miami Open chief after 'visa long shot' Asked about the incident before that suspended ban was added to Zverev's punishment, Williams suggested that she would "probably be in jail" if she had done something similar. Evert agreed with the American's suggestion that there is a "double standard" within tennis. "I wouldn't go as far as saying she would go to jail, but I think she has a point and I think that definitely her consequences would have been far stricter than Zverev's," she added. "Welcome to the world of men and women. I think it is a female and male issue. I agree with Serena. "There would have been stricter consequences if she would have done it. I think the WTA would have put stricter consequences on any woman who would have done this. "The umpire looked like he was in harm's way. And that's serious." Zverev has apologised both privately and publicly to the umpire, and accepted that he deserved his punishment. The German went on to say he was "embarrassed" about how he had reacted, and said that it had been "the worst moment of his life". "It still is embarrassing for me now. Walking around the locker room, it's not a nice feeling," he admitted. "But we all do mistakes. I'm also a human being, and I can guarantee you I will never act this way again in my life. It was definitely the worst moment of my life."