Dan Walker, 44, used to present on Football Focus from 2009 to 2021, announcing his departure from the show in April last year. The BBC Breakfast presenter has taken to Twitter to remember his "great memories". Dan shared a picture of a chocolate milkshake, with the drink bringing back fond memories for him. He captioned the post in view of his 752,200 followers: "I always used to grab one of these from the shop on the way to the car park after #FootballFocus. "I had one today for the first time since I finished. "Great memories of that show and the people who made it special." READ MORE: ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle Many social media users took to the comments to remember Dan on the football show, as well as to discuss his milkshake choice. TeresaGibbons7 said: "Hope they send you a year's supply now for that little bit of promotion." Yeezy_jmz added: "Premier league of chocolate milk!" Tretchikoff1 commented: "I wish you still picked up a Chocolush and headed to #FootballFocus." In April 2021, Dan told fans he would be leaving Football Focus. He posted a video of himself on social media explaining the announcement. Dan said: "This is going to be my last season presenting Football Focus. "It has been an amazing 12 years and I can honestly say I have loved every single second of it. DON'T MISS... ‘Will miss him’ Julie Andrews breaks silence on ex Tony Walton's death [INSIGHT] Laura Hamilton's apology to A Place In The Sun team over new heartache [COMMENT] Kevin Costner, 67, makes rare appearance with stunning wife Christine [PICTURES] "I am so proud of the job we’ve done, the changes we've made and issues we've looked at a time when the football landscape has changed immeasurably. He continued: "But, having said all that, after 12 years it's time for someone else to take the reins. "I'd like to say thank you to the amazing team at Focus who put so much into the show each week and thank you to the audience for tuning in every Saturday." The BBC flagship Saturday afternoon show was taken over by Alex Scott. Talking about the show at the time, she said: "When I was a kid, I would never have watched television and thought someone like me could be presenting a programme like Football Focus. "For the BBC to trust me with this role and allow me to be my true authentic self means a lot. "From day one, Dan Walker has guided me - and crucially he let me ask questions. "Dan knew I wanted to be a presenter so he helped hone my skills and allowed me to step out of my 'pundit' comfort zone on the show."