Last month, ITV viewers watched as Emmerdale killer Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) was finally exposed for her murderous crimes. Soap fans were led to believe the nurse had been killed at the hands of Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) after he pushed her off the same bridge his daughter had died. However, surgeons were able to save the villain after a touch-and-go operation. Meena may be in police custody but she is yet to confess to the crimes she has committed. The nurse had admitted to killing Ben Tucker (Simon Lennon) at the Hop, although she claimed it was self-defence. Following the incident with Liam on the bridge, she told police that her former colleague had tried to kill her. However, after an intense police interrogation, Liam was let go by the police. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail However, the doctor and Meena were not the only ones to witness what happened that day. Meena's sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) watched on as Liam pushed her sister off the bridge. Although, in an unexpected turn of events, Manpreet convinced Liam to lie to the police and so they came up with a story together. The duo had kept what happened a secret until now, but will they be exposed before Meena's trial? In scenes that aired earlier this week, Charles secretly went to visit Meena in prison. During one of the visits, Meena taunted the vicar with details of how his girlfriend Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale) had died. Despite being haunted by what the killer had told him, Charles was hellbent on getting her to change her plea in court by confessing to what she had done. He decided to try using religion to persuade Meena to feel some remorse for her crimes. DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt sparks frenzy as new expert joins BBC antiques show [VIDEO]A Place in the Sun viewers in uproar after couple's sudden U-turn [REACTION]Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [INSIGHT] The villain even started reading the bible and quoting paragraphs to Charles from it. However, towards the end of Thursday's instalment, Charles got exposed by Priya (Fiona Wade) who realised the bible he had was from Meena's prison. He was then forced to confess he'd been to visit the killer in a bid to get her to confess. Despite the support group turning against the vicar, things took an unexpected turn during Friday's episode. Charles confronted Manpreet about what really happened on the bridge between Meena and Liam. He told his love interest, he believed Liam did push Meena just like she claimed. After insisting that didn't happen, Manpreet eventually came clean and told Charles the truth. Although, she admitted it was her who convinced Liam to go along with the story. The reassured Manpreet and Liam he would keep their secret, but will his conscience as a vicar get the better of him? He is also adamant about getting Meena to confess to killing Andrea, so in order to get what he wants, will he team up with the nurse? Charles could end up telling the police what really happened on the bridge, meaning Liam will get arrested. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV.