Thibaut Courtois has slammed his own Real Madrid team-mates following their 4-0 El Clasico mauling to Barcelona on Sunday night. The former Chelsea stopper branded his side's performance "unacceptable" as the La Liga leaders fell to a shock defeat at the Santiago Bernabeu to keep Barcelona's faint title hopes alive. A Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang double and goals from Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres saw Barcelona cut Real Madrid's advantage in the La Liga standings to 12 points, with Xavi's side holding a game in hand over their fierce rivals. The thumping triumph saw Barcelona extend their unbeaten streak to 12 games as they put an end to a run of five successive El Clasico wins for Los Blancos. Despite the injury-induced absence of star striker Karim Benzema, Real Madrid were expected to extend their fine recent record in the fixture, especially as Barcelona travelled to Turkey for Europa League commitments against Galatasaray on Thursday. However, that didn't prove to be the case. Following the humiliating loss, Real Madrid keeper Courtois was quick to blast his own team-mates, labelling the defeat as "unacceptable". The Belgian told Spanish television channel Movistar, as per Sport: "Today we gave an unacceptable image for this club. There are players missing, but you didn't notice that it was them that played Thursday (in Istanbul). READ MORE: Aubameyang goal celebration explained after Barcelona thump Real Madrid  "They found a lot of space. We weren't compact and weren't able to keep the goals out. For the first goal, they anticipate better at the front post and we're not switched on for the second either. After the break, we think we can come back, and after 10 seconds Ferran Torres is one on one with me." Courtois went on to criticise the tactics of manager Carlo Ancelotti, who opted to deploy a system featuring a false nine in Benzema's absence - a ploy which was last used in the club's costly 1-0 defeat to Athletic Bilbao, which saw them crash out of the Copa del Rey last month. The 29-year-old continued: "We will have to talk about the tactics internally. They haven't worked at the start of the game or the second half, we have to discuss it internally, not here. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]  "We played with a false nine in the Copa and hardly had any shots and it was the same here. We started okay, we had a chance with Fede Valverde which Marc ter Stegen saved well, but from there we dropped off. "We didn't find the free man playing out and that makes it hard. Then in the second half, we cannot start like that. This badge demands that you fight and in the second half we did not. We could have lost by even more." Real Madrid remain nine points ahead of closest La Liga challengers Sevilla with nine games remaining. Barcelona leapfrogged Atletico Madrid into third following the stunning success with Xavi admitting he "can't rule out" a late surge for the title.  