WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Bridgerton season 2. Queen Charlotte (played by Golda Rosheuvel) plays a big role in the second series as she tries to orchestrate the perfect match for her Diamond of the Season, Edwina sharma (Charithra Chandran). When she pops up in the show, she is often seen being brought a tray which she snorts something from. What does the Queen snort in Bridgerton? The Queen is seen snorting snuff, which is not uncommon for the period in which the Netflix series is set. Snuff is a smokeless tobacco and was seen as a delicacy in the Regency period. The item was quite expensive meaning not everyone could indulge in the habit of snorting snuff. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? As a result, it was usually wealthy people in the Regency era who would enjoy snuff. Some characters in Bridgerton have remarked the Queen appears to be addicted to snuff. Her habit could be likened to someone who smokes heavily in today’s world. While it may seem unusual to see the Queen snorting snuff, it’s important to remember it was not illegal. It was not just the Queen’s snuff habit which caught the attention of viewers but also the substance used in Benedict Bridgeton’s (Luke Thompson) tea. In episode three of Bridgerton season two, Colin (Luke Newton) offers his brother a packet of powder he said is used across Europe to help people relax. Since Benedict is worried about his application to art school, he empties the remaining powder into his tea. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton fans furious over ‘bittersweet’ Kate and Anthony ending [REACTION]Bridgerton fans 'disappointed' over lack of racy scenes in season 2 [LATEST]Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [INSIGHT] The result is Benedict is much more relaxed but he also acts child-like and interrupts a dinner thrown by the Bridgerton family. It’s likely the substance given to Benedict by his brother was opium as he noted it helped him to focus. Opium was often used to help relieve pain but was also marketed for recreational use for the wealth. It’s therefore no surprise to see the use of opium pop up in the Netflix series and will be interesting to see if Benedict continues to depend on it. Lucas Richert, a historian of drugs and medicines said of the opium use: “It wouldn't surprise me at all that wealthy elites would carry around opium.” He added to Women’s Health of drugs in the Regency era: “There was a pretty wide open marketplace where people who had that high-level status could gain access to drugs that suited their class.” Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix now.