Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe has been released after being imprisoned by Iran for six years after being accused of plotting to overthrow the Iranian government. The BBC's Ros Atkins has summed up the reasons for Mrs Ratcliffe's release linking the deal to a historic debt the British Government settled with the Iranian Government. Mr Atkins told BBC News: "So for Nazanin, six years in detention are over and the reasons why have little to do with the charges of spying she faced no evidence was ever offered. "Rather at the BBC is James Landale puts it, Nazanin became a diplomatic pawn held hostage by the Iranian authorities to put pressure on London. "Two factors help explain why that calculation has changed. "The first is a debt."  Labour MP Tulip Saddiq told the BBC earlier: "Nazanin was told directly by the people who imprisoned her in prison that the reason she was being held is because of our failure to pay the £400 million debt that we as a country owe Iran." Mr Atkins explained: "This debt reaches back to the 70s, Iran bought over a thousand tanks from the UK but after the Iranian revolution in 1979, Britain refused to deliver them and Iran has always maintained it was owed its money back. "In 2009, the International Chamber of Commerce agreed, but the UK always resisted any connection between the debt and Nazanin."  He added: "Last year Prime Minister Boris Johnson described them as entirely separate issues. "That may be but the money has now been paid." Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe is now back with her family following her dramatic return to Britain after six years in detention in Iran. The British-Iranian charity worker was reunited with her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, and their seven-year-old daughter Gabriella amid emotional scenes at an RAF airbase in the early hours of Thursday. DON'T MISS:Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger [INSIGHT]Putin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' [VIDEO]Xi Jinping 'deeply disturbed' as he scrambles to 'talk sense' into Putin [ANALYSIS] Family and friends said that Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her husband - who campaigned tirelessly for her release - would have to spend time getting to know each other again after so long apart. Her sister-in-law, Rebecca Ratcliffe, said they were looking forward to enjoying the normal experiences other families take for granted. "They have lived apart for such a long time, had such different experiences, they are not going to go back to how they were before. Of course, they won't," she told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme. "They are never going to be a normal family. I think there is an element of having those normal experiences that they haven't been able to for such a long time."