Grant Shapps unveiled new measures last night in an attempt to put even more pressure on Vladimir Putin as Russia continues with its onslaught in Ukraine. The UK had previously introduced sanctions on Russian oligarchs and pushed leaders across the West to exclude Moscow from the financial transaction service SWIFT. Writing on Twitter, the Transport Secretary said: "I have made it a criminal offence for ANY Russian aircraft to enter UK airspace and now HMG can detain these jets. "We will suffocate Putin's cronies’ ability to continue living as normal while thousands of innocent people die." The new measures, which were introduced from 5pm on Tuesday, grant airport operators the power to detain Russian aircraft or one chartered by a Russian. Mr Shapps, who was first elected as the MP for Welwyn Hatfield in 2005, also attached a copy of a letter he penned to all airports and airfields in the UK. JUST IN: Putin humiliated: Kremlin officials savage 'clusterf*** invasion' as two generals killed The letter, which described Russia's invasion as "unprovoked" and "premeditated", said the UK has already shown there would be "massive consequences and a severe cost for any Russian military incursion into Ukraine". However, the Transport Secretary has now moved to further restrict Russian access in the UK. He said: "In these circumstances, the Department for Transport does not consider it appropriate for Russian aircraft to continue to enter UK airspace or land at UK airports. "With effect from February 25, there has already been legislation in place to prohibit Russian aircraft from UK airspace. "From today, the legislation is aligned with other sectors within the sanctions regime with criminal offences attached for breaching them." The letter to airports added: "Please note that non-compliance may give rise to a criminal offence." Vladimir Putin reacted to the UK's commercial airline ban in February by prohibiting UK airlines from flying to and over Russia, according to Sky News. The new law will also give the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) the power to refuse to register aircraft in Britain if the information provided means the aircraft "appears to be owned, chartered or operated by a person who has been designated for the purposes of aviation sanction". The CAA can also terminate an aircraft registered in Britain if it is owned, chartered or operated by a Russian person or company. The announcement came just hours after Britain said it would gradually halt Russian oil imports by the end of 2022.