Chelsea striker Timo Werner is set to hold showdown talks with Thomas Tuchel in order to gain “assurances” about his future. The German striker scored a goal and contributed two assists in the Blues’ narrow 3-2 FA Cup fifth round victory against Luton Town. Chelsea trailed the Championship side on two occasions, until Werner scored the Blues’ second equaliser and provided the cross for Romelu Lukaku to tap in the winning goal. But while the former RB Leipzig man almost single handily turned the tie around for the Blues, his form has once again been inconsistent and, at times, poor. Werner has only started six Premier League matches for the Blues this season, only contributing one goal and one assist in 11 appearances for the club. And the former RB Leipzig striker and his representatives are set to discuss his future and place in the team with Tuchel in the coming weeks. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here A report from GOAL claims Werner wants to seek assurance about his involvement and role with the current European Champions. The likes of Mason Mount, Lukaku, Kai Havertz, Hakim Ziyech, Callum Hudson-Odoi, and Christian Pulisic have often been deployed ahead of the former RB Leipzig man. Consistency has been very hard to come by for the striker who cost Chelsea a hefty £47.5million in the summer of 2020. Werner’s attitude and work rate have never come into question, but GOAL understands he will look for an exit if discussions between him and the club do not go well. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Borussia Dortmund are purported to be interested in the pacey striker, as Werner’s phenomenal 28 goal haul in his final Bundesliga season are still fresh in German football’s memory. Reports have also suggested that Werner would also be keen on a move to Marco Rose’s side if a concrete offer was ever put forward by the German giants. Dortmund are currently in danger of losing current striker Erling Haaland in the summer and will likely be in need of another centre-forward to fill his void; however, Werner’s reported £250,000 per week salary could be a stumbling block in any potential deal. While it is far too early to label it a tipping point, Tuchel was very pleased with his compatriot’s performance against Luton in the FA Cup. "Timo played very well," Tuchel said after the match. I am happy about that and the fact that Romelu [Lukaku] got his goal. That is why we left them on the pitch. "These matches are, at the moment, the most important matches for them, even if they think they should have played this match or that match." Werner and Lukaku combined for the Blues’ vital winning goal which saw them progress into the FA Cup quarter finals. Werner also appeared to be pleased and perhaps somewhat relieved with his contributions at Kenilworth Road. "I am happy that I made my goal and an assist," he told BBC Sport. "I tried to help the team as much as I could to win the game and this is what we did today."