By claiming Pension Credit, pensioners could increase their weekly income significantly, with the average recipient getting £3,000 a year, according to experts. Pension Credit is a benefit which is available to pensioners who are on lower incomes. The core element of Pension Credit, which is Guarantee Credit, provides a weekly income top up, which could take someone’s income to: It may be possible for people to get even greater support depending on their circumstances, as additional amounts can be paid to those who have other responsibilities and costs. READ MORE: Universal Credit rule change could make Britons earning up to £50,000 now eligible For example, those with a severe disability could get an extra £67.30 a week of Pension Credit if they get any of the following benefits: DON'T MISSSunak unleashes inheritance tax and capital gains tax blitz in April - do this NOW [ALERT]Bank of England issues grim inflation warning as interest rates rise to 0.75% [WARNING]State pensioners could get extra £358 a month but they must apply for this DWP benefit [INSIGHT] Britons who care for another adult could get an extra £37.70 a week if: If both partners have claimed or are getting Carer’s Allowance, they can both get this extra amount. People who are responsible for children or young people could get an extra £54.60 a week for each child or young person they are responsible for. This rises to £65.10 a week for the first child if they were born before April 6, 2017. Claimants could also get an extra amount to help cover their housing costs, such as: There is a different form of Pension Credit, known as Savings Credit, which could be available to people who have too much income to claim Guarantee Credit. It is only available to those who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016, and could pay up to £14.04 a week to single pensioners or £15.71 a week to those with a partner.  To determine someone’s eligibility for Pension Credit, they will have their income assessed. This also decides how much someone can get, if they are indeed eligible. The state pension, other pensions, earnings from employment and self-employment and most social security benefits will count as income in the calculation. Pensioners can use the official Government website to apply for Pension Credit. They can also apply by phone on 0800 99 1234 or by post.