The dog, a female Chow Chow thought to be around two years old, was found on Kew Bridge, West London on Tuesday morning. Kimberly Beavis, 30, discovered the dog at 4.30am when she was driving over the bridge with her partner. Ms Beavis revealed the pup was in a terrible condition, trapped in a cage covered in its own vomit and faeces. She told My London: “We were coming back from a food shop in Isleworth. We were driving past and I thought I saw a dog cage. “I asked my partner who was driving to reverse. We went closer and we saw the dog. It was sitting in its own poo and vomit. “There was only a bowl that had no water in it. It didn’t even have a blanket. It was awful, I never thought I’d see something like that in my life.” Ms Beavis said she believed the dog could have been stolen and used for breeding before being dumped on the roadside. She added: “The cage had padlocks on it. It had a cut on its face. It had manky eyes, but she didn’t look malnourished. “What I got from it - which I hope is the case - is that maybe she’s a stolen dog and somebody just used her for breeding. I’m not saying that’s gospel, but that’s what it looks like.” Ms Beavis, a carer, and partner Justin Redman, a refuse worker, said the dog had been handed over to the Blue Cross animal welfare charity in Victoria, Central London. She said she was so overwhelmed by the state of the pup when the pair found her that she took several minutes to compose herself. She and her partner then took the dog to their home, where they cleaned her up and wrapped her in a blanket. Ms Beavis said the pup was initially jumpy when they discovered her but soon calmed down when they took her home, even allowing the pair’s children to stroke her. She explained: “She was so dirty it took us about four hours to clean her. She was very scared, but she didn’t bark once. She was very temperamental. “She did try to do a runner at first, but she didn’t once try to attack us like a vicious dog. She let my kids stroke her. READ MORE: Rescue dog who hid in kennel staring at wall now unrecognisable “I then took her to the Blue Cross in Victoria. They told us she was microchipped so she has an owner. “I asked ‘what if they’re the ones who did this, how can you guarantee you won’t be giving her back to the ones who did this to her?’. They promised that would never happen.” Ms Beavis said she hoped the animal would be reunited with her rightful owner if it had, in fact, been stolen. She has been posting on Facebook in the hope that someone might come forward to claim the pup. She added that whoever was to blame for the dog’s current state ought to be prosecuted. She said: “I’m hoping and praying she was stolen and she goes back to her rightful owner. DON'T MISS:Ukraine LIVE: Putin humiliated as Russian soldiers 'refuse to fight' [LIVE]Kate and William squirm as Jamaica PM outlines plan to become republic [BREAKING]What Putin fears most - key insight into mind of Russian despot [INSIGHT] “But if the person who did this was someone who just couldn’t cope, they could have just gone on to Facebook and found someone who could. “I want to know who left the dog. Whoever did this needs to be prosecuted.” The couple have notified the RSPCA and the local dog warden to try to reunite the animal with its owners. But if the Chow Chow cannot be reunited with its owner, Ms Beavis said she was prepared to take her in herself and give the animal a new loving home. She said the family have already “fallen in love” with the pup, even giving her a nickname. Ms Beavis said: “We’ve notified the RSPCA and the Hounslow dog warden, but if someone doesn’t come forward, I want her for myself, because I’ve literally fallen in love. “If no one comes forward I’m going to contact Animal Welfare in Hounslow and ask what I have to do to have her. If she needs testing I’ll pay for it. “We’ve fallen in love. We actually nicknamed her Ivy-Bella.”