The service, held at Westminster Abbey, brought together numerous members of the Royal Family to honour the late Duke of Edinburgh. The Queen, following recent health concerns, attended, leading the Firm from the helm. The service was attended by senior royals including Prince Charles, Princess Anne and Prince William – alongside their respective partners. Also, royal fans got a rare glimpse of the eldest Cambridge children during the event. Prince George, eight, and Princess Charlotte, six, were seen entering the Abbey with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. Charlotte held her mother’s hand while George walked with William.  As they entered the Abbey, the children greeted and shook hands with officials, including the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Cambridge family then made their way to their seats near the front of the Abbey. They were seated in the row directly in front of Prince William's cousins, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, who were accompanied by their husbands Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi and Jack Brooksbank. An adorable moment was spotted between Charlotte and Beatrice as the congregation stood to sing a hymn. READ MORE: Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit behind daughters' at memorial Footage from the event shows young Charlotte gazing around the building as those in attendance sang - before she caught the eye of Beatrice behind her. As the eyes of the pair met, Beatrice gave an exaggerated smile to the young princess, who in return gave a wide smile back to her dad's cousin. After spotting the moment during the coverage of the event, royal fans took to Twitter gush over their sweet relationship. One said: “Aw I have a feeling they have always had a lovely relationship! A pic from Eugenie’s wedding comes to mind.” Another simply said “That’s cute” before a user added: "Looks like Charlotte looks up to her. Bless." DON'T MISS Queen's appearance at Prince Philip service may serve as blueprint [INSIGHT] Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her? [POLL] Prince Andrew 'will remain in the wilderness' - no public return [REVEAL] A third gushed: “Absolutely beautiful. What a lovely exchange. No words needed. The look of love says it all." While a fourth wrote: “Princess Beatrice and Princess Charlotte eye to eye and smiles are so sweet." Charlotte was also involved in sweet exchange as she left the service. The youngest was spotted exchanging a hello with another of the Queen's young great-granddaughters, Mia Tindall. As Charlotte left the service alongside her parents William and Kate, Zara could be seen pointing out the young princess to Mia, who was sitting beside her. As the two young girls passed one another, Mia gave her younger relative a huge wave as they left the service. Charlotte, Mia and their siblings have all been pictured together at events in the past. Both Zara’s children and the three Cambridge kids feature in snaps taken by the Duchess of Cambridge at the Queen’s Balmoral Estate alongside the Queen. The youngsters also feature in snaps alongside one another from Princess Eugenie’s wedding in 2018.