Kate Garraway has been caring for her husband Derek at home after he was discharged from hospital last year following months of being treated in an NHS hospital for the impact coronavirus had on his body. The father of two still has a long way to go as he continues to make progress in getting his life back on track and the Good Morning Britain presenter has spoken many times about the experience she has had watching her spouse try to recover. On Friday, the ITV star spoke with guest Sharon Churchill about how she was prepared to get into debt to pay for private treatment as the waiting times under the NHS was too long. Trying to sympathise with the guest, Kate said: "Not only are you in excruciating pain, but I would imagine very fearful over how this was going to progress. "Because it is an operation that if you didn't have, it could have led to more damage you might well have felt. You're hanging by a balance. "I mean a dilemma of accessing private medicine or continuing to wait for NHS, I don't know what you've been through but it's a conversation I've been having with Derek's treatment," she explained. Opening up on her own point of view, the presenter added: "It's such a tough one because if you don't have that money, then what do you do at that point? "But then on the other hand, there's no price on being out on pain and in good health, is there?" Derek's wife remarked. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail This conversation came as exclusive research conducted by GMB found members of the public in their millions are waiting for NHS treatment. More and more people are getting into debt to go private and Sharon spoke about why she had to take action to gain a better quality of life. The guest was told she would have to wait eight to nine months for a back operation after she sustained a trapped nerve in her spine. Unable to deal with the pain, earlier this year she borrowed over £7,500 to enable her to go private for the care she needed Talking with the presenters, she said: "It got to a point where I just couldn't go on, really." "I just crashed. I had stenosis of the spine as well and I was taken into A&E for four days with no help," Sharon continued. "They sent me home, still suffering and in agony and it got to the point where I couldn't move my neck and I couldn't move my arms. "I was screaming in agonising pain. I couldn't go upstairs so I slept on [the dining table] and it was my bed. "I was then told I had to wait for seven to nine months before they could even do any kind of surgery unless I had become incontinent. "It was horrendous and in the end, I wanted to die because I couldn't see the end of any hope because the painkillers didn't work." DON'T MISS...'What a frightening week' Kate Garraway inundated with support [COMMENT]Piers Morgan urges Kate Garraway to 'keep battling' over new Derek doc [COMMENT]Lucy Alexander in tearful reaction to Kate Garraway doc after 'trauma [COMMENT] "I was just in excruciating pain and I am totally traumatised by the whole incident and I don't know how I coped," she continued. It was Sharon's husband who told her they needed to go private as he saw how much pain his wife was in and this is a very similar situation Kate has gone through. The presenter has explained how her spouse ended up going to Mexico in order to seek treatment for the impact Covid-19 had on his body. Kate accompanied her other half to Monterrey for an assessment to be carried out by a renowned American doctor to see if they could offer any advice. "It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited," the mother of two said in an interview. "He is just so desperate to get better - he will do anything he can to make that happen," Kate added as she spoke with The Sun. It has been reported Derek is going to fly out to the clinic this month for a 28-day stay where medical professionals will assess his body's functions. The treatment has had a huge impact on the family as Kate explained: "It’s like there’s both grief and hope in the same moment. “There are flashes of the old Derek and then he disappears again, and you’re left just feeling really lonely. "Derek dreams about the ‘before’, and every morning it’s just so, so awful seeing him wake up, and the realisation of where he is." “There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes, every single morning. You can just see it," she explained. The presenter hopes the results of Derek's trip to hospital will allow him to come back to the UK and get treatment for free on the NHS. Kate said: "Because of his extreme health needs, he has 24-hour care. Someone has to be awake during the night and someone has to be awake during the day. "I can't be awake 24 hours so it's fantastic to have that. "The physical movement is so restricted, he's very heavy. When he's tired which is a lot of the time, he's a dead weight. I do think about people who are doing that on their own." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.