 Grantchester will be making its ITV come back for season seven on Friday to the delight of its loyal fans. The well-loved drama will see DI George 'Geordie' Keating (played by Robson Green) and Reverend Will Davenport (Tom Brittney) join forces to solve more cases in Cambridgeshire. Will actor Tom has starred in the show since season four when he took over from James Norton. Ahead of the new series airing, Tom admitted bosses of the show have "rejected" his storyline ideas "multiple times".    Season seven of Grantchester is set in the long hot summer of 1959, with wedding season in full swing. Among Will's many brides-to-be is Adele Fitzgerald (Anna Wilson-Jones), who lives on the Fitzgerald Estate with her spinster sister. However, the series soon takes a dark turn when the body of a dead man is found on the grounds and is soon identified as the sisters' brother Lord Edmund Fitzgerald. As Will and Geordie investigate the Fitzgerald family history they find themselves looking into Edmund’s own romantic past. Could a story of lost love hold the clue to his killer?  READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? Sharing what themes will be explored in season seven, Tom explained: "I think the family may be the biggest one in this series." He added: "With Will, his storyline with his relationships and something that happens later on in the series that could really destroy everyone. "There are a lot of secrets that come to the surface that test the Grantchester family unit and their love for one another and the bonds they’ve made with each other." One of the newest cast members for the latest series is Bonnie (Charlotte Ritchie) who plays Cathy Keating's (Kacey Ainsworth) niece.  Tom gushed about working alongside the Ghosts actress, adding: "She’s great! I’ve seen Charlotte in a lot of projects before and I was so pleased that she came to star in Grantchester, it was a joy! "We got along so well and she’s so funny. We’re lucky that everyone that comes to guest star in the show always fits in so well, there’s never any ego." He revealed it felt like Charlotte, 32, had been part of the cast "for years from day one". When asked about the secret to the show's popularity, the actor said: "Not many shows continue to run for seven series, what do you think the secret is to Grantchester’s popularity? It’s a melting pot of loads of key ingredients. DON'T MISS...Grantchester season 7 release date, cast, trailer, plot [LATEST]Robson Green ‘horror’ after prank went wrong: ‘I s*** myself’ [UPDATE]Robson Green's joke at music with Jerome: 'Highlight when we stopped' [INTERVIEW] "I think it starts with the love for the show, the scripts are so well written, the locations are amazing, the producers, the execs and everyone at ITV care so much about what they are making and they really love the show and that filters down to Robson and I making sure it’s a fun set and I get to work with my best mate every day!" Both Tom and his 57-year-old co-star Robson are known for being "pretty musical". So when Tom was asked if he has ever suggested a Grantchester storyline where you could show that off, he replied: "Of course, we have, multiple times!" "And we’ve been rejected multiple times! Who knows? I still hope that it’ll happen!"  Grantchester fans will remember seeing Geordie and his wife Cathy's relationship start to suffer at the end of season six after the detective found it difficult to cope after fighting in the war. The season ended with his marriage up in the air and Will's relationship with his faith unsettled. Will they manage to work through their personal demons in the upcoming series? Grantchester returns for season seven on ITV on Friday, March 11 at 9pm. 