Manchester United are ‘paying close attention’ to Benfica forward Darwin Nunez as they plan a pursuit of a new striker in the summer transfer window, according to reports. Nunez has been outstanding for the Portuguese side this season and could strike a blow to Liverpool’s Champions League hopes in the clubs’ last-16 tie in April.   The 22-year-old has been in excellent form this season, scoring 20 goals in 22 league matches. He has a further four strikes in eight Champions League games. Express Sport reported earlier in March that Nunez is of interest to Arsenal. The Gunners will also be in the market for a goalscorer as they are set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah to free transfers in the summer. But it seems Arsenal will have plenty of competition from their Premier League rivals. United appear keen on signing a younger striker to complement the experience of Cristiano Ronaldo and Edinson Cavani.   JUST IN: Man Utd ‘ready to splash £76m on Tammy Abraham' despite Chelsea clause 90min claim that the Red Devils have ‘paid close attention’ to Nunez’s performances in Portugal, watching him on at least six occasions. The report adds that the Uruguay international is keen on a move to the English top-flight, which will boost the hopes of United and Arsenal. Tottenham, Aston Villa and Newcastle are apparently also interested in signing Nunez and have made contact with his agent. The player has a release clause of over £100million but a figure closer to £65m would be enough to secure the signature of the star. Nunez joined Benfica from Almeria in a club-record £21m deal in 2020. He scored just six league goals as he acclimatised to new surroundings, but his form has soared in his second term with the club. DON'T MISS...Chelsea provide Cesar Azpilicueta 'assurances' as Barcelona eye moveRoy Keane takes aim at Gareth Southgate for defending Harry MaguireChelsea were 'best-placed' to sign Tchouameni before sanctions hit And he will have the perfect opportunity to audition to English clubs next month as Benfica clash with Liverpool in the Champions League. United and Arsenal will both have a striker high on the priorities ahead of the off-season. A decision on their targets will likely depend on who their head coach is, with Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino the favourites. Meanwhile, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta faces the unique scenario of losing each of the first-team forward with whom he began the campaign. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang departed to Barcelona after falling out with the Spaniard, while Lacazette and Nketiah both see their contracts expire at the end of June.   