Ferrari cruised to their first victory in Formula One since Sebastian Vettel won the Singapore Grand Prix in September 2019 on Sunday, as Charles Leclerc eased to a first-place finish in Bahrain. And with Carlos Sainz coming second due to Max Verstappen's failure to complete the race because of reliability problems, the Italian team have fired warnings to their rivals Mercedes and Red Bull that this is only just the start of a prosperous campaign. The Prancing Horse had failed to win a race for almost two-and-a-half years before the season opener in the Middle East. The season's new regulations found teams having to alter their vehicles ahead of the new campaign, something which Ferrari took into their stride. Mercedes found that their car was porpoising a lot, thus slowing down title favourite Lewis Hamilton and prodigy George Russell. Meanwhile, Red Bull's cars experienced issues in the final few laps of the Bahrain Grand Prix, with both Verstappen and Sergio Perez failing to complete the race due to engine issues. This helped Ferrari to secure their first one-two finish since Singapore 2019 and team principal Mattia Binotto has claimed it is just the start for the 16-time constructors' champions. "I'm pretty sure that at the next race we're going to start pushing the car further," he said. "That's even more important now that we have a budget ceiling, so we can't go wrong because we have only a few development opportunities." The result leaves Ferrari on 44 points, already well ahead of last-placed Red Bull who missed out on big points due to their double retirement which came after having placed second and fourth in qualifying. And Monaco-born Leclerc said his first win since the 2019 Italian Grand Prix felt good for both himself and the team. "It feels good," Leclerc said. "The last two years have been incredibly difficult for the team. "We were quite hopeful that this new opportunity for us was an opportunity to be back in the front, and I think we have worked extremely well as a team to find yourself again in a position to fight for better places. "I will still stay cautious. I mean the pace is there, but the race is long and anything can happen so I need to stay on it." The next race is in Saudi Arabia on Sunday. And Leclerc and Sainz will be hoping to record another one-two to send another message to Red Bull and Mercedes.