Subsequently, if a person can lower their visceral fat levels to healthy levels, they can reduce their risks of these conditions. There are two methods that, when used together, can help a person reduce their visceral fat. Exercise, at least 150 minutes per week, and a balanced diet can help a person improve their fitness. However, there is a debate over whether cardio (running, cycling, swimming, walking) or resistance (use of weights) is the most effective form of exercise with regard to combating visceral fat. READ MORE: Dementia: The drink that could cause the brain to shrink and reduce me A study published in the International Journal of Obesity may have the answer - it’s both. Published in 2015, the researchers concluded: “our findings show that both modalities of exercise training whether performed separately or in combination decreased subcutaneous abdominal fat.” The effectiveness of the combination of both forms of exercise was found to be particularly effective in adolescents attempting to lose weight. Whether it’s lifting weights in the gym, hitting the pavement for a run, or pacing through London on the bike, any exercise can help reduce visceral fat.  Meanwhile, a ‘weight loss jab’ delivered on the NHS is now available in high-street chain Boots. The NHS describes Saxenda, also known as Liraglutide, as a “weight loss medicine that works by making you feel fuller and less hungry”. Previously a patient could only take the drug if it was prescribed to them by their GP. However, it has become available to purchase in Boots and Lloyds Pharmacies; an individual wishing to purchase the medication can only do so after they have applied for an online consultation. Previously approved in 2017, Saxenda has only been recently approved for use by the NHS. The NHS recommends that Saxenda is “not recommended if you’re pregnant or breastfeeding or have certain health conditions, such as liver or kidney problems”. After a patient is first prescribed liraglutide they will have a review with their GP after three months. If they’ve lost at least five percent of their body weight, they’ll be advised to carry on their prescription. In order to obtain Saxenda a patient must reach certain criteria that concern their age, BMI, and whether they have tried other methods of weight loss. A report in the Commons Library published early last year on obesity statistics in the UK found that over a quarter of the population was obese. Furthermore, it is estimated that over 64 percent of British adults are overweight, with a BMI of 25 or higher. For more information on how to cut visceral fat and lose weight, contact the NHS or consult with your GP.