Many state pensioners are struggling with their income, but there is support available. Primarily, this is available through Pension Credit - designed to help those on a low income. Pension Credit provides Britons over state pension age with extra money to help with living costs. It can also help older people with housing costs such as ground rent or service charges. However, it is estimated that a third of those entitled to the payment are failing to claim. Approximately, this means 850,000 families are missing out on support. READ MORE: Pension warning as Britons ‘dragged’ into 55% 'stealth' tax This means income-poor pensioners are missing out on an average of £1,900 a year. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, recently stated: “Pension Credit is designed to top-up the incomes of the poorest pensioners but a third of those entitled to claim – about 850,000 families – are failing to claim. “There is up to £1.7billion of cash that is not being received, an average of around £1,900 a family. “The human story to this is the hundreds of thousands of people who are struggling to make ends meet who may not realise financial help is available or do not know how to navigate the system. DON'T MISSFree prescription age could change - some items 'always free' [INSIGHT]State pensioners with arthritis could get £89 per week boost [EXPLAINED]Barclays scam warning as pensioner, 75, loses £12,000 [WARNING] “Pensioners are facing a steep increase in inflation which could rise to over seven percent this year according to the Bank of England. “That would outstrip by some margin the one-off ‘double lock’ state pension increase of 3.1 percent that is coming in April.” Mr Lowe suggested that as the cost of living continues to skyrocket, now is a perfect time to see whether one is entitled to support. Pension Credit could prove to be a lifeline for those who are impacted by income struggles and rising energy bills. A claim for Pension Credit can be started up to four months before a person reaches state pension age. Individuals can apply any time after they reach state pension age, widening the net of eligibility. However, the application can only be backdated by three months. This means people can get up to three months of Pension Credit in their first payment if they were eligible during that time. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Britons will need certain information to hand, including: Those applying by phone or by post will also need to provide their bank details. The online service is seen as the quickest way to apply. This can only be used by those who have already applied for their state pension sum. 