Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang grabbed two goals and an assist as Barcelona brushed aside Real Madrid in Sunday's El Clasico at the Bernabeu. But, as has often been the case with Aubameyang, his goal celebration has captured some of the headlines. The Gabon star has now scored seven goals in seven La Liga appearances for Barca since joining from Arsenal in January. His two strikes in the Europa League mean he has already scored more for Barca in all competitions this season than he did for the Gunners. It was Aubameyang who gave his side the lead in the 29th minute on Sunday. Ousmane Dembele provided the assist for his former Borussia Dortmund team-mate. Ronald Araujo and Ferran Torres scored either side of half-time to put Barca 3-0 up. Aubameyang then grabbed his second to further stun the Madrid faithful. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win  After the assistant referee initially deemed him to be offside, a VAR check confirmed the goal should stand. And Aubameyang pulled off another trademark celebration afterwards. The 32-year-old ran over to the touchline to find a small ball that had seemingly been placed there before the match. He held the ball out in front of him in his left hand while putting two fingers to his forehead. Some fans will have been scratching their heads as to what Aubameyang was doing. But many will have recognised the reference to the Japanese kids show Dragon Ball Z. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ralf Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES]Arsenal's £184m transfer mission on three signings will provide true test for Mikel Arteta [OPINION]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has five problems to solve over international break [COMMENT]  After the match, Aubameyang posted a split image of him and one of the show's main characters, Goku. He captioned a tweet: "Hello from the finished player". He also spoke to Spanish media to explain his celebration. Aubameyang said: "It was a Dragon Ball ball. "With it you can make a wish. I wanted to win and score a goal for my grandparents, who have left. A friend of mine gave it to me. I thought about it today." Barca now sit third in La Liga but are still 12 points behind Real at the top. Aubameyang says it is a dream come true to score in El Clasico and is excited for what the future holds for the Nou Camp club. He told Barca media: "I think that is a great thing. I want to tell the truth, I think this is the beginning of the new era.  "So much talent, so many young players as well. Definitely this is something good for the team mentally. We are just happy to win this game. "Yeah definitely [it's a dream come true]. I was hoping for that to tell the truth and yes we did it, I did it, so I'm really happy tonight. "It's really something special to come here and score goals. So yeah really, really happy."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here