James May vented his frustrations on Twitter as The Grand Tour presenter urged people to be patient after a significant delay with his latest venture. The former Top Gear presenter explained that there had been a hold-up with getting his own brand of craft gin onto the European continent before he suggested that politics, most notably Brexit, sparked the problem. The 59-year-old, who is a familiar face alongside his Grand Tour co-stars Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson, recently switched gears from television and has now turned his hand to distilling craft gin with his own brand, James Gin. Taking to Twitter, the on-screen star shared his thoughts which was met with some backlash from critics. In view of his 3.1 million followers, James shared a message where he added that the situation was "not his fault". But he encouraged people to be patient amid export delays. READ MORE: Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’ He wrote: "Europeans: we are working hard to bring you JamesGin, but recent political events have made it more complicated than it should be. I didn’t vote for that b****x so it’s not my fault. Stand by." Twitter user, A Citizen reacted harshly, writing: "F*** off." James replied: "Gladly." Magnus Testament said: "James May: Remoaner Confirmed."  Allan Lunn commented: "No you didn't but democracy did. So don't blame Brexit for your failure to do whatever was needed in time to sell your gin to EU countries. You had two years to sort it out." Pete Bassist remarked: "It isn't b*****ks James... Don't go down that route." James comments come after the car-enthusiast recently ventured into the world of spirits with his first bottle called Asian Parsnip Gin. The former Top Gear presenter confirmed that the limited edition is available for people in the United States to purchase but not in Europe at present. DON'T MISS... Catherine Tyldesley talks 'straddle' positions with husband[LATEST]Dan Walker reacts after colleague forced to pull out of show[TV]Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat[REPLACEMENT] In an earlier tweet, James said: "Limited first edition is selling out very quickly, me hearties. "Just sayin. #YoHoHoAndABottleOfGin." Brexit came into effect in January last year, after the UK came out of an 11-month transition period. However, the UK has not yet seen the economic benefits of Brexit, in part due to the financial implications posed by coronavirus. It comes as the UK is facing a cost of living crisis, with a rise in inflation and a National Insurance increase to start in April. In 2016, Britain voted to leave the European Union (EU) and officially left in January 2020. Since Brexit, the UK has had the freedom to pursue its own trade deals and set up trade agreements with other countries. In January 2021, some, but not all, of the provisions of the Trade and Cooperation Agreement (TCA) came into effect following the UK's departure from the EU - as a result, UK to EU trade supply fell sharply.