The Queen has access to a staggering jewellery collection most of us could only dream of owning. But despite the treasure trove of diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires at her disposal, the Queen turns back time and again to her classic pearls for daily duties. Pearls have long been an emblem of regality and wealth, making them a fitting choice for the Queen, and she often opts for three-strand necklaces. Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, told Express.co.uk: "Pearl necklaces are a wardrobe staple in The Queen’s enormous collection of jewellery. "She is almost never seen not wearing her beloved pearls. In fact, she owns three beautiful triple-strand pearl necklaces, some of which she has worn throughout her long reign. "There are two reasons that the Queen loves pearls so much. The first is that queens dating back thousands of years have always worn pearls - it's traditional to do so. They signify rarity, presence and power. READ MORE: Prince William and Prince Louis enjoy park walk ahead of Royal tour  "The second reason that pearls are so close to the Queen’s heart is that her parents; in continuation with a tradition that Queen Victoria had started, gifted little Princess Elizabeth with two pearls every year on her birthday to result in a complete pearl necklace on her 18th birthday." Most pictures taken of the Queen during her lifetime show her wearing pearls, and the classic gem has become synonymous with the monarch. So due to the historical significance of the Queen's pearl necklaces, they might fetch a multi-million-pound sum in the off chance she ever wishes to part with them. Ms Borrowman added: "Owing to their sentimental and historical significance, each of the Queen's three-strand pearl necklaces would be worth over £5,000,000.”  In addition to the Queen's three-strand necklaces, there are several other dazzling pearl pieces in the royal collection. The Queen's four-strand pearl and diamond choker was famously worn by Kate, Duchess of Cambridge to Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021. Kate had previously worn the necklace to the Queen and Prince Philip's 70th wedding anniversary in 2017. Before it became a firm favourite of the Duchess of Cambridge, however, the Queen also wore the design while dressed up for formal royal events in previous years. DON'T MISS:Scots react to Queen's Balmoral decision 'she likes it up here' [INSIGHT] A look at Balmoral - the Queen's 'lovely base' in Scottish Highlands [PICTURES]Prince Philip memorial guest list - the royals who will attend [REVEAL]  Although pearls have been a popular jewellery choice for centuries, according to another expert, the precious gems are very trendy at the moment. Olivia Smith, founder of Olivia and Pearl, told Express.co.uk: "In the year of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee it’s so special to see pearls at the forefront of fashion, with designers such as Givenchy and Simone Rocha celebrating the beauty of the pearl in their recent shows. "A true pearl icon, the Queen is often seen wearing her beloved graduated pearl necklace, gifted to her by her father. "The necklace possesses a unique refinement, sensuality and strength that resonates deeply with the idea of matriarchal power right now. "The simplicity, clean lines and lustrous tones reflect light, creating a flattering glow to the face and scream female modernity." 