Mercedes chief Toto Wolff had been tracking Max Verstappen prior to the Red Bull star ‘signing a new deal’, according to reports. The Dutch driver is primed to stay with Christian Horner’s team for another five years. And that suggests he won’t be joining the Silver Arrows anytime soon, or potentially ever. Verstappen broke the hearts of both Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton when he won the F1 title in December in chaotic circumstances in Abu Dhabi. The 24-year-old had trailed for the majority of the race in the Middle East, only for a safety car to allow him to claim the first crown of his career. Now, the Daily Mail have claimed that Verstappen has penned a bumper new deal with Red Bull worth in the region of £40million a year. That makes him one of the best-paid drivers on the planet, putting him on a par with Hamilton as the new season creeps closer. And the publication states that, prior to Verstappen extending his contract, Mercedes chief Wolff had been ‘tracking’ the Dutchman. However, relations breaking down at Silverstone have ultimately cost the Silver Arrows any chance of a potential raid. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The Red Bull star was involved in a 180mph collision with Hamilton at the British Grand Prix. And he was livid at the enthusiasm of Mercedes’ celebrations while he was in hospital, receiving treatment. It’s stated that the fallout ‘put paid’ to even the slightest chance of Wolff luring Verstappen to the Silver Arrows. And it now seems as though Mercedes will have to watch Verstappen from afar, hoping he slips up as Hamilton looks to win his title back. The Brit was on the verge of a historic eighth crown back in December that would have moved him ahead of Michael Schumacher in the history books. And Hamilton will be raring to go as he looks to prove he’s the best F1 driver on the grid in 2022, as opposed to Verstappen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here While Verstappen was angry with Mercedes after the drama at Silverstone, Wolff instead chose to hail Hamilton and his performance that day. “I think first of all we've seen a dramatic and exciting race today, with Lewis winning the British Grand Prix again, and catching Charles at the end, so I think that was something for everybody,” said Wolff. “As for the incident, it always takes two to tango, and these two are not giving each other an inch. “It's a high-speed corner… These things are nasty to look at, but there is a clear regulation and that is something that is black and white on paper and as a racing driver, you may have different perspective from the car, but you need to exactly understand that if the front axle is over the middle of the car on the outside, it's your corner. “Now you can say, is that a corner that is equivalent to any other? Maybe not. But again, an accident involves two drivers. “At the end they were racing each other hard. “During the race we saw overtaking there, Charles and Lewis was another example, and I think you just need to give each other [room]. “That would have been my opinion.” Red Bull chief Helmut Marko said back in December, meanwhile, that Verstappen would never join Mercedes because of the British Grand Prix controversy. When asked about the prospect, the Austrian told the Formel1.de YouTube channel "There is no such danger. “Too much was destroyed in Silverstone.” Marko also expressed a belief that Verstappen was the ‘fastest, most consistent and most aggressive’ driver Red Bull have ever had. “[He is] the fastest, most consistent and most aggressive driver we’ve ever had”, the Austrian stated, before going on to compare him to Ayrton Senna. “These two drivers are comparable in terms of their mentality, their personality and their aggressiveness. “We are lucky to have someone like that.”