Below Deck Down Under is airing exclusively on Peacock and the reality TV series follows a new crew across the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. Captain Jason Chambers, who has a daughter, is running the ship. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the reality star is. Jason is a superyacht captain who has become the youngest ever to take up such a position. The family man has a young daughter and he is based in Asia. When he is not on the show, he works as a captain for Yacht Pursuit and has done so since 2018. He has worked on private expeditions in Asia and across the Pacific. For years he has worked on charter and private yachts around the world. READ MORE: Why is Aesha Scott in Below Deck Down Under? His exact age has not been revealed, but he is believed to be in his late 30s. The second-youngest captain in the franchise is Below Deck's Sean Meagher at 52 years old. Jason has been dubbed 'Captain Cutie' for his dashing good looks and charming personality. He opened up about the difficulty of juggling his work with seeing his young daughter. His little girl, Saskia, is seven years old and she lives with her mother in the Phillippines. Jason and his daughter spent more than a year apart during the coronavirus pandemic. Speaking to Distractify he said: "It's difficult, I've been struggling to do that for seven years now, being away from her. "I'm doing everything I can to bring her more into my life as the years go on. "Hopefully, this journey that I'm on now allows me to see her a little bit longer." Fans are hoping the dishy captain will return for another season of Below Deck Down Under. DON'T MISS... Below Deck's Tom Pearson shares 'juicy bits' of new series [INSIGHT] Below Deck’s Erica Rose defends Gary King against ‘two-faced’ Daisy [DISCUSSION] Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT] In the trailer for the series, the crew members are heard calling him "handsome". Fans have already taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the young captain. Joe Mendoza said: "I am soooo looking forward to #BelowDeckDownUnder on @peacockTV. "Hi hunky captain Jason Chambers, sexy bosun Jamie Sayed and the rest of the hot deckhands and stews! "And I LOVE chief stew Aesha Scott! Can't wait!" [Sic] Threewick simply said alongside a photo of Jason: "We need to talk about #BelowDeckDownUnder's Captain Jason." Below Deck veteran captain Sandy Yawn wished the young leader the best of luck. She said: "Welcome Capt Jason! Can't wait to watch #BelowDeckDownUnder!"  Below Deck Down Under airs on Peacock