Aside from not being able to ensure their late loved one’s wishes are carried out, heirs left without a will may face a number of other problems as current intestacy rules were created almost 100 years ago. Intestacy rules are enacted to help distribute an estate when no will is left, and partner at Roythornes Solicitors Jak Ward warned of the consequences if Britons don’t understand them.  Mr Ward shared exclusively with Express.co.uk: “In a nutshell, if someone fails to understand the intestacy rules then there's a possibility that they may fail to distribute an estate correctly." The person put in charge of an estate left in intestate could face “a potential claim by a lawful beneficiary of the estate” if they don’t follow intestacy rules “to the letter”. Mr Ward further explained: “The claim could be one for directions from the court as to the correct administration of the estate, which is a less hostile type of claim. “However, it could be more severe, such as a claim for breach of trust or the personal representative to be removed from their position.”  Accidentally mis-distributing the estate could honestly happen in cases without a will but if the court finds the person left in charge of the estate “acted maliciously or intentionally” reparations can include: The current intestacy rules were created in 1925, and while they have been reviewed since they have not had a comprehensive review in more than 20 years. As these rules have been in place for so long, and with strikingly few Britons having an actual will, it is incorrectly assumed that Britons understand intestacy.  Mr Ward explained the extent that not having a will impacts one’s estate when they die: “When a person dies leaving no will, they are said to have died intestate. As they have not provided directions as to how they wish their assets to be dealt with, their estate is shared out in accordance with a set of legal principles known as ‘the intestacy rules’. “The ever-changing scope of modern-day families mean the intestacy rules have been subject to scrutiny for not reflecting modern-day circumstances and being inflexible – causing inter-family disputes involving half-siblings, illegitimate children, cohabitant/concubine relationships and separations without divorce.” This is why people are urged to make a will to avoid any “unwanted devolution” of their wealth and keep somewhat strenuous family relationships intact. Mr Ward explained that intestacy can cause turbulence within the family left behind as the rules “are not a hard and fast set of principles” and differ depending on the value of the estate and those potentially inheriting it.  He noted that the following situations are “worthy of extra attention” and what the resulting outcome would be: Estates worth less than £270,000 where the deceased is survived by their spouse: The spouse will take everything. Estates worth more than £270,000 where the deceased is survived by their spouse but no children: The spouse will take everything. Estates worth more than £270,000 where the deceased is survived by their spouse and children: The spouse will take the first £270,000 and personal possessions with the remaining amount will go into a trust where the spouse will get absolute interest in half of the remainder and the other half being split amongst the children equally. Estates worth more than £270,000 where the deceased is survived by their spouse but where their child has already died and was survived by their own children, the deceased’s grandchildren: The spouse will take the first £270,000 and personal possessions with the remaining amount will go into a trust where the spouse will get absolute interest in half of the remainder and the grandchildren can take their parent’s share.  Estates survived by their children but no spouse: The children will inherit the entire estate in equal shares, or where a child had pre-deceased the parent the deceased’s grandchildren can receive their parent’s share. Estates that have no surviving relatives to go to: The entire estate will go to the crown bona vacantia. Deceased survived only by relatives that are not their spouse or children: Relatives will inherit the estate in a hierarchical order as follow: Mr Ward concluded by highlighting the unfair aspect of intestacy: “It is important to remember that the intestacy rules do not recognise unmarried ’common law’ partners. As I’ve suggested already, the rules can be inequitable or unfair. However, surviving dependents of the deceased may be able to bring a claim against the estate under the Inheritance (Provision for Family and Dependants) Act 1975.”