It is believed they died instantly in the cruise missile blast which reportedly killed several more than previously through - possibly well over 100 - according to the Daily Mirror. Insiders have said the three men were not part of the foreign fighters unit that was being trained at the Yavoriv base on the edge of the border with Poland. It remains unclear which branch of special forces they had served in.  In the latest horrific moment during Russia's invasion of Ukraine, up to 30 cruise missiles were fired at the base - just 35 miles from the Ukrainian city of Lviv where thousands of refugees have flocked to. It is believed six Russian bombers from within Russia fired all of the missiles, although several of these were shot down by Ukrainian ground defence systems. Following the horrific blasts on Sunday, UK Foreign Office sources had said they were unaware of any British casualties. The Ministry of Defence (MoD) also confirmed there were no serving personnel killed or injured in the explosions. A source told the Daily Mirror: “There were many more killed within the site than has been claimed and bodies are still being found. “I do not believe the three British ex-military personnel would have known anything about it, fortunately. “This is extremely sensitive as there are believed to be no serving British military personnel inside Ukraine as politically that would be extremely controversial.” The strike on the on the base so close to the Polish border has sent fears surging that Russia could launch an attack that could hit NATO territory. READ MORE: NASA emergency: Russia shares horrifying map of where ISS crash zone  Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky warned it was "only a matter of time" before the alliance was struck following the latest blasts. UK Health Secretary Sajid Javid said he believed a direct attack on a NATO member was still "very unlikely". But he warned this would trigger a massive response from the alliance, which has a policy of mutual defence. Mr Javid told BBC's Today programme: "We've made it very clear to the Russians even before the start of this conflict. DON'T MISSRussia 'miscalculated' Ukraine invasion as Putin ‘shocked’ [INTERVIEW]Gove red-faced as MP tells him his Ukraine migrant website crased [VIDEO]EU misses 'perfect time' to crush Putin [COMMENTS]  "Even if a single Russian toecap steps into Nato territory, then it will be considered an act of war." The base had previously been used by NATO to train Ukrainian soldiers and is now one of the western-most targets struck by Russia during the invasion. Mr Zelensky spoke with Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Sunday and used the attack near the Polish border to renew his call for NATO allies to "close" the skies above Ukraine. Downing Street described the strike within touching distance of a NATO member as "deeply concerning".  Number 10 added the UK is looking to build the "broadest possible coalition" against the Russian aggression. Mr Johnson's official spokesman said: "These strikes are deeply concerning. "We want everyone in the international community to condemn Putin's barbaric acts." 