Putin has banned the use of various social media in Russia including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, in an effort to control what his people are able to see about the invasion of Ukraine. The Russian state has also criminalised what it deems to be fake news about Ukraine. However, for Ukrainians trying to communicate the horrendous acts taking place during the invasion of their country to Russians, a secret weapon has emerged in the form of Tinder. As the Kremlin stamps down on social media posting, Tinder has continued to operate as normal. For £18 a month, users are able to use Tinder’s passport feature to set their location to anywhere in the world, and begin matching with people there. Thus far, this has proven able to bypass Russian state controls. A Slovakian media agency has launched an initiative to take advantage of this loophole, urging people to “outsmart Russian war censorship with love!” Called the Special Love Operation, the movement encourages people to match with Russian singles and then bombard them with images from the war in Ukraine, to show them what is actually going on. Their website states: “Russian official channels are lying while innocent people are murdered. Putin ignores the whole world, but maybe he will not ignore own people. “We found a way to bypass the censorship on Tinder.“Let’s show that love and truth are stronger than war.” The agency provides 12 images for people to use to promote the truth to Russian people. They are also able to avoid the stress of coming up with their own bio, as a message in Russian has been provided. The message says: “Dear Russians, the West does not hate you. We hate the war. We hate the unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. “The Russian army is killing innocent people while Putin is lying and hiding the truth from you. READ MORE: Russian troops blighted by frostbite in invasion of Ukraine [INSIGHT] This unusual use for the app comes after several Ukrainian women reported matching with Russian soldiers, and then used them to acquire information. A Ukrainian woman reported seeing “dozens” of Russian soldiers on Tinder posting flirty messages and sharing information about their movements. The sheer volume of new Russians appearing on the app near Kharkiv tipped Ukrainian military officials off to the approaching attack, according to the Sun. Tinder has been used since the conflict began to try and convince Russians to fight against their despotic leader. A statement was widely shared to be set as users’ profile pictures to connect with Moscow Tinder users. DON'T MISS: 'Beautiful’ 17-month-old girl mauled to death by family dog pictured [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak and his wife's huge fortune laid bare [REVEAL]Jet2 passenger sparks mid-air chaos 'Don't ****ing touch me!' - [VIDEO] It said: ““Please don’t turn away, don’t turn a blind eye – innocent people like you and me are dying in Ukraine. "Russians have always prided themselves on courage and bravery - don’t be afraid. "Come out, speak out, write – show that you are against it! Do not be complicit in this horror. Silence is a sign of consent. A president without the people is nothing!" Russian police have reportedly detained thousands of protestors fighting against Putin’s invasion.