Numerous attacks on civilian targets committed by Russia in Ukraine have caused worldwide outrage. This week, Russian forces bombed and destroyed a children’s and maternity hospital in the southern port city of Mariupol, killing three people, including one six-year-old boy. Officials in the city say that more than 1,200 people have been killed so far in Russia’s siege of the city. On Wednesday, the WHO said it had verified 18 attacks on health facilities in Ukraine, "including 10 deaths and 16 injuries." Targeting civilians in warfare is a war crime under multiple international conventions, including the Geneva convention - something multiple world leaders have agreed is taking place in Ukraine. But Ukraine claims Russia’s acts amount to genocide - one of the world’s worst crimes against humanity.  READ MORE: Russia invasion MAPPED: How Putin is surrounding Ukraine capital Genocide is defined as targeted, mass extermination of people - usually a national, racial. religious, or ethnic group. According to the UN, genocide is “acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnic, racial or religious group, as such”. The term genocide was coined by Jewish lawyer Raphael Lemkin in the 1940s, who lobbied the United Nations to recognise it as a crime in 1948 in the wake of the Holocaust - one of the worst genocides committed in history. Ukrainian President Zelensky has repeated several times that Russia is committing genocide against Ukraine’s people - of which more the two million have fled. Previously, President Zelensky has pleaded with Western powers to prevent genocide of his people, imploring NATO to impose a no-fly zone over the country - something Vladimir Putin said would be interpreted by the Kremlin as an “act of war”. On March 1, President Zelensky tweeted: “To the world: what is the point of saying «never again» for 80 years, if the world stays silent when a bomb drops on the same site of Babyn Yar? At least 5 killed. History repeating…”  DON'T MISSMusk humiliates Putin and 'supports Ukraine' with SpaceX tech [REPORT]Putin's fury as he attacks own security agents 'truly unhappy' [INSIGHT]Putin's two crucial mistakes ahead of Ukraine invasion exposed [ANALYSIS] Babyn Yar is a site in Ukraine where massacres of Jewish people - some 33,000 - took place in World War 2. After the bombing of the hospital in Mariupol, Mr Zelensky spoke in Russian to appeal to citizens in his country and in Russia. He said: “A children’s hospital, a maternity ward. How did they threaten the Russian Federation? What is this country, the Russian Federation, that is afraid of hospitals, maternity wards and is destroying them? “Were there little Banderovites? Were pregnant women going to shoot on Rostov? Did anyone in the maternity ward humiliate Russian speakers? Or was it de-Nazification of a hospital?” He also called the attack “the ultimate evidence of genocide”. Russia has claimed the invasion of Ukraine boils down to the “denazification” of Ukraine and claims Kyiv has been carrying out acts of genocide against Russian speaking ethnic groups in Donetsk and Luhansk. The Ukrainian army has been fighting off separatist forces backed by Russia in this region, known as the Donbas, since 2014. There is zero evidence to suggest Ukraine has been carrying out genocide in any of its regions or against Russian speaking groups in particular.