The Ukrainian leader defined five different motivations of western countries in relation to Vladimir Putin’s war and outlined why some are so reluctant to offer comprehensive support. President Zelensky said: “There are those in the West who don’t mind a long war because it would mean exhausting Russia, even if this means the demise of Ukraine and comes at the cost of Ukrainian lives. “This is definitely in the interests of some countries. For other countries, it would be better if the war ended quickly, because Russia’s market is a big one that their economies are suffering as a result of the war. “They would like to see Russia keep certain markets. Other, truly wealthy countries, recognize Nazism in Russia and definitely want Ukraine to be victorious. “And there are still other countries, smaller countries, which support us completely, but they are more liberal states and concerned with humanitarian issues. “They want the war to end quickly at any cost, because they think people come first. And then there is the category of countries wanting the war to end quickly in any way possible because they can be considered as ‘the offices of the Russian Federation in Europe.'”  READ MORE: Kremlin's move to ban Zelensky interview with Russian TV backfires Recent accompanying comments indicate whom President Zelensky is referring to in these so-called camps. President Zelensky has been damning of French President Emmanuel Macron, effectively saying that France is too scared of Russia to take decisive action. According to the Ukrainian president, France is not militarily supporting Ukraine. President Zelensky said it is “because they are afraid of Russia. And that’s it. And those who say it first are the first to be afraid.” Germany’s heavy reliance on Russia for gas and oil has come under renewed scrutiny since the war broke out in February, and President Zelensky has pinned this as the reason why Germany has taken a more reluctant approach to supporting Ukraine. He said: “They are trying to be balanced. They have a long relationship with Russia and they are looking at the situation through the prism of the economy.” He continued: “I think the Germans are making a mistake today. I think they make mistakes often. “I think the legacy of Germany’s relations with Russia shows this.”  DON'T MISS‘We won’t destroy ourselves’ Hungary’s Orban hits back at Zelensky [INSIGHT]Germany election boost for Scholz despite Zelensky takedown [REPORT]Ukraine warned tide to turn in Russia's favour with springtime [INSIGHT] President Zelensky praised Boris Johnson for the UK’s response to the war, with the UK having already given some £400 million in support for Ukraine. He said: “To be honest, Johnson is a leader who is helping more. “The leaders of countries react according to how their constituents act. In this case, Johnson is an example … Britain is definitely on our side. Quick war to save lives Here, President Zelensky is most likely referring to the Baltic states, who have expressed their desire for the war to end as quickly and humanely as possible. Former USSR countries such as Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia have all called for a quick route to be figured out to end the war, given their precarious geographical position, and the fear they could be next on Putin’s hit list. Last week, NATO announced it would deliver 40,000 additional troops to Russia’s neighbours in a bid to shore up Europe’s line of defence. “It is not performing a balancing act. Britain sees no alternative for the way out of the situation. Britain wants Ukraine to win and Russia to lose, but I’m not ready to say whether Britain wants the war to drag on or not.” Here, President Zelensky is most likely referring to the Baltic states, who have expressed their desire for the war to end as quickly and humanely as possible. Former USSR countries such as Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia have all called for a quick route to be figured out to end the war, given their precarious geographical position, and the fear they could be next on Putin’s hit list. Last week, NATO announced it would deliver 40,000 additional troops to Russia’s neighbours in a bid to shore up Europe’s line of defence. Turkey has been hosting talks between Ukrainian and Russian officials in a big to bring the war to an end. Turkey is walking the tightrope between Russia and NATO countries, being aligned with Russia but has also previously sold weapons to Ukraine. President Erdogan has positioned himself as an intermediary between Russia and Ukraine, in an attempt to soften the Kremlin’s response, and establish Turkey as a regional decision-maker, and restore relations with its traditional EU allies. However, being a NATO member, Turkey needs to be careful not to give too much concession to Russia, or could face the wrath of considerably powerful countries like the UK, USA and Germany.