When Chelsea and Newcastle met at St. James' Park in late October, the Premier League pair were on course for two very different seasons. Back then, a Reece James double inspired a 3-0 triumph to send the Blues three points clear atop the league's summit, while the Magpies appeared destined for a relegation dogfight. How times have changed.  Back then, Chelsea were in a buoyant mood, brimming with confidence having been coronated as the new champions of Europe a matter of months beforehand. A Champions League triumph in May was the latest chapter in the club's success story under the reign of Roman Abramovich - the Russian billionaire who set about bankrolling the Blues to the top of the game when he purchased the club back in 2003. All signs pointed to Thomas Tuchel's men mounting a title challenge - something that Newcastle's mega-money owners themselves openly dreamed of. The Magpies were weeks into their new Saudi-backed ownership, but initial optimism over the dawn of a new era was overshadowed by the prospect of dropping down a division. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE  That 3-0 defeat to Chelsea left the Toon languishing three points adrift of safety, having amassed a mere four points from their opening 10 fixtures. Their situation wasn't set to improve anytime soon, either. However, much has changed in the five months since. And much has changed in the last week. Chelsea found the standards set by Manchester City and Liverpool too hot to handle, but the club's failure to compete with those at the very peak of the Premier League will be the least of their worries now. DON'T MISSPSG have 'grown tired' of Mauricio Pochettino amid Man Utd interestLiverpool star Luis Diaz 'being eaten by anxiety' despite superb startChelsea's XI next season if Blues blocked from new signings or selling  With Abramovich's assets frozen and the club in crisis, the Blues face an uncertain future clouded in concern. For Newcastle, however, it's their time to be buoyant. Under the stewardship of Eddie Howe, the Magpies have found a new lease of life. Their January recruits are gelling, the squad is reportedly the most united it's been in a long time and the club head into their latest encounter with Chelsea on the back of a nine-game unbeaten run in the league. Under Howe, Newcastle have enjoyed a remarkable renaissance, one which has seen them climb up to 14th, a whopping 10 points clear of the dreaded drop zone.  Once again, the two clubs find themselves very much on different trajectories. Howe himself will be hopeful heading into Sunday, but the Blues will be well aware of the dangers his sides possess when they visit Stamford Bridge. The Magpies manager boasts the best win percentage of any visiting coach to have taken charge of at least three matches, having emerged victorious on three of his last five visits. While a lot has changed since their meeting back in October, one thing remains the same: Stamford Bridge is a happy hunting ground for Howe. 