Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester United could learn whether they have a chance of signing Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo next week, with crunch talks between his representatives and the La Liga giants set. Barcelona's prolonged efforts to tie Araujo down to a new long-term contract at Camp Nou have been to no avail as heavyweight interest brews. The 23-year-old's current deal expires in 2023, so there is hope amongst suitors that Barcelona could look to cash in this summer if no agreement is reached. Express Sport understands Arsenal and Chelsea will consider moves if it becomes apparent the Blaugrana are unable to offer suitable terms that match his importance to Xavi Hernandez's project. Meanwhile, reports elsewhere have strongly linked United with the Uruguay international ahead of Eric Bailly and Phil Jones' likely summer departures and Harry Maguire's troublesome form. And contract offers from England are worth almost double the £4.2million (€5m) currently tabled by Barcelona. But Araujo's preference spells bad news for interested parties. JUST IN: Partey leaves Ghana team-mates in stitches as he meets doppelganger According to Mundo Deportivo, Araujo's priority would be to stay at Barcelona beyond the summer, and his agent will meet with club executives 'in the next 10 days'. However, if they can't meet his demands this time around, he could be destined for an exit later this year. Barcelona president Joan Laporta has claimed contract talks are 'on the right track', though, and Araujo is 'grateful' of the faith Xavi has had in him during his tenure as manager so far. Despite the struggle to reach an agreement, negotiations have been in 'good harmony', and his happiness in the Spanish city also contributes to his willingness to stay. READ MORE: Man Utd star Tahith Chong robbed at knifepoint by masked gang Araujo would be in store for a significant pay rise if he made a switch to the Premier League, but the report claims he isn't interested in Barcelona matching the substantial offers. He simply wants his value to match his role in the squad after making 33 appearances in all competitions this season. Barcelona are still looking to reduce their wage bill and have recently acted on the side of caution when renewing deals and signing new players. They seem to be taking the same precautions in talks with Araujo, and his preference is staying on a much lower wage than if he secured a transfer elsewhere at the end of the season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.