Manchester United rebel Paul Pogba is likely to walk away from the club at the end of the season, but potential suitors have been fired a harsh warning as the Frenchman has been laballed as a major transfer 'risk'. Paul Pogba looks set to leave Manchester United for free in the summer, walking away from the club for nothing for the second time in his professional career. The Frenchman has shown flashes of brilliance since his return in 2016, but it's been an inconsistent six years and United fans are probably happy to see the back of him come the summer. Pogba's talent is undeniable but his conduct has remained as issue wherever he has played, which may deter clubs from taking the risk when he becomes available in the summer. And they have even been fired a warning by a former France international, who has branded Pogba as a 'risk'. JUST IN: Man Utd may have strong alternative to Carlo Ancelotti and Erik ten Hag under their nose  After snubbing proposed deals to stay at United, it appears inevitable that Pogba will be searching for a new club in the summer, and the Frenchman has been linked with a move to Paris Saint Germain, Real Madrid and even Chelsea due to his partnership with Ngolo Kante for the national team. But former France international Frank LeBoeuf has slammed Pogba as a major transfer risk to all coaches, despite the talent he possesses. LeBoeuf told BritishGambler.co.uk: "It’s absolutely fantastic to see what you can do when you have Pogba in your team, because we all know the talent that he has when he has the ball. "The problem is as a coach and what do you do when you have Pogba in your squad? If I was a coach, I don’t think I would take the risk of signing Pogba, but at the same time, how could you not want him with the talent that he has? DON'T MISSMan Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood [SOCIAL]Four signings Man Utd, Arsenal and Liverpool missed out on because of Roman Abramovich [TRANSFERS]Roman Abramovich brushed Chelsea star aside 'Don't want to see your face' [INTERVIEW]  "The only time that he was consistently fantastic throughout a whole season, was when he played at Juventus. "For that season, he was completely free to do whatever he wanted, because he had players supporting him in that manner. "Yes, the France national team is similar, but when it is only one player in Kante, I still think the national team is unbalanced, so you need two defensive midfielders in order to release Pogba. "Either you buy Pogba and build the team around him to give him the freedom to show his talent, where you protect the midfield zone. Or, you don’t take him, because he’s too risky."  Another factor that makes Pogba even more risky is his wage demands, as the Frenchman was reportedly asking to become United's highest paid player in order to stay at the club. This would make him the club's top earner ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo, and granting that would likely cause more issues than it could solve. PSG are able to afford his high salary, and if he can get back to his former Juventus form with the French giants then he may be the missing link as they chase Champions League glory. But with so many ego's already at the Parc Des Princes, adding Pogba to the mix could be a difficult transition.  Pogba hasn't showered himself in glory since arriving back at Old Trafford nearly six years ago, and it'll be interesting to see which club is ready to take a gamble on the midfielder. However, if any manager can get the best out of Pogba, they will heavily reap the rewards. 