John and Edgar were out on a walk and passed through a closed pedestrian bridge when the dog refused to move and started barking. The service dog was attempting to alert his deaf owner to a worrying situation. The Cockapoo pooch guided John to a person in need of help. He led his owner to a man trapped in a foot of dark, slimy mud in a brook near the bridge. John said: “Without Edgar raising the alarm and leading me back, I would have walked home hearing nothing. “Thankfully, the man was unhurt, although covered in mud, but it was a bitterly cold day.” Edgar watched on as his owner pulled the man to safety. John was able to save the man by pulling him out of the mud using his beloved pup’s lead. It is understood that the man had slipped and fallen into the brook after he had been climbing along the edge of the closed bridge. The individual was left helpless in the mud and could not claw his way out. READ MORE: Rescue dog who was 'terrified of everything' struggling to find home The weather conditions in the area would have left the man extremely vulnerable had he not been rescued. John expressed how impressed he was with his service dog in recognising the severity of the situation, and noted that it gives him faith that the pooch would be able to raise the alarm if another emergency arose. John said: “Edgar was remarkable that day and I am immensely proud of him. DON'T MISS Heartbreak as rescue dog has no applications due to facial scars [INSIGHT] Cuddly giant Boris leads pack of Crufts contenders [REPORT]Deaf dog left to die in empty building desperate for forever home [REVEAL] “I also have extra respect for hearing dogs and added confidence knowing that Edgar recognises an emergency and would call the alarm if ever I needed it. “He certainly has made such a difference to my life since he joined me two years ago.” The bridge the man had been trying to cross in Putney, south-west London, has been closed since last July. Engineers had realised the decaying and broken timber needed to be replaced. The cost of repairs for the bridge to be re-opened could cost up to £15,000, with the charity responsible raising more than £1,600 to cover this in the last two months.