The BBC executives confirmed they were leaving their roles to join US entertainment company A24, the production team behind Euphoria. Piers and Rose released statements on Tuesday to reveal the news, both thanking the broadcaster for their time there. Piers is currently the director of BBC drama, and during his time at the BBC, he has worked on many award-winning series. He oversaw programmes including Claire Foy's A Very British Scandal and I May Destroy You, which starred Michaela Coel. Other top dramas include The Bodyguard, His Dark Materials, Normal People and Small Axe. Piers previously worked at Channel 4 as the channel's head of drama. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Confirming the news in a statement, Piers began: "After a decade as a drama commissioner it is high time I gave someone else a go. "I am indebted to the BBC and the extraordinary range of writers, producers and directors it has been my privilege to work alongside. "There are mountains to climb everywhere but I predict a magical time ahead for BBC Drama as the next generation of thinkers and taste-makers step up to shape its future." Commissioning editor Ben Irving will take on Piers' role as acting director of BBC drama until the broadcaster has found a permanent replacement. Rose has also worked on a number of popular BBC hits including The Nest, starring Line of Duty's Martin Compston. She has also overseen The Power of The Dog and Souvenir 1 and 2. Before that, the director worked at Film4 where she worked on several award-winning titles. "The BBC is unparalleled as a place to make great work," Rose explained in a statement. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [SPOILERS]  She continued: "Under the inspiring and generous leadership of [the BBC’s chief content officer] Charlotte Moore, myself and the Film Team have been able to discover, support and celebrate voices and stories from across the UK and beyond. "The BBC Film team was the best team to be part of: dedicated, bold, passionate and rigorous. I know that the creative confidence and the imagination of the next generation of commissions and commissioners will produce wonderful films." It has also been confirmed Eva Yates will stand in for Rose until the BBC have found a replacement. Several BBC employees have moved on to new pastures over the past year including Andrew Marr and Louise Minchin. Louise left BBC Breakfast after 20 years and was replaced by Sally Nugent. The former host recently confirmed she would be launching a podcast called, Push Your Peak in partnership with indoor bike company, Wattbike. While Andrew announced his exit in November 2021 after 21 years. The presenter who fronted The Andrew Marr show for 16 years confirmed he was moving to Global.