It is believed the Monarch will make the return next week for the first time since she tested positive for COVID-19. Queen Elizabeth felt well enough to carry out two virtual audiences with incoming ambassadors from Andorra and Chad this week, having spoken to Prime Minister Boris Johnson by phone the week before. Elizabeth, 95, has been fully vaccinated against coronavirus and was said to have been suffering mild cold-like symptoms. Despite cancelling some events she continued with light duties after testing positive. Royal commentator, Richard Fitzwilliams, told Express.co.uk that the Queen had undoubtedly made an amazing recovery. He said: "I'm sure the public will be very relieved and delighted. It is a morale boost to see the Queen at a time like this with so much depressing news." It emerged on Thursday that the Queen made a "generous donation" to support people fleeing the conflict in Ukraine, according to a coalition of British aid charities which have launched an appeal for funds.  The Disasters Emergency Committee tweeted: "Many thanks to Her Majesty The Queen for continuing to support the Disasters Emergency Committee and for making a generous donation to the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian Appeal." Mr Fitzwilliams said that Buckingham Palace will handle the Queen's return to in person engagements with the greatest of care. Although it is understood that the Queen has recovered from Covid, The Times reports that a cautious approach remains in place. A source told the publication: "The plan going forward is very much back to before the Queen contracted Covid."  READ MORE ABOUT BORIS JOHNSON BEING URGED TO UNLEASH A £20BN WAR CHEST The Queen plans to attend the Commonwealth Service on March 14 and a thanksgiving service for the Duke of Edinburgh on March 29. Mr Fitzwilliams said: "We know how important [Prince Philip] was to her and we also know how devoted she is to the Commonwealth. These are two engagements she will attend if she can. "We know, from what we've heard, that she seems to have made a good recovery from Covid, which is excellent." This year also marks the Queen's Platinum Jubilee with major celebrations set for June.  DON'T MISS:Mark Dolan slams Labour MP after election interview snub-'Over to you' [REVEALED] Dad who flew family to Ukraine for ski trip forced to sign up for war [REPORT] Boris warns ‘radioactive clouds’ could spread over Europe [LATEST] Prince Charles told a well-wisher that his mother was a lot better during a visit to Southend-on-Sea on Tuesday. Janice Jacom, 64, said: "I asked the prince about his mother and he said, 'She's a lot better now — it was very mild.' It was a bit worrying as the Queen is getting on a bit, but she's absolutely wonderful."  The Queen tested positive for Covid on February 20 with Buckingham Palace saying at the time that she had cold-like symptoms. It did not stop the Monarch carrying out light duties, including her daily red box and sending congratulations to members of Team GB's women's curling team who won gold at the Winter Olympics in Beijing. News of the Queen's recovery saw an outpouring of praise on social media.  A Twitter user enthused: "It is such great news to hear our Queen has recovered. She can even enjoy her #PlatinumJubilee peacefully. She deserves all the protection she can get. I hope she stays safe." Another Twitter user chimed: "Great to see Her Majesty looking well. I’m glad she feels much better now." While a third beamed: "Our beautiful Queen." 