Cristiano Ronaldo's failure to score against Watford on Saturday has been mocked by opponent Samir, with the Brazilian detailing the tactic he used to successfully keep the Portugal star out in the 0-0 draw at Old Trafford. Samir, 27, joined Watford in January until July 2025 from sister club Udinese. The Brazilian moved to Italy in 2016 and faced Ronaldo three times whilst the United star was on the books at Juventus, conceding three goals against him whilst he was on the pitch. After Ronaldo's move to United in the summer, the former Flamengo star would not have thought he'd be playing the five-time Ballon d'Or winner again so soon. But Saturday's fixture pitted the pair against each other once more, with Samir telling Globo what he said to taunt the United star before he fired blank.  "I had already faced Cristiano Ronaldo four or five times in Italy, so I already knew him more or less," Samir said to Globo. "Yesterday [Saturday] I had the opportunity to see him on the field again, and I had a chat with him." He claims to have told Ronaldo: "'I'll have to tag you again, right? I'd tag you in Italy, I'll have to tag you here'." Samir continued: "And I was assigned to mark him in the area, in the corners. So I had this little dialogue with him." READ MORE: Newcastle could repeat Kieran Trippier move for Atletico Madrid ace  The result left United ruing two dropped points against the division's second-bottom side. It represents yet another poor result at home for Ralf Rangnick's men, with United having already dropped league points to Wolves, Southampton and Watford on their own turf in 2022. Manager Rangnick was less than impressed with his team's performance against the relegation favourites, criticising Ronaldo and his fellow attackers for their inability to score. "We did everything apart from score. It’s hard to take that result. In the end, if you miss that many chances it is difficult to win the game," Rangnick told Match of the Day. JUST IN: Four worst refereeing decisions in the Premier League this season  "We were in full control for almost the whole game, we didn’t allow them hardly any counter attacks. "We need to be sharper in front of goal, you can hardly create more chances than we did today. In the end it is a very frustrating afternoon. "Had anyone told me that we would create that many clear chances, I would have said ‘yes, that is enough for us to score one of two goals at least’. But we didn’t." The result leaves Arsenal just two points behind the Red Devils with three games in hand.