Madrid unveiled a new set of measures in an attempt to help alleviate economic pressures which have been exacerbated by Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Supermarkets will now be able to temporarily limit "the number of goods that can be bought by a client", Bloomberg has revealed. The announcement comes after truckers held protesters for more than a fortnight amid growing concerns about fuel prices. Brits responded to the new plan on social media and appeared to mock Spain's supermarket shortages by relating it to Brexit. The UK's departure from the European Union had been blamed for fuel shortages back in October when Britons were queuing up outside forecourts to fill up their motors. El Pais, a daily newspaper in Spain, responded by saying the Government's "reluctance to accept that Brexit has anything to do with the fuel crisis" was an absurdity. JUST IN: Brexit Britain turbocharged as Boris hails £28.5billion SURGE in investment from Australia However, now it seems many Brits think it is the UK's turn to point the finger. Twitter user, @jfwduffield, responded to one report about Spanish supermarket shortages by writing: "Brexit strikes again." @ItsonlymeClara said: "Must be because of Brexit. Oh hang on…" @notayesmansecon wrote: "It is amazing what Brexit has done!" READ MORE: Labour coup: Rosie Duffield turns on Keir Starmer in transgender debate - ‘PM nailed it’ Responding to a Remainer, @OutspokenSphere said: "Evidence of Brexit food shortages as supermarkets continue to be regularly stocked. "Spain has empty shelves due to HGV drivers' strikes or you blaming Brexit on that too?" Irish journalist Sean Whelan, who became RTE's Washington correspondent earlier this year, appeared shocked when he added: "Ukraine, not Brexit." Madrid's plan comes after Spain's inflation rate hit a 37-year high in March, rising to 9.8 percent. DON'T MISS:Brexit: Britons blast 'EU corruption' as Frost slams 'fiction' [LIVE]Boris Johnson ruthlessly lets rip at Starmer after trans row [REVEALED]Boris has inconsistent Starmer on spot in tense partying row [SPOTLIGHT] According to ABC News, Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez claimed almost three-quarters of price increases were connected to disruptions to the energy and agriculture markets caused by Vladimir Putin's war. Mr Sanchez has since responded to the country's cost of living crisis by announcing a €16billion (£13.6billion) aid and loan plan. The plan also includes a €20 (£17.02) per litre fuel discount, a €362million (£308million) deal for agriculture, a €68million (£57.9million) plan for fishing and a two percent cap on rent increases. Madrid has since eased grain import rules to increase supplies from Brazil and Argentina after difficulties arose in importing corn and sunflower oil from Ukraine.