In a poll conducted by National Highways, the vast majority (8 out of 10) of the drivers asked showed confidence, claiming that they are already aware of the two-second rule. Whatsmore, 3 out of 4 of them said that they had never driven too close to the vehicle in front within the past three months. Asked to comment on the poll, Brian Gregory, Policy Director of the Alliance of British Drivers, told Express.co.uk: “It is common sense - but most people aren’t observing anything like a two-second rule.” He highlighted a lack of education in drivers’ behaviour, and added: “If you try to keep a two-second gap, you sometimes get two or three vehicles trying to get into it.” Indeed, a trial conducted by National Highways in collaboration with Northamptonshire Police showed that the reality is completely different from what the drivers think. Cameras used on lane one of a stretch of the M1 over 12 months detected vehicles driving too close 60,343 times over the course of one year. Of those driving too close, 10,994 were captured to be repeat offenders. As a result, National Highways sent 2,144 letters to drivers, warning them that they had driven too close and informing them about the dangers. The drivers were not prosecuted but instead were provided with educational material. According to National Highways, tailgating is a factor in around one in eight crashes on England’s motorways and major A roads. Mr Gregory said that an awareness campaign on the issue could helpcut down the number of read end shunts “dramatically”. He added that it is a positive step, since so far “all the authorities seem to be interested in is enforcing speed limits, instead of communicating road use education.” READ MORE: Fury as Brits demand new Highway Code rules be scrappedNew Highway Code laws needed before huge driving law changes this yearHuge driving law changes to be introduced in March with drivers warned However, according to Mr Gregory, education campaigns should include pedestrian behaviour. “Nowadays young people walk around staring at their phones, with earpieces stuck in their ears, like zombies. “So it’s hardly surprising that pedestrians are noy conscious of the risks and are stepping out into the roads without looking.” Tailgating can cost a driver a minimum fine of £100 and three penalty points. It can also lead to prosecution for ‘driving without due care and attention’, and a court appearance. DON'T MISS: Highway Code changes: Drivers blamed for more cycling crashesCyclists warned riding in the middle of the road is a ‘bit daft’Ford tests new tools to detect pedestrians and cyclists According to the Highway Code, drivers should allow at least a two-second gap between you and the vehicle in front on roads carrying faster-moving traffic and in tunnels where visibility is reduced. The gap should be wider as speeds increase. It rises to 2.4 seconds – about 53 metres – when driving at 50mph and 3.1 seconds – or 96 metres – at 70mph. Furthermore, the gap should be at least doubled on wet roads and increased still further on icy roads. National Highways explained how drivers should apply the two-second rule: To use the rule, drivers should allow the vehicle in front to pass a fixed object such as a lamp post or road sign then count to two seconds. If they reach two seconds before reaching the reference marker they need to drop back. The organisation provided the example with the pictures below, to show how intimidating it can be when someone is driving too close. According to National Highways, most drivers at the front would realise that the car behind them is driving too close. However, from the second driver’s viewpoint, the close following isn’t quite as obvious. In both pictures the distance is 7.5m so at 50mph this gap is approximately 0.34 seconds compared with a gap of 53m or 2.4 seconds which should be left at this speed. National Highways Head of Road Safety, Jeremy Phillips, said that most tailgating is unintentional by drivers who don’t realise that they are infringing on someone else’s space. He noted that tailgating is “not only very frightening for that (front) driver, it could have devastating consequences.”