Adam, 40, will be showing off his musical experience tonight in the latest instalment of ‘Starstruck’. The US singer-songwriter is on the judging panel for the hit ITV show, which sees members of the public perform songs by their favourite artists. Joining Adam are his fellow regular judges, Sheridan Smith, Beverley Knight and Jason Manford. Hosted by Olly Murs, ‘Starstruck’ is similar to ‘Stars in Their Eyes’, the retro celebrity impersonation show. Brian revealed his initial thoughts about Adam in an interview with ABC’s ‘Good Morning America’ in 2019. He said: “The ‘American Idol’ people asked us to come in and play on the final competition night. “So, it was between Adam and this other guy [Kris Allen]. “They're both really good singers, but there's some kind of chemistry already between us and Adam. It was just instant.” The musician added: “It wasn't until this young man appeared – not calling it a gift from God – [but] we didn't ask for him. “We didn't look for him, he just turned up. And he could do everything.” Roger told the programme how he had seen Adam’s abilities develop during his time with Queen. The drummer said: “When we very first met Adam he appeared to be more of a boy. I now see him as an incredibly accomplished man.” Adam also opened up about what it was like working with Queen, a band that has racked up more than 170 million record sales worldwide with hits such as ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’. The singer said: “Just meeting them for the first time, it was so surreal. DON'T MISS: Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Christopher Plummer lifted lid on surprise Sound of Music secret: 'Awfully hard to match' [INSIGHT]Louis Theroux admission on BBC producer wife: 'I don't trouble her' [ANALYSIS] “I don't even think I realised the weight of that moment until after the fact.” Queen was famously fronted by their flamboyant vocalist Freddie Mercury who died in 1991. Although Adam may have been expected to fill the late lead singer’s shoes, he has carved out his own role in Queen. The musician has said he wants to honour Freddie’s iconic legacy rather than try and replace him. Adam spoke about the singer’s life and his contributions to music in the 2019 Queen documentary, ‘The Show Must Go On’. He said since joining the band he discovered “more about Freddie over the years and [learned] that there was definitely a loneliness there”. He added: “I feel like I have enough in common with some of the things that Freddie was going through.” ‘Starstruck’ airs on ITV from 8:30pm-9:40pm.