Researchers have worked relentlessly to paint a full picture of the virus and its risks to welfare. Their scientific gains proved instrumental in the development of the Covid vaccine, which could soon put an end to the pandemic. But to date, the long-term repercussions of the virus remain somewhat of a mystery. Now new findings suggest that the virus could cause the brain to degenerate three times faster than normal, by shrinking the organ. The new study, published in Nature, investigated brain changes in 785 participants aged 51-81. The deleterious effects were observed in 401 patients with Covid, whose brains were studied on scans taken before and after infection. The authors wrote: “Our longitudinal analyses revealed a significant deleterious impact associated with Covid. “Significantly greater cognitive decline, which persisted even after excluding the hospitalised patients, was seen in the COVID-19 positive group between the two time-points. READ MORE: Omicron symptoms: The 'unusual' signs of coronavirus on your skin - check fingers and toes “Whether this deleterious impact can be partially reversed, or whether these effects will persist in the long term, remains to be investigated with additional follow up." The scans appeared to reveal shrinkage of the brain, with evidence of brain degeneration three times faster than normal. The researchers, from the University of Oxford, also found that the olfactory regions of the brain showed the strongest evidence of brain shrinkage.  The scientists were unable to determine whether the loss in volume resulted from the virus itself, an immune response to the virus, or loss of stimulation from having no sense of smell. But the findings shed light on the probable cause for prolonged symptoms of coronavirus, which can plague people long after infection. The virus also appeared to reduce grey matter in the regions of the brain that control emotion and memory. Even in mild cases, participants experience a worsening of the brain functions responsible for focus and organising. On average, brain sizes shrank between 0.2 percent and two percent. The study was conducted when the Alpha variant of the coronavirus was dominant in the UK. What's more, it was an observational analysis, so no causal effect could be established. The study, however, is not the first of its kind to provide evidence of an association between brain decline and Covid. In fact, according to the Alzheimer’s Society, there is evidence that infections such as coronavirus can cause a person’s dementia to get worse more quickly. One study published earlier last year found that anosmia and hyposmia could correlate with an increased risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease. The American study found that older individuals with impaired smell had over two times the odds of developing dementia within five years, independent of other risk factors. Dementia refers to a pattern of cognitive decline in the brain that gradually impairs memories, thoughts, behaviour and emotions. Paola Barbarino, chief executive at the Alzheimer’s Disease International, said in 2021: “Many dementia experts around the globe are seriously concerned by the link between dementia and the neurological symptoms of COVID-19.” The group’s Medical and Scientific Advisory Panel has set out to study the link in more depth, and make recommendations on how to tackle the issue.