The dust cloud had covered much of Europe in bizarre ‘Blood rain’ which turned skies orange and covered cars in countries like Spain and Switzerland with rust-coloured dust.Drivers in the UK were puzzled on Wednesday morning when they started their cars to find the windscreens red. The phenomenon was caused by a cloud of Saharan dust that travelled more than 2,500 miles from north Africa to reach the British shores. The Met office said this week: "The low-pressure system over Spain is indeed pulling a dust cloud up from the Sahara, which could potentially reach as far as the south of the UK. “People in the south might find a bit of dust left on their cars as the rain washes it out of the skies today." In the end the storm reached all over the UK, with drivers in Norfolk and Suffolk packing car washes to clean off the dust. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water Queues were seen at car washes in Ipswich and Norwich on Thursday as drivers battled to get their cars clean. Chris Bell, a meteorologist from Weatherquest told the Ipswich Star: "It's amazing to think this dust was in the Saharan desert only a few days ago. "A front from the west combined with a strong, southerly wind has brought the dust here which has then mixed with rain clouds in the middle of the atmosphere. "This has caused the orange and pink tint to the clouds. "The rain is moving east and the clouds will disappear through the evening to make way for a period of dry, sunny days." DON'T MISSGrants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]Driver uses 'concrete blocks inside trollies' to reserve parking space [SHOCKING]DVLA urges drivers to tax their classic cars even if they are exempt [URGENT] One unlucky motorist tweeted photos of his car and added: “Skipped washing the car last weekend, turned out it was a wise decision as it saved me a second go. “All the other cars look the same. Have I told you about the desert dust yet?” Another tweeted: “What kind of rain did we just have? "The sky is a weird orange colour and I go out to my car and it's all dusty/muddy.” Atmospheric scientist Dr Claire Ryder of The University of Reading said: “The main plume is forecast to remain over the continent with only the weaker edges grazing southern England. “Dust amounts will likely be significantly lower over England compared to extremely dusty conditions currently being experienced over Spain and France. "People are likely to see surfaces such as cars getting dusty and red, and air quality may be slightly lower than usual due to the dust particles in the air. “The dust has been transported more than 1,500 miles to the UK from Algeria and Morocco over the last two days, driven by strong winds from Storm Celia, named by the Spanish Meteorological Agency." Londoners were also quick to notice the change in weather and took to social media to share their view. One wrote: “Am I going crazy or is the sky orange today over London?” Another said: “What is the sky doing in London? We getting an orange filter in real life.” A third added: “Walked out of Blackfriars Station looking at this orange London sky and felt like I was in a Sade music vid #SaharanDust.” Another person commented that the dust made them feel as though they were in a science fiction film. They said: “Looking at orange dust on the cars outside feeling like I’m living in a sci-fi movie. Hello Sahara dust falling from the London sky.”