Zoe is currently taking centre stage in a brand-new storyline on Emmerdale as Rhona's fiancé, Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock), has suffered a stroke and she will become his carer over the coming weeks and months. The character hasn't had the easiest time when it comes to relationships on the ITV soap as she has also had romances with the likes of Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) and Pierce Harris (Jonathan Wrather), who raped her in a harrowing plot that aired in 2017. Although her alter-ego's life is very dramatic, Zoe enjoys taking some time away from the show with her husband, who also plays a well-known villager. In 2003, the actress married Cain Dingle star Jeff Hordley, although she has actually known him for almost three decades. The pair first met when they were at studying at the Manchester Metropolitan University School of Theatre together in 1994. It was love at first sight and the pair have been a couple ever since but it wasn't until 2001 they both ended up working on the set of the village-based programme together. In the world of the weeknight serial drama, the couple's characters have very little to do with one another, which allows the husband and wife to have separate working lives. Speaking on ITV's Lorraine, Zoe explained: "It just means we have a very separate existence at work and I think we both appreciate that and like that." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Graham Foster 'returns from the dead' to help Meena? However, there are some advantages to working on the same show as the actress added: "We often do line learning together. "This time, Jeff's been amazing. He's just taking the weight of what's going on at home. "Obviously we've got two kids, two dogs, we've got an allotment and he's just managing all of that. He's about to get busy as I sort of quieten down so we'll swap the baton then." In another interview, Zoe touched on the other benefits of working alongside her husband, adding: "It’s important to have a laugh in-between takes so upsetting stories don’t get you down too much. "Working on the same show as Jeff also helps because if one of us is having a bad day then the other will completely understand," she told The Sun. The couple have two children, with their eldest being their daughter Violet Percy, who was born in 2005 and their youngest being their son Stan Percy, who was born in 2008. Both of their children were born in-between Zoe's two stints on Emmerdale as after making 32 appearances on the show in 2002, Rhona wasn't seen again until 2010. Whilst their children were still young, Cain and Rhona's storylines would be filmed at different times to make it easier for the actors to share childcare duties. Although the youngsters were now older, Jeff has stated he doesn't think his character and his wife's alter-ego will ever have a storyline together. He said: "I don't think we'll ever have a storyline together, Cain and Rhona are too different." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Mark Charnock 'covered in bruises and shame’ after fall [COMMENT]Natalie J Robb health: Emmerdale star's drastic health change [ANALYSIS] "Cain thinks Rhona's a bit of a snobby cow. For me and Zoe, it works well," the actor explained. Away from the drama on-screen, the family live in a cottage together, fully equipped with outdoor space and an allotment to grow their own produce. The husband and wife duo made full use of this during the pandemic and Zoe explained how the whole family gets involved with activities. Zoe said in an interview with The Mirror: "The kids love cooking with us. The other night Violet made dahl from scratch!" Also joining the actors and their children at their home are the family's two dogs, Rita and Ronald. Ronald joined the family during the first lockdown and Jeff joined the Loose Women panel to speak about the new addition. The actor explained of the cockapoo: "Don't be fooled by that cuteness, because he's got quite a character on him. "He's kept us busy and is a great focus for us as a family. We've got another dog called Rita, who's a cockapoo and she's nine. "And Stan said the other day, 'You know I don't remember Rita being a puppy.' "So he's getting to relive the full experience of having a young dog again, which is great," the soap star continued. Jeff has also touched on some of the more turbulent times he and Zoe have faced over the years, having been together for almost 30 years. Speaking of what they got up to during lockdown, the actor said: "We do like cooking a lot so we've done a lot of that. "We had a group Zoom call with a group of friends where we do a quiz which has always been a good thing to look forward to. "We have got on each other's nerves at times because we've been together for such a long time and we know each other so well. "We know that happens. That happens without a lockdown situation," he added on the Mike Artistik's Ego Podcast. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour long episode airing on Thursdays.