Doctor William Li said: "Our choices regarding food are essential for preventing, treating, and even reversing cancer." If you would like to minimise your cancer risk, these five foods might help. Nuts "Eating tree nuts like walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts, cashews, pistachios, and Brazil nuts may help prevent cancer," Doctor Li stated. "Nuts contain cancer-fighting polyphenols that boost our immune systems to fight cancer," he explained. "And they also have healthy omega-3 fatty acids, which can starve cancer by cutting off its blood supply." Tomato sauce Tomatoes are considered "cancer-fighters", which could be attributed to its lycopene content. "Lycopene also protects your DNA from damage, which helps shield you against cancer," said Doctor Li. The highest levels of lycopene have specifically been found in the San Marzano tomato. READ MORE: Bowel cancer – The 'gold-standard' method to detect pre-cancerous polyps "Studies show that men who eat two to three cups of cooked tomatoes twice weekly have a 30 percent lowered risk of prostate cancer," Doctor Li added. Purple potatoes Purple potatoes contain anthocyanin that "starves and kills cancer cells and wipes out the dreaded cancer stem cells". Oysters When it comes to this shellfish, Doctor Li explained: "Oyster meat contains proteins, polysaccharides, and amino acids with powerful antioxidant effects that protect your DNA against free radical damage. "Researchers found eating extracts from oysters can reduce DNA damage by 90 percent and increase the protective antioxidant glutathione by 50 percent." Matcha green tea While not considered food per se, matcha green tea within the diet "can fight breast cancer", according to research. English researchers found that matcha green tea cuts off the fuel lines for cancer stem cells, Doctor Li elaborated. "While the study was done in the laboratory (and not in people with breast cancer), this discovery is exciting," said Doctor Li. Further research is needed to see if the same effects will occur in people with breast cancer. Cancer risk factors As well as incorporating these foods and match green tea into your diet, there are other ways to minimise your risk of cancer. "Making some simple changes to your lifestyle can significantly reduce your risk of developing cancer," the NHS noted. This includes not smoking, which is a key risk factor for developing numerous cancers. And doing regular bouts of exercise, which has been hailed as the "miracle cure" against disease. Cancer risk factors As well as incorporating these foods and match green tea into your diet, there are other ways to minimise your risk of cancer. "Making some simple changes to your lifestyle can significantly reduce your risk of developing cancer," the NHS noted. This includes not smoking, which is a key risk factor for developing numerous cancers. And doing regular bouts of exercise, which has been hailed as the "miracle cure" against disease.