With summer on the approach, gardeners across the UK may be keen to get their outdoor space looking its best. After a long winter, your lawn may be looking a little patchy, and a fresh round of grass seeds could be the solution to a fuller green area. According to the Royal Horticultural Society, seeds germinate most readily in early autumn and mid-spring. This means that grass seeds can be laid from the end of March through to mid-May. Grass seeds can also be put down at the end of summer, from September until mid-October. However, according to Garden Lawn Care Guy the time of year people put down their grass seeds can actually be a "big mistake when sowing lawn grass seed". READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation The expert explained: "Timing is crucial to getting the right outcome and most people think you can just throw seed down any time of the year and that it will grow and produce good quality high levels of germination." For the best results, grass seeds need the soil to be consistently higher than 10 degrees, with a good, ongoing supply of moisture. Although sowing in mid-March can offer these temperatures, according to LawnUK, there is a good argument for "waiting until September" to lay fresh grass. LawnUK explained: "If you are patient, there is much to recommend waiting until September before you sow. DON'T MISSBaking soda for cleaning: Five things you should never clean with it [EXPLAINER]Lawn weeds: The ‘easiest’ way to remove clover weeds from your lawn [COMMENT]How to clean your patio without a pressure washer [INSIGHT] "Firstly, any weed seeds lying on or near the surface of the seedbed will be given a chance to germinate and can be removed. "Secondly, English summers may produce hot, dry spells and if your new lawn is sown in the spring, constant watering may well be necessary to get growth started and to avoid the tender young seedlings from being scorched and killed off." September promises warm soil for your grass seeds to thrive, having soaked up the heat from the long summer days. There tends to be more moisture in the soil as Autumn approaches, compared with the end of spring. Thanks to these factors, LawnUK says it will help get the seeds "off to a good start before the winter and weeds will be minimal". The autumn months then provide the perfect time for a "good root system" to develop. By the time spring and summer roll around the following year, your lawn should be strong enough to withstand hot, dry periods. Regardless of the time of year you choose to sow your grass seeds, it is vital you keep them adequately watered, without overdoing it. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If the grass is bone dry, this will slow down germination, but if your seeds are left in pools of water, root rot will set in. According to Garden Lawn Care Guy, short bursts of water for five minutes a couple of times a day is the best way to ensure lush growth. This should be done for the first two weeks. You can also improve moisture retention during this time by adding a layer of topsoil.