Denise Van Outen, 47, has shared some insight into her relationships coming to an end in a candid new chat. This comes after the star recently split with her long-term partner Eddie Boxshall after seven years together. Denise was speaking to Zoe Ball this morning about her upcoming memoir A Bit of Me: From Basildon to Broadway, and back. The autobiography, released this week, features insights into Denise’s life and relationships. Addressing this, Zoe asked Denise about “talking very candidly about her relationships” in the book. The presenter also mentioned how Denise has opted to walk away from certain projects in the past. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married?  Explaining this, Denise said: “The one thing I'm really proud of myself for is I do know when to walk away and I don't like to be taken advantage of. “Sometimes it's been to the detriment of my own career or in my own relationships. “But I just feel like it's really important as a woman to have self-worth and self-respect. “I've always tried to maintain that in anything that I do in life, generally.  “More so now as a mother because I feel like I'm a role model and I've got to set an example.” Denise went on to cryptically discuss “bad times” as she shared hopes for the future. She continued: “The bad times are always followed by good times and that's what I always look forward to. “I think you just ride the wave of the bad times knowing that eventually, you will get to a good place.” DON'T MISS... Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [VIDEO]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display as she dances around [PICTURES]   Denise and Eddie, who had previously appeared on Gogglebox together, announced their split back in January. Denise posted an image of them walking their dog as she addressed “speculation” about their relationship. She penned: “Over the past two months, there has been a lot of speculation regarding my relationship with Eddie. “It saddens me to confirm that we are no longer a couple.  “I had to make the difficult decision not to continue our relationship. “I will always cherish the good times we had together, and the memories we made. “We ask that you please respect our privacy at this time, especially for our children.” Denise has a daughter with her ex-partner Lee Mead while Eddie has two children from a previous relationship. 