A ‘major upgrade’ to Mercedes’ new W13 car will no doubt be music to the ears of drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell as the pair gear up for the upcoming 2022 season. Hamilton and Russell - alongside the rest of their Formula 1 rivals - have been out on the Barcelona track testing their Silver Arrows vehicle ahead of the new campaign. As expected Mercedes enjoyed some successes in the first testing outing of 2022, however unlike other teams things are set to get even better for the Brackley-based team. According to motorsport.com, the Silver Arrows still have a few major updates to come on their car which is expected to improve performance even more. Reports from the paddock have suggested that the constructors’ champions are set to wait until testing in Bahrain before unleashing further developments to enhance their chances of a ninth straight title in 2022. JUST IN: Bernie Ecclestone leaps to Nikita Mazepin's defence as Haas told not to get rid of Russian  As well as mechanical improvements, Mercedes also headed into the new year with a personnel addition after Russell replaced Valtteri Bottas, and made the switch from Williams. Russell is no doubt one of the sport’s hottest prospects, and has been tipped as the next next behind last year’s title rivals Hamilton and Verstappen. Following testing in his new car the Englishman was quizzed on whether he fancies his chances of breaking the Hamilton-Verstappen mould, but kept his cards very close to his chest. He told Formula1.com: “It’s [winning the title] not even something I’m thinking about, to be honest. DON'T MISS "I think it’s quite incredible how racing drivers’ minds work, that when you put the helmet on. “Doesn’t matter if you’re fighting for a win or, for me for the last few years, fighting at the back of the grid. You always get on with the exact same mindset." As well as Mercedes, upgrades are also expected on the car of title rivals Red Bull when the circuit heads to Bahrain for testing. Like the Silver Arrows Red Bull posted some positive testing numbers in Barcelona, with Sergio Perez even just out-performing teammate and world champion Max Verstappen.  Verstappen however has been tipped to come into his own when out in Bahrain, with improvements no doubt going to work to the world champions advantage. Another team who also performed well whilst out in Catalunya was Ferrari, with the Italian setup producing numbers that more than competed with the sport’s leading constructors. However, whether The Prancing Horse can keep up these results remains to be seen, with Mercedes’ and Red Bull’s upcoming upgrades predicted to split them above from the rest once more. 