The calls by pro-EU Lib Dem's come in response to significant disruptions seen in trading between the UK and EU since Brexit.   The Liberal Democrats are to set out a roadmap for Britain to rejoin the single market once “the ties of trust and friendship are renewed”. Red tape introduced by Britain leaving the bloc saw UK exports to the EU fall by £20 billion last year compared with the last period of stable trade with Europe, according to the Office for National Statistics. A new policy paper backed by the Liberal Democrat party’s leadership says that “the best option, bringing most benefits to the UK economy and society, is to seek to join the single market”.  The party's Europe spokesperson, Layla Moran, said the UK’s relationship with the EU had come to be “defined by petty squabbling” and an “overly ideological approach”. She added that the Russian invasion of Ukraine had highlighted why Britain and the bloc “cannot afford to be disunited”. Ms Moran said: "British people and small businesses who are tangled in red tape are paying the price and they deserve better. “The reality is that we need a way forward which works for Britain - one where we stand with our allies, reduce costs for businesses and make people better off as a result. “Our comprehensive roadmap will start a new trading relationship with Europe - with British businesses and families benefiting as a result.”  READ MORE: Millionaire using Bentleys in 'Britain's best man cave' legal battle But some Britons are angry with the party's attempt at reversing the referendum decision. One Express.co.uk reader, AjCoutts, wrote: "The Lib Dems should drop the word democratic from their party. It is quite clear they do not believe in democracy." Similarly, another reader, TBarham, wrote: "Funny how their party has the word democratic it when they have no idea about democracy". The Liberal Democrats' stance has always been anti-Brexit, and their position only appears to have gotten stronger amid ongoing trade issues.  DON'T MISS: Boris warns EU ‘significant changes’ needed on hated Brexit deal [INSIGHT]Brexit Britain handed energy boost with new 'mini nuclear reactors’ [COMMENT]Lord Frost mocks Andy Burnham in furious row 'is not the future' [ANALYSIS] The party say they condemn the "government’s disastrous Trade and Cooperation Agreement" which was finalised at the end of 2020. Lib Dem MPs hope for a longer-term return of UK membership in the EU's single market. Reader, Eric Arthur Blair, blasted the party's stance writing: "They aren't aware the political party that runs the country is intended to serve the people of this country. "Those people have spoken and have said we do not want to be a part of the EU. Why would they think they should gain power and do the opposite of what the people want and have voted for?" Another user, proudscot, wrote, "they clearly do not have a shred of patriotism in their bodies for this country". 