  Louise Redknapp has announced the arrival of a new family member this evening after she had to say goodbye to her dog Blubelle last month, whom she had since she was a puppy. The star explained that her other dog Rudi had been missing his friend, which spurred her to open her heart once again to a new pet.      Louise, 47, took to social media to share the exciting update with her 145,100 Twitter followers. “We were so devastated losing our girl Blubelle a few weeks ago,” she wrote. “And we really noticed a change in Rudi’s behaviour, so we decided a little brother might be what he needs… “Say hello to Banksy Blu… he’s definitely settled in.” READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey    The accompanying TikTok video, set to Baha Men’s Who Let The Dogs Out, captured the excitable puppy as he made himself at home. Banksy Blu could be seen playing with Louise’s son Beau as he ran to chase a tennis ball across the room. He could also be seen getting up to other mischief, including tucking into one of Louise’s slippers and chasing along behind “big brother” Rudi. There were also some adorable shots of the puppy cuddling up next to a dinosaur toy as he slept.      Louise’s followers took to the comment section to congratulate the former Eternal singer on her new pup. Richard Ayris wrote: “You have to love puppies and how inquisitive and mischievous they are. Glad he has settled in for all of you.” “He is lovely, lots of trouble ahead,” Richard Hoskins penned with a winking emoji. Christine added: “Hello Banksy Blu, you are so cute & beautiful. Hope he brings so much love & fun for all of you like Blubelle did Xx.” (sic) READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS]      Last month, Louise shared the sad update with her followers that she had “said goodbye” to her beloved dog Blu. In an emotional statement on Instagram, Louise shared a series of photos documenting treasured memories of her pet pooch. In the caption, she wrote: “I am absolutely heartbroken that we had to say goodbye to our little girl Blu early this morning. “I am going to miss you so much my darling girl your escaping through the fence, chasing the squirrels out of the garden, our long walks in the woods watching you run carefree, going upstairs when we say ‘bed time’ and getting on mummy’s bed instead of in your own and most of all your kisses and cuddles every day.      “I wanted to share this with you because I know so many of you follow their insta page and loved seeing what Blu and Rudi were up to and loved them as much as we did.” She added: “We’ll miss you so much, sleep tight our gorgeous Bluebells. “Love you forever Mummy, Chaz and Beau Beau’s Xxx.” (sic) Louise’s ex-husband Jamie Redknapp also took to social media at the time to share in her grief, writing: “Goodbye beautiful girl we will miss you so much.”   