Jamie Carragher sarcastically thanked Tottenham Hotspur chairman Daniel Levy after Luis Diaz inspired Liverpool to a 2-0 away victory over Brighton and Hove Albion. Diaz bravely opened the scoring for Jurgen Klopp’s men in the first half. Unfazed by the onrushing Robert Sanchez, Diaz dived headfirst to beat the Seagulls’ keeper to Joel Matip’s inch-perfect through ball and head the Reds into the lead. The Colombian paid a huge price for his bravery, as the Brighton shot stopper recklessly ploughed through him and caught him in the chest with a high leg. Diaz needed plenty of treatment on the pitch after the goal but recovered to play the full match for the Reds. And Carragher serenaded the dynamic left winger’s performance after the match while also poking fun at the Tottenham chairman. JUST IN: Dimitar Berbatov slams Man Utd's 'standards' in Arsenal top-four warning - EXCLUSIVE ‘Luis Diaz’s impact could turn this season into a special one for Liverpool,’ Carragher tweeted. ‘The club only signed him in January because Spurs made an offer, thanks Daniel!’ Tottenham were heavily speculated to be interested in Diaz when he was still playing for Porto. Various reports understand Liverpool were initially planning on making a move for Diaz in the summer transfer window. However, Antonio Conte’s side’s interest in Diaz appeared to alert Liverpool, who then very promptly responded by offering the Portuguese giants an initial £37m for Diaz. READ MORE: Chelsea bosses 'begging government' for two things in meltdown Diaz’s move to Anfield was completed and announced on transfer deadline day, while Tottenham were forced to pursue alternative targets to the Colombian. Fortunately for Liverpool, Diaz’s impressive start to life at Anfield has justified their lightning-fast transfer business to secure his services. Diaz’s opening goal was followed up by a second-half spot kick from Mohamed Salah, after Brighton midfielder Yves Bissouma handled in the penalty area. The Egyptian’s confident spot-kick was also Liverpool’s 2000th Premier League goal, as well as his 20th of the current League campaign. However, Salah limped off in the second half after a coming together with the Brighton defence. Klopp stated the club will assess his injury ahead of their crunch away match against Arsenal on the 16th March. “We will see. He thinks it's not serious but we will see when he is sitting down, Something is not 100 per-cent right.” Klopp said after the match. “We think it was the situation before when he hit the ball and got blocked, he went to shoot and got blocked. The foot got slightly over-stretched. We'll see.” Liverpool’s victory at the Amex Stadium means they have moved within three points of Premier League leaders Manchester City. Pep Guardiola’s side take on Patrick Vieira’s dangerous Crystal Palace side at Selhurst Park on Monday.