Max Verstappen and Red Bull could have a secret weapon in their bid to beat Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes to this season’s F1 title. Karun Chandhok and Danon Hill believe Red Bull chief Adrian Newey’s experience could play an important effect as teams battle to understand the new 2022 cars. The new rules have made fundamental differences to the underfloor and front and rear wings in a bid to boost overtaking. The cars are expected to have more downforce when driving close to others making for more competitive races.This has led many to suggest “ground effect” is back on cars for 2022. Ground effect is all about tweaking the underfloor to create a better airflow underneath the car, something that was experimented by teams between 1977 and 1982.The rules were outlawed in 1983 but certain features are being adopted by the teams under the new regulations. Adrian Newey has experience with this type of Formula 1 car, which could play an important role in the development race this season. READ MORE: Verstappen refuses to accept Hamilton comments ahead of Bahrain GP Speaking to Damon Hill on Sky Sports F1, Karun Chandhok said: “You worked very closely with Adrian Newey in your championship winning year in your time at Williams. How important is it do we think that Adrian is one of the very few leading technical people currently in Formula 1 that worked in the previous ground effects era of Formula 1 in the early 1980s? "He was there designing the Fittipaldi car which never raced in 1982 but he did all the research. He spent the hours in the wind tunnel there, there must be something that’s carried over."Hill responded: “Karun not only that but think about Indy. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen claims Lewis Hamilton should get over 2021 title loss [INSIGHT]Mercedes ‘have not been able to control’ Red Bull [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen ‘on track’ to beat Hamilton and Schumacher record [COMMENT] “Think about the work Adrian did when he was out in the states and they had tunnels on the cars in those days. He is very very good at understanding this shape of car, this concept of car that we are sort of partly employing.”Red Bull have been the pace-setters in F1 so far this season after Verstappen topped the timesheets in the Bahrain pre-season test. His lap was up on the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc and around a second quicker than Mercedes.