Ex-F1 driver Daniil Kvyat’s future is in limbo after his team withdrew from the FIA World Endurance Championship (WEC). Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has seen significant repercussions for the country’s businesses and sports stars.  In new conditions laid out by the FIA amid the conflict, Russians are only allowed to participate in races if they renounce their country’s aggression in Ukraine. Kvyat, 27, who was due to represent G-Drive, has now been left in an awkward position as the team leader Roman Rusinov, who is also Russian, has announced on Instagram that he is withdrawing from the competition because he refuses to accept the conditions set by motorsport’s governing body. The 40-year-old wrote a lengthy post on Instagram explaining his decision to not agree with the FIA's 'Neutrality and Peace Commitment' document. “Today, I, the driver of the Russian G-Drive Racing team, refuse to accept the discriminatory conditions of the FIA,” Rusinov began. “The goal of each athlete is to hear the anthem of their country on the podium. JUST IN: Pierre Gasly confirms Helmut Marko talks as he eyes Verstappen partner role at Red Bull   “Over ten years of international experience, our team has done this many times. We raised the Russian flag, we heard and sang the Russian [national] anthem. “For the sake of my fans, for the sake of my teammates and sporting honor, I will not sign this document. Better not to drive at all. “The [G-Drive Racing] team has always been international: drivers, mechanics, engineers – they are all from different countries of the world.” He added: “If we asked everyone to give up their flag, experience and name, such a real sports brotherhood and victories would never have happened. It’s a pity that these guys won’t compete for [G-Drive Racing] either. DON'T MISS   “Now we are already considering various options for projects to develop motorsport in our country. “I sincerely hope that we will be able to return to international racing after they return to the sporting spirit and equal conditions for all participants.” It has been reported that Kyvatt, who recently slammed FIFA and other governing bodies for hitting Russian athletes with bans, also declined to sign the document, putting his motorsport future up in the air. Earlier today the UN human rights office confirmed the deaths of 364 civilians in Ukraine since the Russian invasion began late last month - it warned the real death toll is likely to be considerably higher.  Today a second attempt to evacuate civilians from the Ukrainian city of Mariupol failed as Russian shelling continued. A temporary ceasefire had been in progress in two Ukrainian cities this morning to allow civilians to safely evacuate the city. But due to the ongoing barrage, Ukraine's Interior Ministry adviser Anton Gerashchenko said the planned evacuation through the designated humanitarian corridors were put on hold. 