The royals have just returned from their eight-day tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee where they were met with some controversy. The trip was overshadowed by anti-colonial protests from locals and calls for slavery reparations from the monarchy. Despite falling short of an apology, body language expert Darren Stanton said the Duke of Cambridge showed “genuine sadness”, “remorse” and “sorrow”.  Mr Stanton told Express.co.uk: “He is the only royal I have ever seen deliver a speech on that topic and showed genuine remorse for the past even though he directly had no bearing on it. “So it shows he is a man prepared to accept personal responsibility for things that are probably not necessarily directly attributable to him.” Speaking on the trip as a whole Mr Stanton said it was “always going to be a tough one”.  William did address the issue of slavery during a speech in Jamaica, denouncing it as "abhorrent" and saying "it should never have happened". Prior to giving the speech, the future King showed “sadness”, Mr Stanton said. Mr Stanton said: “There is a very significant picture of William and Kate when they met Governor Patrick Allen ahead of his speech at King's house. "The governor was showing genuine enjoyment in having a couple at his house however Prince William‘s face is showing sadness and when someone dips their head down it also says shame so when he was speaking about slavery he was speaking from the heart and has a genuine remorsefulness at how Jamaican people could be feeling.” He added that “for the first time in many events” the Duchess of Cambridge was not seen smiling but “showing an expression of concern” during William’s speech. READ MORE: Sussexes' 'fresher approach' may have helped during Caribbean tour  Mr Stanton said throughout the trip William showed signs of “not feeling very confident” while Kate was “super confident” but as a couple they show signs of a “willingness to be open and listen”. He said: “Kate was wearing in one photograph her trademark power colour of red, Kate loves reds and purples as a reference before it is a superhero colour costume that allows the feeling of being super confident. “Initially Prince William was showing signs of uneasiness and anxiety, this was demonstrated when he spoke to groups on the press, his hands were in his pockets when someone hide their palms it is a sign of anxiety that they are trying to conceal. "He was probably a little bit nervous with all the demonstrations and negativity surrounding the subject of slavery." DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Queen have allowed Prince Andrew to escort her to Philip's memorial?Queen 'reluctantly' gave into Prince Charles and Prince William demands to sideline AndrewMeghan and Harry could have saved royal tour- Expert blasts Kate and William for failures    During their tour, the couple met with locals in several towns where Kate showed “very similar body language to Princess Diana”. Mr Stanton added: “When she speaks to people she nails down at their eye level to build rapport and has no problems getting close hugging people. “Her enjoyment and happiness are all genuine signs and emotion so it’s clear the couple I’ve been having lots of fun going out interacting with members of the public and other civil dignitaries.”  Following the trip, the Duke of Cambridge released a rare statement where he said "whom the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future is not what is on my mind". He said what matters is the potential of the Commonwealth and creating a "better future for the people who form it".William added: "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. "Catherine and I are committed to service. For us, that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have." 