A cleaner swindled a vulnerable 85-year-old woman and attempted to gaslight her family into thinking disappearing money was being misplaced because of the OAP's struggling memory."Trusted" Julie Baldwin had known her victim's family for years before being hired to help 85-year-old Barbara Woolston with her daily chores. Despite cancer-stricken Mrs Woolston insisting the money was disappearing, it took the installation of a CCTV camera for Baldwin to be found out. Baldwin admitted at Beverley Magistrates' Court to stealing £200 from her employer's purse on December 12, 2019. Mrs Woolston's granddaughter Sophie said her grandmother had complained about "losing her money" but, when asked, Baldwin had suggested she was showing signs of Alzheimer's. Sophie said: "My nana had started to tell us that she was losing her money, and on occasions, Julie had told me that she thought my nana was losing her memory because she kept misplacing all of her money. "At this point, we thought my nana had the onset of dementia as it was becoming more regular that she was ‘losing’ her money until we realised that it was a pattern. JUST IN: Listening, Rejoiners? London clings onto top spot in ranking for global cities  "When my family was speculating that they thought it was Julie who was stealing the money I stuck up for her and told them that Julie wouldn’t do this to Nanna, we were too close to Julie for her to do anything like that." The family installed a CCTV camera in Mrs Woolston's bedroom after she once again complained about missing money. They downloaded the footage from the CCTV after the 85-year-old said cash had disappeared from her bag on December 12, 2019. In the video, Baldwin can be seen rifling through her employer's bag before locating and grabbing the cash. READ MORE: 'We wouldn't have done it!' Hartley-Brewer shuts down Moran's attack on UK Brexit freedom Granddaughter Sophie added: "Sophie added: "My nana is very vulnerable, she was 85 when it happened and for someone to use the fact that she's got dementia to say that she doesn't know what she's on about is hurtful and disgusting. "I don't know how anybody could steal from an elderly person given the circumstances she was in." Baldwin was handed a £595 fine and a 14-week community order. She was also given 12 rehabilitation day. Prosecutor Pardeep Dhinsa said in December: "While the harm caused was little, the lack of trust is an aggravating feature of the case." DON'T MISSNaga Munchetty praises BBC co-star on 'excellent' show move update [INSIGHT]Trump humiliated after ‘uninterested’ small crowd at rally [UPDATE]Le Pen on rocks as leader plagued by 'prominent falling out' [REVEAL]