 Bringing their show forward from its staple Channel 4 time of 9.30am Sunday Brunch was broadcast 30 minutes earlier this weekend (March 13). The morning cooking chat show has been on Channel 4 for many years, and to accommodate the closing ceremony of the Paralympics, the show snuck in early, not giving fans fair warning to switch on for their new start time. Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy were joined by Joe Wicks, comedian Siobhán McSweeney and presenter Rick Edwards. Despite the star line-up and virtual guests Franz Ferdinand's Alex Kapranos and pop sensation Bryan Adams, loyal viewers were miffed that they missed the start of the show. Tuning in at the regular time to enjoy the show, many fans found themselves late and took to social media to share their thoughts and seek answers. @EvenFredsHappy1 said: "Why is there no alert system to warn folks it's starting half an hour early?! Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis?  "Weekend ruined #SundayBrunch." Fred wasn't alone, and Attila Lengyel added: "Christ in heaven, I missed a good 30 minutes of #SundayBrunch!!!" The line-up also added challenges, with many diehard fans finding it hard to connect with the collection of celebrities featured on the show. @ENAJ62 tweeted: "TV on whilst I iron, blimey Sunday brunch is early.  "Feel like I've just witnessed a segment from CBeebies." "This show hasn't done anything for me this morning, and for that reason, I'm out #SundayBrunch," @Apuforu chimed in. The Body Coach Joe joined the show to talk about his 11th book and cooked one of his quick recipes while chatting to Simon. He also spoke candidly about his parent's mental health, his podcast and many business ventures, calling himself a "10-year overnight success". DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] This weekend, Joe had been making the rounds, appearing on Saturday Kitchen the day before. He didn't have much luck on that show with fans tuning out due to the volume of the guests. The Channel 4 show seems to have had a rocky few weeks of episodes. Last weekend, the presenting duo were joined by presenter AJ ODudu, Capital FM radio host Roman Kemp and comedian Sarah Kendall. Fans of the show said they had "switched off" on social media. The week before wasn't much better when marital tension between Jon Richardson and his wife Lucy Beaumont caused a "weird, awkward vibe". Sunday Brunch airs Sunday on Channel 4 at 9.30am