Nicky (played by Kimberly Hart-Simpson) has reconnected with Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) since making her long-awaited comeback to Coronation Street earlier this month. The school teacher's girlfriend, Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan) has grown increasingly jealous of the pair getting closer as she knows they have had a dalliance in the past. However, in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, some hints are dropped Nicky is harbouring a secret and it could be to do with Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). The drama with Nicky continues in next week's episodes as she and Daniel enjoy a day out together as he has been helping her with the application for a new job. Despite having a turbulent journey during her first stint on the cobbles, things seem to be turning around for her now. Arriving at the Rovers Return later in the week, the returnee tells Daniel she has secured a job at his school as a teaching assistant. As she and Daniel celebrate the news, Daisy is left furious as she knows this means the pair are going to be spending a lot more time together. Needing to know more about her partner's friend, the barmaid decides to grill Nicky about her previous roles in her career. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith It's not too long before Daisy realises Nicky feels quite uncomfortable about the questions and this leads the barmaid to think she is hiding something. Viewers know Nicky worked as a sex worker in the past and this is how she met Daniel back in 2020 following the death of his wife, Sinead Tinker (Katie McGlynn). Before she finished her first stint on the show, the troubled character had left her role as she was going to live with her mother in another part of the country. However, she could have struggled to find a consistent source of income and this could have led her into the world of drugs. Last year, a drug gang terrorised the lives of those living in Weatherfield and Jacob was a big player in recruiting young Simon Barlow (Alex Bain) to be a drug dealer. What viewers might not realise is Jacob also recruited Nicky as she could have come back to Manchester earlier than first thought. Needing money to send to her mother, who was looking after her young daughter, turning to drugs could have been the last straw for Nicky. She could have agreed with Jacob to become a drug dealer and in turn, she would have been able to save enough money to look after her family. With enough money to tide her over and wanting to find a new job, Nicky could have gone off the radar and left the drug gang a dealer short. When she returned to the cobbles last month, she could have spotted Jacob and thought he was going to get his revenge on her. DON'T MISS...Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] But watching from afar, she could see he is a changed character and he just wants to enjoy a romance with Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney). Therefore, she would realise he is also no longer part of the drugs gang and she doesn't need to be as scared of him anymore. However, Daisy is looking for any ammunition she can to get rid of her love rival and she could discover this connection between the two characters. Daniel would be furious if his girlfriend told him the truth about Nicky and this could lead her to turn down her role at the school. Feeling she no longer has any friends on her side on the cobbles, she could leave again and this time for good as she is told by Daisy never to return. Despite what her past could be, the actress who plays Nicky, Kimberley, has spoken out about the changes viewers will see in her character. The soap star told Express.co.uk and other media: "I think you will see a different side to her, however, I would never say that she hid anything away, anyway. "What you see is what you get with Nicky, there's not been a personality transplant, and she is who she is. "She does have a fire in her belly now, seeing this teaching job as a way of improving herself. She does still have self-doubt, and about her previous life, I guess, but she’s standing strong and there is no stopping her now that she has a plan." So given she wasn't hiding something before and now being somewhat of a different character, could it be she is hiding a very big secret? Kimberley also added she would like to see her character integrate with other cobbles residents, saying: "Most definitely and I think that's natural for any character. "If there is a link, who knows. I feel there are more characters on this show that Nicky could relate to and get on with." One of these people could be Jacob and this would help develop Nicky's character. Asked what she thinks about returning to the show, the actress added: "I said, of all things you think of, when storyboarding yourself for a return, a teaching assistant was the last thing I would have thought. "But when you think about it, and especially with all of the phenomenal younger cast and stories around on the show - it does make sense." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.