Britons are expected to pay an extra £2billion each month on energy bills following inflation, reveals new research by Colour Catcher. Cash-strapped Britons are now at boiling point, with 70 percent stating they have already made changes to their household routines. This includes showering and flushing their toilet less often and making changes to their laundry habits, to name a few, to save money and energy. It also found that over half of the UK had turned to their laundry to make savings by either reducing their laundry frequency, cutting their use of the tumble dryer, mixing laundry loads and going as far as washing clothes in the bath. The study by the number one laundry sheet in the UK cited that nearly 30 percent were trying to save on energy costs by reducing their thermostat’s temperature, the number of toilet flushes (14 percent), the number of showers (14 percent), or using a hairdryer less (13 percent). Rachel Ferreria, Brand Manager from Colour Catcher explained how Britons need to be “thrifty” in order to save on their energy bills. She said: “The home can be the first place to look to help make quick savings. “Not all money saving tips will work for everyone but thinking about how best to be thrifty and assessing household spending may help trim some pounds from rising living costs.” Rachel has shared several of her “best” hacks to save money on energy bills. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share how not to wash towels - ‘they’ll go nasty’ Britons should aim to wash their clothes on a lower setting as modern washing powders and detergents work just as effectively at lower temperatures. Rachel said: “For lightly soiled loads, washing at 30 degrees is ideal and uses around 40 percent less energy than higher temperatures. “ For those who have a meter, if they also cut back the amount they use it, by just one cycle a week, they’ll save around £5 per year on energy bills and £7 on water bills. It is true that washing at 30 degrees won't kill all the germs, but combined with the laundry detergent should kill plenty of them. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [COMMENT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [INSIGHT] A colour catcher sheet contains extra absorbent fibres which act like a magnet to attract loose dye in the water and is made from 100 percent naturally derived materials. Rachel said: “It allows you to mix colours and even whites. “Two half loads of washing uses more energy than a single load, so the sheet will help to reduce wash cycles.“ It is also important to have a full load before thinking about putting the washing machine on, as a half load uses the same amount of energy as a full one. Similarly to the washing machine, other appliances waste the same amount of energy whether they are completely full or half full. Rachel noted that it is “best” for a dishwasher to only run once it is full. She said: “It’s highly debatable whether washing dishes by hand or using the dishwasher uses more energy and therefore costs more. “Either way, just like the washing machine, it’s best to only run a dishwasher when it’s full.” Britons should keep showers to a maximum of a few minutes. Rachel explained: “There’s lots of advice suggesting baths use more energy than a shower but for this to be true, showers need to be no more than five minutes. “If you go over that, there’s a chance you’ll add to costs.” Remove charger once deice is fully charged Everyone knows this but how many still keep it plugged in? Continuing to charge a fully charged device drains electricity and is therefore wasting money.