The Government’s push to ban petrol and diesel cars by 2030 and switch most drivers to electric vehicles (EVs) is being met with mounting anger by thousands of motorists who believe it’s simply a money-making exercise. As The Department for Transport committed to a two year extension of the Plug-In Van and Truck Grants in a bid to support the purchasing of EVs by businesses, yesterday saw an announcement of £1.6billion in spending to support charging infrastructure. The funding will mean that there will eventually be five times more electric chargepoints in Britain than petrol pumps. Around £500million will be invested to bring high quality, competitively priced public charge points to communities across the UK. This includes a £450million Local Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (LEVI) fund, which will boost projects such as EV hubs and innovative on-street charging, so those without driveways don’t miss out on cleaner transport. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads But many drivers are incensed by the push for greener motoring, with some believing taxation on electric vehicles will rapidly increase and others feeling they are being made to subsidise the wealthy who can afford the higher cost of EVs. Express.co.uk readers have flocked to register their anger at the measures. One commenter, ‘Rosepetal’ said: "Meanwhile us plebs who drive an older petrol or diesel car cannot afford to buy a new electric car for around 20k. "Pointless looking at second hand as after three or four years the electric battery needs replacement." DON'T MISSMajor driving law will see people fined £200 for using phone today [WARNING]Calls to end ‘significant' car tax which is forcing drivers off roads [SHOCKING]Major diesel changes are a ‘deadly tax’ and will ruin businesses [INSIGHT] Another, ‘Roberthall1’ wrote: “What about the millions of batteries that will need to be recycled in a few years? Like the wind turbine blades that they can't get rid of? “It is all a huge scam. It would be easy enough to retro fit a filter on all cars that takes away the pollutants. No profit in that though. “Where do they think all the electricity comes from? The Electric fairy?” ‘Ianborn1973’ replied: “Just like smart meters that are for our benefit and ground source heat pumps that only work on well insulated houses. All smoke and mirrors to push their CONTROL over everything we do.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson has praised the moves, saying: “We’re powering ahead with plans to help British people go electric, with our expanding charging network making journeys easier right across the country. “Clean transport isn’t just better for the environment, but is another way we can drive down our dependence on external energy supplies. “It will also create new high-skilled jobs for our automotive and energy sectors and ultimately secure more sustainable and affordable motoring for all.” But the vast majority of readers didn’t agree with the PM, with ‘MrBlack’ writing: “From what I've seen from this incompetent Government, they will probably put them on double yellow lines, so they can fine the users.” Others cast doubt on the existence of ‘zero emissions’ vehicles, with one reader ‘Yetti’ writing: “What are the emissions from making the steel? The emissions from mining, separating, processing and transporting the lithium? “Unless we are suddenly generating all our power from “renewables”, what are the emissions from charging the batteries? “How about the rubber for the tyres, the electronics the lubricants, etc, etc?” ‘Disabled’ added: “Another con by Gov.UK… Blair said buy diesel cars and now see what happened with that great experiment.”