Russian President Vladimir Putin has been waging a bloody war on neighbouring Ukraine for over a month now, with peace talks ongoing with no clear end in sight. BBC Security Corresponded Gordon Carrera explained reports that Putin's advisors were afraid to tell him the honest truth about Russian troop complications on the ground and the true impact of the economic sanctions imposed by the West on Russia. The security expert also discussed reports of tension between Putin and his defence ministry. Mr Carrera told the BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Yes that's right, I mean we heard there from Jeremy Fleming, about how Vladimir Putin had misjudged massively the original decision to invade. "But I think it was also significant that we heard that British intelligence believes that they're still afraid, his own advisors, to tell him the truth. "And that does dovetail very closely with what American officials also said yesterday. "Which makes it all look quite coordinated, they say Vladimir Putin is being misled, both about the military situation on the ground but also the economic impact of sanctions. "And they pointed to persistent tension, between him and his defence ministry." JUST IN: Boy found in hunt for student who vanished after night out with friends     Many political experts and commentators have pointed out how unprepared Russian forces seemed to be. Many of the young conscripts have only basic training and little experience on the battlefield, which has caused mass problems for Russia. Some Russian troops have absconded and refused to fight, whilst reports of one Russian soldier running over his Officer with a tank have been circulating and confirmed. Security and defence editor for Sky News Deborah Haynes revealed another mistake Russian troops had made on Twitter. READ MORE: Kamala Harris left viewers fuming after 'incoherent' speech - 'Wasteful gibberish'     Another Russian lieutenant general has been killed in battle near the Ukrainian city of Kherson, various reports confirm. More than four Russian generals have been killed during fighting in the city of Mariupol already. Many reports have also confirmed that the invasion of Ukraine is causing mass loss of Russia's top officers and military leaders, as they have been put on the front lines. NATO has estimated that up to 15,000 Russian troops have- already been killed since the fighting started 5 weeks ago. DON’T MISS: Donald Trump slammed by White House after begging Putin for information on Hunter BidenBlow to Joe Biden’s billionaire tax proposal after US Senator declares no voteLiz Truss to urge Narendra Modi to call out Putin over Ukraine invasion in trip to India  GCHQ boss Sir Jeremy Fleming said: “It increasingly looks like Putin has massively misjudged the situation. It’s clear he misjudged the resistance of the Ukrainian people. "He underestimated the strength of the coalition his actions would galvanise. He underplayed the economic consequences of the sanctions regime. “He overestimated the abilities of his military to secure a rapid victory. We’ve seen Russian soldiers – short of weapons and morale - refusing to carry out orders, sabotaging their own equipment, and even accidentally shooting down their own aircraft. “And even though we believe Putin’s advisers are afraid to tell him the truth, what’s going on and the extent of these misjudgements must be crystal clear to the regime." 