Tennis player Sergiy Stakhovsky recently made the difficult decision to leave his wife and children in Hungary to join the Ukrainian forces fighting against Russia. On Tuesday morning he spoke to Susanna Reid and Rob Rinder on Good Morning Britain about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and Sergiy pleaded with the West to do more to help those fighting for Ukraine.    Sergiy made it clear he’s grateful for all the support Ukraine has received so far, but insisted more needs to be done to stop Russia and Vladimir Putin. The tennis star said: “My message is that the world needs to unite and stop this mess. “I mean, with all the sanctions I can see the support of all the people around the world. “I’ve received hundreds of messages from friends and not friends, just people randomly. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv?   "The support and even the restrictions and sanctions on the Russian Federation in terms of sport, culture, it’s great it’s working. I mean, I’m very sure it’s working. “But, it doesn’t stop him [Putin] from what he does and somebody really needs to put a stop. “He’s threatening the world with a nuclear weapon while he is the one invading Ukraine. He’s not under threat. “What’s going to happen if for some reason he will feel he’s being threatened by someone? He’s going to use the nukes?   “I’m not really sure we can have a person in today's world with that capability of nuclear weapons. "We’re not even sure what he will do next,” Sergiy added. He pleaded with the West to help put in place a no fly zone in Ukraine: “We just need to close down the air space above us. “Give us a fighting chance to fight the Russians because from above they are superior, we can’t do nothing about it. DON'T MISS...The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role [INSIGHT]Fern Britton admits to missing 'chaos' of This Morning [MUST SEE]Don Warrington shares update on return to Death in Paradise [UPDATE]  “On the ground they have no morale. They don’t have the morale to fight because we are fighting on our territory and they are coming to invade. That’s a really big difference,” Sergiy explained. Ukrainian activist Daria Kaleniuk was also welcomed onto the programme and made calls for a no fly zone to be put in place above Ukraine. “The Ukrainian army is strong enough on the ground, but we don’t have enough protection for our sky. “We don’t have enough air defence systems. What I was begging Boris Johnson yesterday is actually to impose either a no fly zone or alternative solutions for NATO which will enable NATO planes and air defence systems to hit Russian missiles,” she explained.   Daria fumed: “We are hearing a lot of support from the western partners, we are saying that humanitarian support is coming, but actually it’s impossible even to deliver humanitarian aid now to occupied territories in the far east of Ukraine. “In days these people will be dying. There will be no water, no food, no heating, no electricity, no medicine. “If there will be no protection of Ukrainian skies there will be no opportunity to evacuate these people,” she revealed. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 