David Bennett Sr, from Baltimore in the US state of Maryland, received the heart of a genetically-altered pig to replace his own on January 7, 2022. Mr Bennett suffered from severe heart disease, and underwent the procedure at the University of Maryland Medical Center in Baltimore. He had been turned away from a number of waiting lists for a human heart before agreeing to the experimental surgery. A spokesperson for the hospital told the New York Times: “There was no obvious cause identified at the time of his death."  Mr Bennett was 57 years old when he died. Doctors said Mr Bennett's condition had begun to deteriorate several days before his death.  But Mr Bennett's physicians did not specify an exact cause of death. The operation to place a modified pig's heart into a human was a pioneering one, and the first of its kind. In a statement, Mr Bennett's son, David Bennett Jr, thanked the facility for the chance for his father to undergo the surgery. He said he hoped their efforts would help bring a quicker end to the organ shortage.  READ MORE: Ukraine war sparks UK food shortage fears for millions over export ban  Mr Bennett Jr said: "We are grateful for every innovative moment, every crazy dream, every sleepless night that went into this historic effort." He continued: "We hope this story can be the beginning of hope and not the end." Dr Bartley Griffith, head of the cardiac transplant program at the University of Maryland Medical Center, described his optimism for the results just after Mr Bennett's surgery in January. He told the New York Times: “It creates the pulse, it creates the pressure, it is his heart." DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Putin on alert as UK and NATO poised to deploy 5k-strong [LIVE] Russia set to launch 'assault' on Ukrainian capital Kyiv [REPORT] EXPERT reveals how to psychologically beat 'malignant narcissist Putin [REVEAL] He added: “It’s working and it looks normal. "We are thrilled, but we don’t know what tomorrow will bring us.” Following Mr Bennett's death, Dr Griffith said hospital staff were "devastated" by the news. He added: “He proved to be a brave and noble patient who fought all the way to the end.  “Mr. Bennett became known by millions of people around the world for his courage and steadfast will to live.” Prior to the operation, Mr Bennett underwent four psychiatric evaluations to ensure he was able to give consent to the procedure. All staff involved in the operation were also given the ability to opt-out of involvement, The New Yorker reported.  A number of the genes in the donor pig's genetic makeup had been altered by scientists. Three of these included ones likely to be detected as "foreign" by the human body when producing certain sugars. 