The LTA announced on Thursday it had been awarded a five-year deal to host the Davis Cup Group Stages, beginning later this year in Glasgow. It's a huge boost for their other bid to stage the Billie Jean King Cup Finals this year and capitalise on the hype created by Emma Raducanu's historic US Open win. The Bromley teenager became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam title last year. Glasgow will act as one of four host cities for the Davis Cup Group Stages from September 14-18 this year, alongside Bologna, Hamburg and Malaga. It will be the first time in four years that Britain will play on home ground in the Davis Cup and gives the team a good boost to get Andy Murray back in the squad for the first time since 2019, with the five-day event staged in Scotland this year with the LTA planning to take the Group Stages around the country in future years. Nations will compete in four groups across the four cities, with the top two advancing to a quarterfinal knock-out competition that will be held at a yet-to-be-confirmed neutral venue from November 23-27. Murray, who led Britain to Davis Cup glory in 2015, skipped out on the event in the last two years because he felt the season was too long and wanted to prevent injury, but will likely be interested in competing in front of a home crowd. The agreement made between the LTA, the ITF and Kosmos Tennis will allow Britain to host a Group Stage for five years, on the basis that Britain qualifies or receives a wild card for the finals in each of those years, meaning Murray could be tempted into the squad for what will likely be the rest of his career. JUST IN: Djokovic 'rooting' for Kyrgios over Nadal as two reasons come to light   The LTA is also hoping the deal puts them in good stead for their other bid to stage the women's equivalent of the tournaments dubbed the 'world cup of tennis', the Billie Jean King Cup. Tennis chiefs are hoping Raducanu's rise and popularity would make their £10m bid to bring the 12-nation competition to Britain viable, which would also give the British BJK Cup squad a place in the Finals for the first time in 30 years. Speaking on the Davis Cup deal, LTA Chief Executive Scott Lloyd said: “This is brilliant news for British tennis fans and we are thrilled to be bringing the excitement of the Davis Cup back home in 2022. Over the years we have seen exactly how much this competition has meant to both players and supporters, and it plays a big part in our ambition to stage more events around Great Britain, enabling us to open up tennis to more people. We are keen to bring other events to this country and remain in the running to host the Billie Jean King Cup finals later this year." DON'T MISSMedvedev facing more ban calls as Ukrainian player wants No 1 blockedNadal gives verdict on major shake-up affecting French Open chancesRafael Nadal makes Indian Wells admission as injury worsens  In order to stage the BJK Cup Finals, at least £9m would be needed for the prize pot as well as the availability of multiple indoor arenas able to hold at least two hard courts. 12 nations would compete in a round-robin group stage with the top four going through to the semi-finals. And hosting the event would come with an added benefit for Britain's BJK Cup squad as they would be given direct entry to the finals. Raducanu has never competed in the event but would be a strong choice for team captain Anne Keothavong as the British No 1, who has a winning record against players who have been ranked in the top ten which would prove valuable against some of the top nations.  