Charles Leclerc will eventually replace Lewis Hamilton as Max Verstappen's major rival in Formula One, according to former driver Johnny Herbert. Leclerc had a fine start to the new season last weekend by winning in Bahrain. Verstappen suffered from steering and power issues late on and was forced to retire alongside Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez. Leclerc took advantage to win the race, with Lewis Hamilton grabbing an unlikely spot on the podium. Hamilton and Verstappen's rivalry reached its peak in 2021. Verstappen won his first world title in hugely controversial circumstances after overtaking Hamilton on the final lap of the last race of the season in Abu Dhabi. At 37, Hamilton doesn't have many seasons left in him on the grid. But Verstappen and Leclerc are both 24 and are set to be competing with each other for a long time yet.  Their rivalry first started three years ago at the Austrian Grand Prix but Ferrari's struggles in recent seasons has often kept the duo apart. But Ferrari's clear improvement this year is set to reignite what was started. When asked if it is a rivalry which could be long term after Hamilton and Verstappen's, Herbert told Sky Sports News: "Yeah [it could run and run], definitely so. We go back to 2019, Austria, when Max forced off Leclerc on the last lap and he wasn't very happy about it, Charles Leclerc. "They went to Silverstone, he went: 'Okay, if that's the game Max is going to play, I'm going to play that same game', and he did exactly that at Silverstone, a little bit of wheel banging between those two. But we haven't really seen Charles Leclerc be able to mix it with these guys for a long time now.  "So now we have the opportunity in a Ferrari that does look very competitive, a Red Bull that looks equally competitive and then hopefully throw in Lewis at the same time." Herbert was seriously impressed with Leclerc's drive in Bahrain and he wonders if he will be able to keep Verstappen at bay again in Saudi Arabia this weekend. He added: "But it's brilliant to see that sort of spacial awareness that Charles Leclerc has with that battle we had with Max Verstappen in Bahrain, because he outfoxed him twice. So that's really going to be interesting to see - can he keep outfoxing him?" 