US Secretary of State Antony Blinken was told by Lithuania’s Foreign Minister Gabrielius Landsbergis ­yesterday: “We cannot pay for oil and gas with the blood of Ukraine.” Talks about choking Russia’s economy came as Ukrainians continued to flee Putin’s savage shelling and soldiers staged a desperate fightback. The Prime Minister made it clear last night defeating the Russian tyrant would mean ­surging energy and food bills and higher spending on defence. Oil prices hit a record high of $139 (£106) a ­barrel y­esterday because of the concerns about a potential ban on the West’s use of Russian oil and gas. Food prices are also tipped to spiral because of pressure on ­crucial agricultural supplies. Mr Johnson admits consumers face an increased financial burden as a result of East-West ­tensions but he insisted the Government would do everything it could to shield households. He said: “Let’s be in no doubt, there are going to be impacts. We must do everything we can to protect consumers and the public.” Mr Blinken fuelled spikes in prices over the weekend when he said the US was in “very active ­discussions” with European allies over energy sanctions. As a result gas values surged by more than 70 percent to a new all-time high, while the cost of oil hit its highest level for 14 years. Russia warned oil would soar to more than $300 (£230) a barrel if the West banned it. Deputy prime minister Alexander Novak said it would take more than a year for Europe to replace the Russian deliveries. It is the world’s third-largest oil producer, but the largest exporter. But Mr Johnson said at a joint news conference at Downing Street with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau – who had earlier met the Queen at Windsor Castle – and Netherlands leader Mark Rutte that it was “completely the right thing to do” for Western allies to give up the energy imports. He added that the Government will unveil an “energy supply ­strategy” within days to show how the UK can be more reliant on home-grown energy. The PM said: “We need to intensify our self reliance. What we also need to do is go for more nuclear and more use of renewable energy. “So people have a sense of how we are going to meet needs over the short, medium and long term.” Mr Johnson warned that Putin’s refusal to stop his “repugnant” invasion meant the UK and its allies will have “to do more” to support the Ukrainian resistance. He added: “The president of Russia is plainly doubling down. “He has decided he is going to continue with an all-out onslaught on centres of habitation in a way that we think is utterly repugnant.” The Prime Minister announced an extra £175million in UK aid for Ukraine, taking the crisis support to more than £400million. Mr Johnson also spoke to US President Joe Biden, French leader Emmanuel Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz as he tried to rally more support for removing Russia from the Swift payment system. A No 10 spokesman said: “The Prime Minister and other leaders agreed to ­continue to apply pressure on Russia to isolate Putin ­diplomatically and economically. The Prime Minister stressed our goal must be ensuring Putin’s ­failure in this act of aggression against Ukraine.” Taxpayers are being warned to brace for a hike in defence spending with the West on the brink of a new Cold War era. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told MPs yesterday Putin’s invasion showed the need for Nato to spend more on defence. At a hearing of the Commons Foreign Affairs Committee, she said: “We have to strengthen Nato, we ­particularly have to strengthen the eastern flank. We have already deployed more troops into Estonia but there is more to do.” Meanwhile, it was the price of a barrel of Brent crude reaching $139, the highest level since 2008, that inflated fears of the crippling costs set to hit all pockets. Prices are now more than 20 times higher than they were just two years ago. Economic experts suggest an embargo could hike the price of an average tank of petrol close to £100. Average prices exceeded 155p a litre for the first time on Sunday, figures from data firm Experian Catalist showed. The average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts was 155.62p while the price of diesel hit a record high of 161.28p. A year ago the price per litre of petrol and ­diesel was 124.32p and 127.25p respectively, the RAC said. The cost of filling up a typical 55-litre family car with either fuel has become more than £17 more expensive over that period. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “The average price of petrol across the UK has jumped by more than 4p in a week, topping £1.55 for the first time ever. It means a gallon costs over £7. Diesel, however, has increased by 6.5p a litre to £1.61 or £7.30 a ­gallon. These hikes are unprecedented and will sadly be hitting both homes and businesses hard.” Campaigners and motor experts have called for Chancellor Rishi Sunak to slash VAT to at least 15 percent in a bid to help drivers save 6.5p a litre. This would take the average price of unleaded under £1.50. VAT is currently charged at a rate of 20 percent on petrol and diesel. Mr Williams said: “This could also limit the impact of fuel price rises.” Rod McKenzie of the Road Haulage Association described the spike in the cost of diesel as “dramatic”. He said it was “inevitable” that customers will pay more for goods transported by lorries. Mr McKenzie added: “I suspect this will mean prices going up on everything that is delivered by a truck, which is frankly 97 percent of everything we get in Britain.” Cabbies are queuing at ranks rather than driving in search of passengers due to diesel costs. Former ­Foreign Office minister Sir Alan Duncan claimed blocking Russian oil supplies could lead to a “dystopian economic collapse”. He said: “There is this auction of ­indignation, which all of us understand. So they ban everything but in the end we’re going to end up banning our own supplies.” The boss of one of the world’s biggest fertiliser firms has warned food prices will soar. Svein Tore Holsether, head of Yara, said: “It’s not about whether there will be a global food crisis. It’s about how big the crisis is going to be.” THE tragic conflict in Ukraine has shocked the world with scenes of death and devastation. And the dawning realisation across the West that we - through our dependence on oil and gas - are bankrolling Putin's war machine, is a particularly bitter pill to swallow. Russia's economy is based on oil and gas... totalling a whopping 60 per cent of its exports. The European Union, UK and US are still buying more than $600million of oil and gas from Russia each day. And although the UK directly imports just four per cent of its gas demand from Russia, this alone means we would spend £2.3billion on Russian gas in a year. That is equivalent to £6.3million a day, if we continue to import that amount. So while we condemn Vladimir Putin's aggression on the one hand, we are meekly replenishing his war chest on the other. Diversifying gas supply away from Russia is necessary, but not sufficient. Russia is one of the largest exporters of fossil fuels and its actions manipulate the global price, war or no war. UK energy bills could reach as high as £3,000 a year this year, and petrol prices have hit an average of 155p a litre in the UK as global prices soar to record levels. Britain's energy security as well as household financial stability depend on the economy as a whole moving away from its dependence on gas. Some readers will no doubt be having a serious think about shifting from a gas boiler to a cheaper-to-run electric heat pump (incentivised by £5,000 on offer from the Government's Boiler Upgrade Scheme come April), and installing insulation and solar panels. These measures will permanently bring down bills. And as more electricity comes from cheaper homegrown British renewables, we don't have to worry about Putin turning the gas taps off, particularly with technologies like batteries to provide back-up power. Ultimately, our net zero emissions target means that we can move off gas (which has driven up the average energy bill by £500) almost entirely. Common sense measures like more insulation and British renewables will keep us warm and the lights on. *Selpi Golzari-Munro is the acting director of the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit HOW HAS THE PRICE OF OIL BEEN IMPACTED BY RUSSIA'S INVASION OF UKRAINE? The cost of natural gas has smashed past UK records while Brent crude oil surged to its highest level since 2008 yesterday. A barrel of crude reached $139, beating last week's record highs. HOW DEPENDENT IS THE UK ON RUSSIAN GAS? Most UK gas comes from the North Sea and Norway. But about four per cent of UK supplies came from Russia last year, in the form of liquefied natural gas. HOW WILL CONSUMERS BE IMPACTED? Pump prices have rocketed at forecourts, with drivers paying record highs for fuel every day. The average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts on Sunday was 155.62p. The price of diesel is also at a record high of 161.28p. A year ago, the price per litre of petrol and diesel was 124.32p and 127.25p respectively. Customers will pay more for goods transported by lorries, including food. Energy bills, however, should be protected from the immediate effects of the spike in gas prices thanks to the price cap.   WHAT ACTIONS COULD THE GOVERNMENT TAKE TO HELP? Chancellor Rishi Sunak could slash VAT from 20 to 15 per cent to help drivers save 6.5p a litre. This would take the average price of unleaded to under 150p. He could soften the impact of bills by placing the burden on profiteering oil and gas firms instead with a windfall tax. WHAT COULD THE WEST DO TO REDUCE ITS RELIANCE ON RUSSIAN OIL AND GAS? Europe could make efforts to import more gas in the summer to fill up its storage facilities - while governments have been told to fast-track renewable capacity, to extend the life of nuclear power plants and to increase the output of bioenergy power plants. HOW DOES UKRAINE'S INVASION AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT'S NET-ZERO COMMITMENTS? The Government wants to speed up renewable projects so the UK is no longer reliant on foreign countries for energy. 