A Place In The Sun host Laura Hamilton, 39, has taken to Instagram and shared a series of photos of her eight-year-old son Rocco with a drip attached to his arm. The Channel 4 presenter was inundated with messages of support as the entrepreneur thanked the NHS. Taking to the picture-sharing site today, Laura said, in view of her 154,000 followers, how her children "would always come first". Sharing a photo of herself holding her son's hand, a drip could be seen placed at the elbow with a plaster over it. The mum-of-two explained that the last few days had been "interesting" but she did not address the reason behind her son's hospital visit. Laura captioned the post: "The last few days have been interesting to say the least… READ MORE: Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap "Being a Mum is THE most important job in the world and no matter what Rocco and Tahlia will ALWAYS come first. "This brave little boy has been through it over the last few weeks and I just want to thank the NHS for helping him get better." She signed off with the hashtags: "#nhs #thankyou #priorities #children." The Channel 4 presenter was swiftly inundated with messages from celebrity pals and viewers alike.  Julia Bradbury wrote: "You're right... Being a Mum is No 1. Hope you're little man pulls through." Danni Menzies commented: "Sending lots of love." "Hope he is ok," Suzie Shaw offered. Social media user, Vanessa Gordan mused: "Sorry to hear about Rocco. It’s so tough when our children are poorly. Hope he is on the mend soon." DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais posts Office alopecia joke and likes Chris Rock tweets[LATEST]Naga Munchetty reacts to 'brilliant news' producer joined The One Show[TV]Venus Williams suffers wardrobe malfunction during Oscars ceremony[PICTURES] Charlie added: "Oh no I hope he’s ok and on the mend." Laura shares her son Rocco and six-year-old daughter Thalia with her husband Alex Goward. The small-screen star announced earlier this year, that she and her other half had separated after 10 years of marriage. Laura married insurance broker Alex in 2012 three years after they started dating. She first shared the news of their split via Instagram where she admitted it "wasn't something she ever thought she'd be saying". The presenter moved out of her family home and has since settled into a new place. After moving in this month, Laura told OK! magazine that her new abode was already "feeling like home". "When I walked through the door, it felt like coming home," she said. "I knew from the moment I first saw it. It has such a lovely feeling about it. I do feel like this is my little place in the country."