Amanda Owen, 47, has taken to Twitter today to share some heartwarming pictures of her daughter, Clemmie, six, riding a pony in Yorkshire. The presenter then opened up on how she was feeling during "troubled" days, as she responded to a fan's comment on her post which praised her for being a positive influence on social media. The message was shared with Amanda’s 191,800 followers. The Yorkshire shepherdess said in the caption for her photos: “No foot, no horse. “#yorkshire #horses #ride #lead.” She then received a reply from a follower, crediting her for helping a lot of people who suffer from mental health struggles amid difficult times with her joyful photos. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award @Jewelleigh21 wrote: “Thank you so much Amanda for your uplifting posts. "Just want you to know that you are helping to keep lots of folks mental health from declining in these troubled days with your joyful pictures xx.” Amanda responded positively, saying that she wants to help people “practically”, which sometimes makes her feel "helpless". Hinting that Russia's war with Ukraine has been playing on her mind, the Our Yorkshire Farm star penned: “Lovely lady, thank you. “Like many, many people there’s an overriding feeling of helplessness. “Frustrating when you’re not a thoughts & prayers kinda person and you practically want to be able to help.” @Jewelleigh21 responded once more, saying that there is a lot of good in the world. The user said: “Exactly. I’m fortunately mentally well but I have family who are not. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] “We all need to cling on to as many joyful happy things as possible. “Looking at real and lovely images help us realise that there is still so much good in the world xx.” Other users were quick to jump on to the post and echo the same sentiments. @Twiggslane wrote: “I think Amanda and her lovely family are a tonic xx.” @Carr56_andrew said: “I agree with the last message you really help with my mental health love all the photos and videos.” @Nellybucket commented: “A truly wonderful, amazing family. You are so loved by many strangers.” @DogwalkerLN12 said: “It’s great to see you little ones doing this important task on their own.” @Kimnicholls16 said: “Clemmie looks after Tony so well  - what a great little girl.”