As the war in Ukraine continues through its fourth week, the UNHCR reports over 3.4 million refugees have left their homes and seek shelter in countries across Europe, in a deteriorating humanitarian crisis. The UK has been criticised for the complex and lengthy processes that refugees have to go through before they are accepted into the country.  Applications through the Homes for Ukraine scheme opened on Friday, but host families say that the required steps to fill the application are “impossible” and an “absolute nightmare”. Lee Havenhand and his wife, Rebecca, a couple in their 30s, are among those to apply to host Ukrainian refugees in their Doncaster home. They were matched with a Ukrainian woman from Lviv and her two daughters, and they helped them through the process to submit their application. Mr Havenhand told the Daily Mail: “It’s a good job we did because the forms are an absolute nightmare. “They took us six hours because of the amount of information and evidence that is required. “It asks for children’s birth certificates – which is a problem for many people who have already fled their homes.” He added: “They also ask for proof of father’s consent, which is not always possible if he has gone off to fight in the war. “It’s a shambles. We just have to cross our fingers that it is going to go through soon." READ MORE: Amanda Holden slams Priti Patel over plight of Ukrainian refugees [REPORT]Words alone won't help these refugees, says NICK FERRARI [COMMENT]Traffickers target children fleeing Ukraine [INSIGHT] Similar concerns were raised by a 58-year-old woman, who was matched to share her home in Derbyshire with a Ukrainian woman and two daughters. The woman, who asked not to be named, said the refugees had travelled from a village near Lviv to Berlin but wanted to move to the UK as the older daughter spoke English. She told the Daily Mail that the family have been sleeping on the floor of a rest centre while they wait for visas. The woman added: “‘There is no way on God’s given earth that they could have filled those forms in. DON'T MISS: Bodies of 2,500 Russians transported to Belarus in secret