Learning English can be helpful for finding a job or studying, and is useful even for daily activities like going to the shops or booking a doctor's appointment. As well as attending English language classes in person, you can also learn English online. For example, the BBC offers a free Learning English service. The ESOL Courses website also offers a host of classes including: Oxford International Education Group is an English language education provider, which offers a range of courses that are now free of charge to refugees and displaced people in the UK. Students will have free access to a Virtual Learning Campus, giving them additional self-guided learning courses set by their teacher, to build confidence in their language skills. Oxford International Digital Institute invites people to register their interest in the courses. Lil Bremermann-Richard, Group Chief Executive Officer of Oxford International said: “Yes, we’ve developed an entirely online process that means people who have some working proficiency with English can get free access to a virtual learning campus where they can meet and see their tutor and access their English language results online. “On completion all students will receive a certificate of completion. If students wish to have their language formally evaluated, they are welcome to take our English Language Level Test during the fourth week of the course.” Mrs Bremermann-Richard said: “Learning any language can be challenging at first, but we’ve found our students can find it just as easy to learn online as in person. During the pandemic we adapted our teaching so students can access it from wherever they are located. "All content and classes of our free course for refugees will be easily available online through any smartphone, tablet, or laptop. It’s the same academic rigour but with more flexibility. “We already work with 42 different partners in including most UK universities and it’s a proven and tested model we use with our usual students seeking places in higher education.”