Vladimir Putin is believed to have hoped his "special operation" in Ukraine would conclude within days with the submission of large parts of his neighbouring country. However, fierce resistance from both regular military forces and civilian volunteers have thrown a spanner in the advance of the Russian Army, with only one major city believed to have been taken over. Experts had previously suggested the port city of Odessa would be high on Moscow's target list, but Air Marshal Edward Stringer highlighted the main obstacle to Russia's plans. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Stringer said: "What we're seeing is the map hasn't moved much at all, has it? "There's not much red over here so the overall assumption has got to be that those 200,000-odd troops that Putin committed are stretched pretty much to their elastic limit. "You've highlighted some of the towns that are under siege but it's really only Kherson that seems to have fallen. "And then people talk about why hasn't he pushed on to Odessa?" READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Well, let's put some numbers on here – this distance is 120 miles through Mykolaiv which they'd have to take as well. It's a million people and if you want to invest that town with a suitable military force, you've get the 120 miles and then you've got to keep it supplied. I think that's a bridge too far.  He continued: "Well, let's put some numbers on here – this distance is 120 miles through Mykolaiv which they'd have to take as well. "It's a million people and if you want to invest that town with a suitable military force, you've got the 120 miles, and then you've got to keep it supplied. "I think that's a bridge too far." Last week, the Russian Navy was seen positioning ships right off the coast of Odessa, spurring local officials to start mining the beaches. READ MORE: Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of dictatorship: 'Massive impact'  Odessa Mayor Gennadiy Trukhanov warned Russian forces could soon surround his southern Ukrainian port city on three fronts. Mr Trukhanov said Moscow forces would seek to advance from territories they have occupied in the Mykolaiv region towards Moldova's separatist-controlled Transdniestria region, where Russian troops are based. The move could effectively cut Odessa off from the rest of Ukraine. He added: "Also, we think that while this is happening, Russian landing ships could surround us from the sea." DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmitry Kuleba said Ukraine is ready to negotiate but will not surrender to Moscow or cave to ultimatums. He also reiterated civilian lives would be saved if Ukraine had fighter jets and more attack planes to destroy large military columns. NATO has refused to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine out of concerns their intervention could be interpreted as an "act of war" against Moscow. A no-fly zone would effectively result in any Russian Airforce plane entering Ukrainian airspace being shot down.