Marcus Rashford is weighing up his long-term future at Manchester United as a result of his lack of first-team minutes this season, according to reports. The 24-year-old has largely been restricted to a bit-part role since Ralf Rangnick took charge of the club back in November and has struggled to impress on a consistent basis for the Red Devils over the last few years. Rashford has started just two of United's last 11 games in the Premier League and was forced to settle for a spot on the bench once again for the trip to Manchester City on Sunday. He was introduced as a second-half substitute but was unable to prevent his side from slipping to a humbling 4-1 defeat at the Etihad Stadium. The England ace is a product of United's academy and made a splash when he rose to prominence after breaking into the first-team picture back in 2016. However, he is yet to establish himself alongside the likes of Bruno Fernandes and Cristiano Ronaldo as one of the club's best players and is now said to be thinking about a future move elsewhere in an attempt to revitalise his career. Rashford is 'seriously considering' the idea of submitting a transfer request when the market re-opens in the summer, according to The Guardian. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick replies to Keane and Neville after City loss The report claims that Rashford, who missed the first two months of this season after undergoing corrective surgery on a shoulder injury, is frustrated with his lack of game time under Rangnick's management. He has slipped behind Anthony Elanga in the pecking order at Old Trafford over the last few weeks, a setback which has driven him to ask questions over his future at the club for the very first time. The forward remains tied down to United until the summer of 2023, while the Red Devils are said to have the option to extend his contract for a further 12 months. Rashford is reportedly keen for the club to provide assurances over his playing time as he mulls over whether his fortunes would be set to improve under a new manager next season. United are said to be fully committed to their search for Rangnick's eventual replacement, with the German coach set to move into a consultancy role at the end of the current campaign. The likes of Ajax boss Erik Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino of Paris Saint-Germain have been heavily linked with the position as of late and are both understood to be high on the club's list of potential candidates. Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Rashford will eventually push to leave United at the end of the season or if he can be convinced that it would be in his best interests to stay and fight for his place in the side. Former Premier League defender Alan Hutton recently warned that United's hierarchy may be forced to deal with Rashford's situation as a matter of priority in order to avoid making him unhappy in the near future. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "Probably the biggest concern for me is that he is not really playing with a smile on his face," Hutton told Football Insider when quizzed on the matter earlier this year. "He doesn’t look happy. When you’re unhappy in the situation or the team that you’re playing with, it affects your performances. "We know about his injuries and that he has had dips in form, that is fine. You can see players, when they come back, running about and working really hard. "But it just really doesn’t look happy to me at the moment and nothing’s really coming off for him. It’s a real shame because we all know how talented he actually is." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here