Carlo Ancelotti has already made his feelings clear about Bruno Fernandes amid reported interest from Manchester United in the Italian. Ancelotti has emerged as a potential candidate for United to be the permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Old Trafford. Ralf Rangnick's interim spell at the club will come to an end at the end of the season. Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax manager Erik ten Hag are two of the top targets for United. But Ancelotti is being considered as a short-term solution by United chiefs. The 62-year-old is currently in charge at Real Madrid but there is doubt over his future at the Bernabeu despite the club sitting top of La Liga. Ancelotti's opinion on the United squad may well be important in his decision of whether to take the job. TOP STORY: Man Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood  And he has previously spoken of his admiration of Portugal star Fernandes. When managing Everton, Ancelotti spoke about the importance of stopping Fernandes as an opposing team. He claimed failing to do so would leave you "dead". Speaking ahead of the League Cup tie against United in December 2020, Ancelotti said: "I've learned that if you leave space to him, or to them, we are dead. So we have to avoid to leave space. DON'T MISSMan Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced [GOSSIP]Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG [REPORT]Everton fan 'walks away' from medical emergency that halted Boreham Wood FA Cup clash [NEWS] "He's doing really well, he's a fantastic player. "I think that he is the key point of United at this moment and of course we have to take care of this." Fernandes is arguably having his least productive season since joining United in January 2020. He has half the number of goals and assists as he got last term in the Premier League but with just 11 games remaining. But the 27-year-old has created nine more chances than any other player in the English top flight this season.  There has been speculation about dressing room unrest at United in recent weeks. But Fernandes dispelled those rumours at a press conference last month. "I don't know what people mean by [these stories] honestly," he said. "I was doing an interview and they asked me about Jadon [Sancho] doing my celebration. I don't think that is something that is going in different ways. "So, I think honestly it's just people trying to complain and make up stories about this club, because we know when someone talks about us they go around the world with their voice and that's something they want." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 