Lando Norris has agreed with Max Verstappen over new regulation rules for the 2022 F1 season. The regulations were changed ahead of the new season to allow cars to follow more closely and improve overtaking. After the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, Norris confirmed he noticed cars could follow other drivers in his own battles. It comes after Verstappen also said following cars was "better than last year" which made them easier to control. The first two races have both seen spectacular battles for the lead of the race between Verstappen and Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. The pair kept repassing each other using the DRS across both race weekends in a great advert for the new cars. READ MORE: Verstappen's overtaking against Leclerc slammed despite Hamilton claim Norris said: “We could follow much closer [at Jeddah] than last year which is good news. It’s also bad news because like with Esteban I got ahead but it’s much easier for them to keep up and have a go at you the next lap. “That’s why you see more backwards and forwards which I think you saw with Max and Charles as well. It is fun and it definitely makes for excitement and a race to look forward to a lot more.” Verstappen has previously praised the new rules, claiming it was easier to follow other cars ahead under the new package. He said: “I think it’s getting better. At least it’s better than last year. Last year, when I got behind someone, I suddenly got understeer or a lot of oversteer. It was out of control. DON'T MISSF1 chief promises 'nose to tail' racing in 2022 [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton gets his wish as FIA changes F1 safety car rule [ANALYSIS]Red Bull raises concerns over new rules changes [COMMENT] “Now I know I lose downforce when I’m behind other cars, and that happens at the front and rear, so it’s easier for the driver to predict and control.” However, Verstappen claimed DRS was still needed to complete overtakes despite calls for the tool to one day be scrapped. He said: “If I didn't have DRS today I would have never passed. I think we are still too sensitive for that. And of course, some tracks are easier to pass than others. But for me at the moment, if DRS wouldn't be there, I would have been second today.” Alpine star Esteban Ocon has also suggested the new cars created better overtaking opportunities for drivers. After the race in Saudi Arabia, he said: “It was a lot of fun. “Good racing with Lando, good racing with Fernando, with Valtteri. “It's a completely different philosophy now racing with these cars, it's pretty much like a go-kart race.”