The Repair Shop’s master metalworker, Dominic Chinea, has opened up about his “crazy” life before he landed a job on the BBC restoration show. Dom used to work as a set designer on celebrity music videos, photoshoots and showbiz events and encountered A-list stars including Formula One legend Lewis Hamilton and singer Cheryl. Explaining his exciting career, Dom told Express.co.uk: “I spent many years traveling all over the world, working on such a huge variety of projects with some amazing people. “I could be building something on a rooftop in London for Lewis Hamilton one day, then the next week in LA working on a perfume campaign for Cheryl Cole, or putting Miley Cyrus in a bath of milk. “It was a crazy time! “I had a lot of fun, and it gave me opportunities to really test my problem-solving abilities in so many situations, working with such a wide variety of materials and skills.” READ MORE:Demi Rose flashes derriere in tiny thong as model strips off Dom worked as a production designer at Rankin Studios for five years, where he built props and backdrops for sets. His other notable projects include Rita Ora’s video for her song Facemelt, Iggy Azalea’s Slo and Azealia Banks’ Liquorice. After many years working behind the scenes, Dominic admitted he was apprehensive about joining The Repair Shop team. The craftsman explained: “If you had met me before The Repair Shop, I would be the last person you would have expected to be in front of the camera. “Although I was very used to being on a film set, I usually stood behind the set holding pieces together. “When the opportunity came about, my initial reaction was to say no way, that’s not for me. “I am quite quiet usually, so having six million people watching me work and listening to what I am saying is quite daunting!” He has appeared on the show since its inception in 2017 and has become a fan favourite for his expert restoration work. DON'T MISSOur Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[LATEST]Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast[INSIGHT]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live[NEWS] After five years in the spotlight, Dom says he is “slowly getting used to” being on TV, but “still gets nervous before every scene”. However, he credits his fellow cast members for spurring him on and adds that “it helps to have such a great supportive atmosphere on set”. Dominic will be appearing at this year’s Ideal Home Show in partnership with NatWest which kicked off on Friday. The metalworker said he is “so excited” to be attending the event for the first time. On what guests can expect, Dom said: “I’ll be on stage talking about my love of salvage yards and upcycling, sharing my tips and tricks to make people feel more confident about giving things a go at home.” The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with NatWest, the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, returns to Olympia London from Friday 11th to Sunday 27th March 2022. Dominic will be attending the show on Monday 21st March. A host of experts and celebrities will be hosting Q&As on stage throughout the 17 days at the show. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.