First rank captain Andrey Paliy, 51, is the first senior Russian naval official to die since the Russian invasion of Ukraine began on February 24. He is, however, not the only high-ranking general to lose his life in combat. On Saturday, amid reports of heavy losses among the Kremlin's troops, Lieutenant-General Andrei Mordvichev, commander of the 8th Combined Arms Army, was confirmed to have been killed in fighting at Chornobaivka, near the southern city of Kherson. Before he died, Paliy was reportedly involved with Russian marine attacks near the port city of Mariupol, where some 400,000 people are currently trapped after weeks of heavy bombardments. The exact circumstances of his reported death are unclear. While Konstantin Tsarenko, secretary of the public council at Sevastopol Nakhimov Naval School, and Ukrainian official Anton Gerashchenko claimed Paliy had been killed, Moscow is yet to officially acknowledge this. Ukraine War LIVE: Fears British fighters may have triggered deadly strike on base Born in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv, Paliy refused to take a Ukrainian military oath in 1993, instead opting to serve in the Russian Northern Fleet. He had earlier served on the Russian nuclear missile cruiser Peter the Great and was deputy head of the Russian Sevastopol Naval Base in Crimea, the Black Sea peninsula seized and annexed by Russia in 2014. According to the UK Ministry of Defence's latest intelligence report, Russia has failed to gain control of the air in its war against Ukraine, which has "significantly blunted their operational progress" while Kyiv continues "to effectively defend Ukrainian air space". As a result, the MoD added, the Kremlin is relying heavily on stand-off weapons launched from Russian airspace to strike targets within Ukraine. Figures released by the Armed Forces of Ukraine and reported by the Kyiv Independent on Sunday show close to 15,000 Russian soldiers have died in Vladimir Putin's war to date. In addition, more than 100 helicopters, 400 tanks and 900 vehicles have been destroyed. The Institute of the Study of War, a US think tank tracking the conflict, said: "Ukrainian forces have defeated the initial Russian campaign of this war. "Its culmination is creating conditions of stalemate throughout most of Ukraine." DON'T MISS: Nuclear war warning: World on brink as conflict could turn atomic [INSIGHT] Ukraine horror: Putin recruits 40,000 'ISIS' fighters [REPORT] Putin could set up 'concentration camps' in Ukraine [WARNING] Despite the unity and faith shown by Ukraine, the toll of the Kremlin's attacks is painfully obvious, with thousands of civilians dead and millions of people, including children, displaced. On Sunday, UNICEF said at least 1.5 million minors have been made refugees by Moscow's assaults, while another 3.3 million are displaced within the country. UNICEF spokesperson Joe English told CNN: "Each of these is an individual child whose life has been torn apart, whose world has been turned upside down."