In a message relayed by Foreign Minister Wang Yi, China said it is looking forward to prospects of broad cooperation. Speaking on the sidelines of China’s annual parliament meeting, Mr Wang said closer bilateral ties with Russia will bring benefits and well-being for both nations.  At the press conference explaining Beijing's position on the conflict, Mr Wang called on both sides to settle disputes by peaceful means, through dialogue and negotiation. He also said all parties must "respect and protect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries. "We must accommodate the legitimate security concerns of the parties involved.” Although China has openly condemned the war, Beijing has stopped short of officially betraying Moscow. China has twice abstained from voting to condemn the war at the United Nations Security Council, and by doing so, has remained diplomatically neutral over the conflict.  Mr Wang said both Russia and Ukraine should consider “long-term peace and stability of the region and put in place a balanced, effective, and sustainable European security architecture.” China is prepared to continue to play a constructive role to facilitate dialogue for peace and work alongside the international community to carry out necessary mediation. Beijing has offered to act as a mediator in the conflict and denounced trade and financial sanctions against Russia. At the time of the initial invasion, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said: “China is closely watching the latest situation, and we call on all parties to maintain restraint and prevent the situation from getting out of control.”  READ MORE:EU claim China must mediate Russia-Ukraine talks hurting credibility Reports have emerged President Xi asked Putin to delay the invasion of Ukraine until after the Winter Olympics. During the opening ceremony of the games, Putin was in attendance. China has also been in direct contact with the United States over the situation between Moscow and Kyiv. Mr Wang said on Saturday the Ukraine crisis can only be solved through dialogue and negotiations and stressed China supports all efforts to help ease tensions and push for a political solution and opposes all actions that are not conducive to diplomatic resolution but add fuel to the fire. The comments were made during a phone conversation with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken on Saturday. This marks the two officials' second phone conversation within two weeks.Mr Blinken briefed Mr Wang about the US stance on the conflict between Russia and Ukraine.  DON'T MISS:Putin abandoned by former oligarch ally [REPORT]Putin takes on BBC as channel taken OFF AIR in Russia [INSIGHT]Citizens urged to fly personal drones [REVEAL] Mr Wang said China had not wanted to see the Ukraine crisis escalate to the current situation. The Foreign Minister also said: “Negotiations may not proceed smoothly, international society should still cooperate and support bilateral talks until their negotiations come to fruition, and peace is agreed upon.” Speaking of Sino-Russian ties, Zhao Tong, a senior fellow in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace said: “China’s strategic alignment with Russia is based on shared world views and the special personal ties between the two countries’ paramount leaders. “It is hard to imagine China imposing sanctions or taking a strong position against Russia.”  Suggesting China’s foreign policy towards Russia is dangerous, Jude Blanchette, Freeman chair at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington said the relationship is “shaping up to be an extraordinary blunder. “The consensus here in Washington is something very profound has occurred, even if the implications are going to take a while to actuate. “All of the incentives and drivers of a tough US policy on China have just been force magnified.” 