Manchester United star Marcus Rashford would accept a two-month break from football if offered it, reckons former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor. Rashford has struggled for form at United this season which saw him left out of Gareth Southgate's latest England squad. The 24-year-old has made just 10 starts in the Premier League this term. He has been unable to earn a regular spot under Ralf Rangnick since the German came in as interim boss at Old Trafford. Agbonlahor believes Rashford has cut a forlorn figure in recent weeks. The pundit claims the forward appears as though he does not want to play football at the moment. And he says a break from the game would be something Rashford would accept. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: “I don’t know, he just looks like he doesn’t like football. READ MORE: Barcelona shirt numbers Robert Lewandowski could wear with 'contract offer prepared'  “He looks like a player who is playing, but doesn’t want to play football at the moment. For me, Rashford doesn’t work on the right side of midfield. "He has to play as a centre-forward or on the left side, and I prefer him on the left, cutting in. Rashford has been outstanding coming in from that left wing, but this season he looks like a player who doesn’t want to play football. “If you said to him to take two months off to clear his head, I think he’d take it. It doesn't look like he wants to play football. DON'T MISSRuud van Nistelrooy’s opinion on Solskjaer sacking with Man Utd return possible [QUOTES]Achraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Arsenal 'begin charm offensive' to beat two clubs to Darwin Nunez transfer [GOSSIP]  “There’s no excitement, no smile on his face. He used to always be smiling and now he’s moody.” Rashford was involved in an ugly incident following United's Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid last week. He appeared to take exception to a remark shouted at him from a supporter. The forward explained the situation in a statement on Twitter later that week. But former Arsenal striker Ian Wright says there was no need for Rashford to speak publicly about it. In a furious outburst, Wright said: "I don't know who's doing it man, who's doing this apologising for them. What the f*** is he apologising for that for?  "These people quick to [say]: 'Oh I'm so sorry'. That's what gives these fans that fuel to think they can just dig people out. "Marcus, stand your ground bro. You've got these people jumping on 'oh Marcus is so sorry' - don't be f****ng sorry for that bro. "Some of them fans love giving it, they can't take it man. You just do your stuff, get back to where you need to be bro where you're playing."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here