Red Bull's Helmut Marko admitted Ferrari seem to have the 'best engine power' after three days of pre-season testing in Barcelona last week. All F1 teams were in Spain for the first run of their newly adapted cars, which have to adhere to the new technical regulations that have been introduced into the sport. It was Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton who ultimately produced the fastest times during the week, but it was the displays of Ferrari duo Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc that mainly caught the eye. The pair ensured the Scuderia completed more laps than any other team, while Leclerc was only just behind seven-time world champion Hamilton in the battle for the fastest lap. The notion of new restrictions has already raised the prospect of the Silver Arrows and Red Bull being severely challenged in 2022, after the two teams dominated the last campaign. Eventual world champion Verstappen and Hamilton won 18 of the 22 Grand Prix races between them, while it was Toto Wolff's team who claimed an eighth straight constructors' crown. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin offered hope of keeping Haas seat and racing in Britain despite sanctions The likes of Ferrari are expected to pose a greater threat this time around and Marko, who serves as an advisor to Red Bull as well as being head of the team driver development program, has conceded it was the Italian giants who drew first blood in Barcelona. “The first balance of the test in Barcelona was that Ferrari overtook Mercedes and Red Bull,” the Austrian was quited as saying by PlanetF1. “They are teams that has different technical concepts and in Bahrain the fine-tuning will be decisive. “In terms of engine power, it seems that Ferrari is now the best.” DON'T MISS:Christian Horner lobbied for rule change which caused Hamilton and Verstappen controversyFerrari boss sceptical of Mercedes and Red Bull secrets ahead of first 2022 F1 raceSebastian Vettel continues to be F1's leading voice against Ukraine invasion However, Marko, 78, doesn't believe it is time for Red Bull to hit the panic button, despite previously admitting the team was struggling to adapt the RB18 cars to the new minimum weight measures. “Verstappen and Perez both they told us that ‘yes, it drives well’,” he continued. “We still have weaknesses, of course, but they seem solvable with relatively little effort. The first impression was very good.” Despite his team's strong display, Ferrari boss Mattia Binotto has also stated he believes there is much more to come from both Mercedes and Red Bull. Spanish driver Sainz has already talked up Ferrari's chances though, believing he is now in title contention with drivers appearing to be closer to a level playing field. Teams will head to Bahrain for three further days of testing from March 10-12, before the opening race takes place in the country on Sunday, March 20. This campaign will consist of a record 23 events, although F1 bosses are currently seeking a replacement for the Russian Grand Prix which has been axed amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine.