Mohamed Salah reportedly told his Liverpool team-mates that he wants to stay at the club, despite speculation that talks between the club and his agent have broken down. Salah will be a free agent in 2023, and so far talks to extend his deal have been unsuccessful. Salah's future continues to be a constant talking point, with the club hero yet to put pen to paper on a new deal. The Egyptian's agent has been locked in talks with Anfield chiefs, but the two parties are yet to reach an agreement. The forward has bagged 20 goals and provided 10 assists in just 26 Premier League appearances this season. Yet all the discussion around Salah has been on his future as he approaches the final year of his current deal. Salah is believed to want a salary in the region of £500,000 per-week, a figure Liverpool are unwilling to pay. If they agreed, it would make Salah the highest-paid player in the Premier League. JUST IN: Barcelona boss Xavi reacts to Real Madrid wanting to sign Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland  Last week it was reported that, due to Salah's demands, talks between the club and his agent had collapsed. It was claimed that Salah had no intention of signing the deal on the table from the Reds. But according to BILD, Salah has told his team-mates that he wants to stay at the club, despite speculation linking him with a move away from Anfield to Spain. Speaking earlier in the year, Salah insisted he wasn't asking for an astronomical wage in negotiations with Anfield chiefs. Amid all the uncertainty over his future, Salah was unable to do enough to convince head coach Jurgen Klopp to start him against Arsenal on Wednesday night. The forward is still recovering from an injury he picked up against Brighton on Saturday, and was forced to settle for the bench at the Emirates. Speaking before the match, Klopp said: "He made it, he just had one training session. He can come on really good." Klopp instead named an attacking line-up with Diogo Jota, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz as a front three. Klopp is still determined to convince Salah to sign a new long-term contract, and spoke on Tuesday to confirm talks were still ongoing. He said: "The decisive parties are in contact and the rest we will see." The head coach's optimism may not be shared by everyone at the club, however, as reports suggest Fenway Sports Group are unwilling to break the bank for Salah's new deal. The Athletic reports the club are willing to make him their highest-paid player ever, but are not willing to go above and beyond the current wage structure in place.