The justice secretary revealed on Saturday that he would seek to create a "British Bill of Rights" to replace the Human Rights Act. In theory, it would create a legal "trump card" in free speech, which would obtain the "greatest overriding importance and weight". But critics have warned he has misled the public in his statements about the act and intends to reduce people's ability to challenge the Government. In 1998, lawmakers in the House of Commons voted to extend the provisions offered by the European Convention on Human Rights to the UK. The ECHR had already existed for nearly 50 years beforehand, drafted by the Council of Europe in 1950 and activated in 1953. The act includes 13 articles that guarantee people under its scope with basic protections under the law. READ MORE: Priti Patel in migrant storm as High Court rules Home Office broke law Those protections include: Article 2: Right to life Article 3: Freedom from torture and inhuman or degrading treatment Article 4: Freedom from slavery and forced labour Article 5: Right to liberty and security Article 6: Right to a fair trial Article 7: No punishment without law Article 8: Respect for your private and family life, home and correspondence Article 9: Freedom of thought, belief and religion Article 10: Freedom of expression Article 11: Freedom of assembly and association Article 12: Right to marry and start a family Article 13: Protection from discrimination in respect of these rights and freedoms Mr Raab claimed the Conservatives aimed to replace the act with a document designed to prevent infringements on "democratic debate". He told the Daily Mail the Government would ensure “wokery and political correctness” would not sway people's rights. His intended replacement, a UK "Bill of Rights", would protect media freedom, he added. The proposed document is currently out for consultation, meaning the Government is deciding what provisions or articles it will include. Any agreed rules, Mr Raab said, would tighten around preventing incitement of violence and promotion of terrorism. The bill would also introduce mandatory deportation for all foreign criminals jailed for at least a year. Human rights experts have criticised the Governments plans as misleading, stating they will restrict rather than liberate free speech. Laura Trevelyan, the campaign manager of Amnesty International's Human Rights in the UK, said ministers want to "slash away at the powers ordinary people have got to challenge the Government and its decisions". She argued that Saturday's announcement was the "latest attempt to mislead" and break away from a document with a well-proven track record of protecting media freedom. Ms Trevelyan said: "Just this week the Human Rights Act protected free speech when a journalist used it to defend the confidentiality of his sources." “When you think about the Human Rights Act, think of Hillsborough, or the successful challenge to police banning women from holding a vigil for Sarah Everard, or how the Government will be forced to hold a proper inquiry into its handling of the Covid pandemic. “The Human Rights Act is the most important weapon ordinary people have against the state and wrongful treatment, and we should all be very suspicious of the very people it holds to account telling us they are doing us a favour by watering it down.” Mr Raab is a longtime critic of the Human Rights Act, as he once declared in a video unearthed by the Labour Party. In 2009, he recorded a clip while serving as a backbench MP in which he declared he didn't support the act. Specifically, he said, he did not "believe in economic and social rights”, a claim he backed up with a passage from his book "The Assault on Liberty: What Went Wrong". He said in the publication that the "spread of rights" has "become contagious" and complained it allows "vast new categories of claims" to be "judicially enforced against the government through the courts".