Experts on the Endurance22 expedition have finally located the wreck of the lost ice ship in Antarctica's Weddell Sea. The vessel was sunk in pack ice in 1915 during Sir Ernest's failed attempt to reach the frozen continent. Stunning photos and video show the moment the ship was found in near-perfect condition. History Hit presenter Dan Snow, who joined and documented the expedition, expressed his joy over the find on social media. He said: "Endurance has been found. Discovered at 3,000 metres on March 5, 2022. "100 years to the day since Shackleton was buried." Mr Snow, who is a popular television presenter, detailed the extensive search the team had endurerd. He added: "After weeks of searching Endurance was found within the search box conceived by Mensun Bound, only just over four miles south of the location at which its captain Frank Worsley calculated it had sunk. "The entire team aboard Endurance22 are happy and a little exhausted. "A huge success for the Falklands Maritime Heritage Trust, Captain Knowledge Bengu and the crew of Agulhas II, and the expedition organised by John Shears. "It has been the greatest experience of my career." And it was not only Mr Snow who was impressed. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk quickly shared his approval on Twitter, with a simple "nice" response to the news. In footage captured by the Endurance22 team using submersible vehicles, Endurance can be seen in exquisite detail, with coils of rope draped across the deck, the ship’s wheel stood upright and the brass ‘Endurance’ lettering emblazoned upon the stern. Mr Bound, Endurance22’s Director of Exploration, added: “We are overwhelmed by our good fortune in having located and captured images of Endurance. "This is by far the finest wooden shipwreck I have ever seen. "It is upright, well proud of the seabed, intact and in a brilliant state of preservation.” The project to find the lost ship was mounted by the Falklands Maritime Heritage Trust (FMHT), using a South African icebreaker, Agulhas II, and equipped with remotely operated submersibles. The mission's leader, veteran polar geographer Dr John Shears, described the moment cameras landed on the ship's name as "jaw-dropping". He told the BBC: "The discovery of the wreck is an incredible achievement," he added. "We have successfully completed the world's most difficult shipwreck search, battling constantly shifting sea-ice, blizzards, and temperatures dropping down to -18C. We have achieved what many people said was impossible." The team spent more than two weeks investigating various targets before finding the vessel in near-perfect condition. They have since spent three days taking detailed photos of the timbers and surrounding debris fields. The wreck sits in protected waters and therefore must not be disturbed in any way. No physical artefacts have therefore been brought to the surface.