Britons are already struggling to cope with rocketing living costs and now face a concerted tax attack on top. As our new figures show, the total extra bill will be even greater than many people realise. Sunak is facing growing pressure to call off his tax blitz, but so far he has stood firm and said the National Insurance (NI) hike will go ahead from next month. The 1.25 percent NI levy designed to pay for health and social care costs, and will cost tens of millions of workers around £13 billion over the next 12 months alone. There is little sign that Sunak will rethink his plan to freeze income tax threshold for five years, which will steadily extract more tax from ordinary workers. In his Budget last March, Sunak froze income tax thresholds at their current level for five years, until 2025/26. It means the personal allowance will remain stuck at £12,570 in that time, while the higher rate 40 percent tax bracket will be fixed at £50,270. As wages rise, the employed and self-employed will steadily hand more of their earnings to HM Revenue & Customs, in a move the Institute for Fiscal Studies initially reckoned would taxpayers a total of £8 billion a year by 2026. Last week, the IFS upgraded its estimates to an incredible £20.5 billion a year, as high inflation will drive wages far over the frozen thresholds. That’s on top of the estimated £13 billion bill from the NI levy, and spells yet more bad news for 32.5 million taxpayers who now face a “horrible" stealth tax raid, said Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown. “Freezing income tax thresholds in a time of wage inflation will have a far bigger impact than anyone imagined, hitting workers just as hard the National Insurance hike.” READ MORE: £200 to fill up – new shock for motorists as Sunak mulls fuel duty cut It means that 1.95 million more lower paid workers will start paying income tax for the first time, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility. Incredibly, 1.34 million will be dragged into the higher 40 percent tax bracket. This will cost people thousands of pounds they urgently need as the cost of living skyrockets. Coles calculates that a £30,000 earner will see their income tax bill rise by £180 to £3,660 from April 6, while their NI bill will jump £333 to £2,785. That’s £513 of salary straight to HMRC. Someone earning £50,000 will hand over a total £1,100 extra in combined income tax and NI next tax year. Over five years, the total extra tax take will be devastating, with the basic rate taxpayer handing over an extra £1,803 in total income tax and NI. The higher rate taxpayer will fork out a punitive £3,895 more. DON'T MISS:Pensioners to get £1,000 MORE INCOME if they smoke, binge and booze [REVEAL]Couple lives on less than £1 a day to pay off £43,000 debt [INSIGHT]MILLIONS will have to pay 55% ‘horror’ tax rate - Rishi Sunak scandal [WARNING] These figures assume their wages will rise by 3 percent every year – in practice workers could pay even more tax and NI as wage growth currently stands at 3.8 percent. Sunak is under huge pressure to help out an embattled nation on Wednesday by scrapping the NI hike or cutting fuel duty, but he’s unlikely to scrap his income tax freeze, Jason Hollands, managing director of Bestinvest, said. This wasn’t the only tax threshold Sunak froze last March, he also froze inheritance tax, capital gains tax and pension lifetime allowance until 2026. Worryingly, tax freezes have a habit of lasting longer than expected. The inheritance tax threshold was originally frozen at today's £325,000 way back in 2009. By 2026, it will have been held at that level for an incredible 16 years, while property prices and share values have soared. While Sunak would be unlikely to freeze income tax thresholds for quite that long, these days nothing can be ruled out.