The 30-year-old woman found out she had Thyroid Cancer in 2019 yet still hasn’t received a penny from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). She says she just wants to focus on getting better and wishes she didn't have to fight for financial help. Up until 2019, Laura Burwell from Somerset juggled working as a nursery manager with bringing up her own young son. Then her illness changed everything leaving her unable to work and relying on 11 tablets a day. If that wasn’t enough, for the last three years she’s been fighting with the DWP to get the financial support she needs to make ends meet. Ms Burwell said: “Cancer has turned my life upside down and impacted everything, my breathing, my talking, my physical abilities and has left me unable to work.” READ MORE: PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands  To add insult to injury, she says the DWP has told her there’s no evidence to support her claims for PIP. She said: “The process of getting PIP has been relentless. “Despite the life changing side effects of my cancer, the DWP told me that there was no evidence that I had any issues that would impact me day to day. “Fast forward three years and two more tumours and I’m still fighting to get the support I’m entitled to.” DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] All Ms Burwell wants to focus on is celebrating being alive, yet the PIP process has cast a shadow over what is already an extremely difficult time. She explained: “It’s hard to get better whilst trying to prove how sick you are to the authorities. “It has stopped me being able to celebrate being alive after all the gruelling treatment and surgeries I’ve gone through. “Add in the cost of living rises and it is terrifying.” Unfortunately, Macmillan Cancer Support deals with cases like this every day and says people are waiting five months on average for a decision. Eve Byrne, Director of Advocacy at Macmillan Cancer Support, said: “It is unacceptable that people are waiting an average of five months to receive their Personal Independence Payment. “This is adding even more weight to the shoulders of many people with cancer, who are already up against the devastating financial pressures of both a diagnosis and the rising cost of living. “The continued delays are causing huge anxiety for people living with cancer, with some telling us that they simply ‘can't afford to live’.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She continued: “With this crisis only set to get worse, there has never been a more critical time for the UK Government to provide financial support quickly for people with cancer. "The Department for Work and Pensions must urgently produce a plan and timeline for reducing the waiting times to ensure people living with cancer get the support they are entitled to, when they need it most.” A spokesperson for the DWP said it was unable to comment on a specific case without being given more detail. Britons can approach Citizens Advice or Age UK for help with their PIP claim.