Chelsea are reportedly staring down the barrel of a catastrophe as frozen bank accounts have effectively left them financially paralysed. The club's owner, Roman Abramovich, was hit with UK government sanctions on Thursday as the crackdown on Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues. Abramovich's alleged ties with Russian President Vladimir Putin are now firmly under examination.Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel was forced to answer tough questions during the team's trip to face Norwich City on Thursday night. And while the club are presumably scrambling behind the scenes to find a resolution to their perilous situation, the players managed to pull off a 3-1 win at Carrow Road. Goals from Trevoh Chalobah, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz secured the three points, although the future of Chelsea's star-studded squad remains broadly up in the air. That comes after the UK government froze Abramovich's assets, including Chelsea, which means that he will not be able to make any money from selling the club. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan after 'agent talks' - EXCLUSIVE  And while the Blues have effectively been cut off from their owners' money, they were granted a special license from the government which would allow them to fulfil their fixtures and pay staff. The current circumstances have, however, restricted them from selling more tickets, selling club merchandise and offering new contracts to players.  The Russian billionaire was already looking to offload after Western leaders pledged to mount a stern response to Putin's widely-condemned invasion. Days after Abramovich's announcement, which promised to call time on the end of a hugely successful era at Stamford Bridge, the future of the club has been plunged into yet more uncertainty. READ MORE: 4 forgotten Chelsea stars who may return after Abramovich sanctions And while the impact threatens to extend into Chelsea's long-term plans, their short-term operations are also set to take a massive hit. The Times claim that the club's bank accounts have been frozen, leaving them in a state of financial paralysis. Despite the license granted by the UK government which was intended to facilitate the day-to-day running of the club, banks have supposedly frozen many of Chelsea's accounts in light of the  associated risk. One Stamford Bridge source said: "They’ve frozen some of the corporate credit cards. It’s put a lot more pressure on the club. "It’s making it even more difficult to run our day-to-day operations."  Chelsea are supposedly locked into talks with the UK government for a second consecutive day as both sides attempt to resolve the situation. Another financial hit was delivered on Thursday when Three, the club's shirt sponsor, suspended their partnership with a statement pledging support for Ukraine. Although bad news continues to pour in, some Blues fans were heard chanting Abramovich's name at Carrow Road this week, and Tuchel dismissed claims that he could walk away from his managerial post. Three American buyers are reportedly leading the way to provide Chelsea with a lifeline by taking over, but such a development seemingly depends on whether Abramovich would be willing to end his 19-year stint as owner without pocketing a penny. 