Matthew Scholes popped into his local store in Thornaby, North Yorkshire, to find he was being followed around by a worker brandishing a clipboard. It all got too much when he entered the beers, wines and spirits aisle only to be told by the female worker: “We’ve seen you in here before, I want you to leave the store right now.” Shocked, Mr Scholes told her that he had done nothing wrong. However, the insistent Asda employee kept repeating herself, forcing Mr Scholes to dump his basket and leave the store. Angry at the incident, he wrote to the company demanding an explanation - only to be even more confused at the reply he received. An email received from Asda Executive Relations read: “I have spoken to the store leadership team who have informed me they do not like the way you shop. “I appreciate this may not be the response you were looking for and I am sorry for any disappointment this may cause.”  The company states store colleagues can ask any member of the public to leave the store if they suspect them of “suspicious shopping behaviour.” Mr Scholes, who works at the Victoria House Care Home said: "I feel discriminated against and humiliated. “I picked up a bottle of Ouzo and, at that point with a bottle in my hand, the woman said 'can I have a word? I want you to leave the shop right now. "I said 'what's going on I haven't done anything wrong? I haven't stolen anything'. “She was repeating herself over and over again like a parrot. The only other thing she said was 'we have seen you in here before. “I was just so stunned. After the fifth time, she said to leave the store I had no choice but to put my basket down and leave the store. "The email said they have had a word with the team and they don't like the way I shop and that's it! It's ridiculous, there's no explanation. “I have not done anything differently; I have just shopped the way I have always shopped."  READ MORE:Asda makes huge changes to 250 stores Mr Scholes said he has been employed in the care industry for more than 30 years and has worked through the coronavirus pandemic. He said the incident occurred while he was visiting the supermarket on Allensway on Saturday, March 5. Mr Scholes said he was placing food and drink items, such as cheese and energy drinks, into his basket before he was approached. He said he has been racking his brains all week to try and understand what the company meant by their response.  DON'T MISS:UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles [REPORT]Doomsday plane flies over English Channel [REVEAL]EU state set to brand letter Z as Nazi symbol [INSIGHT] Mr Scholes said: "My coat was open and I had a baseball cap on. I wasn't acting suspicious, it just makes no sense. I'm baffled. “If they have seen something in my manner and the way I do my shopping, I was completely oblivious to it. "I made a point of saying 'I'm a key worker during the pandemic'. “I thought that may show my character but obviously it didn't do any good."  Under UK law, shoppers entering any private premises are doing so on an invitation-only basis, hence allowing store owners, proprietors and staff to remove someone at will. Furthermore, should the person refuse to leave, reasonable force can also be used. However, in such cases, rarely does such behaviour warrant execution, and the damage of the store, shop or company can be tarnished. Asda has been contacted by Express.co.uk for further comment. Additional reporting by Kristy Dawson 