Gary Lineker has rushed to his son’s defence after he got into a Twitter war with controversial actor Laurence Fox. Gary’s son George took aim at Laurence’s political party, The Reclaim Party, sparking a bitter row. George, 30, responded to a tweet from The Reclaim Party, which read: “When @BorisJohnson @GaryLineker and @YvetteCooperMP take in a refugee, the rest of us can follow. “@MartinDaubney exposes the duplicity of human rights lawyers suppressing the human rights of UK citizens. Ukraine #HumanRights”. They attached a video, in which Martin Daubney criticised calls to waive the paperwork for Ukrainian refugees. To this, George replied: “Get your facts right fella”. Laurence, 44, then quote-tweeted this, adding: “His facts are right “fella”. “Just because you, like me, grew up with all the privilege in the world, doesn’t mean you have the privilege to lecture hard working people on how to virtue signal. “Leave that to your dad. He has a profile, at least. Jog on.” Footballer-turned-pundit Gary, 61, then rushed to his son’s defence.  “You should have done the same, and left it to your dad,” he quipped. Laurence’s father is actor James Fox, who starred in films including King Rat, The Servant, Thoroughly Modern Millie and Performance. He later shared a screenshot that showed Gary had blocked him. Last month, Laurence said he was treating his coronavirus infection with the horse-dewormer Ivermectin, leading to a swift response from the World Health Organisation (WHO). READ MORE... Phil Collins, 71, sits during Genesis gig amid 'frail' appearance  [NEWS]Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST]Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [NEWS] The leader of the Reclaim Party tweeted: "Not only do you only have to sign a form saying you feel well to get into Mexico, but you can also buy drugs like Ivermectin over the counter that the vaccinaholics don’t want you to get hold of here. “I’m so happy to be joining the natural immunity club. Going to have a nap." The WHO gave a Twitter response on the use of Ivermectin, a medicine is usually used as a deworming drug for horses, and it is not an approved treatment for coronavirus. The organisation advised that Ivermectin should only be used to treat COVID-19 within clinical trials until more data is available.  NHS palliative care doctor Rachel Clarke tweeted: "I wish Laurence Fox a very speedy recovery. "But it’s important to stress there is no clear evidence that Ivermectin, a horse de-wormer, reduces the risks of catching Covid, or its severity. "We do have excellent evidence-based Covid treatments, though."