Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs, 52, has said that "it's all love" between Will Smith and Chris Rock following their on-stage feud last night. The star said that the duo have agreed to let bygones be bygones. Chris made a joke about Jada’s hair at The Oscars last night following the actress' decision to shave it due to Alopecia. Will then took to the stage to slap Chris, leaving the audience stunned. Diddy confirmed at the post-Oscars Vanity Fair party last night that the pair had decided to look past their disagreement. He told Page Six that the whole debacle was no longer a problem and was “over". READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win “That’s not a problem. That’s over. I can confirm that.” “It’s all love,” he said, adding “they’re brothers". During Will’s acceptance speech for the Best Actor award for his role in King Richard, he apologised to everyone except Chris. “I want to apologize to the Academy. “I want to apologize to all of my fellow nominees. “This is a beautiful moment, and I’m not crying for winning an award,” Smith said. “It’s not about winning an award for me; it’s about being able to shine a light on all of the people.” Will attended the Vanity Fair party with his family, unfazed by the drama from the previous night. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] The Fresh Prince star could be seen dancing and rapping along to his '90s hits such as Summertime and Miami. Jada could be seen with Will and their children Jaden, 23 and Willow, 21, and son Trey, 29, from his previous marriage. DJ D-Nice shouted over the crowded party in support of Will. He said: “Congratulations to Will Smith!” Many attendees of the event told Page Six that they thought the slap was a stunt. They only realised it was real when Will spoke up after sitting down. He shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f**king mouth!” Jada has opened up about her struggle with Alopecia, which is a condition characterised by rapid hair loss.