Lotto has made millionaires out of thousands of Brits with its twice-weekly draw. Draws for the game take place every Wednesday and Saturday evening. If no one wins tonight's £2 million lottery jackpot, it will roll over again to Saturday night’s draw. Tickets for the Lotto can be purchased anytime from 6am to 11pm every day of the week, including draw days until 7.30pm. When playing you will need to select six numbers from one to 59. Or you can leave it to chance and opt for a Lucky Dip, which will draw your numbers randomly.   You can buy your tickets in-store at newsagents, supermarkets and petrol stations, or you can play online and via the National Lottery app. There’s no limit on entering both weekly draws, but you can only purchase a limited number of slips for each game. You must be 18 or over to enter any National Lottery game. All that is left to do is wait for the draw to find out if you’re the next lucky Lotto winner. The winning numbers for tonight's Lotto draw are: 43, 48, 49, 52, 55, 58. The Bonus Ball is 32.  DON'T MISSRyanair issues major policy change as mask wearing dropped [INSIGHT]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [REPORT]When is Mother's Day 2022? UK date revealed [INSIGHT] Even if you don’t bag the jackpot, you can still win big with the nation’s favourite game: Six main numbers - Jackpot (Estimated to be £2 million tonight)Five main numbers plus the bonus ball - £1 millionFive main numbers - £1,750Four main numbers - £140Three main numbers - £30Two main numbers - Free Lucky Dip Those who buy a ticket online or via the app will receive an email if they have won a prize. The National Lottery gives people a window of 180 days to come forward and claim their prize, starting the day after the draw. Those who receive smaller prizes will get the money straight into their bank account. But if you win big, you must use a National Lottery terminal to accept amounts between £500 and £50,000. Anyone who wins over £30,000 must call the claim line for a cheque, and prizes of £50,000 or more require an in-person visit from the National Lottery.