Kettles can quickly become plagued with limescale deposits when left uncleaned, leaving unpleasant debris floating around your freshly boiled water. Not only will a dirty kettle make your hot drinks taste odd, but it could also reduce the lifespan of your appliance. Luckily, limescale is easily removed with a few simple ingredients - and you probably already have them in your cupboard. This is how to descale your kettle in five easy steps. The three common culprits - white vinegar, baking soda and fresh lemon, are all excellent for descaling your kettle. Perhaps the most natural of the three ingredients, fresh lemon juice can be very effective at dissolving chalky mineral deposits. All you need to do is boil water and lemon juice together to flush out the lingering limescale lurking at the bottom of your kettle. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how Squeeze out the juice of one large lemon, using a lemon juicer to separate the pips. Pour the juice into an empty kettle and fill with 500ml of filtered water. Leave the citrus mixture to sit for at least one hour before bringing it to the boil. Boil the kettle as normal and pour away once it is done. Rinse well with some more filtered water to flush out any stubborn scales. One of the best things about using lemon juice is that it won’t leave an unpleasant taste or smell in your shiny, clean kettle. Whether you’re a fan of coke or lemonade, these sweet drinks can be used as a kettle de-scaler as well as a refreshing treat. These iconic carbonated drinks have a high acidity with a pH of 2.8, making them equally as effective as both lemon juice and white vinegar. Fill an empty kettle with undiluted lemonade or coke and bring it to the boil. Leave the liquid to cool for around 45 minutes before emptying and rinsing the appliance. Flush the kettle with fresh water a couple of times before enjoying a scale-free cup of tea. DON'T MISS:How to stop mould building up in your washing machine drawer [HOW TO]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share baking soda tip for getting odour out of carpets [REVEAL] Make use of the acid content in white vinegar to flush out limescale deposits from your kettle. Fill your empty kettle with distilled white vinegar and filtered water, until it reaches three-quarters of its full capacity. Boil the diluted vinegar solution and leave it to cool for around 30 minutes. Empty the kettle and rinse a few times with water before using it again. You might need to repeat the rinsing process again to fully eliminate any lingering flavours from the strong vinegar. This powerful white powder can be combined with water to form a fast-acting paste. Mix two tablespoons of baking soda with one teaspoon of water to form a thick paste. Add more water as required until the consistency loosens up. Use a clean toothbrush to apply the paste to stubborn deposits inside the kettle. Add your lemon juice and water solution to the kettle and boil. Rinse the kettle thoroughly with filtered water to remove any traces of baking soda before making a hot drink. If you have a kettle with a stainless steel exterior, a little olive oil will work wonders to achieve a shiny finish. Pour a few drops of oil into a ramekin and dip a soft cloth into the silky liquid. Buff it into the surface of the kettle until any marks or smears are gone. This trick will work on most appliances, just be careful to wipe away any slipperiness before using the kettle. Plastic kettles can be wiped over with a cloth dipped in warm, soapy water.