Deborah Warner's stunning production of Peter Grimes, however, aided by some magnificent singing and the glorious conducting skills of Mark Elder have made me realise there is far more to Britten than I had ever imagined. The plot, based on an 1810 collection of poems by George Crabbe, centres on a fisherman, Peter Grimes, who does not get on with his local community. They despise his solitary nature and bullying manner, while he dislikes them just as much for their bigoted views and rumour-mongering ways. An open verdict has just been reached concerning the death of Grimes' young assistant, fuelling a general belief that he must have been responsible for it. When another young boy is assigned as Grimes' apprentice, the scene is set for an even greater disaster. The way Deborah Warner develops and enhances the story is a perfect model of what a director should bring to a production. First, there is the title character, who can easily be dismissed as just a grumpy fisherman. In this production, however, the tenor Allan Clayton sings and acts with great power to bring out the complexity of his lonely character and his contempt for the townsfolk. The only locals who even try to interact with him are retired sea captain Bulstrode, sung by bass-baritone Bryn Terfel, fully matching the power of Clayton, and the widowed schoolmistress Ellen Orford, touchingly played and sung by Swedish soprano Maria Bengtsson. Remarkably, however, Clayton's real co-star in this production is the entire chorus, playing the mean-spirited townsfolk. All too often in operas, one sees the chorus as mere extras, just there to fill up the stage in crowd scenes, but in this opera, they play a much more important role. 'The Borough' was the title George Crabbe had given to the poems on which this is based, and the conflict between Grimes and the Borough forms the heart of the story: one obsessive man against the mean-spirited mob. Singing in perfect unison, the chorus were an impressive mob, while also convincingly playing their individual intolerant or irritating roles. Unlike most operas in which the singers get the best tunes, Britten reserves his best music in Peter Grimes for the orchestra, especially in five interludes, played between scenes with the curtain down, which beautifully capture the rhythms and power of the sea. Both in these and throughout the opera, Mark Elder conducted the orchestra with great precision and musicality. I do not think that I have ever been so conscious of the configuration of the orchestra, especially the separation between harp and violins at one end of the orchestra pit and percussion at the other. Just as Allan Clayton and the Chorus held two widely separated viewpoints of their conflict, the orchestra mirrored this, but in their case the result was more harmonious. A faultless performance of a superb production of an opera that I now realise is much better than I had previously thought.