Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay joined Alex Jones and guest presenter Rylan Clark on the iconic The One Show sofa to talk about his new show Future Food Stars. Known for his potty mouth and raging temper in the kitchen, the chef talked about his failed acting attempt in a low budget film with singer Michael Bublé when he let slip just how bad the movie really was.  No stranger to starring on TV, the 55-year-old spoke candidly about his time in the movie Love's Kitchen. Swapping stories of their terrible time in films, the Just Haven't Met You Yet singer and TV chef tried to one-up each other with their tragedy. Talking about his film, Gordon said: "It was just a shocker." Rylan thought he was about to swear and laughingly replied: "I wondered what you were going to say then." Read More: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  Gordon added: "I was s**t."  Realising his blunder, he quickly moved on.  He added: "I was sugar, and sweat and it was just bad, I was badly prepped..."  Fans of the show were quick to jump on social media to pick up on his bad language. Ben Lovegrove was less than impressed and tweeted: "Oh dear. Gordon's on the naughty step now. Alex's face was a picture. #TheOneShow."  Adam Ó Hare echoed Ben: Haha "crap" and "s**t" said before the Watershed? #TheOneShow @BBCTheOneShow  "Alex will be mortified, Ramsay saying s**t on the one show. #theoneshow," @Bananasplits_64 chimed in.   However, the two created an unlikely bond with their chemistry, making it enjoyable viewing for many viewers. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]How to watch Yellowstone for free in the UK [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk faces unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies’[SPOILERS] John Hueston commented: "All the doom and gloom around at the moment @GordonRamsay and @MichaelBuble were great fun guests.  "The chemistry between Alex and Rylan very noticeable too. #TheOneShow." (sic)  Neil Tostevin said: @GordonRamsay and @MichaelBuble was the double act we didn't know we needed!! #bbc #TheOneShow." (sic)  The film in question that caused a stir was Love's Kitchen, and was released in 2011. Earlier in the interview, Alex said that the film was "released the same weekend as Bridesmaids," which may be why it didn't perform so well.  Gordon joked and replied: "It didn't even go to DVD; it went straight to the post office."  His new show, Future Food Stars, is a new BBC show that sees him hunt for a food entrepreneur to invest £150k of his own money, which premieres on March 31.  The One Show continues weeknights at 7pm on BBC One. 