Manchester United and Liverpool might never get the chance to lock horns over Ryan Gravenberch this summer transfer window. Both Premier League clubs are desperate to sign the midfielder but the Ajax ace has his sights set on Bayern Munich. Ajax star Gravenberch is open to a move to Bayern Munich this summer, dealing a huge blow to United and Liverpool. The midfielder is just the latest top player to be reeled off the Ajax conveyor belt, joining fellow event examples such as Frenkie de Jong and Matthijs de Ligt. But he is set to enter the final year of his contract and the Eredivisie champions are looking to find a buyer this summer. That has alerted the likes of United and Liverpool, who are both in the market for a midfielder. At Old Trafford, Ralf Rangnick has already told his bosses that this area of the pitch must be strengthened in the transfer window. The German coach is also fond of bringing in young players and will move into a consultancy role at the end of the season, where he will have influence over signings. And at Liverpool, Jurgen Klopp is yet to find the ideal player to replace Georginio Wijnaldum. The Dutchman left Anfield on a free transfer last summer for Paris Saint-Germain and the Reds were looking for a bargain transfer to fill his boots. Wijnaldum’s countryman Gravenberch could have been the ideal solution but both Premier League titans look set to be snubbed. According to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Bayern Munich appear to be the 19-year-old’s preferred destination. He reported that the Ajax ace is open to a move to the German giants and he is being eyed. In a meeting in Monaco between Bayern chief Oliver Kahn and Gravenberch’s agent Mino Raiola, his transfer was discussed. However, United and Liverpool might have a slim chance still with neither party agreeing on a fee. There are no advanced talks with Ajax at the moment from Bavaria, who are not intending to meet his £25million (€30m) valuation. While there has been no indication that neither club from the Premier League will pay up either, they definitely have the funds necessary to fulfil it.