Ralf Rangnick could be without Cristiano Ronaldo for a second successive game when Tottenham Hotspur visit Old Trafford on Saturday. However, Manchester United's interim manager might take his forward's previous advice to help secure a huge win in the Premier League six-pointer. According to The Athletic, Ronaldo unsurprisingly isn't afraid to speak his mind in the United dressing room. And in February, he told Rangnick that playing two strikers in tandem would be the best way to serve him and the team going forward. Although the German coach didn't start with a natural striker against Manchester City last time out, he returned to his preferred 4-2-2-2 system. He could've potentially made that decision with the monumental clash against Tottenham this weekend in mind. JUST IN: Chelsea break silence on Roman Abramovich as they explain plan Rangnick could be wise to stick with a two-striker system against Antonio Conte's side after United dismantled Spurs away from home earlier in the season. The Red Devils won 3-0 in north London in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's last win as manager and Nuno Espirito Santo's final bow altogether as Spurs boss. Ronaldo started up front alongside Edinson Cavani on a night where the visitors dominated, as both men scored a goal-a-piece before Marcus Rashford added a third. With Cavani back in training, the Uruguayan striker could return to action against Spurs at Old Trafford on Saturday evening. READ MORE: What Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures Ronaldo's availability is most likely the deciding factor in whether Rangnick opts for a two-striker system next time out. Cavani won't be fit enough to play an entire game, and Rashford is enduring a miserable run of form. Despite Ronaldo and Cavani's absence at the Etihad Stadium last weekend, Rangnick snubbed Rashford to start with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba as his most advanced players. There will be little room for poor performance against Spurs, though, with United's top-four hopes hanging in the balance. Defeat against Conte's could leave United as low as seventh by the end of the weekend, four points behind Arsenal with three more games played. It's for that reason it will be considered somewhat of a must-win amongst the dressing room - with the opportunity to make ground up on the Gunners as well as stifling a top-four rival on offer. Ronaldo, if available, could have a crucial say. On and off the pitch. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.