Max Verstappen has been told he made mistakes in his attempts to overtake Charles Leclerc despite winning the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Ralf Schumacher believes the 2021 world champion ‘almost ruined his tyres’ in an attempt to surpass Leclerc. Verstappen and Ferrari driver Leclerc had a thrilling battle, with the Dutchman coming out on top. It was the 24-year-old’s first win and first points of the 2022 season. However, Schumacher suggested Verstappen was lucky to get away with attempting to overlap three times before turn 27. “With Verstappen, what stood out now was that in Jeddah he tried to overtake three times before turn 27, while Leclerc could then always catch him back with DRS on the straight. That is incomprehensible to me,” he told Sky Sports. “I am surprised though. I had the feeling that Verstappen had made a big step last year when it came to overtaking. However, he didn't do so well in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia.   JUST IN: Verstappen showing 'respect' to Leclerc that he didn't to Hamilton “Helmut Marko said that Max had planned this way with his engineer, but I find that strange. In my opinion, he still has something to improve, because he almost ruined his tires in that attack.” Former Formula One driver Karun Chandhok disagreed with that view, though. He believes Verstappen raced sensibly in a style not seen in his 2021 battles with Lewis Hamilton. “We saw a fantastic race in Bahrain but I think last night (Sunday) took it to a new level,” he told Sky Sports.   DON'T MISS...Lewis Hamilton's ability questioned and told he's 'never had to push'Mika Hakkinen raises concerns over Lewis Hamilton's 'very strange' carF1 boss will 'fight' Lewis Hamilton and Co to stop Saudi GP axing “They were both having to be really intelligent by the way they raced, the way they had to place the car and the actual DRS – you know the drag-reduction system that gives you extra straight-line speed was very powerful in Saudi because of the headwind along the coast. "They were both really playing smartly and in the end Verstappen came out on top, so it's 1-1 in terms of wins this season. They're young drivers who have been rivals since go kart days really a decade ago, so it's fantastic to see them now at the top of Formula One fighting for the crown. "They've clearly got a lot of respect for each other, you could tell by the way they went racing; it was clean, they weren't banging wheels, they gave each other racing room and it was really hard, competitive racing but very respectful. “And they both said the fact that they've known each other for so long and know each other's style, they're able to compete like that and are able to compete wheel-to-wheel at 200-plus mph on probably the most dangerous track on the calendar we go to and still give each other the space to be fair."   