It has been a whole year since the murder of 33-year-old Sarah Everard, who was walking home to Brixton Hill from a friend’s house near Clapham Common when she was kidnapped and murdered by police officer Wayne Couzens, who is now serving a life sentence in jail for her murder. But, has anything really changed with regards to women’s safety?  A year ago, the brutal murder of Sarah Everard caused global protests and debate about women’s safety. Sarah trusted a police officer who claimed he was arresting her for having breached Covid guidelines, as many would, and ended up handcuffed and driven to Kent, where it is believed she was raped by Couzens and then murdered. The tragic event shone a light on how unsafe the streets are for women, particularly at night. The identity of Couzens as a police officer - even though he was off duty - further highlighted the lack of trust women have in men and the police force. READ MORE- Officers shared grossly offensive messages with Sarah Everard's killer Shortly after Sarah’s death, 28-year-old school teacher Sabina Nessa was also murdered while walking home. And, these aren’t the only two women who were murdered in London around that time. In a statement today, the Everard Family said: "It is a year since Sarah died and we remember her today, as every day, with all our love. “Our lives have changed forever and we live with the sadness of our loss. Sarah was wonderful and we miss her all the time. “Over the past year, we have been overwhelmed with the kindness shown to us, not just by family and friends, but by the wider public. “We are immensely grateful to everyone for their support, it has meant such a lot to us and has comforted us through this terrible time. Sadly, Sarah is not the only woman to have lost her life recently in violent circumstances and we would like to extend our deepest sympathy to other families who are also grieving." Couzens, who pleaded guilty to kidnapping and rape on June 8, 2021 and murder the following day was sentenced to a whole life order on September 30. Despite this one justice, the Met Police has admitted that it still needs to do more to protect women and girls. An inquiry in Sarah’s murder was announced by Priti Patel in January this year and the findings will reveal which policing issues need to be addressed and how the police can better protect women. Met Commander Catherine Roper said: "We've listened to the changes we need to do to help women and girls feel safer. We are identifying every opportunity to improve professional standards. "We know there is nothing we can do to change the tragic loss of Sarah. We are very sorry... In no way have we made everybody feel safe and that's what we're here to do. We know we've got more work to do." DON'T MISS...BBC's Victoria Derbyshire erupts at unbelievable Russian claims [INFORMER]Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [EXPLAINER] Mayor of London Sadiq Khan has also paid tribute to Ms Everard and said that his thoughts were with her family, friends and all those who knew her. "Today we remember the young woman that Sarah was, and the life that she lived," he said. "She was a vibrant, talented, intelligent young woman, who was loved deeply by her family and friends." He added that her murder had "left the nation in shock, and sparked a national outcry about the way our society treats women and girls". "I am clear, we cannot simply respond to male violence against women and girls - we must prevent it," he said.  At least 125 women have been killed in the UK since Sarah Everard was kidnapped and murdered, the latest figures show. Hundreds of people have spoken out on social media at how little has changed since the horrific murder. Columnist Dawn Neesom tweeted: “Remembering Sarah today & every day. And thinking of all the other women & girls who have lost their lives, suffered & are still suffering abuse, sex crime & rape.” Antonia Bance tweeted: "One year on, remembering Sarah Everard and all those women killed by men. Until every woman is safe.” Harriet Marsden added: "A year on from the murder of Sarah Everard and a grand total of nothing has improved for women. Even now, there has been no apology for what the Met did at the vigil. Here’s what I wrote at the time about why we’re so tired of battling for better” GB New’s Ellie Costello said this morning: “Even in the 21st century, women cannot leave one destination and be guaranteed to arrive at their next destination.”   The latest figures on sexual assault and trust for the police say it all. Rape convictions in England and Wales are currently at an all-time low according to January's Home Office data. Out of 63,136 reported rape offences in the year to September 2021, only 1.3 percent were prosecuted. Despite protests for women's safety and rights, the ONS say reports of sexual offences actually rose by 25.1 percent in London last year. Meanwhile, domestic abuse crimes rose by six percent last year but the proportion of cases that resulted in charges dropped to 70 percent. It was hard to escape the news that three more Met officers were charged in February over misogynistic messages with Sarah's killer Mr Couzens. To top it off, sexual assault allegations specifically against Met officers have also doubled in the last year. So, it isn't surprising that only a fraction of women (29 percent, according to a YouGov poll from November) can still say they trust the police. Patsy Stevenson, who was arrested at the Sarah Everard vigil last year, says "nothing has changed at all" in regard to women's safety. The activist appeared on told ITV host Lorraine Kelly this morning: "That's the thing - it's sparked such interest around the world and still nothing's happened. So it's like what has to happen for actual change." When asked by the presenter if she felt that the UK is "in any way closer to see women feeling safer on the streets now the issue has been highlighted," Ms Stevenson admitted: "I just don't think we are. "I think we can look back in history, and there are so many points when we're like oh yeah women's safety matters and women's rights matter and still nothing happened. "It's usually activists on the front line who are pushing for legislation to be put in place, or not put in place. I just don't know what more needs to happen before we can actually make a change rather than say what we're going to do."  People are also calling for dating apps to tighten up their identification process to keep women safe when meeting up with their dates, especially since Mr Couzens is known to have had a fake profile on Match.com at the time. Elaine Parker, CEO & Founder at Safer Date Ltd, the only dating app which carries out thorough identity checks and global criminal background checks on every member, both male and female, before allowing them to join, said: "It's been a year since Sarah Everard's life was tragically taken from her. Her murderer had a fake profile on Match.com, and, even after these tragic events, nothing has been done to change how people are protected on their sites. It's time that dating sites and social platforms hold themselves accountable for their part in this criminal activity." “These crimes are rising exponentially and it's no surprise that many of these relationships start online, as dating sites give criminals - like Wayne Couzens - the perfect place to find their victims." “The police have to be reactive to these crimes but there are few preventative measures. I believe that mandatory ID and background checks on dating sites would prevent so many of these crimes from happening, and that's exactly what Safer Date does. Safer Date prevents people with a history of crimes including domestic abuse from being able to meet others online.”