Lawn care is the number one job gardeners always have on their lists, after all the grass does tend to be the main focal point in most gardens. Now, as the weather tends to be dryer, warmer, there are more daylight hours to get the garden jobs done. Although it might be a bit too early to start some tasks, gardeners can get cracking on a few problem areas that may have developed over winter - like moss growth - as a foundation for a summer lawn care routine. Lawn experts explain why early spring is such an important time for lawns and the main steps to keeping it healthy. Larry Yeates, a landscape gardener turned hobbyist blogger and the founder of Lawnmower Larry explained that certain gardening jobs need be carried out now in order to have a thriving garden. He said: “Early spring is the perfect time to put your gloves on and get out in the garden. “If done right, a little sweat equity can go a long way, maximising your garden's chance to really thrive during the growing season.” Here are the most important jobs to do when preparing a lawn for spring. Cleaning the garden of debris is “one of the more tedious lawn-preparation steps”, according to Jeremy Yamaguchi, the CEO of Lawn Love. READ MORE: Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass Yet this task is essential before gardeners attempt any of the other spring lawn care steps. Jeremy explained the most gardens are likely to be full of fallen pine needles, leaves, pine cones, twigs and more. He said: “While clearing all of this out may not be that difficult, it can be incredibly time-consuming, especially if you have a large yard. So, start early and do small-medium amounts at a time. “This makes it much more manageable and is better for your back (and your sanity!).” Larry agreed as he noted that clearing garden waste is the “key ingredient” to trigger “spring growth”. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [TIPS]Product to use regularly in the toilet to 'prevent build up' of stains [INSIGHT]‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture [EXPERT] He said: “Getting rid of all the unsightly winter waste will bring much-needed light and warmth to your lawn, the key ingredient to trigger spring growth.” In other words, clearing out lawns for spring is about more than just aesthetics but is actually important for lawn health. Larry continued: “As a bare minimum, rake away any leaves and debris and consider composting it so you can recycle the nutrients. “Removing weeds and fungus is also a key step to making your lawn look beautiful again, ensuring the soil's nutrients are reserved only for your soon-to-be gorgeous green grass rather than any uninvited invaders.” Ideally, aerating should be done in winter, but for those who haven't done it yet now is the time. Larry said: “Do it now! After winter, your soil is likely to be highly compacted, a result of the rainfall and snow, the weight of debris on the surface, and the low levels of root growth during the cold months.” Skip aerating and gardeners risk drainage issues, water pooling “in any small troughs in an uneven lawn, drowning these areas while leaving the higher ground with very little moisture”, which will lead to weak grassroots, according to the expert. Aerating the lawn is very easy to do using aeration shoes, a lawn corer, or a good old pitchfork. For the best results, you should be looking to penetrate at least three inches deep and no more than three inches apart. Dead patches are inevitable, especially after an overly dry summer and/or unusually wet winter. Depending on what the year has had in store for lawns, gardeners may see patches that look “brown and lackluster or have turned into a muddy mess where grass once grew”, according to Larry. He said: “Even the rest of the lawn might be looking a little thin and not the vibrant emerald green you long for.” However, gardeners can easily bring these patches back to life using two options. Either cut the dead patch back to bare soil and roll on new turf, or remove the dead grass, rake back to expose and loosen the soil and plant new grass seed. Larry explained: “Either way you should be looking to match your existing lawn species. “Proper establishment also requires that you ensure turf/seed-to-soil contact and water the new arrivals immediately. “Application of a quality, phosphorous-rich fertiliser to promote root growth is highly recommended.”