Nate (played by Jurell Carter) suffered the consequences of cheating on his partner, Tracy Metcalfe (Amy Walsh), earlier this year on Emmerdale as the couple broke up. Just when he thought he was going to get back together with his other half, she announced she and his daughter Frankie were moving to Nottingham as the mother of one had accepted a new job. Although he agreed to this, the heartthrob will begin to dwell on his decision in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap as he tries to distract himself from his heartache. The drama continues on the weeknight serial drama as Nate watches old videos of himself and his daughter playing together. This only makes him miss Frankie more and he is later seen devastated as he realises he is missing out on seeing the toddler grow up. Knowing he needs to take his mind off the child he is missing, the villager turns to his friend Ryan Stocks (James Moore) for help. He tries to get Charity Dingle's (Emma Atkins) son to join him in a pub session where he would very likely drink his pain away. However, looking past the official soap spoilers, it could be in the coming weeks, using alcohol as a distraction could become an addiction. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Paddy Kirk's unimaginable loss as Bear Wolf 'dies' In the past, the Dingles have been known for having more than a few drinks whenever they experience trauma or heartache. As the son of Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), Nate could be predisposed to turning to the bottle when times get tough for them. Unfortunately, as Nate has kept himself distant from his family in recent weeks, they might not notice his drinking sessions are becoming more frequent. The heartthrob might not even realise he has a drinking problem but as the weeks pass and he misses his daughter more, he could become reliant on alcohol. There have been several alcoholics in the past, with Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) being one of the villagers still living in the Dales battling her demons on a daily basis. As she notices the signs of alcoholism, she could confront Nate about how much he is drinking and this is when the heartthrob could sit up and listen. Divulging how much he is missing his daughter, he could explain he has turned to drink as a way to distract himself. However, Laurel could tell him he has become addicted to alcohol and he is going to struggle to live a day-to-day life without it. The villager could offer her neighbour some advice on where to seek help for his addiction as she wants him to get on the road to recovery before Frankie returns. But with her comeback to the village being a few months off yet, he could ignore the advice he is being given and continue to turn to the bottle. DON'T MISS...Steve Halliwell health: Emmerdale star, 76, on heart surgery [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Jeff Hordley's wife on 'weight of what's going on at home' [COMMENT]Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [COMMENT] When Tracy does return, will she notice there is something different about Nate or will he manage to hide his addiction from her so he can see his daughter? The actor who plays Nate, Jurell, has spoken out in the past about how he prepared for the birthing scenes of his character's daughter Frankie. Jurell said: "I wouldn't say I'm the same as Nate in terms of being so squeamish about any kind of pus and blood, but I am a bit hesitant when it comes to things like that. "I had a conversation with Jeff Hordley [Cain Dignle], and I said to him, 'How is it?' "And he went into detail about it. I've seen 'One Born Every Minute' and there are certain images on that I've seen." "I think I would potentially struggle. I don't know if I would flap as much as Nate, but I think it would be similar," Jurell continued "But who knows? It does scare me a little bit because there seems to be a lot going on down there." A new storyline for Nate would help to bring his character back into the thick of the action after Tracy's exit earlier this year. The heartthrob's arrival in the village was very dramatic, as he was on a mission to cause some pain for his long-lost father Cain, who had no idea who he was. This led to an affair with Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) which ended with Cain almost killing his child. Following the discovery he was Cain's son, he soon found himself in a romance with Tracy and she quickly became pregnant. Although he wasn't expecting to be a father himself, he was fully prepared to raise his daughter when she was born. Taking to Twitter, viewers have been commenting on Nate's absence from current storylines, with Millie writing: "Where is Nate #Emmerdale?" "Random question? But where is Nate in #Emmerdale? He’s been MIA since January - he literally could’ve just gone with Tracy and Frankie no cheating required," Le Le stated. SistahSkinglo posted: "Just clocked we have not seen Nate in #emmerdale for a while and I did not miss him, long may it continue." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.