Western leaders have imposed a host of sanctions of Russia as Putin continues his invasion of Ukraine. US President Joe Biden has been at the forefront of these sanctions, including banning the imports of Russian oil to American markets in what he called "another powerful blow to Putin's war machine". But body language expert Darren Staton claims only Putin and Donald Trump had a "mutual respect" for one another. Last month the former US President hailed Putin's invasion as "genius" and "very savvy" and more recently admitted that the two leaders got on "well". He went on to criticise Biden's response to the crisis saying "nobody was tougher on Russian than me". Mr Stanton, who has been dubbed the 'Human Lie Detector" said that Putin and Trump often matched and mirrored one another during their public meetings. He said: "When President Putin and Trump were together and they demonstrated on an unconscious level that they had grown great respect for each other as individuals they may have been poles apart politically but as two major leaders they had respect for each other. "One of President Putin‘s main gestures which is a power gesture is when he is sitting down he spreads his legs apart, which President Trump used to do a lot as well. "The psychology of spreading our bodies out to occupy more space is often seen with major politicians celebrities, royalty where someone is standing on a red carpet or catwalk free sample they tend to put their hands on their hips and spread out their elbows this is psychologically saying I am more important than you. "So when we used to see Trump and Putin spread their legs it is a power gesture between the two men to appear stronger on camera." Trump met with his Russian counterpart on five different occasions during his Presidency. READ MORE: Joe Biden to call for ‘end of normal trade with Russia’ as Putin’s eco Mr Stanton claims Trump had a "bizarre handshake" used to show power over other world leaders, but the one person he never did this to was President Putin. He said: "He would grip the hands of the other politician which we call a bonecrusher handshake which again is to say I am more powerful than you. "President Trump then used to pull the politician towards him in this joke in motion this was to test the pliability of the politician because if the politician allowed himself or herself to be pulled towards Mr Trump then psychologically they were going to be more open to influence and suggestion than say someone who resisted being pulled towards President Trump. "The one person President Trump never did this gesture on President Putin instead adopting a normal handshake again because the two men had respect for each other."   On Friday Uk Foreign Secretary Liz Truss hit Russia with further sanctions as 386 members of the Russian Duma, the lower house of Russian parliament were punished for their support of the war. The members had their British assets made inaccessible and will not be able to travel to the country following a new wave of sanctions. These members are those who voted for the independence of Luhansk and Donetsk regions - a move which was widely received as a pretext for Russia's invasion. Ms Truss said the members are being targeted for their support of the "barbaric" invasion.