Adding value to a property is an investment that can ensure a home sells for more than its original purchase price. The number of people making home improvements soared last year, with 20 percent of people looking to increase the value of their home. With that in mind, experts at Genesis Collection, window and door specialists, have revealed some of the most on-trend home improvements for 2022, along with just how much value these can actually add to a home. For those who have off-road parking and depending on where you live, converting a garage can significantly increase a home's value. The property experts explained that, if done well, a garage conversion can add up to a whopping 20 percent to the value of a home. They said: “Converting your garage is a great way to add an extra room to your property, with options to create home gyms, games rooms or living spaces. “These types of conversions have become particularly popular of late, due to the shift in ways of living in a post-covid world. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home “Plus, with over 14,800 searches a month, there are plenty of people looking to make use of this often underutilised space.” Garage can cost on average £13,500, but will be worth it in the long run. First impressions count and the front door of your home can say a lot about the rest of the house to first-time viewers. The experts explained how adding new doors can boost property value by 10 percent. DON'T MISS:‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [COMMENT]How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [TIPS]Garden weeds: The ‘best’ way to deal this invasive weeds before spring [EXPERT] They said: “Not only will updating your doors add value, but it is also ideal for freshening up your property and boosting its curb appeal. “There are many popular door styles, ranging from uPVC bifold doors to aluminium French doors. “With average monthly searches for composite doors reaching over 74,000, it’s expected these will become a popular option as people refresh their properties in 2022.” For those who cannot afford to replace the door, make sure it looks new by giving it a power wash or fresh coat of paint. Even a new doorknob, house number or name plaque can help. Just like with new doors, double glazing can add 10 percent to the value of a house. It is a “true investment”, according to property experts. They said: “Installing double glazing can be a true investment for a property, with benefits including better insulation and noise reduction, as well as increased security. “New windows also add a lasting investment to the value of the property and can really help with sale value too.” Conservatories are also a great way to add thousands of pounds to any property. They are expected to be a popular way to increase the value of your home in time for spring. The experts said: “A great way to add more space to your house, a conservatory can be a stress-free alternative to an extension. “Plus, you won’t need planning permission if the conservatory is no more than half the area of land of the original building.”