Death in Paradise fans can look forward to more drama from the island of Saint Marie as season 11 has just finished. The hit BBC series has already been commissioned for a Christmas special and season 12. One of its stars, Don Warrington, has given fans an update on when they can expect the next batch of episodes and when he will be back on set.   Giving Death in Paradise fans an update, Don revealed when he expects the cameras to start rolling on season 12. The actor explained: “We’re still in England, we haven't started yet. I think we start sometime in May. “So, I don't know what we will do when we get out there [to Guadeloupe],” he added. Fans saw Commissioner Selwyn receive some shocking news in the series 11 finale. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles?   Journalist Maggie Harper (played by Orla Brady) arrived on the island and it soon became apparent that she was an old flame of Selwyn’s. As she took the time to reconnect with him, Maggie dropped some bombshell news. She revealed her child that Selwyn thought was from another relationship was actually his daughter. The shocking storyline seems to have set up more drama for either the Christmas special or series 12.    Selwyn's daughter will likely come over to Saint Marie to reconnect with her father. But, will Selwyn be able to form a relationship with his grown-up daughter? Don spoke out about how the news could impact Selwyn in season 12 and beyond, teasing: “He's a new character because every bit of information builds on the person who you think you know. DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly savages Matt Hancock 'Pound shop milk tray man' [WATCH]Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [MUST SEE]Doctor Who actress praises ‘incredibly loyal’ fans [INSIGHT]  "I don't think it's something that will be left. I think some kind of rationale has to be worked out about it," he told Radio Times. "But what that is, I don't know. Don isn't the only star to address his future on Death in Paradise as soon after the season 11 finale aired, Neville Parker star Ralf Little confirmed he'd be back. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: “Thanks to everyone for watching Death in Paradise series 11. "It is a privilege to play Neville and lead this fantastic show, and it gives me great pleasure to confirm I'll be returning to Saint Marie for series 12.”    Unfortunately, fans of the show will have to wait until December for the next episode of Death in Paradise. The show has confirmed it’ll be back for a Christmas Special at the end of 2022 but the official release date for season 12 has not yet been confirmed. However, if the series usually airs in January to inject some sunshine into Winter, many fans will be hoping the show sticks to its scheduling tradition. Death in Paradise series 1 to 11 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.  