AMC’s post-apocalyptic horror series The Walking Dead is nearing its end as it releases weekly episodes from its 11th and final season. Actor Michael Biehn, who starred in the current season as Ian, lifted the lid on why his character’s death made him uncomfortable.  During an episode of the series’ aftershow ‘Talking Dead,’ Biehn opened up about guest-starring on The Walking Dead. The actor portrayed Ian, a rough warlord who was also the leader of a community of survivors, known as Riverbend. Although he only appeared in one episode, Biehn shared that the role was a long time coming for him as he had been a huge fan of the series. He disclosed: “I have been watching The Walking Dead since it premiered. READ MORE: The Last Kingdom stars 'heartbroken' and 'exhausted' as movie wraps “I remember the first year of The Walking Dead, I watched it, and I said to myself, 'I want to be on that show’. “I just thought it was a really, really quality show, and I've always wanted to be a part of it. “For whatever reason, whether it was my schedule or interest, or non-interest, I was never offered a role until this past season, nor did I ever audition for a role. “But it's a show that I've always thought was quality,” he added.  Sadly, Biehn’s portrayal of Ian didn’t last long as the character was killed at the end of the episode. He was killed by Toby Carlson (Jason Butler Harner) who stole his gun, shot him in the shoulder, then killed him after he refused to reveal the location of the Commonwealth's missing guns. When he was quizzed on what it was like filming a scene after Ian's death, Biehn admitted it “was kind of odd”. He explained: “I've played a lot of antagonists so therefore I've died in a lot of shows and a lot of movies, a lot of television stuff that I've done, and I've never had anybody touch me afterwards.”  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus delivers health update after injury [INSIGHT] The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [REACTION] In the scene, Toby lightly smacked Ian on the cheek a few times off-screen before grabbing his face by the chin and pretending to make his mouth speak back at him. Biehn added: “From a character standpoint, I'm dead, so it really didn't make any difference, but from an acting standpoint, it really felt kind of like a violation.” While he understood why Harner did so from an artistic point of view, the actor revealed it made him uncomfortable. After killing Ian, Toby was smug and remarked: “All that talk and you died so quick.”  Biehn continued: “I wasn't crazy about it and I know the reason for doing it was to give you an indication of who the man who was touching me was, but it made me feel uncomfortable. “As an actor, it made me feel uncomfortable and, it probably, therefore, will make the audience feel uncomfortable about the character. So, I guess that was the point of it,” he concluded. Biehn’s appearance as Ian was the most recent episode to land on screens, titled ‘Warlord’. The Walking Dead is available on AMC in the US and is available on STAR on Disney+ in the UK. 