Forecasters are predicting that the glorious spring sunshine will imminently make way for icy-cold temperatures and snow. Maps from WXCharts show temperatures will begin plummeting over the coming week. It will culminate with heavy snow arriving next Friday, March 11. Worst hit is expected to be Scotland, where almost 20in (50cm) could fall, according to the site. Wales is unlikely to emerge unscathed, with around 12in (20cm) set to fall there. Forecasters are also warning that the Midlands and south coast could see significant “flurries” of snow which are “likely” to be over 12in (20cm). Read More: UK snow forecast: Britain to be smashed by brutal 8inch snow bomb Yesterday BBC weather forecaster Chris Fawkes warned that “cold winds will develop as the week goes by”. This is caused by a dominant high to the east that blocks the jet stream causing it to split into a fork of two high pressure and cold air streams and that will make it cold. The dominant high will make it difficult for the jet stream to pass and so the cold weather will last for a while. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “A displacement of the Polar Vortex is starting to show in the direction of Russia which means the cold air will follow. DON'T MISS:UK snow forecast: Heavy snow to hit in mid-March deep freeze as pol... [WEATHER]BBC Weather: Britons brace for persistent rain outbreaks as UK set fo [UK WEATHER]UK snow forecast: Britain braced for 'snow showers' [LATEST] “During the start of the week we expect a southerly airflow which turns south-easterly, bringing colder air out of Italy and the Continent. “Initially this will bring cold, dry, frosty conditions although there is then the potential for some snow over high ground in parts of the country. “Later in the week we look to the Atlantic, and a battle between milder air coming in from the west and cold air in situ over the UK. “This is when we could see more in the way of snow.” And as we move into next week, the Met Office is also warning people of strong winds, frost, freezing temperatures and coastal gales all sweeping in from the west. Their forecast for March 7 – Wednesday, March 16 reads: “As we move through the period there will be an increased likelihood of spells of rain, potentially preceded by snow, arriving from the west. “Winds will likely strengthen through midweek with an increasing likelihood of coastal gales.”