Barcelona have reached an agreement with Raphinha ahead of a potential summer transfer, according to reports. The Catalan titans have started to regain their swagger under Xavi, who replaced Ronald Koeman earlier in the campaign. And the former Spain international is poised to get big backing as the La Liga titans look to dominate domestic and European football once again. Barcelona were frugal back in the summer, losing A-listers such as Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann while barely spending any money. However, with their financial situation starting to improve, they’ve backed Xavi during his short time at the helm so far. Barcelona snapped up Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Ferran Torres in January, as well as bringing in Adama Traore on loan from Wolves. They want more firepower for next season, however, with Xavi eager to steer the club back to the top of the La Liga table as Real Madrid run away with the prize this year. And Sport now say Barcelona have reached an agreement with Raphinha over a potential summer deal, with the Brazilian very much in their sights. It’s claimed they now hope the winger will get Leeds to accept their second offer, having already seen one bid rejected. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Barcelona are now poised to conduct negotiations with Jesse Marsch’s team, with the player’s agent Deco set to be involved. The 25-year-old, for his part, is primed to pen a five-year contract over in Catalonia at the end of the season. He will have an affordable salary, though an amount isn’t specified, with bonuses and add-ons helping it increase over time. Barcelona are said to be pursuing Raphinha at a time when they’ve already got three signings in the bag. It’s claimed they’ve already struck deals to land Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen, with the pair likely to leave Chelsea on free transfers this summer. And AC Milan powerhouse Franck Kessie is another player on their radar, especially with Frenkie de Jong continuing to be linked with a move away. While Liverpool and Bayern Munich are also eyeing Raphinha, the Leeds star is said to prefer a move to Barcelona instead. And he thinks he’ll get a leading role in Xavi’s project, especially with all signs pointing to Ousmane Dembele still leaving. Raphinha is going to do everything he can to prevent Leeds from being relegated to the Championship, the publication says. Deco, for his part, will then work hard to convince the Premier League side into accepting the second offer Barcelona make - amid suggestions Leeds want the player’s release clause met. It’s possible Oscar Mingueza will be included in a potential swap deal but Barcelona are ‘optimistic’ they will close the deal in the coming weeks. Last month, meanwhile, Raphinha insisted he was focused on his football amid uncertainty over his Leeds future. He said: "I’ve got a contract until 2024, my head is totally here and focused on Leeds. “As for contractual matters, I leave them to my agent and my dad. "I just focus on playing my football and making the Leeds fans happy, scoring goals, providing assists and getting victories for the team. "Contractual matters are for my agent, my focus is on making people happy with my football and doing as best as I can for Leeds." Barcelona president Joan Laporta, meanwhile, has insisted he can guarantee at least four signings this winter. “We will complete at least four signings," Laporta told El Periodico. "The idea is to reinforce the attack, midfield and defence.” In a separate interview, Laporta recently stressed Barcelona’s finances would always be vital when it comes to making any future transfer decisions. “I will not talk about specific players but I can tell you that we will not do any deals that puts the club at risk," he explained. "The members can be calm because we are not going to lose our heads over an operation of this magnitude. “Most players want to come to Barcelona, they like the club, the team, our philosophy, our way of working, of interpreting football. “And this is good, we are seeing this in many cases and on a daily basis. “They will have to adapt to Barcelona’s salary levels and to an economic structure of the deal that maintains the sustainability and balance of the club.”