Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic are set to compete in the 2022 BNP Paribas Open Indians Wells - dubbed the ‘fifth Grand Slam’ due to its expensive purse and popularity. The draw for the tournament has been made as the two headline names could potentially meet in the final. Several of the world's Top 10 players are scheduled to participate in California with the event running from March 9-20 2022. This includes Nadal, who is in scintillating form and is seeded fourth at the event. Nadal won the Australian Open to move clear of both Djokovic and great rival Roger Federer with a historic 21st Grand Slam title. The Spaniard could face British hopeful Dan Evans in the third round, while a perhaps more difficult test would await him in the fourth round against either Reilly Opelka or Denis Shapovalov. JUST IN: Alexander Zverev hits back at doubters with defiant message If Nadal advanced further, he would likely face Italian world number 10 Jannik Sinner or Norwegian star Casper Ruud in the quarter-finals. He would then set up a rematch of the epic final at Melbourne Park against Daniil Medvedev in the semi-finals after falling two sets down to the Russian Down Under, but Nadal sensationally fought back to win 2-6 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-4 7-5. Therefore, Djokovic is in the other side of the draw and will have to reach the final to meet Nadal at Indian Wells. With doubts over his participation lingering, Djokovic could face Alexander Bublik or even Andy Murray in the third round, with the winner between Jon Isner and Diego Schwartzman potentially awaiting the Serb in the fourth round. DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic sponsorship in doubt as Venus Williams deal struckEmma Raducanu lands eye-watering tennis deal in £3million agreementDaniil Medvedev wants to fly Russian flag again in telling message In the quarter-finals, Djokovic would likely meet Russian star Andrey Rublev before a semi-final showdown with Alexander Zverev, who defeated the Serb at the Olympics in Tokyo. Matteo Berrettini and Canada’s Felix Auger-Aliassime are also names which could meet Djokovic in the semi-final. Djokovic could yet be barred from competing, with the Indian Wells tournament issuing a statement on Tuesday which read: “Novak Djokovic is on the tournament entry list, and therefore is placed into the draw today. “We are currently in communication with his team; however, it has not been determined if he will participate in the event by getting CDC approval to enter the country.” They also tweeted that further updates will be provided in due course. New world number one Daniil Medvedev is the top seed at Indian Wells and he could face charismatic Frenchman Gael Monfils in the third round. Should the Russian come out on top, a battle with either Carlos Alcaraz or Roberto Bautista Agut awaits.