Pensioners are reckoning with a fall in living standards, and purchasing power plummeting. However, the state pension is also not increasing as much as many originally hoped, with a 3.1 percent rise scheduled for next month. With the cost of living, including energy bills, soaring, pensioners called for the Government to step in to provide additional support. But many found Mr Sunak’s Spring Statement this week wanting when it came to targeted help for the older generation. Compounded with the fact inflation was recorded at 6.2 percent the same day, pensioners have expressed their dismay. Regarding inflation, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) warned: “The rise in inflation to a 40-year high this year is expected to produce the biggest fall in living standards in any single financial year since ONS records began in 1956/57.” READ MORE: ‘Rollercoaster!’ State pensioners set to get £200 per week Express.co.uk readers showed their fury, frustration and despair at recent events. User Lenrman said: “Rishi Sunak pretends he has done a lot for everyone including the most needy, and yet he has done thing for pensioners and people so poor they don’t pay tax. “His ruthless disregard for those people's suffering will be repaid by turfing him and the Government out of office at the next general election. “I personally will never again vote for a Government that has him in it.” DON'T MISSPensioners urged to claim £3,000 support after Sunak’s statement [INSIGHT]Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month [UPDATE]Martin Lewis shares the wage you WON’T pay more tax under NI hike [EXPLAINED] While DavefromDerby stated the impacts of inflation for those reliant on the state pension were “much higher”, adding: “It’s a reduction in living standards.” Analysing inflation, some readers took a historical approach and warned of repeat occurrences to come. Caribidus said: “Beware the rising interest rates, especially if you have a mortgage. “I remember the devastation this caused during the 70s and 80s literally working just to pay the mortgage hike in interest rates and keeping the roof over our head.” Paulpol added: “I can’t imagine what it will be like in April considering my energy bills are increasing more than 50 percent.” CrazyEddie stated: “I’m a pensioner and I can easily get by on £20 per week for food and subsistence. I also have a freedom pass and can travel around for nothing.  “I’ve turned the radiators down a tad, take shorter showers, wear thermals and an extra sweater.  “Many pensioners own their homes, and these have risen on average by £30,000. Investments haven’t done too badly either.  “I frankly cannot imagine how anyone can live in this world for 65 years and have nothing to show for it afterwards but a state pension.”  The DWP has said it “recognises” the cost of living struggle many are facing at the moment.  A DWP spokesperson recently added: “This is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. This includes supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills through our Winter Fuel Payments, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate.  “From April, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and we continue to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.” But some pensioners communicated that riding out the current financial squeeze would not be good enough for them. They intend to take their opinions to the ballot box in the next election. User Daver55 said: “Rishi Sunak, we the pensioners of the UK have long memories come election time.” Jascat remarked: “The next election cannot come quick enough for me. It is the only weapon we old age pensioners have and we will use it.” However, the frustration was not shared with all Express.co.uk readers, with some adopting an entirely different standpoint. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea CrazyEddie stated: “I’m a pensioner and I can easily get by on £20 per week for food and subsistence. I also have a freedom pass and can travel around for nothing. “I’ve turned the radiators down a tad, take shorter showers, wear thermals and an extra sweater. “Many pensioners own their homes, and these have risen on average by £30,000. Investments haven’t done too badly either. “I frankly cannot imagine how anyone can live in this world for 65 years and have nothing to show for it afterwards but a state pension.” The DWP has said it “recognises” the cost of living struggle many are facing at the moment. A DWP spokesperson recently added: “This is why we’re providing support worth £21billion this financial year and next to help. This includes supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills through our Winter Fuel Payments, freezing fuel duties to keep costs down and helping households through our £9.1billion Energy Bills Rebate. “From April, the full yearly amount of the basic state pension will be over £2,300 higher than in 2010 and we continue to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits it can provide, to make a claim.” Express.co.uk has also contacted HM Treasury for comment.