Through this rebate, households in bands A to D will get a £150 discount on their council tax bill. Combined, every Briton in these tax brackets make up 80 percent of all people in the country, according to Government statistics. In light of this support to address the energy bill rise, many taxpayers will be looking to apply for this support. However, there is no need to worry about applications as the rebate will be automatically given to eligible households. On top of this, households do not need to pay back the £150 discount to their local council which will come as a relief to many. Alongside the council tax rebate announcement, the Chancellor Rishi Sunak also launched a similar £200 rebate scheme for energy bills, however this is a loan. The council tax rebate will be paid directly to claimants and will not be deducted from their final bill. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim For example, if someone pays their council tax by direct debit, the rebate will likely be sent straight to their bank account in April 2022. If someone does not pay off their tax bill via this payment method, their local council will get in touch to address how the rebate will be delivered. Outside of the rebate, Pension Credit claimants may be able to get a council tax reduction if they get the guarantee part of the DWP benefit payment. As well as this, the Council Tax Discretionary Relief (CTDR) is available for those who are unable to pay their bill due to exceptional circumstances and claim the council tax reduction. Uswitch stated: “Look out for your £150 council tax rebate in April, and keep the money somewhere safe so you can put it towards your energy bills. “People who pay by direct debit will automatically get this rebate paid directly into their account, so it is worth considering setting up a direct debit to receive the rebate quicker. “Those who pay by other methods will be contacted by their council and invited to make a claim. “If you are in a higher council tax band and not eligible for the rebate, keep an eye out for the discretionary £140million fund being set up to help those who are struggling.” Justina Miltienyte, an energy expert at Uswitch.com, added: “Energy prices are about to go up but this does not mean you are completely powerless. “By taking some simple steps ahead of April 1 and taking control of your energy use and bills, you can make sure that you are best prepared for the incoming increases. “While there is nothing you can do to reduce the actual cost of energy, you can get into good energy saving habits in order to save money around the home and reduce your overall bill. “However, if you are worried about getting into debt, get in touch with your provider as soon as possible, as they can help you find a solution.” A HM Treasury spokesperson said: “We understand that people are concerned about pressures on household budgets which is why the Chancellor announced a £9billion package to protect millions against the impact of rising global energy prices. “This policy package balances the need to be progressive and to act fast – the existence of the council tax system allows a payment to be made quickly in April to those who require support. “This includes a £144million Discretionary Fund that gives Local Authorities flexibility to target additional support to families not receiving the Council Tax Rebate.”