The Labour leader waded into the controversial row as he suggested the Duke of Cambridge's comments on the matter were not enough. Amid demands in Jamaica for reparations to be paid for the slave trade and for an official apology, William denounced slavery as "abhorrent" and "it should never have happened". While expressing "sorrow", he stopped short of an apology. Speaking out about the tour this morning, Sir Keir said the Prince "could have gone further" on the matter. The Labour leader added he believed William "may go further in the future" on speaking out about Britain's past in the region. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge travelled to Belize, the Bahamas and Jamaica for an eight-day tour to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE ON OUR ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG  But the tour was beset by issues including accusations Belize locals were not consulted about a royal engagement and the Jamaica government confirming it intended to become a republic and remove the Queen as head of state. The pair faced accusations of appearing "colonial" after they rode in the back of the same Land Rover that the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh had used during their royal tour 60 years ago. Appearing to side with those criticising the imagery, Sir Keir described the decision as a "bit odd" and that it "harked of the past". "In a sense, what William and Kate were doing - which I applaud - is saying: 'We're looking to the future', but that all harked of the past, so I didn't quite see how that actually fit that well with the aim of their trip," he said during an LBC radio phone in. "William and Kate went on an important trip with important messages, including messages about the changing nature of the Commonwealth going forwards, and that is difficult." Speaking at a reception in the Bahamas, Prince William said he would support the decision of Jamaica and other countries to split from the Royal Family. DON'T MISS:Austrian press mocks William and Kate in stinging attack [REACTION]Kate and Prince William 'set up' as protest derailed Jamaica visit [UPDATE]Prince William's Commonwealth breakdown 'endorsed from top' [INSIGHT]  He said: "Next year, I know you are all looking forward to celebrating 50 years of independence – your golden anniversary. "And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: We support with pride and respect your decisions about your future." He added: "Relationships evolve. Friendship endures." Sir Keir said it was important for the Commonwealth to modernise to strengthen the bonds with the UK.  The Labour leader's comments are unusual, with politicians often choosing to stay out of royal rows. The Prime Minister's official spokesman this morning refused to be drawn on the backlash at the Duke and Duchess's tour. He said: "It's a matter for them how they set up their trips and the Prime Minister makes clear he doesn't comment on royal matters as a matter of course." On the future of the Commonwealth, he added: "The Commonwealth is a voluntary association for independent and equal countries. But I think as you know when a country becomes a republic they don't automatically exit the Commonwealth." 