The French President announced his five-year plans last week in a long televised announcement. But as his election rivals started to unpack Mr Macron's new manifesto, some noticed similarities with programmes already presented by past leaders and candidates. Macron now faces accusations that he's lifted policies directly and has run out of ideas following a presidency marred by populist Gilet Jaunes protests aimed at environmental policies. Right-wing candidate Valerie Pecresse branded the President's manifesto a “project of denial and counterfeiting". Among Mr Macron's proposals was the conditionality of working 15 to 20 hours a week for benefits recipients. This is something that Ms Pecresse had already proposed, causing uproar in France last month. The incumbent president also matched Ms Pecresse's proposal to increase the legal retirement age to 65. Accused of copying former right-wing president Nicolas Sarcozy, Mr Macron also stressed people need to "work more", echoing his predecessor's famous motto "work more to earn more". On inheritance tax, President Macron also almost matched Ms Pecresse's proposal to exempt inheritance from taxation up to €200,000, lowering the figure to €150,000. The move from Mr Macron is believed to be a shift to the right compared to his 2017 manifesto, in a bid to attract more voters at the April election. The French leader was grilled by voters in a call-in radio show on Tuesday, as callers told him to focus more on the needs of his country amid criticism that his last-minute election campaign has been too dominated by the conflict in Ukraine. Mr Macron, who has spared no effort to mediate between Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart, entered the presidential election race just a month before the first round and has kept the number of campaign events to a minimum. READ MORE: Russian troops blighted by frostbite in invasion of Ukraine  A caller who identified herself as Yvonne, a 53-year-old nurse from Provence, told President Macron she felt he spent too much time on the conflict in Ukraine and neglected regular people like her. "I have the impression that our president is not here for us. Ukraine has asked you to come. Beyond the fact I'm not sure that's safe, I want to say we're here, we're a country, we get up every day for work, and I feel I have a president who doesn't know my life," she said on France Bleu radio. Although Mr Macron's diplomatic efforts over the Ukraine crisis have given him a boost in opinion polls and he is projected to win a second term, he has also been criticised by political opponents for refusing to take parts in TV debates with them. Sticking to a communication strategy based on solemn nationwide TV addresses and social media posts, he has given few media interviews and presented his manifesto less than a month before the first round on April 10, leaving little time to discuss his proposals. DON'T MISS:Putin's mouthpiece refuses to rule out direct nuclear strike on Europe [INSIGHT]Putin's 'lover' could hold key to ending war – friends beg mystery [VIDEO]Sturgeon slammed over refusing chance to 'replace Putin' [ANALYSIS] Ukraine's former president Petro Poroshenko said on Sunday Macron should go to Kyiv to show his support. "Our president is very busy, that's clear. We will have no public debate before the elections," the caller said. Others who also called in to the show asked him about the lack of doctors in rural areas or how the elderly are treated in retirement homes. In response Mr Macron defended his record, telling the French nurse he had increased their salaries during the COVID pandemic and was training more medical professionals, which was taking time to be felt on the ground. "I have heard the message. I want to tell you, Yvonne: don't give up. I know it's very hard," he said on France Bleu radio. In the latest IFOP poll, President Macron is seen coming top in the first round with 28 percent of the votes, about 10 points ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen. He is seen defeating her in the second round. Turnout is projected at a record low of 69.5 percent.