In a world where health and fitness has become a key role in many people's lives, it may be daunting to begin a journey to improve your lifestyle. But experts have said people wanting to get fitter don't always need to train too intensely in order reach their goals. All they need to do is follow two simple exercise rules and they're well on the way. "You do not need to train for the marathon to be healthy and improve your health," explained Dr William Roberts, a professor in the department of family medicine and community health at the University of Minnesota. "A combination of five to ten minutes of strength exercise and 30 minutes of walking most days of the week will produce great health benefits across the population." Some may find that actually finding an exercise program you like and can stick with is more difficult. READ MORE: Sheridan Smith weight loss: Behind TV star's impressive 2 stone drop But they might not be aware that simple day-to-day activities can be all part and parcel of staying active. Dr Roberts suggested that doing a mixture of strength training alongside cardio has many benefits for one's health. It comes after a new research study by the British Journal of Sports Medicine concluded that people who take part in 30-60 minutes resistance training per week, lowered their risk of early death from all causes by 10 to 20 percent. DON'T MISS...Fitness: Experts unveil exercise tip to 'extend your life expectancy' [LATEST]Dwayne Johnson abs: Diet plan for weight loss [DIET PLAN]Weight loss: Slimmer ditched 3 foods to combat her menopause [REAL LIFE] "60 minutes [of resistance training] per week sticks out as a doable amount for most people and makes me feel good about the 5 to 15 minutes of strength exercises I do every morning," he said. "The findings are great news for people who are active and greater news for those who are inactive as they can improve their health with a small time investment. "That said, people should start slow and build slowly to avoid the pain of too much activity too soon." He went on to compare the benefit from mixing aerobics with strengthening exercises, suggesting it could be because the two "appear to work together and help each other move toward better outcomes". Dr Roberts continued: "A balanced program of strength and aerobic activity is probably best and probably more closely mimics the activities of our ancestors, which helped determine our current gene sets." For people who had never tried strength training, the thought of picking up a set of weights or learning how to use a squat rack at a gym might be quite overwhelming. But there are many exercises beginners can follow to get used to motions and be on the way to strengthening their bodies. The following four points are a good starting point: Hip-dominant (deadlifts, hinges, and swings) Knee-dominant (squats and lunges) Pushing movements (pushups, dips, and presses) Pulling movements (rows and pull-ups) Experts have found strengthening your muscles not only builds stronger bones and better brain health, but also helps lower the risk of heart disease and diabetes. That, accompanied by aerobic exercises such as walking, running or jogging, swimming and cycling, could play a major part in your journey to a healthier you.