The Queen received Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday for an audience at Windsor Castle. Her Majesty opted for a blue printed dress, while Mr Trudeau donned a grey-blue suit and purple tie. The monarch welcomed Mr Trudeau to Windsor Castle in a brightly lit room with grey, cushioned sofas, a grey fireplace, and a few old-fashioned lamps with cream lampshades. There was a table in the middle of the room set with large blue and yellow flowers. The Queen looked “animated” as she spoke to Mr Trudeau, according to a body language expert. Judi James said: “It would be wonderful to be a fly on the wall during this meeting between the Queen and Trudeau, which is her first since she was taken ill with Covid. READ MORE: Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours “Her animated conversation and the unusual gesture of placing both hands on her chest is intriguing. “People normally use this emphatic self-reference gesture to make it clear to gain attention to a personally made point, but for the Queen a self-point gesture would normally be unnecessary as she is always the centre of attention in any group anyway.” The Queen is pictured shaking Mr Trudeau’s hand as she looks up at him, smiling. She also seemed to be laughing at one point. DON'T MISS:Cleaning: How to remove mould from shower tiles 'without scrubbing' [UPDATE]How to grow the biggest hydrangeas - Pruning, mulching and watering  [TIPS]How to clean green marks off your fence - and keep them off [INSIGHT] Judi continued: “This makes it a rather fun gesture and her raised brows as she uses it also imply she is making some kind of joke, possibly a self-effacing one. “Trudeau is all politely puckered with clasped hands and a head tilt but it is also interesting to see how much the Queen always seems to enjoy his company. “His handshakes are especially affectionate and the one he uses here is one he has used previously with Her Majesty. “Her own shakes tend to be less tactile but Trudeau is known for placing both his hands around hers in a gesture of extended warmth.” The body language expert added: “There’s no sign that the Queen is anything but delighted here and it’s possible royal fans will all echo Trudeau’s expression of something bordering on happy relief to see the Queen so quickly back to her upbeat and cheerful-looking self again, following some worrying few days as she recovered from Covid.” To meet Mr Trudeau, Her Majesty chose to wear a long-sleeved blue, yellow, and white dress, which many have argued was an homage to Ukraine. The east European country is currently being invaded by Russia. The 95-year-old monarch paired the dress with small-heeled black shoes and she donned her signature pearl necklace and matching pearl earrings. The Queen’s dress seemed to be in support of Ukraine as blue and yellow are the colours of the nation’s national flag. Meanwhile, the flowers behind Her Majesty matched her dress. Twitter user @macmiz16 wrote: “Love the yellow and blue flowers. Queen is subtle but firm.” User @saveHOVE said: “Thank you for the yellow and blue Ukraine national colours floral display, front and centre for the cameras!” Royal fan @HenryRoseSings added: “Blue and yellow... brilliant.”