British Vogue announced they would be celebrating the Queen’s 70-year reign by featuring her on the cover of their April issue for the first time. While Her Majesty looks resplendent in the black and white image taken by Lord Anthony Armstrong-Jones, the publication has come under fire for not featuring a more recent image of the Queen. Speaking on This Morning with Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, Vanessa made it clear she felt it was “ageist” to feature the image from 1957 on the cover. Referencing a second cover featuring Anya Taylor-Joy, Phillip asked: “Why do we need two people on the cover?” “I’ll tell you what I really think, if you’re going to do this, if you’re going to feature the Queen on your cover to mark 70 years on the throne, have a picture of her now,” Vanessa replied. “For God’s sake how ageist is it to use an old picture. Why would you do that? READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role “We know what she looks like. We love her, we admire her. She has the absolute respect, the reverence and admiration of most people in this country. “I would have a picture of her now and I would proudly show this is what a woman of her age looks like and we love her and why shouldn’t she look like that? “I actually think it’s pretty pathetic if you want to know what I think. Not that they care what I think at Vogue but if you’re going to celebrate her, celebrate her as she is now.” After announcing the cover, editor Edward Enninful said of his decision: “People are forever asking me what the colour of the season is. “Most of the time, they seem so disappointed when I explain that the answer is almost never definitive. “But for the coming months, I am calling it: the colour of spring/summer 2022 is platinum.” He added: “On 6 February 1952, Her Majesty The Queen became, well, Her Majesty The Queen. “Seventy years on, as we head toward her 96th birthday on 21 April and then into a summer of Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Vogue looks back at its unique relationship with the monarch, charting the course of a reign as record-breaking as it is unique, through a series of familiar and rarely seen images, drawn from our precious, exclusive archive here at Vogue House in London.” DON'T MISS...Queen's stark view of Prince Charles laid bare as he felt 'dread' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think William should have apologised to Jamaica? [POLL]'A hero's welcome' Royal expert slams 'dangerous' Kate and Will uproar [VIDEO] The editor continued: “It is, in the 70th year of her reign, that Vogue offers its own platinum salute with a twin set of covers. “One, naturally, features the monarch in 1957, wearing the Diamond Diadem, originally made for King George IV, while – in playful echo – actor of the moment Anya Taylor-Joy wears a replica for her own fantasy dress-up moment.” He added “the history of the Royal Family and of this magazine have forever been intertwined”. Meghan Markle has worked with Edward to create a special Forces For Change edition of the magazine in 2019 before stepping down as a senior royal. Meanwhile, the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate Middleton, was put on the cover of the June 2016 issue to celebrate 100 years of the magazine She was shot in the surrounding areas of Norfolk where she has spent plenty of time with husband Prince William and their children. The April 2022 issue of British Vogue is on newsstands on Tuesday 29 March. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.