 Chocolatier and pâtissier Paul A. Young was welcomed onto Saturday Kitchen this weekend to show off his culinary skills. The chef guided viewers through a chocolate truffle cooking demonstration, but soon ended up jokingly snapping at Matt Tebbutt. Paul blasted the presenter after he questioned his cooking.    Matt introduced Paul onto the show by giving him high praise and describing the chef as a “chocolate wizard”. Paul explained he’d be showing viewers how to make a chocolatey treat in time for Mother’s Day. He said: “I wanted to do a recipe where everybody has the ingredients at home. Tea bags, some chocolate and some biscuits.” Beginning the demonstration, Paul assured fans at home it was a very easy recipe to follow. READ MORE: Row breaks out on Vine as Dr Shola calls Boris a liar    The chocolate expert began: “You take your favourite biscuits, crush them up.” “Crumble up your biscuit and pour on really strong tea,” he said. Paul commented that coffee lovers could adapt the recipe by swapping the strong tea for a latte. “Pour it onto the biscuits. Let it go really mushy. It’s like dunking a biscuit. It’s that flavour of dunking a biscuit,” he explained.    Matt chimed in: “That is like the bottom of my tea cups.” Paul continued: “This mix which is the biscuits and tea goes into the melted chocolate and you mix it.” “Let that go cold, put it in the fridge for two hours,” he said. However, Matt interrupted by remarking: “It looks like it’s split.” DON'T MISS...BBC’s Roger Johnson blasted for ‘defending’ Boris in refugee interview [MUST SEE]BBC Breakfast taken off air as alarm goes off live on show [UPDATE]Emmerdale horror twist as Manpreet star hints Meena could walk free [THEORY]  Clearly taken aback by the comment, Paul snapped: “Don’t be so rude!” “I’m not being rude,” Matt laughed as he began stirring Paul’s mixture. Paul fumed: “It’s not split, leave it alone. Stop mixing it!” The chocolate expert continued to explain that after chilling the mixture for two hours it would transform into a fudge-like ganache.    However, as Paul’s demonstration drew to a close, Matt tasted his biscuit inspired truffles and insisted: “That’s really lovely.” “Paul that was brilliant. You’re more than just a pretty jumper aren’t you?” The presenter teased. “I try,” Paul replied, causing Matt to burst out laughing. Saturday Kitchen airs Saturdays at 10am on BBC One. 