Red Bull star Max Verstappen pointed out Charles Leclerc's 'smart tricks' after prevailing in a tense battle for the top prize in Jeddah. The pair fought tooth and nail in the closing stages of a thrilling contest, and the final corner proved a critical point at which they repeatedly jousted for the lead. An early safety car changed the complexion of Sunday's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Having started on pole, Red Bull's Sergio Perez timed his pit stop unfortunately and tumbled down the pecking order to fourth. It was subsequently left to Verstappen and Leclerc to fight for the win, and with a few laps remaining the Dutchman had closed the gap on the Ferrari star. The lead changed hands several times approaching the last corner where Leclerc showed impressive race craft to let his rival past before mounting an immediate response on the following straight. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton unaware of F1 rule after disappointing Saudi Arabian Grand Prix  Eventually, Verstappen learned his lesson and executed the same trick on Leclerc to snatch the lead in the closing stages. A spirited fight to the line could not bring Ferrari their second consecutive race victory as the Red Bull man saw the chequered flag first after having to retire in Bahrain last time out. "It was really tough but a good race," Verstappen told Sky Sports after earning the first win of his title defence. "We were battling hard at the front, we just tried to play the long game. "They [Ferrari] were quick through corners and we were quick on the straight. The tyres were wearing out quite quickly around here. At the we had a little bit more pace so I tried to get by, [but] it wasn't easy playing smart tricks in the last corner. I managed to get ahead but even after that he was constantly in the DRS.  "It was tough but I'm really happy that we finally started the season. It's a lot harder to plan your pass [compared to last year]." The tense battle between Leclerc and Verstappen showed exactly what the new ground effect F1 cars have to offer as fans were treated to a lengthy sequence of wheel-to-wheel action. Former world champion Jenson Button spoke glowingly of the new regulations after another gripping contest, after the pair also viciously contested the lead in Bahrain last weekend.  Elsewhere in the field, Carlos Sainz claimed another podium behind the leading duo and George Russell produced a respectable Silver Arrows display by finishing fifth. Lewis Hamilton was not so fortunate after a qualifying disaster on Saturday, and could only fight up to 10th after starting 15th. Lando Norris claimed McLaren's first points of the season with a seventh-place finish as Kevin Magnussen once again finished in the points for Haas. On a tight and perilous circuit, there were retirements for the likes of Valtteri Bottas, Fernando Alonso and Daniel Ricciardo. 