Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has had sanctions placed upon his ownership of the club after the UK Government looked to clamp down on Russian involvement due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. And it could force Arsenal to rethink their transfer plans, having been credited with an interest in Blues striker Armando Broja in the last month. Abramovich announced his intention to sell the club last Wednesday following pressure to do so over his presence in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict. The 55-year-old stated that whilst he did not want to sell the club, it was in the best interests of all involved and thus his 19-year relationship with the club was set to come to an end. But sanctions set out by the UK government on Thursday ruled that Abramovich has had his assets frozen, which has prohibited transactions with UK individuals and businesses. This would mean that the club would have to be given special dispensation for a potential sale, with Abramovich still receiving none of the money garnered if that became a possibility. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'faces PSG sack' and knows next project  And it could have negative connotations for Arsenal, who were linked with starlet Broja on a permanent deal late in the January transfer window. The 20-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at Southampton this season after completing the move in August. Having scored nine goals in 28 appearances for the Saints, with six of those coming in the Premier League, teams across the league have sat up and taken notice of his prowess. The Albanian international has been praised for his physicality, eye for goal and overall technical quality in a side that has risen to ninth in the Premier League after a mediocre start to the season. READ MORE: Philippe Coutinho faces biggest decision of career  But after Arsenal missed out on Dusan Vlahovic earlier in the year, they could also be left frustrated over Broja with the Blues not allowed to sell players. Alexander Isak was considered the second choice to Juventus star Vlahovic in the summer, although a move was not made for the Swedish star. That could all change in the summer with his club Real Sociedad unlikely to qualify for the Champions League. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta hinted at moves in the summer transfer window being made as opposed to the winter transfer window. "What I really want this month is that we have as many players as possible fit and healthy and that we do the best and maximum with those players," Arteta told Arsenal's official website. "After we have a strategy of how we want to evolve and improve the team, and whenever that is possible we are going to try to do it. "We all know that this market is extremely difficult."