Tottenham have made a transfer offer to sign Memphis Depay from Barcelona, according to reports. The Netherlands international has netted 10 times since moving to the Nou Camp from Lyon back in the summer. However, he’s struggled since Xavi’s appointment as manager and may now be offloaded at the end of the campaign. With Barcelona strapped for cash last summer, and losing Lionel Messi and Antoine Griezmann, they decided to reinforce the squad using the free agent market. And with Ronald Koeman at the helm at the time, Depay arrived from Lyon for no fee after rebuilding his career in Ligue 1. The 28-year-old hasn’t disappointed so far with Barcelona, scoring a respectable 10 goals from 20 La Liga outings. However, he’s struggled for regular action since Xavi took the job - with Ousmane Dembele taking his spot in the team. With that being the case, Mundo Deportivo now say Tottenham are pushing to land the former Manchester United star this summer. Spurs were linked with Depay 12 months ago but, in the end, it was Barcelona who ultimately won the race for the forward’s signature. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, a year on, they’re hoping to succeed where they previously failed. Tottenham are said to have made an offer for the winger, with Antonio Conte eager to reinforce his squad with world-class recruits. And while the publication doesn’t disclose any details, it’s stated that Barcelona are currently weighing up whether to accept. It is reported, though, that Tottenham aren’t the only English side looking to bring Depay back to the Premier League - which is something Barcelona have apparently confirmed. And the player is also attracting interest from Serie A, too, with AC Milan, Juventus, Inter Milan and Napoli all keen. Even Lyon themselves, having lost Depay, are tracking the situation of the forward. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message And what ultimately happens remains to be seen, with a potential summer exit possibly hinging on what happens with Barcelona’s own targets. They’re keen on bringing in Erling Haaland, though the finances required make the prospects of a deal remote. Robert Lewandowski and Mohamed Salah are both being tracked amid uncertainty over their futures at Bayern Munich and Liverpool respectively. And Barcelona are eyeing Raphinha from Leeds, as well as Chelsea pair Andreas Christensen and Cesar Azpilicueta. Should Depay return to England, he’ll be looking to show United exactly what they’re missing. Signed by Louis van Gaal in 2015, he lasted just 18 months before being offloaded by the brutal Jose Mourinho. And Depay, speaking last year, opened up on why his time at Old Trafford didn’t live up to expectations. “It was very frustrating I didn’t reach my usual level,” he said. “The adaption took more time than I thought and soon I had problems with the defensive way of playing. “My freedom on the pitch was limited. Doing that means you limit my main qualities. “At PSV, I had the freedom to search for the offensive spaces and follow my instincts. “At United I got confused. I had to follow the tactical orders of Van Gaal, otherwise I would certainly lose my spot in the team. Van Gaal doesn’t like players who don’t follow up on his comments. “Meanwhile I knew I couldn’t get the best out of my play this way: staying on the left side of the field, running back and forth. “I didn’t understand: you buy me because of my specific qualities you saw at PSV and the Dutch national team. “After that you put me in a role where I can’t play that way anymore. For me that was confusing.”