A number of British supermarkets have removed several items from their shelves this week. It comes as Russia's invasion of Ukraine continues, and boycotting the sale of Russian goods in the UK is just one way to add pressure on Vladimir Putin's government to back down. Asda has announced it’s removing all products that originate from Russia from its stores and online. This means around 100 items in total will be out of stock. Most of these are spirits, although some items include fish and sweets. Asda’s co-owner Mohsin Issa said: “We stand with our customers and colleagues who are shocked by the Russian invasion of Ukraine – and our thoughts are with those people whose lives are affected by this crisis.” And earlier this month, Asda and its charity, the Asda Foundation announced a £1million package to support displaced Ukrainian families in the UK and Europe. READ MORE: UK's fish and chip shops in crisis as supply of white fish at risk Aldi has said they are not going to be selling Russian vodka. The supermarket also said they would be making a donation to the Red Cross Ukraine Crisis Appeal. In a statement they said: “We stand together with Aldi colleagues across the world and will be making a donation to the Red Cross Ukraine Crisis Appeal." Supermarket then went onto confirm they would be donating a further €5million established aid organisations to "ensure help reaches those that need it most." DON'T MISS...Horoscope: Pisces warned of upcoming 'terrible conflict' - 'be brave' [INSIGHT]What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [GUIDE]Lewis Hamilton's strict diet and exercise regime to keep in shape [INTERVIEW] Sainsbury’s are removing Russain Standard vodka and Karpayskiye black sunflower seeds from their shelves. A Sainsbury’s spokesperson said: “We stand united with the people of Ukraine. "We have reviewed our product range and have decided to remove from sale all products that are 100 percent sourced from Russia." he supermarket giant also made headlines recently when they renamed its Chicken Kiev to Kyiv - the Ukranian capital - to stand with Ukraine. The Co-op, Morrisons and Waitrose have also removed Russian vodka from their shelves. A spokesperson for the Co-op said the decision to remove the sale of Russian-made vodka was "a sign of solidarity with the people of Ukraine". While Morrisons said: “We have taken action on our vodka lines today including delisting Russian Standard.” Waitrose and John Lewis said they would no longer sell products made in Russia, starting with Russian vodka and one line of pizza oven pellets. Tesco, on the other hand, has said it won’t be removing any products from it shelves. Instead, they have announced they would not be placing any further orders with Russian suppliers. A spokesperson for Tesco said they would no longer be “buying products from businesses that are wholly Russian-owned”. A statment from the supermarket giant read: “We are supporting humanitarian relief efforts through our partnerships with the Red Cross, food banks and other relief organisations to help those affected in Ukraine and neighbouring countries.” 