Holby City has been a staple series on the BBC for the past 23 years but will soon say goodbye to their evening slot as the show ends. BBC bosses have confirmed the end date for the medical drama and revealed several familiar faces would be returning. Bob Barrett, who plays Sacha Levy, made his appearance on the show in 2010 after joining the Keller ward staff as a specialist registrar. Ahead of the final instalment, he opened up about his time on the show and revealed he felt "shock" saying goodbye to his character. The Holby City finale will air on Tuesday, March 29 at 7.50pm on BBC One, where Bob and many others will say goodbye to their characters. Speaking about how he felt when he heard the news Holby City was ending and what it was like filming his final scenes, Bob compared it to "grief". "It's like grief. There are seven stages of grief – initially, it was such a shock, but as we've gone on, there has been a lot of gallows humour. "We cry about it, we get upset about it, and we also have a laugh. We really savoured the time we had together before it all finished really. READ MORE: Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star "We all get on, we're very close, and it's lovely it's been like that," he told Digital Spy. When asked how it felt to say goodbye to Sacha, he revealed it was hard because the character is "so ingrained in me". Over the years of being on the show, Bob has dealt with some hard-hitting storylines has become a firm fan-favourite. One storyline that was particularly tough for the character was his depression, where the episode broke away from its usual format. The show explored Sacha's mental health and raised awareness of depression through flashbacks and key moments in the previous months. Speaking about the storyline at the time, Bob told Metro.co.uk: "It’s been a horrible year for Sacha because of the shooting. "And Essie Harrison (Kaye Wragg) marrying Raffaello Di Lucca (Joe McFadden), so I didn’t stop playing the depression, I just didn’t do it overtly. He also added how he thought the flash-back scenes were a clever idea and praised Michelle Lipton as an "amazing writer". DON'T MISS...'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation [INSIGHT]Holby City icon Henrick Hanssen to join Casualty as BBC drama ends? [LATEST]Holby City exit for Henrick Hanssen in heartbreaking affair twist? [WATCH] "She looked back at all the past year’s scripts and episodes and produced an incredible script. "If you’re a character like Sacha, you always think your suffering is less than that of someone whose son turned out to be a murderer, or who lost their husband, or who got shot and brain-damaged. "But of course, with something like that, everyone suffers in their way, and that’s what’s truthful about the episode and the writing." In recent weeks, viewers observed Jac Naylor's (Rosie Marcel) fate unravel as many familiar faces returned to the hospital. Jac is still struggling to come to terms with her condition as her health continues to deteriorate due to a brain tumour. The fight for Jac's life has left viewers suggesting she could be killed off, alongside the stress of trying to keep the hospital up and running. The series' final instalment is set to go out with a bang as TV bosses have teased major comebacks. Some of these people include Chizzy Akudolu, who will reprise her role as Mo Effanga, Hugh Quarshie aka Ric Griffin, Luke Roberts, who will slip back into the role of Joseph Byrne and Jules Robertson, who is otherwise known as Jason Haynes. Holby City airs Tuesday at 7.55pm on BBC One.