The summer transfer window is just a few months away and the international break offers a chance for clubs to take stock of their plans before the end of the season. For Tottenham, their focus remains on pipping Arsenal and Manchester United to a top-four finish. But looking further ahead, the summer transfer window could prove pivotal in not only keeping Conte at the club but also building a squad capable of challenging for silverware. The Italian head coach wants to see Tottenham's board fully support him in the summer, but the most activity may come in the free agent market. Conte will want reinforcements all over the pitch to enhance his options and Express Sport has picked out four players linked with Spurs who could meet the former Chelsea manager's criteria. Tottenham's midfield has been improved by the signing of Rodrigo Bentancur, who has already established himself as a regular under Conte since joining in January. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg has been the preferred option alongside him in midfield with only Harry Kane playing more minutes than the Denmark international for Tottenham this season. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta has 5 problems to solve over international break  But Tottenham have a perfect opportunity to bolster their options even further with the signing of Franck Kessie this summer. Long linked with a move to north London, Kessie is set to leave AC Milan on a free when his contract expires and Barcelona have reportedly pulled out of the running. Conte has chopped and changed his three central defenders since coming in and reports indicate that he wants to bring in at least one more option this summer. And there aren't many on the market who will come at a much better price than Matthias Ginter. The 28-year-old is established at international level and is seen as one of the best central defenders in the Bundesliga. A move to the Premier League has long been touted and Tottenham could get their chance this summer. DON'T MISS  Premier League clubs will likely be lining up for Jesse Lingard's signature at the end of the season when he's expected to leave Manchester United. His form on loan with West Ham at the end of last season caught the attention of many and Tottenham are still lacking that creative spark in midfield to provide Conte with something different. It's a low-risk move for Tottenham with a high upturn if the move pays off as Lingard has proven he is capable of performing on the biggest stage. Signing a back-up striker to Harry Kane has been arguably Tottenham's biggest headache in the transfer market. Vincent Janssen and Fernando Llorente have come and gone with little impact made in north London. Kane has been in top form for Tottenham of late with seven league goals in as many matches, but Spurs struggled earlier in the campaign when the striker had one strike in his opening 13 games of the season. Belotti has had his own injury problems this season with Torino, but the Italian knows how to find the net on a regular basis and would give Conte another option up front.