Dementia details a group of related symptoms associated with an ongoing decline of brain functioning. There are many different types of this syndrome, with Alzheimer’s disease being the most prevalent. Although there’s currently nothing that can cure the condition, spotting dementia early could slow down the progression and keep your mental function going for longer. Dementia is a serious condition that isn’t a “natural” part of ageing. What’s worse, it’s set to target 152 million people by 2050 - a startling prediction revealed by the World Health Organisation. Getting an early diagnosis can help slow dementia down in certain cases, the NHS reports. So being able to spot the “warning” signs could be the first step. READ MORE: Dementia: The breakfast habit associated with a '4 times' higher risk of brain decline According to the Alzheimer Society, one warning sign that could “ensure early diagnosis” is impaired judgement. They started the description with a question: “Are you, or the person you know, not recognising something that can put health and safety at risk?” While people can make “questionable” decisions from time to time, a dementia patient may experience changes in judgement or decision-making that are more consistent. They added that this can manifest as not recognising a medical problem that needs attention or wearing heavy clothing on a hot day.  The charity explained that if you struggle with this sign, “the next step” involves talking to your doctor. According to the NHS, other symptoms could include problems with: The health service explains that symptoms of dementia usually progress over time. That might leave patients unable to communicate or take care of themselves. People might also become disinterested in their usual activities and experience a personality change. Once you’ve identified the symptoms and arranged a GP appointment, the doctor will query about the signs and other health aspects. From managing personal care to being able to pay bills, your GP might also ask about handling day-to-day tasks. The NHS advises that you bring along someone who knows you well, so they can also offer their perspective. You can expect a physical examination or a blood test to further assess your health. The diagnosis process includes a memory or cognitive test to assess problems with memory or the ability to think clearly as well. If you receive a confirmation of the diagnosis, your doctor will instruct you on the next steps, including the support you’ll need and treatments. 