Bargain Hunt continues to air on BBC One and the series is known for attracting many antiques experts. Caroline Hawley is one of the professionals offering guidance to the red and blue teams. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether the expert is married. Caroline Hawley loves life on the road on Bargain Hunt and she listed her favourite aspects of the role. The expert enjoys meeting contestants from all walks of life, and she said every shop offers something different. The star said her career in antiques seemed to "happen naturally" and she is as excited now as she was when she first started out. Outside of work, the expert is married to former footballer, John Hawley. The pair tied the knot in 2008 and they own and run Hawleys Auctioneers, based in East Yorkshire. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt’s Caroline Hawley opens up on guilty pleasure John developed an interest in antiques when he started working in his father’s antique shop in Beverley. The 67-year-old played forward as a professional footballer and represented Hull City, Leeds United, Arsenal and Leyton Orient to name a few clubs. Once he stopped playing, he went on to work as a football coach for Nottingham Forest. He brought his football career to an end with Scunthorpe United, leaving the club in 1986. Worlds away from his football days, he is dedicated to the auctioneering business. The couple's website says: "From the first auction in 2001 we have tried to maintain an Independent auction house in Yorkshire with the highest possible integrity. "We sustain old fashioned values but keep up to date with the modern-day technological advances that are a vital part of the industry and which enable us to be both local and global at the same time. "John started working in his father’s antique shop in Beverley in 1966. "He had some time off for bad behaviour but returned full time in 1986 and has been dealing and now auctioneering and valuing since then." John was born in Patrington and first played as a professional footballer in 1972. DON'T MISS... Kate Bliss age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [INSIGHT] Stephanie Connell age: How old is the Bargain Hunt expert? [EXPLAINER] Richard Madley wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [INSIGHT] His first team was Hull City before he made the switch to Leeds United in 1978. He scored 16 goals for the team in a total of 33 appearances. Arsenal's official website features a blog post on the football legend, Called John Hawley: Life Saver. He stepped in whilst playing for Bradford City, when the Bradford stand caught fire and killed 56 people in 1985. At the time he said: "I didn’t think it was anything major. "It just looked like some idiot had let off a smoke bomb. "Even when the referee stopped things, it still looked to be innocuous. "I even went to the crowd and said, ‘Calm down, calm down’. But just 30 seconds later, I was picking the first person up and throwing him over my shoulder.” Caroline is on social media but she has not shared much insight into her personal life with her husband. Instead, her Twitter profile is dedicated to her work, both on and off TV.  Bargain Hunt airs on weekdays on BBC One at 12.15pm