Tom Parker’s wife, Kelsey Parker, 31, has asked followers for their help following her husband’s pulling out of The Wanted tour. The star’s wife has prayed for him as he continues his battle with brain cancer. Tom announced yesterday that he will be missing the start of the tour. The singer will be finishing his cancer treatment in Spain. Kelsey wrote a message on her Instagram, addressing her followers directly yesterday morning. She said, to her 72,300 followers: “Dear friends, family and our amazing followers. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award "Where your intentions go, energy flows! Thank you so much for all the love, support and positive manifestations you have put in to the Universe for Tom.” She added that Tom has made a massive amount of progress “physically as well as mentally.” Kelsey then turned spiritual, urging fans to “light a candle” and repeat a mantra. She asked them to say: “We are asking the universe to answer our prayers… when there is belief, love & hope - anything is possible.” She added: “I call on angels, guides and ancestors to help support Tom in his healing journey and please continue to awaken Tom’s heart and mind to give him the power, strength and healing that he needs on this journey to complete health.” The star is currently in a private hospital undergoing treatment. He shared a photo with a health update for his own 268,000 fans on Wednesday. With a photo of himself and his bandmates, he wrote a caption explaining his health. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] He wrote: “So, as most of you know, I’ve been out in Spain on a treatment programme for the past couple of weeks. “It was only meant to last 20 days but due to a couple of logistical changes with tests and results it won’t be complete until the end of the week now which has delayed our journey home.” Tom said he’d be “gutted” to miss the first few shows but said that treatment was the priority. He concluded by saying his bandmates would “hold the fort” and said: “Can’t wait to see you all very soon, hope you all enjoy the show.Much love. Tom x” Friends of the star were quick to jump on to the post and wish him well. Fellow The Wanted star, Jay McGuiness wrote: “SO ready to have you back! Take care broseph and see you on see in no time ont bus.” (sic) Steph Wood commented: “Love you Tom. You’re doing amazing xxxxxxx” Siva Kaneswaran said: “Look after yourself brother x Sending you and fam lots of love.” (sic)