Sid (played by Billy Price) has become one of the most beloved Hollyoaks residents of recent times, with the character winning over many viewers of the Channel 4 soap during the County Lines storyline. Almost a year since the plot came to its conclusion on the television drama, the youngster has become part of a love triangle involving Serena Chen-Williams (Emma Lau) and her sister, Lizzie Chen-Williams (Lily Best). However, as his past and his present combine, it could be the girls' uncle, Ethan Williams (Matthew James-Bailey), who decides Sid needs to be taken out before he can cause any more damage. In scenes airing last week on the weeknight serial drama, Sid came face to face with a girl from his past who was linked to his days as part of the drug gang. The same girl was also revealed to be a friend of Serena's, as both of the girls were part of the village's running club. Unfortunately, with Sid trying to hide his dark past from his girlfriend Lizzie, her sister ended up consuming a bottle of water filled with amphetamines. As Monday's first-look episode began, Serena was recovering in hospital after the drugs she had taken almost caused her to have a heart attack. Needing someone to blame, the young girl's parents pointed the finger at Sid as they thought he had given newcomer Clara (Eleanor Kirby) the drugs she wants. READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera Although Sid tried to plead his innocence, his girlfriend Lizzie started to suspect he could have something to do with it. Detective Inspector Zoe Anderson (Garcia Brown) took him to the station for questioning as his past finally caught up with him. With everyone turning their backs on him, his best friend Juliet Nightingale (Niamh Blackshaw) stepped up to the plate. The youngster explained to Lizzie it wasn't Sid who sold Clara the drugs because he was willing to do whatever it took to bring down the County Lines operation. Believing her boyfriend was innocent, the Chen-Williams girl tried to convince Clara to tell the police the truth about the incident. This eventually led to Sid being released by the police but he was warned by Dave Chen-Williams (Dominic Power) to stay away from the family, including both his daughters. With the atmosphere tense, a later scene revealed who had really given the drugs to Clara and it was Serena and Lizzie's uncle, Ethan. The newcomer told him: "You sold me the drugs. You've been my number one contact all this time and I only tried Sid first because you didn't pick up." Not taking too kindly to the comment, Ethan replied: "Run. You're good at that, aren't you? And if you ever feel the need to morally land me in it with my family, I've got friends in really dark places." It seems Clara is out of the picture now but Sid will want to find out who he was going to go to jail for if Clara hadn't come forward. DON'T MISS...Hollyoaks' Jamie Lomas shuts down two companies with debts of £92,000 [COMMENT]Hollyoaks star Lysette Anthony slams bosses amid race row [COMMENT]Hollyoaks' Amanda Clapham left with swollen thumb from spider [PICTURES] As his private investigation begins, he could discover all the points of interest are pointing back to the Chen-Williams'. Noticing Ethan is a shady character, Sid could start to follow him and realise the newcomer to the villager is a dangerous gangster. When Ethan discovers he is being followed by the youngster, he could do everything in his power to silence the boy and keep his connections to the criminal world a secret. Unfortunately, this could mean it's time up for Sid as he makes an exit from the soap after being killed off for wanting to clear his name. Sid would become the second person Ethan has killed after he murdered his girlfriend, Maya Harkwell (Ky Discala) earlier this year. In recent scenes, Ethan has shown he is willing to go to such measures to ensure people fall in line with him and his plans. He ended up faking Sienna Blake's (Anna Passey) death last week to teach Ste Hay (Kieran Richardson) a lesson for trying to double-cross him. So if he were to discover a teenager was on his back, deciding whether to kill him wouldn't take any time at all. The actor who plays Sid, Billy, spoke out last year about his future on the show after his character faked his own death as part of the conclusion to the County Lines storyline. Billy explained: "I feel like Sid, in a sense, he's a very relatable character." "He's been through quite a lot. There will be people who can relate to some things, and people who can relate to others," he continued. "So, I've put my mark on the show. I've done my little bit, so whenever it's time, whenever they want to flick me out, that was my time to go! "I trust the writers and they do a great job. Whenever they want me gone, I'll pack my bags and I'll go," the soap star added. Therefore, could Ethan's reign of terror see the youngster become one of his unlucky victims or will the teenager elapse the gangster's evil clutches? Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 6:30pm on Channel 4. First-look Hollyoaks airs weeknights at 7pm on E4 or viewers can watch the new episode from 7am the same day on All 4.