Data from a new YouGov study conducted by ALA Insurance, has uncovered how much motorists lose when their vehicles are written off or stolen, despite having fully comprehensive insurance cover. The research found that more than one in 10 UK motorists have had a vehicle written off or stolen in the last five years meaning an estimated 6,350,000 motorists have been affected by the ordeal. The study discovered that only 17 percent of motorists are able to afford a like-for-like vehicle replacement using the comprehensive insurance pay out alone, leaving the majority with a huge and unexpected financial burden. Simon England, Founder and MD of ALA Insurance spoke to Express.co.uk exclusively about the issue. He said: "A little-known small print on comprehensive insurance is that your insurance provider will only settle an amount based on the perceived value of the vehicle at the time of your claim.” READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ He added: “Vehicles depreciate very quickly (some more than others) losing as much as 40 percent of their value after the first year of ownership, which means most people will be out of pocket if they need to make a total loss claim. "We weren't too surprised when we saw in our research that only 17 percent of motorists could afford a like-for-like replacement using the comprehensive insurance pay out alone.” And Mr England explained that due to the huge rise in values of cars the average driver claiming for a write-off is losing almost £6,000. He said: “At the moment, the asking price for new and used cars has also gone up significantly due to delays in production caused by Brexit and Covid. “Demand is outweighing supply, so it’s never been more important to protect the original purchase price of your vehicle. “GAP Insurance covers the difference between what your comprehensive insurer pays and what you paid for the vehicle originally - looking at our GAP Insurance claims data for last year, this average 'gap' was £5,596." Despite thefts and write-offs increasing year-on-year, 59 percent of drivers have never heard of GAP Insurance, and only nine percent have it, meaning its benefits are largely still unknown. It is estimated that the total loss to UK motorists in the valuation difference over the last five years is £8.4 billion. The research comes as drivers in the UK are paying some £300 per year more to run a car. It now costs on average a whopping £1,860 to run a car due to insurance, fuel and maintenance all increasing. Average car insurance premiums also rose by £60 year-on-year in February, reaching £673 according to Compare the Market while fuel is at historic highs. A litre of diesel costs on average £1.77 per litre, the highest on record and a crippling amount for many drivers to find.Chancellor Rishi Sunak is expected to cut fuel duty today although most say it won’t be enough to have an effect. With the average driver paying £291 more to run a car every year, the cost of driving is particularly high for young drivers at the moment. Motorists between the ages of 17 and 24 pay on average £1,154 on their car insurance, taking their typical total running cost to an even higher £2,341. One rare encouraging sign is that MOT bills have remained at the same level over the past year. And breakdown cover has actually reduced since last year, albeit only by £2.