It also illustrates that the Kremlin lacks the military might it was thought it had before the war as Ukrainian forces claimed victory over the 4th guard tank division in a town near the Russian border last weekend. The unit, famed for fighting in Stalingrad and liberating Poland from the Nazis in the Second World War, was deployed at the start of the invasion of Ukraine.  Its tanks arrived in Trostyanets, in the eastern Sumy oblast, after a week-long battle with resistance fighters and occupied the area for 25 days. However, in a significant blow for Moscow, Ukrainian soldiers announced on Sunday that they had retaken the territory after destroying the tanks. Ukraine’s 93rd Mechanised Brigade said: “Trostyanets is free from Russian occupation.” Footage widely shared online of the remains of the division’s T-80 tanks supported that assessment.  James Rogers, a defence expert and co-founder of the think tank Council on Geostrategy, told The Times that Russia’s military strength had been overestimated and Moscow was relying on Cold War-era technology. He said: “It is not the technologically sophisticated military that many imagined it to be. “Despite the fact there has been a lot of modernisation within the Russian army, much of the equipment was built during the Cold War — some has been modernised. “It was not designed to stand up against modern western weapons that the Ukrainians now have, weapons which have been specifically designed to annihilate such equipment. READ MORE:Macron 'has a lot to answer for' as arms sales by EU to Putin released “Moreover, it is not clear how serviceable Russian tanks and armour are: as Russia pulls up more from its reserves, it will become increasingly old and rusty.” A British army artillery source, who asked not to be identified, told The Times that the war has demonstrated significant problems with tanks in modern warfare. Tanks are being “popped open like a tin of beans” by cheap portable missile systems, the source said. They said: “This entire exercise has been a good confidence booster for Western infantry anti-tank capability.” DON'T MISS:  Reports claim Putin is hiding in secret luxury nuclear bunkers [REVEAL]Russian soldiers in Ukraine panicking: 'What have we got into' [INSIGHT] Ukraine LIVE: Putin deploys 1,000 strong assassination squad [SPOTLIGHT]  A former British tank commander said the new T72 model tank used by Russia was costly, harder to maintain and required more difficult training compared with older designs.