“I was talking to a mum recently who has to pay £1300 a month [£15,600 a year] for her little boy’s prescription… without the medication he’s in stasis, in a coma. When he’s using whole plant cannabis, he’s living a normal life,” says Deevoy. However, the mother in question is now unable to afford the medication; as a result: “She is being told by doctors they would rather give him brain surgery that would leave him paralysed than give him cannabis.” This is just one of a number of stories Deevoy has heard in recent years, of people who simply cannot afford the life-changing medicinal cannabis medication and are now facing life-changing consequences as a result. At their heart, the arguments against medicinal cannabis are antiquated, but with more awareness and education, campaigners say, change can occur. READ MORE: Diabetes: The feeling that could be an indication of high blood sugar Part of this awareness, education, and drive is realising that medicinal cannabis can save lives. Deevoy, who has been pro-medicinal cannabis since her child was diagnosed with severe reflux disease in 2017, describes the situation in the UK: “People are dying because they’re not getting this medication. It’s a human rights issue that people are not aware of.” The main reason for this has been the stigma around medicinal cannabis that has settled over it like a concrete roof; however, as things change in the UK, this roof is breaking and slowly people are realising medicinal cannabis can be useful. While governments have played a role in this, so has the media in portraying medicinal cannabis; this too is changing.  Although medicinal cannabis was legalised in 2018, there has been very slow progress since then. As to what would help improve the situation in the UK, Deevoy says: “If GPs were allowed to prescribe that would be enormously helpful because right now there isn’t any framework for anybody to access cannabis on the NHS.” Deevoy continued: “Currently there’s no other route for anyone to go if you don’t have epilepsy on the NHS, so they’re forced into private care and most people can’t pay for it because they’re on disability benefits. They’re spending their entire disability benefits on their medication and then having to choose between eating and being pain free and surviving.” As a result of the cost-of-living crisis patients are being priced out of treatment and having to choose between heating, eating, and treating – a triad of choices that have all come to a head during the coldest time of year. Meanwhile, in some positive news for medicinal cannabis, MP Christine Jardine has managed to secure a government promise. In response to the Edinburgh West representative, Health Minister Gillian Keegan said the government will be supporting two randomised clinical trials into products containing CBD, THC and CBD, and a placebo. In response Jardine said: “I am delighted that the government has listened to our calls and is supporting these trials which, hopefully, can break the deadlock and bring closer the provision of NHS prescriptions for children who desperately need them. “We need to recognise that medicinal cannabis can be an important contribution to the relief of pain and suffering for thousands of people in this country.” For all that the government has said it will contribute in this action, it is a baby step in the grand scheme of things and merely a promise at that. However, the more political support there is from the likes of MPs on both sides of the Commons, Conservative MP Crispin Blunt works with the Conservative Drug Policy Reform group, the more legitimacy medicinal cannabis will acquire. In the meanwhile, the campaign continues for a drug that could help so many to be made more widely available at a much lower cost. Express.co.uk will publish part two of its interview with Ruby Deevoy later this year.