Garlic is among the most popular plants around the globe. The herb has been used for centuries for both its flavouring and medicinal properties. Allicin is one of the main active compounds derived from garlic and it is known for its ability to fight bacteria, viruses, fungi, and even parasites. Garlic extract could also do wonders in regulating and lowering blood sugar levels, especially in patients who have been diagnosed with diabetes. In people with type 2 diabetes, blood sugar levels are often high, eventually leading to health complications. These may affect the cardiovascular, nervous, and immune systems. Research has shown that garlic as a dietary supplement can play a key role in reducing glucose levels. One study has confirmed that “additional garlic contributes to improved blood glucose control in 1–2 weeks”. READ MORE: What is Stealth Omicron? Symptoms of new variant to spot as cases soar by 700% in 11 days Researchers at Zhongshan People’s Hospital evaluated the effect of different garlic supplements on blood sugar levels. The analysis was based on 768 people diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, divided into “garlic” and “control” groups. The first group was given a daily dose of garlic (allicin) supplement, which ranged from 0.05g to 1.5g. Findings noted a “significant reduction in the level of fasting blood glucose in 1–2 weeks” among diabetes patients who were given the supplement. “Current data confirms that garlic supplement plays positive and sustained roles in blood glucose, total cholesterol, and high/low-density lipoprotein regulation in the management of type 2 diabetes,” the study concluded. As more, garlic has the ability to reduce inflammation in the body, which in turn curbs the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Boosting immunity and digestion, the plant is one of the best superfoods on the market. Its health benefits come from the enzymes it contains. For people dealing with diabetes, garlic is very low on calories, as well as carbs, which can help manage the condition. Supplements aside, a clove of garlic is also a good source of vitamin B-6. This vitamin makes sure that carbohydrates are metabolised at a slower rate, keeping blood sugar levels at bay. Moreover, experts argue that garlic compounds, such as allicin, allyl propyl disulfide, and S-allyl cysteine sulfoxide can increase insulin levels in the blood. Garlic oil has also been found to protect against cardiomyopathy. This kind of chronic heart disease is one of the leading causes of death among diabetes patients. In addition, the bulb and its extracts can help ameliorate cardiac health, reduce the risk of infections, blood clotting, and cancer. The most common side effect of garlic, though, is its blood-thinning properties, which is why diabetes patients should always check with their doctor before adding the supplement to their diet.