Friends and Magnum PI star Tom Selleck portrays Frank Reagan in the popular police drama, a parent, widower and the current Commissioner of New York City. After well over 10 years on CBS, the show’s lead actor has finally answered one of the biggest questions weighing over fans’ minds since Blue Bloods began in 2010. Tom has finally addressed why Frank continues to wear his wedding ring years after the death of his wife, Mary Margaret Reagan. Mary died several years before the events of the series, and thus has only been mentioned by the Reagan family during their traditional family dinners. Although she has never appeared in flashbacks, Frank’s wife continues to remain a major presence in the series thanks to the family’s fond memories of her life. The Blue Bloods star recently speculated as to why the series still hasn’t decided to peel back the layers on one of the show’s most important relationships. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell “Frank’s a little senior,” he explained. “He’s also still wearing his wedding ring. We’ve never gone into it. “Maybe it’s too self-centred a story about the why of all that. He’s pretty much wrapped himself in his work.” The TV legend opened up about his character and elaborated on some of Frank’s most interesting facets which have kept millions of fans enthralled over the years. Now the series is about to air its landmark 250th episode, could Frank’s role in Blue Bloods start to head in a completely new direction? Tom suggested Frank’s wedding ring could be a sign he’s still not ready to start a relationship with another woman. He continued to Parade: “The hardest thing about it is, especially with someone who is obviously as vulnerable as Frank and probably scared of relationships, you can’t just bring somebody on the show and do an episode about it. “It takes a lot of planning. He’s attracted to women all the time, but dating’s a different thing.” In contrast to most primetime dramas of its ilk, Frank has never had a steady love interest in Blue Bloods’ 12-year history. DON'T MISS:Mood star Nicôle Lecky teases plans to direct next series [INSIGHT]Invincible star teases Guardians of the Globe return [EXCLUSIVE]The Walking Dead sparks backlash with Negan and Maggie spin-off [REACTION] Although fans have taken note of his undeniable chemistry with Sloane Thompson (played by Alex Kingston), who recently returned for another guest role, Frank has decided to remain faithful to his late wife. His wedding ring could be an easy shorthand to explain why the showrunners have avoided bringing in another love interest for the Commissioner. However, Tom indicated that could be about to change, but only if the writers manage to do it right. “I don’t know how you get to a date in one episode,” he continued. “They have to hire somebody who’s willing to, number one, make a leap of faith, like I did on Friends, there was no script, and have a significant arc. That’s the only way to do it.” It looks like the series would have to introduce another major character as a series regular if Frank enters the dating pool for the first time in over a decade. Alex’s role as Sloane is limited to guest star appearances for the time being, but Frank could start looking for companionship again as Blue Bloods hits its 250th hour this week. Blue Bloods season 12 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA and is available to stream on Sky Go in the UK.