One drink, which can vary in colour from yellow, light brown to green, seemingly lowers "bad" low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol levels. A research paper published in the Journal of Translational Medicine analysed the benefits of catechins – found in the drink – on cholesterol levels. The scientists in the animal study provided rats with ingredients found in green tea – catechins and epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG). Numerous trials took place, with rats given the ingredients and different diets. One group had a "normal diet", while another group had a "high cholesterol diet". The third group had a "high sucrose diet" while the fourth group had a "high cholesterol and high sucrose diet". "Rats were monitored daily for their feed and drink intake while body weight was measured on a weekly basis," the researchers noted. READ MORE: Visceral fat – The fruit you can eat every day shown to reduce the perilous belly fat After a period of 56 days, the rats were "sacrificed" and their cholesterol, glucose, and insulin levels were measured. The results found that those in the high cholesterol and high sucrose diet, the rats who consumed catechin-infused drinks had "substantially" reduced cholesterol and bad cholesterol. The researchers concluded: "The drinks supplemented with catechins and EGCG are effective against obesity, hypercholesterolemia and hyperglycemia." In other words, green tea could possibly be effective against obesity, high cholesterol, and high blood sugar. However, this is only one experiment; one that was conducted on rats. The NHS certified that if you want to lower your cholesterol levels, there are many avenues to take. Diet is key when it comes to controlling cholesterol levels, which requires eating more: These healthy foods should replace fatty foods, such as: Another key component to bringing down cholesterol levels to a more healthy level is to "exercise more". The NHS stated: "Aim to do at least 150 minutes of exercise a week." Another important – and crucial – element in controlling cholesterol levels is to not make it worse by smoking. "Smoking can raise your cholesterol and make you more likely to have serious problems like heart attacks, strokes and cancer," the NHS said. Another helpful way to bring down cholesterol levels is to "cut down on alcohol". Several "drink-free" days every week are encouraged by the health body. It is also strongly advisable not to drink lots of alcohol in a short time, otherwise known as binge drinking. "Ask your GP for help and advice if you're struggling to cut down," the NHS added.