Interior designer Garry Cohn, has shared his advice with homeowners looking to create a luxurious, hotel-style bedroom. The former professor at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York, has over 30 years experience in the industry. He has created award-winning interiors for retail, hotels, commercial and residential projects. Originally from New York, Garry now resides in Dublin, Ireland and was a presenter on the hit TV series, Design Doctors. Although how a homeowner decorates a room is important, there are more subtle ways to create a luxurious finish. Garry said the “number one thing” to include are white sheets and white bedding. The interior designer even suggested looking online at the linens used in Hilton hotels. READ MORE: Lawn seed: 8 steps to growing grass in your garden before sowing He said: “You might be able to go on there and get the actual bedding from the five-star hotels. “What you want for your bed is white. Everything is white. “Your pillows are white, your sheets are white, the duvet cover is white. “You want your underlay to be extra soft and comfortable so you can sink into that bed.  DON'T MISSLawn care: The mowing trick to 'always' use when cutting grass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] “Your sheets, if you can’t afford 300 thread count Egyptian cotton, just get them to be white. “But the softer the sheets, the better. “Just by making the bedding all white, you’re already starting to get that hotel feeling.” For those craving a bit of colour, Garry suggested adding a throw to the bottom of the bed. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A throw in a different texture such as chenille or wool can also add a bit of interest. But most importantly, Garry said, homeowners should choose “white bedding”. He added: “Number one I would say is white sheets, white bedding. “Super soft, super clean. Because there’s nothing better than the smell of clean, white sheets as you go to bed.  “You will feel like you’re in a hotel.” Other ways to create a hotel-style room is to add soft lighting, a comfortable chair for reading, and a rug at the side of the bed. The chair is a great place to sit and relax with a book while the rug adds a touch of softness and luxury. Soft lighting will add ambience and create a restful, relaxing space.