Emma Raducanu has travelled to California but the US Open champion has yet to decide if she is fit enough to play in the Indian Wells Masters this week. The British No.1 pulled out of the at the Abierto Akron Zapopan in Guadalajara last month with a hip injury and was forced to miss her next event in Monterrey. Qualifying for Indian Wells starts today and the draw is made at 11pm UK time tomorrow. Raducanu is making progress in her recovery but no decision has yet been made over playing in the biggest event since the Australian Open. She is also scheduled to play in the Miami Open later this month. The Bromley teenager played in the Californian desert in her first event after her US Open triumph last October - and lost in the first round to world No.100 Aliaksandra Sasnovich. The BBC Sports Personality of the Year has won only three matches in six events as a Major champion and lost in the second round of the Australian Open after suffering a blister on her racquet hand.  In her last match, world No.13 Raducanu took an off-court medical timeout to get her upper left leg taped before declaring defeat at 5-7 7-6 4-3 after three hours and 36 minutes against Australia’s Daria Saville. She then issued a statement announcing her withdrawal from Monterrey. “Sorry to go out this way, I was loving Mexico and excited to see you in Monterrey,” she said. “However, due to the small left leg injury sustained during my last match we decided it was best to postpone my return to competition in order to recover as well as possible.” Andy Murray, who suffered injury problems at the start of his career, offered to give advice to his fellow Grand Slam champion after her latest setback.   “Yeah, if she wanted to know my advice, I'm sure she would message or speak to me and contact me, and I'd be more than happy to chat, but I'm not just going to dish out advice on that,” said the Scot. World No.1 Ash Barty has already pulled out of both US Masters events in March following her Australian Open victory. And now former U.S. Open champion Dominic Thiem has further delayed his return to action from a niggling wrist injury by announcing he will not play until the claycourt season next month. 