This comes in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Belarus has been seen as a staging area for Vladimir Putin's operations, with missiles reportedly being fired from Belarussian territory. The decision comes just one day after the IPC said it would be allowing athletes from the two countries to participate as neutrals. It had previously said that "athletes were not the aggressors". Announcing the decision in a statement, the IPC said: "Following a specially convened meeting, the IPC Governing Board has decided to refuse the athlete entries from the RPC and NPC Belarus for the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games." Andrew Parsons, President of the IPC said that the decision was made in order to "preserve the integrity" of the Games. He described the current situation as "unique and impossible". Mr Parsons said: "At the IPC we are very firm believers that sport and politics should not mix. "However, by no fault of its own the war has now come to these Games and behind the scenes many Governments are having an influence on our cherished event. "In taking our decision yesterday we were looking at the long-term health and survival of the Paralympic Movement. "We are fiercely proud of the principles and values that have made the Movement what it is today. READ MORE: Russia and Belarus athletes cleared to compete at Winter Paralympics "However, what is clear is that the rapidly escalating situation has now put us in a unique and impossible position so close to the start of the Games." Mr Parsons said that "an overwhelming number of members" urged him to reconsider his decision to allow the athletes to participate, in order to avoid "grave consequences for the Beijing 2022 Paralympic Winter Games." He said that "ensuring the safety and security of athletes is of paramount importance to us", adding: "The situation in the athlete villages is escalating and has now become untenable". The IPC President also said that the organisation has a "duty" to ensure that "violence is banned" and "the spirit of fair play prevails". DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REVEAL] Putin 'emboldened' to invade Ukraine by 'gamechanging' China alliance [ANALYSIS] Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons [REPORT] Mr Parsons concluded: "With this in mind, and in order to preserve the integrity of these Games and the safety of all participants, we have decided to refuse the athlete entries from RPC and NPC Belarus." He apologised to the athletes impacted by the ban, saying they are "victims of your governments' actions". The latest move is another hit for Putin, alongside a growing list of sanctions imposed on Russia by Western nations. The UK government introduced further sanctions on the country earlier this week, with three more Russian banks being sanctioned, including its largest bank, Sberbank. UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss also announced the UK will ban exports to Russia across a range of "critical sectors". Meanwhile, Russian ships have been banned from UK ports, with authorities being given new powers to detain Russian vessels. The UK has also imposed sanctions on senior military figures in Belarus, specifically for their role in the invasion of Ukraine. The Belarusian chief of the general staff, Maj Gen Victor Gulevich, along with three other deputy defence ministers will all face sanctions. Two military enterprises are also being sanctioned.