The arguments around independence for Scotland and for NI leaving the UK are threadbare but it doesn’t stop the separatists from talking about their fantasies incessantly as if they were just around the corner. The flipside of nationalism always going on about their cause is the silence of Unionism. Too often we take for granted that because the Union is so obviously beneficial for our citizens that we don’t need to talk about it. But we do.So many of our people do not realise that our strength comes from the Union of the United Kingdom.  In 2014 when arguing against Scottish Independence, Sir Bob Geldof, the well known Irish rockstar, said that the “United Kingdom is one of the greatest ideas for the modern age” he got a lot of stick from the usual suspects, but he was quite right.The way in which we are able to respond to the pandemic post Brexit was a foretaste of the possibilities now that we have freed ourselves from the shackles of the European Union. The fastest rollout of the Covid vaccine applied to the whole of the UK and we were very thankful here in Northern Ireland to be a part of that rather than the ponderous response of the EU.The response to the invasion of the sovereign state of Ukraine by the bully boy of Russia, Vladimir Putin, has also shown how the UK can work on the global stage in an effective way. We were the first to call out Nordstream; the first European country to send lethal aid; the first European country to ban the Russian state airline Aeroflot and the first European country to call for Russian to be banned from SWIFT, the worldwide interbank transfer system. Our Prime Minister is right alongside President Zelensky of Ukraine and the Ukrainian people have acknowledged the help of the UK by trending “God Save the Queen” on Twitter. The UK is leading on the support for the people of Ukraine and this didn’t just happen last week when Putin invaded. We have been training Ukrainian troops since 2015. In early January of this year, we were the first to send defensive weapons to Ukraine as well as troops to train the Ukrainians on how to use the equipment if needed. Other European countries were embarrassing in their help. Germany, for example, refused to send weapons and instead sent 5,000 helmets!Needless to say, I am very proud of the fact that the missiles which are now a feature of Ukraine’s defence against Russian tanks, (NLaw) are made in Belfast, so my part of the UK is definitely playing our part.Meanwhile in another part of the island of Ireland they are “constructively abstaining” from the EU’s funding of Ukraine’s military defence. As I said on Twitter when I saw that statement from the Government of the Republic of Ireland, I was very thankful that I was part of the UK and NATO as opposed to Ireland and the EU.The Prime Minister has been at the front of the UK’s preparation for, and reaction to, Putin’s war and it shows what can be achieved with effective intelligence. There were elements telling us that Putin was only engaging in geo-political game playing and that he would be mad to invade even the Donbas region of Ukraine. Well, the jury is out on Putin’s state of mind but our intelligence was proven to be correct and as such we were ready to respond – that should give us all confidence in our security services and our governmental response. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea War is not a game. It is a horrific failure when a country begins the sort of aggression we have seen Russia perpetrate against her neighbour Ukraine. Many people will die, on both sides of the conflict, as we are already beginning to see. Many people will be displaced and separated from their families. Cities will be razed to the ground and the economy of the country will be destroyed. It is truly awful.When something as catastrophic as this happens, we should all take a moment, and give thanks that despite all the shortcomings of our Government we are indeed glad to be citizens of the United Kingdom and proud of her response to this dreadful war. As in so many instances, this Union works.