Authorities recorded just over 3,100 new Covid cases on Sunday, double the previous day. In response, Beijing has enforced lockdowns in several northeastern cities, as almost 19 provinces battle clusters of the Omicron and Delta variants. Olivia Song, the China correspondent for Channel News Asia, tweeted: "China’s reporting 1,807 new locally transmitted cases with symptoms and 1,315 asymptomatic cases, as of Sunday.  "Numbers keep climbing, another two year high." The city of Jilin has been put under partial lockdown with hundreds of neighbourhoods closed off. Yanji, an urban area that borders North Korea and has a population of 700,000 people was entirely sealed off. A Jilin province health official admitted that local authorities had failed to get a grip on the situation. Zhang Yan told reporters: “The emergency response mechanism in some areas is not robust enough, there is insufficient understanding of the characteristics of the Omicron variant … and judgment has been inaccurate." China has continued to follow a strict zero-Covid policy enforced by swift lockdowns, travel restrictions and mass testing when clusters have emerged.   Local officials said residents of Jilin had completed six rounds of mass testing. City officials reported more than 500 Omicron cases on Sunday. Authorities moved swiftly to sack a number of administrators at the Jilin Agricultural Science and Technology University, after a cluster of infections was reported on campus. Students took to social media to complain about their circumstances. They said those testing positive for the virus were being confined to school libraries and other buildings in poor conditions. READ MORE: Heart disease: Hair loss may be linked to an increased risk The school has registered 74 confirmed cases and transferred more than 6,000 people to quarantine, according to state broadcaster CCTV. Aerial images showed students in hazmat suits lining up in the cold and dark waiting to be transferred. On Friday, officials in the northeastern city of Changchun ordered its 9 million residents to stay at home. One family member is allowed out to buy food and other necessities every two days. China was the epicentre of the original Covid-19 outbreak in 2019, where the disease was first reported in the city of Wuhan. DON'T MISS UK Covid deaths 'overestimated' claims Tory after Lancet study [REVEAL]Boris Johnson: 'Strong' economy bigger than before pandemic [INSIGHT]Spring booster rollout as Covid numbers climb in UK [SPOTLIGHT] There has been a lot of speculation about whether the virus was man made or a natural phenomenon. In particular, some experts have suggested that the virus may have escaped from the Wuhan Institute of Virology. Scientists there had worked extensively on bat coronaviruses and were known to be experimenting on Covid's closest known relatives. China has been accused of covering up vital information about the virus. Crucial information about the earliest infected patients was wiped from the Wuhan lab's database in late 2019 and one of its staff vanished after coming down with a mysterious flu-like illness.