NCIS' previous series aired on FOX UK, coming out just a couple of months after fans in the States were treated to new episodes of the police procedural. Unfortunately, UK viewers have had to wait a lot longer than usual for the CBS drama's return. But when NCIS does make a comeback, it is going to be released on its new home channel. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS has been airing on FOX UK for a number of years but from now on, the drama will instead be on the streaming service Disney+. This is because, in 2021, it was announced that FOX would stop broadcasting in the UK and Ireland. But there was no need for concern in terms of the future of its shows as they were moved to Star on Disney+. NCIS will follow suit, making the same move to the streamer for its 19th season. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales NCIS season 19 will premiere in the UK on Wednesday, April 6, on Disney+. The first three episodes of the series are going to be released in one go on this date. These instalments are called Blood in the Water, Nearly Departed and Road to Nowhere. After this, a new episode will be released every Wednesday on Disney+. As of yet, it isn't clear how many episodes make up season 19 of the drama. What's even more exciting is that it won't just be this latest series that's going to be ready to watch. The previous 18 series of NCIS will also be coming out on April 6 on Disney+. So subscribers are going to be able to binge-watch the entire NCIS boxset with just a click of a button. Of course, there are a number of changes to cast in season 19 which are already known. DON'T MISS...GMB reporter told DON'T ask about Will Smith as Costner avoids probe [EXPLAINER]NCIS LA season 13: Fans fume after delayed CBS drama ‘This is a cri... [REACTION]NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op? [THEORY] At the end of series 18, both Jack Sloane (played by Maria Bello) and Agent Ellie Bishop (Emily Wickersham) made their exits. More departures are to come in season 19 but the most important will be that of veteran agent Leroy Gibbs (Mark Harmon). Gibbs had been in NCIS from the very beginning, leading the team through every investigation that crossed their paths since its debut in 2003. Nevertheless, the drama goes on with some new faces welcomed to the cast. Agent Alden Parker (Gary Cole) is introduced in series 19 and he takes on a similar role to Gibbs as the eldest member of the team. Hawaii Five-0 actress Katrina Law will also be returning to the show as Agent Jessica Knight. She was introduced as a recurring character but her status has now been upped to series regular. NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. Series 19 will premiere on Wednesday, April 6, in the UK on Disney+.