Kate Middleton and Prince William are almost half way through their tour of the Caribbean to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the couple’s relationship dynamic, and how it is “unique” to the Firm. Prince William and Kate Middleton are very much equal, according to Judi James. “Their very upright, elegant posture that is almost identical but with a special gap between them suggests two even-status royals that, as well as being a royal ‘power couple’, are also pretty powerful as individuals in their own right.” Despite the Queen’s grandson being second in line to the throne, Kate has become equally integral to the Royal Family, which is evident in their body language. Rather than see Kate meekly walk behind her husband, she stands front and centre, valuable in her own right with a knowledge of her own power. READ MORE: Kate Middleton ‘flirts’ with William in Caribbean - 'On a mission'  “Kate’s confidence signals have soared and their arrivals, when their ‘intentional gestures’ or their attribution announcements are made seem to be emphatically about even status.” This appears to be a first for the Royal Family, with Judi referring to their equal importance as “relatively unique in the Firm”. While royal couples such as the Queen and Prince Philip and Charles and Camilla "traditionally announced their differing ranks, with one ‘star’ and one ‘consort’," both are stars in their own right, claimed Judi. Kate, by nature, is happy to forgo the spotlight to allow others to shine, but with her long-term presence in the Firm, her name has become just as synonymous with the Royal Family as William’s has. Their day-to-day power dynamic suggests a real equality. “Kate and William’s subtler and more private signals suggest fluctuating power, with each taking it in turns to act as lead. “Beneath the more formal equality we can see moments when William looks more dominant, with his hands on his hips or some very active gesticulations, and moments when Kate seems to be actively encouraging him by using glances, grins and laughter to boost his confidence and even flatter him.” An interesting thing happens, however, when the evening arrives and Kate stuns in a lavish gown or striking ensemble.  The Prince even welcomes opportunities where his wife takes centre stage, and this has been extremely evident so far in their Caribbean tour. While the pair absolutely “have mutual levels of respect” according to Judi, William is often so overcome by his wife’s beauty and grace that he cannot help but to step aside and look at her with wonder. “In their latest appearance, with Kate dazzling in the long link sheath dress, William suddenly looks charmingly bashful. “When he and Kate are out in Jeans and t-shirts they might make a great activity team but when Kate dresses up for the evening events, William suddenly ducks his head and performs a puckered smile that suggests her switch to glamour might have left him almost speechless.” And Kate is aware of this hold she has over her husband, claimed Judi. Despite their long-term relationship status, the Duchess is eager to “play to his sudden shyness” with increased eye contact or a “flirtatious preening gesture”. She has been spotted “touching her hair with her left hand, to attract even more of his looks of admiration”. This couple’s romantic gestures are more subtle, however, than their US counterparts, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. While the royal couple in the US use “celebrity touch rituals” to signify their relationship, Kate and William have entered a new stage in their marriage, according to Judi, with “more of a regal approach” to PDA. Their signals suggest “some intriguingly powerful emotions being exchanged for what is now a long-term relationship”.