This is turning into a disaster for two peoples, Ukrainian and Russian, and one President, Putin. Lost in the maelstrom of events last week were media reports that the international security service of Russia, the SVR, was tipping off Ukrainian President Zelensky´s security detail of individual attempts to ´kill or capture´ him by Russian special forces.  And this less than two weeks after Putin reprimanded in a public senate session the head of his domestic service, the FSB. In a country where the alumni of the KGB were fantastical beneficiaries of the meltdown of the old order, Putin may have wondered anyway who was covering his back. Since then, he made the murder of Russia´s most loved neighbours a matter of statecraft, a fact so horrific that it cannot be told to his own people.  This is a near total war in that sense nearly without precedent for the invading power. Nazi Germany made no secret for its people of its blitzkrieg on Western Europe in 1940, and even less of its evil intentions upon the untermensch (sub-humans) of the East. Hitler had an ideology of Aryan superiority far too many Germans shared.  How different is Putin´s narrative of limited or special intervention, and Russia´s reality of conscripts being illegally – under their terms of employment – being sent to murder their cousins.  This is more than ´maskirovka´, the Soviet era word for ´disguise´ in a military context´.  This is a war that dare not speak its name, even to the invaders, and whose consequences are already coming home to roost. Without a drop of loss of revenue from their vast energy reserves, the Russian people in ten days are set to lose 11% of their GDP, according to a paper last week by global bank JP Morgan. Moscow has lost all of the high street baubles of normal life for most of the planet, a McDonald´s, a streaming service, an auditor by firms operating to international standards.  The list is just beginning.    The West is now on the brink of doing what must be done in terms of our energy policy, which is firing up our shale and untapped (e.g. North Sea) oil wells as cleanly as we can. Many commentators, and certainly Zelensky, are decrying the West´s failure to seek a no-fly zone in Ukraine, but they fully know why.  Our allies are the kind of people who toil on in a nuclear powerplant under fire to save lives, and don´t shell Chernobyl, the latent neutron bomb conveniently placed in the way of the Russian supply lines needed to take Kyiv. Ukraine and the West are fighting in a way which cannot allow itself total war, for all the asymmetric threats of our enemy.  And in so doing Ukraine has surely won the respect of the whole world, even China who must be wondering how much they control the madman on their border these few weeks into their backdoor deal with him. This is where we have the moral advantage, but also increasingly an operational one.  We don´t need better tanks than the Russians, we need ´a drone in every tower block, a Javelin missile at every window´, as a Reservist friend wrote to me yesterday.  The vaunted 40-mile supply column north of Kyiv looked like the world´s biggest target last week, and today looks like its best roadblock because of the actions of the still functioning Ukraine air force at night.  The Russians daren´t fly in the day much already. People talk of needing air superiority.  On D-Day we had air supremacy, and we still fell months behind schedule.  If Russian war dead are a fraction of the 9,000 now claimed by Ukraine forces, it will be that number shortly.  15,000 Russian troops were killed in Afghanistan in the decade of occupation there until 1989, and that was enough to help topple a better-established regime.  The body bags, and phone calls from prisoners of war, will tell a story that no lack of free media can hide. Regrettably, that means that we will have to give the 6 million Ukraine adults, who say they will fight to the death in the streets for their liberty, everything we can get over the Polish border.  Russia has deployed 90% of its invasion army, 180,000 troops or so.  The maths is not at all one way. Our Prime Minister has deplored any assassination attempt of Putin. My guess is the Union of the Committees of Soldiers´ Mothers of Russia may be less generous in their thinking than Boris Johnson. We have learned what Russia´s security services and military think, as we saw them turning grey as their President talked of nuclear weapons as natural escalation. Let the Russian people bring this mad and bad man to justice in any court they decide fits best their country´s culture and his trajectory.  History says they will afford him a pretty brief process. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea If Russian war dead are a fraction of the 9,000 now claimed by Ukraine forces, it will be that number shortly.  15,000 Russian troops were killed in Afghanistan in the decade of occupation there until 1989, and that was enough to help topple a better-established regime.  The body bags, and phone calls from prisoners of war, will tell a story that no lack of free media can hide. Regrettably, that means that we will have to give the 6 million Ukraine adults, who say they will fight to the death in the streets for their liberty, everything we can get over the Polish border.  Russia has deployed 90% of its invasion army, 180,000 troops or so.  The maths is not at all one way. Our Prime Minister has deplored any assassination attempt of Putin. My guess is the Union of the Committees of Soldiers´ Mothers of Russia may be less generous in their thinking than Boris Johnson. We have learned what Russia´s security services and military think, as we saw them turning grey as their President talked of nuclear weapons as natural escalation. Let the Russian people bring this mad and bad man to justice in any court they decide fits best their country´s culture and his trajectory.  History says they will afford him a pretty brief process. 