Ajax goalkeeper Andre Onana has reportedly been involved in a serious car crash ahead of Cameroon's World Cup play-off showdown with Algeria. The 25-year-old has fortunately survived the terrifying ordeal, but it remains to be seen whether he's now involved in the match. According to journalist Nuhu Adams, Onana was involved in the nasty crash while on his way to Yaounde to Douala for Cameroon’s World Cup play-off showdown with Algeria. It’s noted the 25-year-old is ‘fine’ after the ordeal, which is fortunate given the state of the car. Adams’ tweet shows a picture of two vehicles that have clearly collided, with neither car looking repairable. There were said to be no other casualties, too. And that means Onana can still be involved for Cameroon when they tackle Algeria as they look to qualify for the World Cup later this year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Regarding his Ajax future, Onana recently indicated that he wouldn’t be signing a new deal with the Dutch giants. He’s previously been linked with Premier League switches to Arsenal and Chelsea, though their plans appear to have changed given the fine form of Aaron Ramsdale and Edouard Mendy. When speaking recently, he said: "I have done my best for this club, so I think it was important for me to look for a new challenge. "I think it's my right to sign the contract or not to sign the contract. "At the end of the day, life is about making choices. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message "I think I did a great job for this club for so many years already and I think that my time is over in Ajax." As well as Arsenal and Tottenham, Inter Milan have also been linked with Onana. And it’s the Serie A giants who appear to be in pole position when it comes to securing his signature. Reports have indicated Onana will pen a five-year contract at the San Siro, where he’ll challenge veteran Samir Handanovic for a starting berth. He does, however, remain Ajax’s first-choice goalkeeper for the time being. In 2020, Onana was given a nine-month ban after taking medication for a headache that he had no idea was prohibited. Later opening up on the ordeal, he said: “It’s incredible: 40mg can destroy a career.” He added: “I’m just a number. They can’t deal case by case. “I think they should but there are rules and the rules are the rules. The doctors said [Furosemide] is for water-retention and doesn’t benefit you. They recognised it was a genuine mistake but you’re responsible for everything in your body. “If I buy a bottle of water that turns out to be contaminated, it’s my responsibility.”