Thermobaric weapons suck oxygen from the surrounding air to create a high-temperature explosion. The blasts can last significantly longer than a conventional explosive and are capable of vaporising human bodies. They are some of the most powerful non-nuclear weapons in existence and are banned under the Geneva Conventions. Mounted on a T-72 tank chassis, the TOS-1A is one of many different types of heavy artillery spotted entering Ukraine from Russia since the invasion began last Thursday. There have been claims on social media that the TOS-1A has been used in the latest artillery strikes by Russia, including the barrage on the town of Vasylkiv, around 20 miles south of Kyiv. Some observers speculated that a huge explosion at Vasylkiv Air Base could have been evidence a TOS-1A was used. The Ukrainian ambassador to the US has said that a vacuum bomb - another term for thermobaric weapons - had already been used during the invasion, although reports have yet to be independently confirmed. Oksana Markarova accused Putin of using a vaccum bomb on Monday. Addressing reporters on Monday night after a meeting with US lawmakers at the White House, Ms Markarova said: “They used the vacuum bomb today, which is actually prohibited by the Geneva convention.”  There has been speculation that Russia may be planning to use the weapon in its increasingly brutal attack on Kharkiv which has been subjected to heavy bombardment by Russia in recent days. Footage from Ukraine showed TOS-1A launchers crossing the country’s border with Belarus as early as 24 February when Russia launched its invasion. More launchers were spotted approaching the country on Saturday February 26, along with other heavy artillery, moving south from Russia’s Belgorod region. On the same day, US Senator Marco Rubio tweeted: “Russia has now deployed TOS-1A launchers to the outskirts of heavily populated areas.” Thermobaric weapons, also known as vacuum bombs, are capable of causing extensive damage to infrastructure and loss of life, reducing cities to rubble and vapourizing bodies. They work by sucking in surrounding oxygen to generate a high-temperature explosion, producing a shock wave that is significantly longer lasting that conventional explosives. Thermobaric weapons are far deadlier than conventional weapons. A country using them to target civilian populations in residential areas, schools or hospitals could be convicted of a war crime. Both Russia and western forces have used thermobaric bombs since they were developed in the 1960s. A vacuum bomb dropped by the US on Afghanistan in 2017 left a crater more than 300 metres (1,000 feet) wide after it exploded six feet above the ground. Russia reportedly used thermobaric weapons during its was in Chechnya in 1999 and 2000. The move was condemned by Human Rights Watch as “a dangerous escalation” with “important humanitarian implications”. Russian-made thermobaric weapons were also reportedly used in the Syrian war by the Bashar al-Assad regime.