In a video released by the Ukrainian Security Service, the captured Russian soldier said he was shot in the foot and another lieutenant was killed while trying to save two Ukrainian women. The soldier said they were given orders to fire at civilians on February 24 in Kharkiv - but when he and a fellow soldier refused, their fellow comrades opened fire on them. The captured soldier, along with the lieutenant, were trying to save a woman in her 20s, and her mother, before being shot. In the video, he said Ukrainian people hid when the Russian troops began shooting. He said: "Then your (Ukrainian) forces began to shoot at ours. And then, while ours were being shot at, me and my lieutenant were helping civilians."  Speaking about the two women they helped, the soldier said: "The lieutenant ran over to them, began to take them out of the car, shouting 'come over here'. "In about 20 minutes, they noticed me and the lieutenant were saving civilians and an order was given to shoot me and the lieutenant and the civilians. "The lieutenant was killed, then they began shooting at the mother. She died with him too. "Me and the daughter began to retreat. My forces began to shoot me in the legs. "If it wasn't for this garage, they would have killed me the same as they had with the mother and lieutenant".  READ MORE: China plans THREE new gas pipelines with Russia as EU, UK and US BAN He described how he and the daughter sat behind a garage until the shooting had quietened down and they were able to drive away after the daughter retrieved car keys from her mother's body. The soldier said: "I crawled to the car and she put me in the backseat. She started the car and drove." It comes after a separate video showed a Russian soldier saying many troops are fleeing the war - despite facing a potential seven-year jail sentence for desertion. In the video, the man said: "Many have already left home. Many are fleeing, they don't want to go to war. What is it for? No one needs this, this war. No one wants this.  DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] "They are against it, they're escaping. The thing is they're promising seven years in prison, so people are staying. No one wants to go to jail." He added: "Around a month ago they gathered us, gave us documents, and told us to say we're willing to participate in a special operation. "Even if you didn't want to sign up for it, you did, and everyone was 100 percent told to go, they were sent". It's not the only video that suggests Russian troops were duped into going to war by Putin's barbaric regime. A video yesterday of captured Russian commander, Astakhov Dmitry Mikhailovich, showed him saying the troops were made to believe they were sent to liberate Ukraine after being told the government had been overthrown by Nazis. 