Ali Harbi Ali, 26, was a "fanatical Islamist terrorist" who was on some "twisted" mission of revenge when he stabbed to death the 69-year-old at a constituency surgery last October, it was alleged. The Old Bailey was told Ali waved the bloodied knife and yelled: "I killed him, I killed him. I want him dead.  I want every Parliament minister who signed up for the bombing of Syria, who agreed to the Iraqi war, to die. He deserved to die." Ali expected to be killed by armed police after his attack inside Belfairs Methodist Church at Leigh-on-Sea, Essex, it was claimed. Prosecutor Tom Little, QC, said the "cold, calculated murder" was a "no spur of the moment" decision but was planned for years. He said Ali bought the 12-inch knife at Argos five years previously, having "researched potential attacks on MPs and the Houses of Parliament". Mr Little added: "This included reconnaissance trips to the home address of Michael Gove."  Ali was said to have locadon "scoped out" the location in west London six times - with a note in his phone in 2019 saying: "Bump into him jogging, best outcome." He had also thought of ringing Mr Gove's bell and luring him outside or simply kicking down the door, it was alleged. But he backed off on learning Mr Gove had sold the house. Ali also allegedly researched several other high-profile MPs including Sir Keir, Justice Secretary Dominic Raab, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, 90-year-old former Chancellor Nigel Lawson, junior minister Mike Freer and Tory MP Richard Fuller. He also went on seven reconnaissance trips to Parliament but was put off as police there were "armed to the teeth", the jury was told.  Ali is said to have turned his attention to Sir David, posing as a new constituent to arrange a meet- in r cha ing. He appeared "relaxed and chatty" but after a few minutes Ali's mobile went off. He allegedly said "sorry"pulle "sorry", pulled out the knife and stabbed the MP. Mr Little said: "Sir David screamed. The defendant stabbed him again. Indeed, he stabbed him multiple times in a frenzied attack." Father-of-five Sir David died after suffering 21 knife wounds to his face, arms, legs and torso. Injuries to both hands showed he vainly tried to save himself. Yvonne Eaves and Darren King had just arrived at the church for a meeting, Mr Little said. Ali told them he had killed the MP and added: "Don't come anywhere near me. I will stab you. I'll go and finish him off if he's not dead."Ali had his phone on speaker and his sister was heard screaming at him: "Why have you done it?"  He replied: "I've done it because of Syria. He deserved to die." Mr King asked Ali if he was going to drop the knife and he replied: "No, because I want to be shot. I want to die, I want to be a hero." Body camera footage of the first officers on the scene, armed only with batons and spray, showed PC Scott James and PC Ryan Curtis confronting Ali. They shouted at him to drop the weapon before ordering him to lie down and then handcuffing him. Shortly before the killing, Ali wrote a message, the court heard. Mr Little said: "The message could not be clearer - this was a revenge attack done, he was claiming, in the name of Allah. Revenge is not a defence to murder."  Ali, who told officers he had been self-radicalised between 2014 and 2015, was asked in his police interview if the stabbing of Sir David was a terror attack. He allegedly replied: "I guess, yeah, I killed an MP, and I done it." Ali, of Kentish Town, north London, denies murder and preparing an act of terrorism. Three of the MP's daughters were in the court yesterday, just feet from the dock. The case continues. 'Don't come near, I'll stab you. I'll finish him if he's not dead'