Crufts: The World's Greatest Dog Show has been around since 1891 and is an international event held annually in the United Kingdom. Each year, owners bring along their furry friends to compete in various challenges, including agility, obedience, flyball and heelwork to music. However, animal charity PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) have come forward and urged for the competition to be stopped after branding it a "grotesque charade". Channel 4's coverage of Crufts 2022 began on Thursday, March 10, with 200 pedigree dogs keen to compete and take the title of Best in Show. However, PETA has come forward to Channel 4 CEO Alex Mahon and wrote a statement voicing their opinions of the competition. It read: "The RSPCA refuses to attend the show, and no one who cares about dogs should celebrate this grotesque charade – nor should it be given a platform on British TV. "With its obsession with 'purity of breed', Crufts popularises grossly exaggerated features in animals and awards prizes to dogs whose physical abnormalities make it impossible for them to lead a happy life." READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one They also added: "The culture of breeding also has wider implications for canine welfare, while breeders fetch thousands of pounds for ailing pedigree puppies, thousands of healthy, adoptable dogs in animal shelters are denied their chance at a loving home." Express.co.uk contacted Channel 4 for a comment. Many viewers of Crufts have opposing views as to whether Crufts should continue or be shut down completely. Mr Will wrote on Twitter: "#Crufts2022 #crufts is so callous and cruel: breedings practices include the inbreeding of closely related animals for maximum points. "Shows also include deafening cheering and shouting: frightening for many dogs. One for the #boycott bin!." Alison Racheal added: "Is it not time that this show was taken off air and shut down! These poor dogs must be put through endless training for no reason but for human entertainment!" However, others were delighted to see the show back on their screens, as Emily Newall tweeted: "CRUFTS IS BACK! Time for me and my boy (spaniel) to sit down with a cuppa whilst he cheers on his favourites!" Jane Potts commented: "Oh, I do love a bit of Crufts! My old girl will be sat right beside me watching along! Who will win the Best in Show this year?" (sic) DON'T MISS...WATCH Crufts 2022 LIVE: All the action from Day 3 at Crufts [WATCH]Crufts' Sophie Morgan on 'inspiring' role model after accident [INSIGHT]Crufts 2022: Why Russian dogs won't be at Crufts [LATEST] In 2008, the BBC dropped Crufts from its schedule after an investigation "found dogs on show suffer from genetic diseases following years of inbreeding". The BBC said at the time the Kennel Club, which runs Crufts, could not comply with its request for the particular breed to be excluded. This weekend sees the final day for the dogs in the competition, ahead of Sunday's award show. This year the event is set to be even tougher as it was cancelled in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, now the show is back, with more than 20,000 competitors alongside hundreds of thousands of visitors. Journalist and TV Broadcaster Clare Balding has hosted the daily highlights of the dog show and has been joined by Radzi Chinyanganya and newcomer Sophie Morgan. Speaking about her time presenting the show, she said: ""I love being surrounded by dogs and dog lovers. It’s also a never ending opportunity to learn more about all the different breeds. "Every year I meet different people and dogs, find out something new, and discover some amazing veterinary breakthrough and I love that." Crufts resumes on Channel 4 on Sunday, March 13 at 7pm.