Many stars attended the Oscars ceremony at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, while others preferred to view it from a distance at the Wallis Annenberg Center in Beverly Hills. The celebrities looked stylish in their best clothes. Who was there? Each year, the Vanity Fair party is attended by some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. This evening, among the best dressed was Jurassic Park actor Jeff Goldblum. Jeff donned a print-clashing outfit that consisted of a leopard print shirt, a snake print jacket, and a thin brown tie. The tie matched the brown and black printed shirt, but the actor’s jacket was a shimmering silver. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Expert shares which foods to eat to get rid of 'stubborn belly fat' Model Chrissy Teigen also attended the party in silver, wearing a one-strap dress with a bandeau-like bodice and flowing skirt with a high slit. She carried a matching silver clutch bag and high heels covered in diamantés. Kat Kramer’s outfit was also glimmering, as the actress wore a silver top and matching jacket covered in sequins. She paired these with white wide-leg trousers and platform heels. DON'T MISS: Women ‘can’t take time off' for gender specific health conditions [HEALTH] Weight gain is ‘very common side effect’ to menopause [EXPERT] Menopause: How to lose weight without not diet or exercise [HELP] Joan Collins attended the party too and, unsurprisingly, was also clad in sequins. Her floor-length gown had bell sleeves and a slim skirt. She completed the look with long, dangling earrings and two chunky silver bracelets. Another look that stood out was Isla Fisher’s: the actress donned a tight, fitted white dress which was mermaid-like in its design. Isla’s hair was even like a mermaid’s as she had tied it loosely in a long plait. Sienna Miller looked dashing in a silver and pale pink one-shoulder dress. The dress’ bodice was covered in diamonds, while its skirt was silky and a powder pink. Other prevalent colours at the party included black and red. Singer Janelle Monáe wore a unique black, cut-out dress with high heels and her blonde hair in buns on either side of her head. Host Radhika Jones was in red: her dress reached her feet and was pleated, with the material just underneath the dress’ waist made to look like a big rose. She completed the look with dangling silver earrings and a silver bangle. Jessica Alba was another celebrity who looked glamorous at the Vanity Fair viewing party. The actress wore a navy blue tulle dress with a wide skirt, finishing off the look with long dangling silver earrings and a red lip.