Rafael Nadal takes on Nick Kyrgios in the Indian Wells quarter-final on Thursday in what will be their ninth meeting. The Spaniard leads the head-to-head by five wins to three losses but world No 2 Novak Djokovic will be 'rooting' for the Aussie to keep his ranking and records intact in his absence from the Californian Masters 1000. Nadal is undefeated so far in 2022, coming into his match with Kyrgios on an 18-0 winning streak having already picked up titles in Melbourne, Acapulco, and a record 21st Grand Slam title at the Australian Open. But Kyrgios himself is a new man on the court, winning his maiden Grand Slam title in the Aussie Open doubles with Thanasi Kokkinakis and sharing his new positive outlook after arriving in Indian Wells which has helped him get straight-set wins over the likes of eighth seed Casper Ruud. The Spaniard has already broken a record in men's tennis this year, winning the most Grand Slam singles titles in history, and is on course to tie his rival Djokovic on the most Masters 1000 titles if he lifts the trophy in Indian Wells. The Serb has been left unable to compete in Indian Wells and the Miami Open as the United States do not allow unvaccinated travellers into the country, and has played just one tournament so far this year as a result of his vaccination status. And according to Alo! the Serb will be "rooting for" Kyrgios in Thursday's clash as he also attempts to keep his lead in the rankings for the rest of the season. After being deported from the country on the eve of the Australian Open, Djokovic was unable to defend his 2,000 ranking points and on February 28 Daniil Medvedev overtook him to become world No 1 for the first time. JUST IN: Medvedev facing more ban calls as Ukrainian player wants No 1 blocked  He will now regain the ranking after the 26-year-old's early loss in Indian Wells but could see Nadal hot on his heels for the rest of the season as a title win at the BNP Paribas Open would put the Spaniard just 950 points behind Djokovic. While Nadal will not play again until the clay-court season, which Djokovic is competing in, the world No 4 has just 45 points to defend for the rest of the season after the French Open as a result of his six-month injury layoff in 2021. Djokovic, meanwhile, will have thousands of points to defend between the French Open and the end of the season, having won Wimbledon and the Paris Masters in that period as well as making the US Open final. The Serb secured the year-end No 1 ranking for a record seventh time last year but in his current form and with little points to defend, Nadal could be eying a sixth year-end finish at the top spot if he isn't struck by injury again. DON'T MISSNadal gives verdict on major shake-up affecting French Open chancesRaducanu given Grand Slam boost to bounce back after 'rough road'Emma Raducanu picks out post-retirement challenge for Rafael Nadal  Nadal himself is ready for the challenge of a Kyrgios clash, admitting the current world No 132 is in top form at the moment. "He’s playing great. He’s one of the toughest opponents on tour," the fourth seed said. "Everybody knows how good he is when he’s motivated. Probably tomorrow, he will be. It will be a good test for me, a good challenge. But I’m just excited to be in the quarterfinals. I’m going to try to be ready for it." The winner of the Nadal-Kyrgios clash will meet the winner of another quarter-final between young sensation Carlos Alcaraz and defending champion Cameron Norrie. 