CBS’ highly acclaimed procedural drama NCIS Los Angeles returned to screens this week for a special and highly anticipated episode. However, just before it began viewers were in a bad mood as the network announced the episode would be delayed.  Viewers were excited to be getting a double dose of NCIS LA, as two episodes were expected to hit the screens. However, before the episode titled ’Bonfides’ was set to begin, CBS issued a warning to its viewers stating the show would be delayed. The network took to Twitter to inform its audience, with a statement which read: “Attention CBS viewers. “Due to the late-running March Madness College Basketball, CBS Sunday Primetime Schedule is delayed in East and Central time zone cities.” READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Viewers had been excited to not only get two episodes of the thrilling series but to also find out more about Callen’s (played by Chris O’Donnell) deep-fake. Ahead of its release, fans were convinced Katya Vitkoya (Jana Kolesarova) was the imposter faking his identity. Throughout the previous episode, the team were working together to stop her without realising they were playing right into her hand. With this intense storyline, the eagerness from fans to find out more was understandable, so they took to Twitter to share their anger about the episode being delayed. Under the statement, @Maryebrewer commented: “So tired of this happening every Sunday! Cut [60Minutes] short instead of moving shows I want to watch later.” @lilmssunshine76 claimed: “Some of us don’t care about 60 minutes put on NCiS.” An annoyed @XOforevaaa wrote: “UGHHHHHHHHHHH,” followed by a number of eye-roll emojis. While @immortalgays tweeted: “This is a crime…. F**k March madness.” DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op? [THEORY]Who is Vander on NCIS LA? Who plays him? [INSIGHT] Despite the tweets from annoyed viewers, other fans were grateful for the warning which meant they had time to prepare and wouldn’t be caught by the surprise. They also shared their gratitude under the CBS statement. @Janice8302 commented: “I knew - thank you for the heads up. I’m here watching NCISLA now as I text!” @PayneAnna added: ”Got it thank you very much!!!” March Madness is a renowned annual game of single-elimination tournament which features 68 college divisions competing to become national champions. Next week the Men's team will have to New Orleans where they will battle it out for the Men's final four. The women’s team also played and came head to head, however, the players will have to wait until Monday night which is when the final four will be determined. NCIS Los Angeles is available on CBS. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 