More than 2,000 warrant cards that might be used to commit crimes are missing, said Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services. The ID cards were issued to officers who have since left. That they remain unaccounted for has "sinister implications", the watchdog said. Last year, PC Wayne Couzens used his warrant card to falsely arrest marketing executive Sarah Everard in London before he kidnapped, raped and murdered her. The report also found that in the past two years the Met has recruited people with criminal connections and more than 100 who have committed offences including wounding, handling stolen goods, possession of drugs and theft. Officers with family links to criminals are not monitored properly and not all outside business interests are declared, it said. Seized items including cash, jewellery and drugs are unaccounted for and may have been stolen by officers or Met staff. And the storing of property and case exhibits is "dire". One supposedly secure store had its access code scribbled on the door. Hospitality, gifts and bequests, sometimes worth thousands of pounds, are not being recorded, the Inspectorate added. The force, which has 44,000 personnel, does not even know if all officers in sensitive posts are vetted properly. They include informant handlers, serious crime investigators and child protection officers. Despite repeated warnings, the Met still does not have a system to monitor its IT systems proactively. Other forces have found that helped them identify corrupt staff. The report probed the Met's approach to countering corruption after last year's damning report into its failure to find the axe killers of Daniel Morgan. Inquiries into the private eye's March 1987 murder were hampered by police corruption. Home Secretary Priti Patel, below, was yesterday "very disappointed that serious issues still persist". Her Majesty's Inspector of Constabulary Matt Parr said the Met can be "arrogant and slow to learn - except when the pressure is on".  He added: "It is unacceptable that 35 years after Daniel Morgan's murder, the Metropolitan Police has not done enough to ensure its failings from that investigation cannot be repeated. This will be understandably distressing for Mr Morgan's family and friends. 'Acknowledge confront the cover-up rife in "We found substantial weaknesses in the Met's approach to tackling police corruption. From failing to properly supervise police officers who have previously committed offences to inadequate vetting procedures... it is clear that the current arrangements are not fit for purpose. "The Met's apparent tolerance of these shortcomings suggests a degree of indifference. We have made several recommendations for change. If public confidence is to be improved, they should be among the Commissioner's highest priorities." A report last year by the Daniel Morgan Independent Panel called the Met "institutionally corrupt". But the watchdog did not find evidence that the Met tried deliberately to frustrate the panel. Inspectors praised the force for how it tackled very serious corruption.  Scotland Yard said: "We welcome the Police Inspectorate's report and realise there is a lot we need to improve. We are deeply concerned at the criticisms in the report on our approach to countering corruption and are urgently reviewing our systems and processes." More than 100 officers have been added to its professional standards unit. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "Action needs to be taken at the highest levels."  The family of Mr Morgan said: "We found ourselves lied to, fobbed off, bullied, degraded and let down." Their statement added that without root and branch change in the force's leadership team, "we consider we are unlikely to see any meaningful progress". They called on the Mayor's Office, the Home Office and the Independent Office for Police Conduct "to acknowledge and confront the culture of corruption and cover-up that remains rife in the Met". Last month Dame Cressida Dick said she would be stepping down as Met Police commissioner after Mr Khan "no longer had sufficient confidence" in her leadership.