Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has been linked with a shock move away from Old Trafford over the past few weeks, with Arsenal being touted as a potential destination. But according to reports, the Red Devils could have a plan to stop him joining their top-four rivals - by offering the boyhood United fan a new contract.  Rashford, 24, made his United debut in 2015 at the age of just 18, and marked the occasion by scoring twice against FC Midtjylland. Since then, the Wythenshawe-born star has become more of a regular at Old Trafford, which was seen with his career-best 17 goals in 31 league games in 2019-20. He was expected to kick on and become one of the Premier League's biggest stars as he begins to enter his prime. But a series of poor performances this season has seen the England star come under intense criticism for his inability to fulfil his potential. Arsenal have been linked with a move for his signature as they look to replace the inevitable daperatures of Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah in the summer. But ESPN have reported that United are planning to keep the pacy attacker in their ranks, showing a belief that he can fulfil his potential at Old Trafford. After verbally agreeing a new five-year-deal for Bruno Fernandes last week, the club are now looking at new deals for Rashford and left-back Luke Shaw ahead of the new campaign. The duo are considered to be part of a key group of United's core players, and the club will push ahead in their efforts to renew Rashford's deal. Rashford has just four goals in 19 league games this season - a worse return than Chelsea defender Reece James, and the same amount of goals as Philippe Coutinho, who joined Aston Villa in January. And manager Ralf Rangnick admitted he told the striker he could leave in the summer if needed. "I don't think that he's not had enough game time," claimed the German. "He's had 13 or 14 games since I've been here now. He's played more games from the start than he didn't play from the start.  "I don't think this is an issue and he never said anything about that when we spoke yesterday. But again, the window is closed right now. "Suppose he and his agents or his family at one stage of the summer think about maybe going to another club, well then he can do that, but in the summer." United currently sit four points behind Arsenal in sixth, having played a game more. 