Earlier this year, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge celebrated her fourth decade with a trio of bombshell portraits. The beautiful pictures were taken at Kew Gardens in London by esteemed photographer Paolo Roversi, and now the snaps will feature in the National Portrait Gallery's Coming Home project. The snaps will be displayed in venues across the UK, all of which have special symbolism for the Duchess of Cambridge. Kate was part of discussions on where the portraits should go, and she has settled on very poignant spots around the British Isles. One picture of Kate showed her in profile looking to the left, in a snap that drew comparisons to older styles of royal photography. Shot in black and white, Kate wore a floaty white dress for the picture, and her sapphire engagement ring which once belonged to Diana was in full view. This particular portrait will go on display at St James the Less in the Berkshire village of Pangbourne, the church frequented by Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton. READ MORE: Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason  The photo will then move to the Reading Museum, which is nearby to the Royal Berkshire Hospital where Kate was born 40 years ago. Another birthday portrait showed Kate smiling directly at the camera while wearing a bright red Alexander McQueen gown. This photo will go on display at the Wardlaw Museum at the University of St Andrews, which was famously the backdrop of the start of Kate and Prince William's romance. Kate and William were both art history students at the university, and they also lived together with other students during their time there.  Another photograph taken to mark Kate's birthday showed the Duchess staring straight at the camera, and it was again shot in black and white. Kate was pictured wearing a white dress, and the snap has drawn comparisons to pictures taken of her late mother-in-law by Mario Testino. This portrait will be displayed at Anglesey's Oriel Mon museum, which holds a special place in Kate and William's hearts. The pair lived on the North Wales island when William worked as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot.  DON'T MISS:Kate beams at heartwarming father-daughter moment on latest visit [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles in striking green as Duchess joins Prince William [REPORT]Kate's best green outfits as Royal Family mark St Patrick's Day [PICTURES] All three pictures will be going on display at different times throughout the year, and they can be visited free of charge. Kate has long been the patron of the National Portrait Gallery, and her interest in the arts is well-documented. Kate's love of photography is also common knowledge, and she has been known to take her children's pictures for their official birthday portraits. Nicholas Cullinan, director of the National Portrait Gallery, said: "As one of her first and earliest patronages, we are delighted to be sharing Paolo Roversi's wonderful portraits, taking each to a place of resonance across the United Kingdom for Her Royal Highness as part of our Coming Home project." 