Ralf Little, 42, has not held back in his criticism of the Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, 52. The Death in Paradise star accused the politician of “gaslighting” Britons about Brexit. It happened after Mr Rees-Mogg shared a tweet yesterday highlighting a “benefit” of Brexit regarding this year’s Spring Statement. He retweeted a post by HM Treasury that announced they were cutting VAT on the installation of energy saving materials in residential properties from 5 percent to zero for the next five years. The Conservative MP added: “The EU would not allow us to do this, another benefit of Brexit.” Ralf responded today as he quote-tweeted Mr Rees-Mogg’s post, accusing him of telling a lie. He also argued that the move had been the European Union’s idea. In view of his 277,000 followers, Ralf fumed: “This is a flat out lie. It was the EU’s idea in the first place. “Why do we live in a country where we elect people and then let them just gaslight us?” Fans of the outspoken TV star replied to his tweet weighing in on the subject. MirandaMcCorm17 said: “The only way to deal with this is consequences when politicians lie. “Not ballot box consequences several years down the line when people have forgotten, but immediate consequences, which incl  published statements saying ‘I lied’. “Those statements can be gathered as evidence.” TheBadDisciple added: “It's a shame politicians don't get fined for intentional lies. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [LATEST] “Like sports people do for public misconduct etc.” Nwex typed: “He probably didn't even post it himself. “You know when a MP has someone doing it for them because they never repsond.” (sic) Ralf has previously addressed political topics on his social media, having recently hit out at former prime minister David Cameron for "creating austerity". The politician revealed he had been volunteering at a food project which helps those in need. He also announced he was on his way to Poland to deliver supplies to Ukrainian refugees. Ralf replied to the Twitter announcement: “On the one hand you want to say fair play. “On the other hand, he presided over an austerity policy that literally created this situation.”