Medics tried to save the man after he was discovered in a street in Old Swan, Liverpool, but he died of "significant injuries". Police then found a woman with multiple stab wounds a short time later in a property nearby and she was rushed to hospital. Cordons were put in place by armed police and officers are now investigating at the scene. Forensic officers were seen coming and going from a property in the area, which is a short distance from Liverpool city centre. A murder investigation has been launched but police are "keeping an open mind" surrounding the investigation, reports Liverpool Echo. A spokesman for Merseyside Constabulary said: "Detectives have launched a murder investigation following a fatal stabbing in Old Swan this evening, Monday 14 March. "At around 8.55pm, emergency services were called to Rock Grove after a report that a man in his 40s was found in the street with significant injuries. Officers administered CPR but the man was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. "A post mortem will take place to establish the cause of death. A female was found inside a property on Rock Grove with stab wounds. "North West Ambulance Service has taken her to hospital. "Rock Grove and surrounding roads are currently closed as crime scene investigators carry out forensic examinations at the scene. CCTV and house-to-house inquiries are being conducted in the area."  Chief Inspector Jim Wilde said: "This was a tragic incident in which a man has sadly lost his life. An investigation is now underway, which is in the very early stages as we seek to establish what has happened. "I would appeal to anyone who was in the area of Rock Grove this evening between 8.30pm and 9pm to please get in touch. You may have seen or heard something suspicious which has led to this tragic incident. "It is vital that people with information, no matter how small, to please contact us as it might be vital to the investigation." Anyone with information is asked to DM @MerPolCC on Twitter, call 101, quoting log 1068 of 14 March. 