Tear-jerking favourite The Repair Shop was back on Wednesday, with Jay Blades fronting the popular series. One moment saw "teddy bear ladies" Amanda Middleditch and Julie Tatchell tasked with restoring a 50-year-old teddy bear back to its original state so it could make the journey to Australia. Couple Hillary and Mike became emotional as their "Fred Bear" was brought back to life and ready to be sent across the world. "He's 50 years old," Hillary told the vintage bear repairers as she handed over the bedraggled cuddly toy. "He was bought for Maria, our oldest daughter, for her first Christmas." She added: "And he was about the same size as her, I think. "Maria then had two more sisters and a brother, hence the very battered look as he was carried around by his ear a lot." READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The bear was missing one ear and had been damaged all over its torso. "Maria's emigrated to Australia now," Hillary explained. "Oh okay, and she didn't take him with her?" Julie asked. "She couldn't take him because he's full of straw," Hillary replied. Strict laws in Australis prohibit certain materials from being brought into the country. The loving grandmother added: "Since then, one of her daughters has had a little boy and I'd really love him to belong to him now because he's part of our lives." "So it's just getting him out there, to Australia?" clarified Julie. The couple requested for Fred to be made furry but with his original head, legs and arms. Julie reassured the couple a new ear would be possible for them to sort out. DON'T MISS... BBC viewers plead for Clive Myrie to leave Kyiv as rivals exit [LATEST]Call The Midwife bosses open up on 'dark' and 'difficult' series [INTERVIEW]Tipping Point fans fume as they spot pattern in show [REACTION] When they arrived later to pick up the restored bear, Hillary admitted she was "a bit nervous". Once Fred was unveiled though, she gasped: "Look at him!" The bear now looked soft, clean and as good as new, boasting fresh colours and a new ear. "How did you do that?" Hillary asked tearfully. As she cuddled the bear, she added: "Oh, he's gorgeous." As her husband watched on, laughing at her reaction, Hillary pointed out: "Well look at you, you've gone as well!" She added: "We're just two softies, aren't we?" Amanda gave the emotional owner of the bear a hug as Hillary thanked the women. "He just looks like Fred Bear, but he's lovely," she added. "Well if you can say that, that's what makes us happy to hear," Julie replied. The segment ended with a photo showing the couple's great-grandchild next to Fred. The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.