Nick Tilsley (played by Ben Price) is trying his best to give his son Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) a happy future as he comes to terms with the death of his mum Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac). However, after banning his son from playing his beloved chess, will Coronation Street's Leanne Battersby (Jane Danson) take drastic measures over concerns about Sam’s welfare? In Monday’s double-bill, Nick shared his concerns with his son over his school performance. He said: “Sam that was the school on the phone apparently you don’t seem yourself.” “I’m always myself,” the youngster replied before Nick explained: “Well you’re not doing your homework, you’re not concentrating, you were doodling chess plays in the maths test.” Sam hit back: “Chess is math. The questions were too easy.” “Okay that’s not the point, is it?” Nick hit back and Leanne reasoned: “Sam come on you’ve got to keep up with your schoolwork.” Sam insisted he was keeping up with his work before showing Nick he had been drawing chess diagrams on his workbook. Read more: Corrie star Susie Blake explains why she hasn’t dated since 2000  He said: “I will do it I just needed to work out my defence against Roy tomorrow.” Leanne warned Nick privately: “Don’t be too hard on him,” but the father said: “I’m not being hard on him this obsession with chess isn’t healthy.” Once Sam had completed his homework, he asked his father about his upcoming chess game with Roy Cropper (David Neilson). “Can I play chess with Roy tomorrow?” Sam asked and Nick replied: “No I don’t think so we need to stop that for a bit.” “I said I’d pull my socks up and I will you don’t need to punish me anymore,” the schoolboy pleaded. Nick reasoned: "I’m not punishing you it’s just some time off and you can do other things you enjoy.” Sam begged his dad to let him play chess but Nick refused to budge. When his son walked off, Nick looked over to Leanne who began: “I just think maybe…” Cutting her off, he said: “Look he’s my son,” before apologising: “I’m sorry I’m just trying to do what’s right.” “No it’s fine I’ll keep my opinions to myself,” she hit back before storming off. Leanne tragically lost her son Oliver and is the legal parent of Simon Barlow (Alex Bain). Nick’s comment would hurt her deeply and could lead her to think Nick isn’t in the right frame of mind to look after Sam. DON'T MISSCoronation Street Gary's next victim unveiled in revenge plot? [SPOILER]Coronation Street villain Lydia Chambers teams up with Imran Habeeb? [THEORY]Coronation Street's Imran Habeeb star 'quits' ITV soap  [INSIGHT] Could Leanne decide she wants to legally establish herself as Sam’s guardian to stop Nick from making decisions without her? Meanwhile, Leanne isn’t the only one questioning Nick’s actions as Gail Platt (Helen Worth) hit out at her son over the chess ban. “Are you sure about stopping the chess?” Gail asked her son who answered: “It’s getting too much it’s affecting his schoolwork.” Gail suggested: “Well couldn’t you just limit it a bit?” “Look I haven’t said this to Leanne but I think he’s using it to block things out he’s not dealing with his grief,” he replied. “What makes you think that?” Gail asked and the father explained: “He’s not talking about Natasha at all all he wants to talk about is chess.” “Is that such a bad thing? He’s 10 years old he’s probably not ready to talk about it yet. Maybe a distraction is just what he needs,” Gail remarked. “I’m worried it’s more than a distraction it’s like Leanne locking herself away not wanting to talk about Oliver he’s doing the same with chess it’s like a lock on the door,” Nick revealed. Gail is clearly concerned about her son’s decision and only has Sam’s best interests at heart. Could you betray her son and support Leanne’s bid for custody? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm.