Sunak confirmed yesterday that he would apply the triple lock to the 2023/24 State Pension increase, in positive news for pensioners. This looks set to give retirees a bumper pay rise, lifting the new State Pension above £10,000 for the first time. The triple lock increases the State Pension each year either by inflation, earnings or 2.5 per cent, whichever is higher. It was introduced by the coalition government in 2010, to reduce pensioner poverty and help retired people close the gap with those in work. Sunak suspended the earnings element of the triple lock last year, because it would otherwise give pensioners an increase of more than eight percent from April, as wages bounced back after the pandemic. He stuck by that decision despite the uproar, and many feared that he would suspend the triple lock again next year, too. Now the Government has confirmed that it will stick by the triple lock until at least 2024, even if inflation rockets. Yet not everybody will reap the full benefit. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. Consumer price inflation is expected to hit 7.4 percent in September 2022, and that month's figure will determine the next State Pension increase. From Monday April 11, the full new State Pension will increase £185.15 a week, a rise of just 3.1 percent, due to the triple lock downgrade. If inflation does hit 7.4 percent in September, it will jump to £198.85 a week. This would increase the annual payment from £9,627.80 to £10,340 a year, the biggest single increase ever. But there's a catch. Most pensioners don't qualify for the new State Pension. That's because it is only paid to those who retired after April 6, 2016. Those who retired before that date receive the old basic State Pension instead. READ MORE: State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pu  This is the pension paid to any man who was born before April 6, 1951, and women born before 6 April 1953. To the horror of many, the old basic State Pension pays a much lower rate. From April 11, the old basic State Pension will pay a maximum of just £141.85 a week, or £7,376.20 a year. If it is raised by 7.4 per cent in 2023, this will rise to £152.35 a week, which works out as £7,922 a year. So older pensioners could potentially get £2,418 a year LESS income as a result, although what people get individually will depend on factors such as their National Insurance contributions record. Many Express.co.uk readers on the old basic State Pension are furious because they feel they have been treated unfairly. As we reported on Saturday, many see receiving less on the old State Pension as “pure discrimination”. DON'T MISS:State pension triple lock GUARANTEED - Rishi Sunak confirms rise [REVEAL]Millions of over 60s unable to get council tax rebate [ANALYSIS]Government confirms April prescription prices [LATEST] The debate continues to rage with Express.co.uk reader Rn arguing that this out that “creates an underclass of pensioners”. Reader Theancienttone failed to understand how two pensioners, who both paid their full National Insurance contributions, can have a pension differential of almost £45 a week. “And what is galling is that every time we get a percentage increase, this differential grows bigger.” Canada Life technical director Andrew Tully has argued said some workers on the old State Pension contracted-out of the additional State Pension and paid lower National Insurance (NI) contributions as a result. “They get less additional State Pension but should hopefully get a higher private pension to compensate.” Yet many readers insist the system is intrinsically unfair and creates indefensible results, including Ragnarok who wrote: “Myself and my wife are now retired we both worked all our lives. My birth date August 13th 1951 my wife August 6th 1952, I get the new State Pension my wife gets the lesser old pension.” Their anger will only grow as inflation widens the amount the two pensions pay.