Married at First Sight Australia returned for its ninth series Down Under at the beginning of 2022. The same season then began in the UK on E4 in February and fans cannot get enough of both the romance and the rows. One couple's journey whose fans are particularly enjoying is that of Selina Chhaur and her reality show husband Cody Bromley. Things didn't exactly get off to the best start with newlyweds Selina and Cody on Married at First Sight Australia. He was seen criticising his wife on their wedding day and went on to admit that he wasn't sexually attracted to Selina during their honeymoon. The situation grew even more intense when she questioned her husband on if it was because she was Asian that he was struggling with the physical element of their relationship. Cody admitted this was the reason, breaking Selina's heart but he quickly apologised and they agreed to give their romance another go. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? Since then, fans have watched Selina and Cody slowly get to know one another and build on their connection. With help from the experts, it appears there could be a chance for them to have a future together after all. After the series premiere, Selina spoke to the Australian publication WHO about the comments Cody made. She said: "It was such early days, we were still getting to know each other, and I know myself I don’t judge people based on their looks. “I was quite confident if Cody gave me the chance and we had more time to spend together, then he would get to know me on the inside and fall in love with my personality. "So I was feeling positive and hopeful." Like with the rest of the cast, Selina's whereabouts and relationship status has been kept on the down-low. This is to ensure the surprise of what will happen in the reality show isn't spoiled for fans. Nevertheless, Selina was spotted on a beach in her hometown of Adelaide back in January. More importantly, she was seen with her new husband Cody so their love story is looking promising. DON'T MISS...The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one  [CANCELLED]MAFS Australia season 9: Are Olivia and Jackson still together? [CAST]What time is Married at First Sight Australia on? Schedule shake-up [EXPLAINER] While they haven't officially confirmed their relationship, Selina and Cody have been following each other on social media prior to the series making its debut. This hasn't been the case for many of the couples who only started following each other when it was pointed out online. So it looks like Selina and Cody may have decided to settle down in Adelaide. In terms of her work as a hairdresser, it's unclear if she has returned to the profession following MAFS Australia. There isn't too much longer though before the season comes to an end in Australia. With Channel Nine also airing a new episode four nights a week, this means the series should air its finale on Tuesday, March 22. For UK fans, season nine won't reach its climax until Tuesday, April 12, on E4, as long as there are no delays in the schedule. Married at First Sight Australia season 9 continues on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.