According to reports, Samantha Markle filed a lawsuit against Meghan Markle, accusing her of "defamation". Samantha claimed the Duchess of Sussex made "demonstrably false and malicious statements" to "a worldwide audience" in her tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, which aired in March last year. Samantha also claimed Meghan "published and disseminated false and malicious statements" about her "in a New York Times best-selling book, Finding Freedom, and in many newspapers and media outlets worldwide." The court case was one of the main topics of discussion during Monday’s Lorraine as the host spoke about the latest royal news with correspondent Russell Myers. “Meghan may be facing off against her sister, Samantha Markle who is no stranger to the press,” Russell began. “She’s been making a lot of noise in previous months and years, however, this relates to Meghan’s discussion with Oprah Winfrey, that big famous interview.” READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? He continued: “Samantha Markle says the depiction she gave of her lifestyle, this rags to riches episode she had was very, very unfair. “She’s actually going to be suing Meghan in the courts in the United States for $75,000 for defamation saying this was a premeditated campaign to destroy her and her father’s reputation. “Now, Meghan has just won a huge court case with the Mail on Sunday, very expensive lawyers, I am not sure about locking horns with Meghan at this time.” As the interview came to an end, Lorraine couldn’t help but take a swipe at Samantha. “For goodness’ sake, why would you do that?” Lorraine raged. “She obviously wants the money or the attention. “All you do at the end of the day is make lawyers rich.” “Probably both,” Russell agreed as Lorraine replied: “She should just go away. “She’s had her moment, just leave it.” DON'T MISS...NCIS' Pauley Perrette issues passionate plea against Ukrainian war [REACTION]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale arrest for Liam Cavanagh after Charles teams up with Meena? [SPOILERS] Following the segment, viewers took to social media to share their thoughts, with many stepping in to defend the Duchess. Leanne wrote: “I think Samantha and her father destroyed their own reputations. I don’t think they needed Meghan’s help in doing that #lorraine.” Sara tweeted: “Samantha Markle just needs to go away. She’s so jealous of Meghan it’s ridiculous. She and her father have done a good enough job of destroying their own reputations.” (sic) “The narrative now is desperate. In a week and all Lorraine will discuss is #samantha who has no relationship with her own children or mother for years,” Rianne penned. While Kelly commented: “Every time @rjmyers and @GMB talk about any member of the Royals they always manage to drag Harry or Meghan's name into it. There's clearly jealousy from Meghan’s sister. Oprah's interview isn't that deep. Compare to Andrew and Royals putting out millions to bail him out.” (sic)   Following Meghan and Prince Harry’s interview with Oprah, Samantha has been very vocal about her sister. In an appearance on GB News in August 2021, Samantha claimed Meghan had an obsession with the royals growing up. “A lot of young girls fantasised about being princesses around the time of Diana’s life, so I didn’t really pay attention to it,” Samantha told host Dan Wootton. “It wasn’t until much later when I saw the photographs of the memory of Diana, of her gestures being photographed in the same clothes. “Looking at a lot of evidence to suggest that she knew a lot about the royals, she studied their lives." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.  