Tom Pearson, the latest deckhand to join the crew, attempted to get the party started on Below Deck Sailing Yacht season three with his co-stars. However, in scenes that aired during the first episode, Tom was seen throwing up in the toilet and going to bed early due to getting too drunk. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Tom revealed he wasn't embarrassed over his actions and revealed he put himself "on the map" in terms of newcomers. After the wild party from the night before, the reality star was left red-faced the next morning when he saw his colleagues and new boss Captain Glenn Shephard. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Tom revealed: "I love the first episode, I wasn't embarrassed, start as you mean to go on and I went to have a good time. "I mean, you know, just don't mix tequila and you won't be sick, who hasn't had a few drunken nights where you haven't like thrown up or embarrassed yourself in front of work colleagues. "Everyone in the world has done it; they just didn't do it on national television, which only makes me a little bit more of a legend. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? "So I've had a great response from that, I mean, I've read a few things online like 'Captain pukey', or there's a podcast that's called Tom's an idiot. "But I took everything on the chin, and I've only had a good response, I have had people messaging me like relating to me so well, so I love the first episode. "I thought like if anything it put me on the map, it just put me straight out there, people loved it so no complaints my end," he explained. Tom also set the record straight on whether he was sick on his sleeping boss Captain Shepherd, which would have made things even more awkward for him. He told Metro.co.uk: "No! Everyone made out like I was sick on him, I had to ask [him], 'I wasn’t sick on you, was I?' He was like, 'No, no, just in the bathroom.' "It was a mess, but no, I definitely 150 percent did not throw up on Captain Glenn, please get the message out to Andy [Cohen, reunion host] because that’s what everyone’s thinking." Discussing his wild night on the boat, he also said: "When I get drunk, I don’t remember anything. It’s so bad. I just blackout, and it’s not every now and again, it’s all the time. "I woke up, and I just remember being like, 'Why am I in the crew mess?' No idea what happened. DON'T MISS...Below Deck Med's Malia White admits wanting to leave show behind [INSIGHT]Below Deck star Daisy Kelliher opens up on ‘traumatising’ return  [LATEST]Below Deck Sailing's Daisy jibes at co-star's pregnancy announcement [WATCH] "I just remember all the lights coming on, and then obviously the camera spun around and looked at me, instantly I knew, going back into my cabin… I was just so embarrassed." Tom had worked on large scale boats before, but this was his first time on a sailing yacht and being a part of a reality TV show. When asked whether he thought there was pressure to act a certain way in front of the cameras, he told Express.co.uk "it felt really natural". "I think, to be honest, I think a lot of people will feel like that, [but] for me it felt really natural, and everything you see is just me being myself. "Like it is completely authentic, that is Tom Pearson. That is me in a nutshell, a lot of my friends back home that's watching and knows me will tell you like it's just great to see me being exactly myself I didn't change. "I mean, you either thrive in the environment with cameras, or you don't like you know you're either made for TV, or you're not made for it, and you won't get it. "The camera won't grasp you, and you know your energy won't be there, which you know, you're going to find out about a few people like all throughout all the seasons or as you watch the show go on. "You'll see who really takes to it and who sort of doesn't take too," he hinted. Below Deck Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available to stream on hayu, with new episodes airing on Tuesday.