The final season of the hit Netflix series The Crown has begun casting calls for young actors who can portray Prince William and Prince Harry. The final series will explore their childhood and the death of their mother, Princess Diana. However, a Royal Correspondent has given his opinion on how the brothers will be feeling about the emotional time in their life being dramatised with Harry feeling the pressure more than his older brother Will. An official casting call for young actors interested in playing young Prince William and Prince Harry was released last week. The statement read: "Robert Sterne, Casting Director of the Netflix series The Crown, is searching for two exceptional young actors to play Prince William and Prince Harry in the next series. "These are significant roles in this award-winning drama, and we are looking for a strong physical resemblance. "Shooting will commence late August 2022 in the UK. READ MORE: Emmerdale couple Marcus Dean and Ethan Anderson torn apart by Robert? "No previous professional acting experience required. We are very experienced in providing a great deal of support for the young actors and their families through what they find is a uniquely rewarding creative process." The fifth series will explore the death of Princess Diana after she died in a car crash, where Prince William was 16, and Prince Harry was 12. The portrayal of the brothers will put the Royal family in a difficult "dilemma", Royal expert Duncan Larcombe revealed. According to Duncan, Netflix's move to cast Prince Harry will put him in a difficult position as he and his wife Meghan Markle signed a huge deal with the streaming giant in recent years. Duncan also explained that the tender moment that happened in both the Prince's lives being portrayed on screen would leave William "furious" and Harry in a "tricky" position. He told OK! in an exclusive interview: "This is a real dilemma for Harry. How can you not be so upset and angry at someone cashing in on your trauma... "Netflix can just make up conversations with the premise that it is a drama. They are basing it on history, but in order to make it something watchable, they are dramatising it. "The only two humans that know what they said to each other at the most horrendously traumatic time of their lives in them. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle and Prince Harry 'missed crucial lesson' from Queen [INSIGHT]Prince Harry suffers another PR disaster as Duke snub royal event [LATEST]Lilibet and Archie described as Sussexes' 'secret weapon' to heal rift [WATCH]  "Netflix now thinks it's acceptable to put two child actors doing it with made-up lines, what I've said about how William will feel. "Take that and double it for Harry. Harry is an emotional guy, whereas William is quite insular and shy when he needs to be." The Crown creator Peter Morgan has already confirmed that the upcoming series will be the last. In a statement tweeted by Netflix, it said: "As we started to discuss the storylines for series 5, it soon became clear that in order to do justice to the richness and complexity of the story, we should go back to the original plan and do six seasons. "To be clear, series six will not bring us any closer to present-day – it will simply enable us to cover the same period in greater detail." The Crown season six will see Imelda Staunton play Queen Elizabeth II, while Jonathan Pryce is set to star opposite her as Prince Philip. The pair took over the Royal roles for season five, which is set to be released in November 2022. The Crown season 1-4 is available to watch on Netflix.