Doctor Who's departing executive producer Matt Strevens has dropped a huge bombshell over the iconic regeneration scene which will see the current Timelord, Jodie Whittaker bidding her final farewell with her replacement soon to be revealed. As the long-running BBC show approaches its 60th birthday, the former producer has promised fans that Jodie’s final outing will be one to remember. Addressing how the show will form part of the BBC's centenary celebrations later this year, Matt explained: “When they approached Chris [Chibnall], saying: 'We'd love you to do one more – we know the production schedule's really tight, but what do you think about doing a special for the centenary of the BBC?', it was a no-brainer." When quizzed on the 13th incarnation episode which is set to unveil the new Doctor, Matt didn’t hold back on what to expect. He said: “The final story is a massive, feature-length epic – it was huge to shoot – with lots of surprises for fans of all ages." He told Doctor Who Magazine: “Jodie gets a really good send-off. “I think it will push everybody's buttons.” Meanwhile, as the long-running sci-fi series is soon to be marking its 60th anniversary, many former cast members are dusting off their time travelling boots to step back on set. Reports are emerging that: "The BBC wanted something unique to mark six decades of Doctor Who." While it hasn’t been confirmed by the BBC bosses, some have been led to believe David Tennant could be making an appearance. Besides the Scottish Broadchurch star, other incarnations of the time-travelling figure have also been rumoured to make a return with the likes of Matt Smith, Christopher Eccleston and Peter Capaldi. The episodes would be the first to be overseen by Russell T Davies who is returning as showrunner, taking over from Chris Chibnall who worked closely with Jodie. Despite the ongoing speculation, BBC fans should expect to see groundbreaking celebrations with potentially new and familiar faces making their new season debut. Speculation on who will be taking the reins from Jodie is also yet to be uncovered, with fans waiting in suspense for the all-important announcement. According to the bookmakers at William Hill, the former It's A Sin star Lydia West has been hotly rumoured to become the next Doctor with her betting at 7/2 with the firm. Sharing her thoughts on the decision, Jodie gushed over the young actor who rose to fame after her performance in Channel 4’s It’s A Sin. Speaking on Radio 1, the Huddersfield actor shared: "If we had the power to choose… “I’m going to pick an actress whom I think is really exciting and I think would be phenomenal, an actress called Lydia West.”  The TV star’s final episode as the Doctor will air next autumn, Doctor Who  officially announced. On the BBC’s official Twitter page, after announcing the move, they posted: "The epic blockbuster special will see the Doctor fight evil across the galaxy one last time but just who will she come up against in her final battle before the Doctor regenerates once more..." The ongoing series, Doctor Who: Flux, had marked her last full run as the iconic lead character and was the first outing to feature anarrative throughout all six episodes.