Cleaning guru Mrs Hinch, otherwise known as Mrs Hinchliffe, became popular after she began sharing her clever cleaning tips and recommendations online and on TV. The cleaning sensation has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of these tips includes how to remove yellow stains from pillows. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove yellow stains from her bedding and restore its white colour. Karen Yewman wrote: “Hi, what do people do to get bedding like this back to white again.” Alongside her post, she posted a photo of her pillow covered in yellow marks. Pillows turn yellow because of sweat. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent stains There are other reasons why a pillow may start to turn yellow including falling asleep with wet hair, lotions and oils on the skin, and moisture. When moisture or sweat remains on the pillow for long periods of time, the pillow will turn yellow. Luckily, the post was inundated with comments from eager cleaning enthusiasts ready to share their top tips. According to Mrs Hinch fans, using a single dishwasher tablet will help “brighten” the look of pillows. DON'T MISS: Interior designer shares ‘number one thing’ for luxurious bedroom [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [TIPS]Lawn care: The ‘spiking’ trick to remove all signs of moss  [EXPERT] Elizabeth Cremin said: “I put a dishwasher tablet in the drum with whites only and it brightens them.” Sarah Horton commented: “I use dishwasher tablets on a hot wash and mine has come back even brighter than expected.” Si An advised: “Dishwasher tablets in the washing machine drum. Worked for all my pillows and duvets.” Anne Thorne suggested: “Chuck them in the wash on a hot wash with a dishwasher tablet. You won’t believe the results.” Louise Allen wrote: “I only use dishwasher tablets to clean my pillows. It’s my holy grail cleaning product.” Nicole Marie added: “90 degrees with a dishwasher tablet, does the trick on my daughter’s school blouses.” Dishwasher tablets are great to use on stained pillows as they promise to cut through tough grease. They can be picked up from Wilko for £3 for a pack of 40. This works out as less than 8p per tablet. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using Vanish White to remove yellow stains from pillows. Michele Byrne said: “I use Vanish White on a 40 degree wash on my husband’s pillow.” Norma Charles added: “I only use Vanish White on my pillows - absolutely brilliant.”