Gregg Wallace overhauled his lifestyle after he was warned that he may be at risk of having a heart attack. Gregg Wallace credited his weight gain to a numerous unhealthy lifestyle choices. “I would be out drinking nearly every night, and I wasn’t cooking at all, hardly. “I was having lots of takeaways from Chinese restaurants, Indian restaurants.” He explained that he was partial to a Vindaloo, Saag Aloo, or naan bread. READ MORE: Michael Mosley's weight loss diet recipe: 'Scrumptious' pizza  Gregg said: “I’d have two pints of lager with a lemonade top, finish it off with a whiskey – and they were nights I considered I wasn’t drinking.” His poor lifestyle choices caught up with him and he was given a wakeup call from his doctor. "He said, ‘We’ve got to do something about your cholesterol right now, it’s sky high'.” Warned that he was “heading for a heart attack”, the 16 and a half stone self-proclaimed foodie new that he had to make some changes. The MasterChef presenter added that as part of his weight loss regime, he and his family started snacking “on a lot of fruit”. He revealed that he lost the weight through “healthy eating” rather than “restrictive”. “I don’t like diets, I tried them and found I was always hungry.” "Don’t worry about slipping up. Just try to make good choices where you can and soon they will become habits, and then your body will start to crave the good things rather than the bad things," he told the Sun. He managed to lose a whopping four and a half stone but is reluctant to reveal how long it took him, hoping to avoid playing into diet culture. “They want to know how long they’re going to have to put up with it, and that’s the wrong mindset.” Instead, the food expert believes that weight loss and health is all about making sustainable lifestyle choices. He channelled what he learnt into ShowMe.Fit with Gregg Wallace, a weight loss programme with the philosophy ‘being good most of the time is good enough’. His advice to dieters is to limit just three things: “There are three horsemen of the get fat apocalypse: takeaways, snacking and booze. That’s it. “If you can control those, you’ll lose weight.” The broadcaster also credited his new body to a rigorous exercise routine, including pull-ups, the “classic” chest press, bird dog rows, lunges and press-ups including “time under tension” variations. He told Express.co.uk that another one of his weight loss tips is simply doing enough walking. "If you're walking around all day, you can afford to be a little bit naughty. "A nice thing to do if you want to combine fitness with sightseeing is to get up in the morning, go out and jog for two minutes then walk for two minutes. You'll cover miles and miles."