The French presidential election is just over a month away, and campaigns are fully in swing. The Constitutional Council published the names of the 12 candidates who are vying to lead France for the next five years on Monday - but can any of the runners beat the incumbent Emmanuel Macron? Emmanuel Macron remains the front-runner, but he will face challenges from the left and the right sides of French politics. The war waged in Ukraine by Russia has kept the incumbent Emmanuel Macron off the campaign trail - but has still given the President a boost in support. Voters are expected to back Mr Macron, who is the more politically stable of the candidates in the face of an international crisis The war has scuppered the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, who has been stuck defending her past sympathies for Vladimir Putin. She’s also been lambasted by a family betrayal - Marion Maréchal, the niece of Ms Le Pen and granddaughter of the founder of France’s original far-right party has switched her allegiance. Instead, she will be backing anti-immigration candidate Éric Zemmour, who leans even further to the right than Ms Le Pen. Mr Zemmour, a veteran journalist who was convicted in January of hate speech, has enjoyed some unexpected success. However, his unsavoury opinions on disabled children and women have given him higher unfavourable ratings than other candidates. Ms Le Pen and Mr Zemmour have been battling it out on the far-right for months, and several high-profile defectors have left her camp since January, including European MEPs such as Nicolas Bay and Jérôme Rivière. Meanwhile, far-left Jean-Luc Mélenchon has been attempting to justify their call to withdraw France from NATO. Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen are predicted to go through to the second round, in what would be a repeat of the 2017 election.  DON'T MISSFrance and Germany unite in attack on British Airways [REPORT]Macron issues broadside claiming UK turned away Ukraine migrants [INSIGHT]Julia Hartley-Brewer rages at Brexiteers don't want to help refugees [REPORT] The election will take place on April 10 - but if no candidate wins outright, there will be a run-off on April 24. In that case, it's most likely President Macron will face Ms Le Pen in a final run-off - but experts at Smarkets believe it will be a wipeout for Mr Macron. Matthew Shaddick yold Express.co.uk: "There may be 12 candidates on the ballot paper, but the French presidential election is looking more and more like a one-horse race, with the betting markets putting Emmanuel Macron way out in front on 91 percent. “Anything other than an easy re-election for the President would count as a shock result right now. “The only question seemingly remaining for political bettors is who he will beat in the run-off, and Marine Le Pen has emerged as the clear favourite to make it into the second round, now trading at a 70 percent chance. “The presidential challenges from the right of Valérie Pécresse (one percent) and Éric Zemmour (three percent) have faded badly in recent weeks, with Pécresse tumbling from a high of 25 percent in December. “The betting markets haven't completely discounted the prospect of a left-wing challenger to Macron, with Jean-Luc Mélenchon moving up to 10 percent to make it to a run-off, although his chance of actually winning the Presidency is hovering at just one percent.”