Fern Britton, 64, has revealed she is on a waiting list to have surgery done on her knee and shoulder, due to agonising arthritis “setting in everywhere”. In a bid to keep her mind and body in good shape, the author has taken up yoga. The former This Morning host, who lost 5 stone with a gastric band surgery in 2008, said she “falls out of bed” at 8am and rolls out her yoga mat straight away. “My knee is really bad and so is my shoulder,” she said of her struggle with arthritis. “I’m waiting on a list for a surgeon to sort it out. “It’s very boring when your body starts to be in pain most of the time, but yoga helps,” Fern added to Woman&Home. Fern, who is on the cover of May's issue, also spoke about “bouncing back” after the end of a long term relationship. She was married to TV chef Phil Vickery from 2000-2020, and they share 21-year-old daughter Winnie. Fern also has twins Harry and Jack, 28, and Grace, 25, with her ex-husband Clive Jones. Speaking about her divorce, which stunned daytime TV fans, Fern admitted it takes a considerable amount of time to move on from such a long marriage. However, the mum-of-four has since begun a “new chapter” in her life. While Fern insists she has “no time for romance”, she admitted her son had encouraged her to get back into the dating world. She said she feels uncertain about looking for a potential partner but added she does miss companionship and having someone to frequently talk to. In a recent chat with Kate Thornton on her White Wine Question Time podcast, Fern discussed her “very tough and expensive” experience of IVF before she had her twin boys. "Having my twin boys was somehow miraculous because it was IVF and it was my fourth go and I was about to say, 'I can't manage anymore,’” she said. “Because anyone who has been through IVF knows the drugs and the routine and the enormity of lifting your hopes and dashing them is extreme, to say the least.” Fern added: "It's very tough. Expensive, tough and difficult, but I was so lucky to have the boys.” When her sons were both three years old Fern was left dumbfounded when she discovered she was pregnant as she thought it was a "miracle". Fern gave birth to "this beautiful little girl" called Grace with Clive, but the couple, who were married between 1988 and 1998, soon parted ways. "Unfortunately my marriage broke up when she was five months old, so that was a tricky one," Fern revealed. "So I had a year of really digging deep." You can read the full interview with Fern Britton in the May issue of Woman & Home, on sale Thursday 7 April 2022.