If President Vladimir Putin feels its invasion in Ukraine is threatened by Western sanctions, it could us AI to impact UK society and governmental departments. Samuel Bendett, an expert on Russia's AI and military, told Express.co.uk: "Russia’s most successful use of AI appears to be in information and cyber warfare, and that may impact both certain parts of UK society, as well as very specific government departments, agencies and officials. This appears to be a threat that demands more immediate attention along with the potential of AI to penetrate cyber defences in key infrastructure". Moscow appears to have used high-tech AI systems and weapons during its invasion of Ukraine, including the recent deepfake video of President Zelensky appearing to tell his troops to surrender. Photos have also emerged online of Russia's KUB-BLA drones, also known as 'suicide drones', that identify targets using AI.   Pictures of damaged drones that look to have been shot down or crashed have circulated on Twitter since the fighting started on February 24. Despite Russia's significant arsenal of AI weapons and technology systems, so far they don't seem to have been used against the West. Mr Bendett said that the Russian government and military has developed certain tactics to protect themselves from what they see as a constant cyber and information attack from the West. He added: "According to this logic, should the Russian government feel sufficiently threatened [by the West], it may use AI to send a message or even launch a more serious strike".  READ MORE: Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands Mr Bendett said Russia could see the harsh economic sanctions placed on the country by Western nations as a threat. He said: "It's not known how much the Russian economy can bend without breaking - there are different Western and Russian estimates about that". He said "it's hard to predict" but it could happen once the sanctions take a "very serious toll on the regular Russian population" and they in turn present grievances to the Russian government. DON'T MISS: Ukraine could pay 'enormous price' in peace negotiations [INSIGHT]‘Don’t know if loved ones are alive’ Ukraine MP on horror in Kyiv [ANALYSIS]NASA fears as Russia's cosmonauts 'in a fighting mood' heading to ISS [COMMENT] He said: "It is likely that Russia may launch sophisticated cyber-attacks at infrastructure and against specific agencies or individuals. "This may be in the form of a single warning strike, or a mass attack – that is difficult to predict at this point." However, he noted that so far Russia has restrained from persuing such tactics in the West. But he warned: "If the West increases its involvement in Ukraine such as attempting to close the skies, then Russia may feel that its military mission may be directly threatened, and may initiate such AI-enabled activity as a warning." 