Formula 1 returned with a thrilling opening race in Bahrain, and there is no time to waste as the sport moves onto round two with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix this weekend. It was an intriguing first event last weekend, with Ferrari back on top while Red Bull ran out of steam at the last. After securing his maiden world championship in 2021, Max Verstappen competed for the race lead with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. The two sensationally sparred on the track, exchanging the lead several times before the Monegasque driver held on. Leclerc came home with a superb victory but mechanical issues affected Verstappen’s Red Bull. The Dutchman was passed by Carlos Sainz to secure a Ferrari one-two before Verstappen’s car had to be retired. Red Bill teammate Sergio Perez hardly fared better, with his car buckling on the final lap. Their issues meant Lewis Hamilton was able to stick his Mercedes on the podium - and the Brit will be looking to win in Saudi Arabia once again after claiming the inaugural triumph in 2021. And ahead of the race, Express Sport runs you through everything you need to know. READ MORE: F1 news: Wolff hints at Hamilton and Russell clashes on the horizon DATE AND START TIME The race weekend at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit is scheduled to run from March 25 to March 27 with the race beginning at 6pm on Sunday. There will be three practice sessions - two on Friday (2pm and 5pm) and one on Saturday afternoon (2pm) - before qualifying is held at 5pm UK time on Saturday evening. Qualifying will start at 4pm on Sky Sports F1 on Saturday while the race will begin at 5:55pm on Sky Sports Main Event on Sunday. Sky Sports customers can live stream the action from Saudi Arabia via the app using their mobile, tablet or computer devices. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen’s brutally honest view on angry Bahrain GP radio callMercedes have Red Bull and Ferrari worry that may hurt Lewis HamiltonHelmut Marko calls Max Verstappen anger 'justified' in dig at Red Bull If not, you can buy a Sky Sports Day Pass from NowTV for £9.99 while Channel Four will televise highlights later in the evening. BBC Sport also has live coverage of the second race of the season across their website and 5 Live, as well as live digital coverage on the app - including audience interaction, expert analysis, debate, voting, features, interviews and audio content. Saudi Arabia Grand Prix: Standings 1. Charles Leclerc (Ferrari): 26 2. Carlos Sainz (Ferrar): 18 3. Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes): 15 4. George Russell (Mercedes): 12 5. Kevin Magnussen (Haas): 10 6. Valtteri Bottas (Alfa Romeo): 8 7. Esteban Ocon (Alpine): 6 8. Yuki Tsunoda (AlphaTauri): 4 9. Fernando Alonso (Alpine): 2 10. Zhou Guanyu (Alfa Romeo): 1 11. Mick Schumacher (Haas): 0 12. Lance Stroll (Aston Martin): 0 13. Alexander Albon (Williams): 0 14. Daniel Ricciardo (McLaren): 0 15. Lando Norris (McLaren): 0 16. Nicholas Latifi (Williams): 0 17. Nico Hulkenberg (Aston Martin): 0 18. Sergio Perez (Red Bull): 0 19. Max Verstappen (Red Bull): 0 20. Pierre Gasly (AlphaTauri): 0