David Beckham, 46, and Victoria Beckham, 47, were at home with their daughter Harper, 10, when a masked burglar gained entry and stole thousands of pounds worth of their possessions, according to reports. The couple were said to be unaware that a thief had entered their upstairs bedroom in Holland Park, West London. Their son Cruz, 17, discovered the aftermath of the burglary when he returned home from a night out, reports say. He reportedly noticed a spare bedroom had been damaged and there was glass from the broken window strewn across on the floor. The 17-year-old told his father, David, what had happened and he called the police. They both searched their home for intruders while Victoria stayed with Harper. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet The masked raider is thought to have stolen thousands of pounds worth of designer and electric goods. It is believed the thief may have been part of a gang which targeted other nearby houses on the same night. The Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to Express.co.uk: "Police were called at 00:37hrs on Tuesday, 1 March to reports of a burglary at a residential address in the W11 area of Kensington. "The burglary is believed to have taken place between 20:30hrs and 23:30hrs on Monday, 28 February. A number of items were reported stolen. "No arrests have been made. Enquiries continue." The couple are thought to be "shaken up" following the break-in. A source told The Sun: “Sadly the Beckhams were the victims of some fairly professional thieves who have been operating in the area. “Fortunately the criminals only made it as far as one bedroom before they ran off.” The source added: “The security at the house is very good, both physically and technically. “The thieves had broken through a window and darted straight back out of the same one with a small number of items. “Luckily none had a huge amount of sentimental value to the family. DON'T MISS:Liz Hurley absent from Shane Warne’s emotional memorial service [LATEST]Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [NEWS]'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [UPDATE]  “Most of the residents nearby have had to make security a significant part of their day-to-day life.” Police are thought to be analysing CCTV footage from the night. The source said that footage shows the burglar “clambering over the gate at the front of the house, before breaking through a window of a spare bedroom”. The couple previously purchased the seven-bedroom London property for £31million in 2013. The luxurious home contains two dressing rooms, a fashion runway and also has a playroom, gym, spa area, salon-style room and underground car park. The couple own three other properties, located around the world, together. It is thought that a gang of thieves have been targeting celebrities’ West London homes since 2018. 