Melissa McCarthy first gained recognition for her portrayal of lovable Sookie St. James in Gilmore Girls. The actress has since catapulted to stardom, featuring in films such as Bridesmaids and Spy. At one point during her career, the actor lost a huge five stone. The actress has received some trolling during her illustrious career that has spanned more than two decades so far. Recalling some of the harsh comments, Melissa stated: “It was so unkind. I thought, ‘Shame on you.’ "At a different point in my life, it would’ve crushed me. But it didn’t.” Melissa McCarthy previously had a clothing line, Melissa McCarthy Seven7, which sold fashionable clothes up to a size 26. READ MORE: Woman loses 7st in 10 months and shares how to keep it off   The actress said: “You know, I’ve been every size in the world, from a six to a 22 [UK 10 to 26] and it was mind-blowing how, at a certain size, clothes just became tarp with a hole in it. “If I had to do [the red carpet], everything was so mother-of-the-bride. “I couldn’t ever put anything on and be like, ‘I love this!’ All I could say was, ‘Well, it’s on and it’s not a garbage bag,” she told The Guardian. Melissa was keen to dispel the myth that plus-sized women should be hidden away, referring to this loose, dark and often drab nature of larger sized clothing. “That sends the message, ‘We don’t want to see you, and we sure as hell know you don’t want anybody to see you. And I just thought, ‘Why not?’” Melissa said she had not always felt confident in her body, and that she used to turn to “crazy diets” for rapid weight loss, which affected her relationship with her children and husband. “I’m not fun to be around when I’m on those. I’m cranky with my kids and I’m sharp with Ben.” One of the diets she tried was a doctor-supervised all-liquid diet when she first hit the big screen, losing five stone. Now she has a healthier attitude towards food and weight loss, and tries to set a good example to her two daughters, aged 14 and 11. “I want to show them how to be healthy. “My husband and I always make a pot of vegetable soup that we puree and keep in the fridge. “They don’t eat processed foods. But if my oldest daughter wants a cupcake, once in a while I’ll let her have it,” she told People magazine. Rather than going on restrictive fad diets, Melissa’s approach to weight loss is slow and steady. The actress revealed that there’s no magic secret to weight loss”: “You bring it real down, you don’t do anything fun, and you go to bed at 7:30 — that's the trick.” The actress reportedly follows the Keto diet, which is low in carbohydrates and high in fat, sending the body into a state of ketosis where the body burns fats instead of carbohydrates as its main fuel source. She took to Instagram last year posting a video of herself riding a bike, suggesting that she leads an active lifestyle and enjoys exercising. But she doesn’t appreciate the fixation society has on weight loss: "I just find it dumb and boring, I really do. No one’s asking a man, how do you keep your legs in shape?” she told AARP. Her main message is that “as long as everybody's healthy, enjoy and embrace whatever body type you have”, revealed Redbook.