A Lifton Trio lift which can carry a wheelchair is due to be installed at Balmoral for the Queen to get up and down the stairs with ease as she struggles with her physical frailty, the Sun has reported. The Queen has been pictured of late with a walking stick and even spoke of her struggles during an engagement saying “as you can see, I can’t move”.  It was reported that the monarch had to pull out of the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey last Monday for her own comfort as she would have struggled with the journey and standing during the engagement. The memorial for her late-husband Prince Philip is scheduled for Tuesday March 29 and it has been suggested that the Queen may have to reluctantly pull out. The Queen who turns 96 next month is resolute on attending her late husband's memorial service, but due to her struggles with her mobility it is thought she may be using a wheelchair in order to attend. The monarch is said to be deeply uncomfortable with any images of her in a wheelchair which not only stems from disliking the image of frailty it would show but also due to the memory of her sister Princess Margaret. Royal aides are keen to not allow pictures of the Queen to be taken that are akin to those of Princess Margaret six months before she died.  The Princess was pictured at the Queen Mother’s 101st birthday event in a wheelchair with her arm in a sling after suffering from numerous strokes. Margaret was famously known for her elegance and glamour and the Queen was said to be deeply uncomfortable and unhappy that the pictures of her sister were taken and published. A palace source said: “It’s a haunting image and not one the Queen remembers fondly.” A source recalled the event to the Daily Mail and said: “The optics were terrible. It was supposed to be about the Queen Mother but all anyone saw was a sadly declining Princess Margaret.” Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine told the Sun: “Understandably, the Queen doesn’t want to be seen in a wheelchair. READ MORE:Putin turmoil as Russian soldiers 'refuse to come home' “But as the Head of State and someone who wants to be seen and needs to be seen, she might concede to a wheelchair. “The best way of doing that is to make sure there are no photographs taken.” To please the Queen and to not overshadow the event in honour of Prince Phillip, plans are being drawn up to get the Queen to the memorial without being seen in a wheelchair, reports claim. Sources have said that royal aides are looking into a 15-minute helicopter journey from Windsor to Buckingham Palace where the Queen would be driven to Westminster Abbey to a sealed off area. DON'T MISS:What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? (REVEAL)Boris boost as Ukraine favours UK military pact over NATO- poll (POLL)Max Verstappen passes two-word verdict on revised Bahrain track limits (COMMENT)   Sources revealed to the Sun that an option to keep her privacy is to erect six-foot privacy screens to prevent photographers taking her picture as she exits the car. Senior aides are evidently concerned about the Queen walking or being on her feet during any part of the event. It has been suggested that tradition is moved aside for the Queen’s comfort and having her in place before the audience comes in. Royal biographer Penny Junor spoke on the future engagements of the Queen: “I don’t think we will see her out and about as much as it’s quite clear her mobility is challenged.” 