Buddy, an 11-year-old Springer Spaniel, suffered a lower leg fracture and had to have his limb amputated when he was hit during a walk on the outskirts of Bangor, Gwynedd, two weeks ago. His devastated owner Bob Hutchinson is now calling for a speed limit for cyclists on the multi-user path, which is used by dog walkers, families and mothers with prams. The 74-year-old told North Wales Live: “He was just ahead of me, slightly to my right, when the cyclist zoomed past me. “We had no idea he was coming. "When he hit Buddy, the dog yelped loudly. “The cyclist dismounted and there was an altercation – he claimed he’d rung his bell, but none of us heard it.” Buddy was able to limp home with Mr Hutchinson and was later taken to the vets when he was unable to put weight on his damaged leg. The dog had an X-ray which showed he had a lower leg fracture. Mr Hutchinson was given three options - to have his beloved pet put down, to have an operation or to remove Buddy's leg. READ MORE: Tiny puppy who couldn't use back legs dumped in rucksack in woods  The devastated pensioner said: “They told me the operation would have to take place elsewhere and it might not work. “I was worried about long-term problems and I didn’t want him to suffer, so I went for amputation. “When the limb was removed, the vet said the ankle joint was so badly shattered, an operation wouldn’t have succeeded anyway.” DON'T MISSRSPCA must prosecute Zouma for cat cruelty, says CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Dog stuck underground for nearly three DAYS is freed [INSIGHT]RSPCA in desperate bid to find homes after gerbils had SIXTY babies [PICTURES] Mr Hutchinson now wants to see a crackdown on cyclists speeding on the multi-use path. He said: “For many walkers, it’s become a frightening experience. “A majority of cyclists are courteous but some are incredibly arrogant. “From Glasinfryn to Bangor Dock it’s all downhill all the way and on some sections, cyclists can reach speeds of 30-40mph. “Some of them use it as a race track. It’s crazy and it’s frightening. "If they’re going at the speed, you’ve no time to react and often you won’t even hear them coming. “It’s beautiful around here, with woods at the side of the path, but if children run out when a cyclist is coming, there could be a really serious accident.” Additional reporting by Andrew Forgrave. 