Mohamed Salah is understood to have reported for Liverpool training before lunchtime, just hours after he endured World Cup play-off heartache with Egypt against Senegal. The Pharaohs were beaten on spot-kicks by their rivals for a second time in as many months as they crashed at the final hurdle on the road to Qatar following a 1-1 draw over two legs. Unfortunately, Salah was forced to shoulder some of the blame after he skied his penalty from 12 yards before watching team-mate Sadio Mane fire the winner. However, it appears the forward wants to get back to business with Liverpool pronto to avoid dwelling on the disastrous defeat. The Times claim Salah was back on Merseyside and at Kirkby for training before lunchtime on Wednesday, despite the match in Senegal finishing late on Tuesday evening. A private jet was on hand to whizz Salah back to the North West from Dakar after the agonising blow. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee The 29-year-old opted to take the first penalty this time around after failing to take a kick in the Africa Cup of Nations final shootout in Cameroon. But as he stood waiting for the referee's whistle, a dozen lasers were flashed in his eyes - therefore putting him off. Salah's penalty flew over the bar and into orbit before two of his other Egyptian team-mates also fluffed their lines. Senegal then booked their ticket to the finals thanks to penalties from Ismaila Sarr, Bamba Dieng and Mane. DON'T MISSKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attemptMan Utd 'have now interviewed two other candidates' in addition to Erik ten HagBarcelona have two dream signings after 'agreeing five-year contract' with Raphinha Liverpool return to action on Saturday afternoon when they face Watford at Anfield (12:30pm). The Reds will be looking to keep the pressure on Manchester City and can go to the top of the table with victory over the Hornets. City travel to Burnley on Saturday (3pm) in what could prove to be a real test of their nerve. While Liverpool are playing down their prospects of a clean sweep, Jurgen Klopp's side remain on course for the quadruple. They know their destiny is in their own hands as they gear up for a bumper April schedule. The title challengers travel to Benfica after Watford before a six-pointer with Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. Benfica then visit Anfield before Liverpool face City once again in the FA Cup semi-finals at Wembley. Manchester United will also be looking to derail Liverpool's title hopes when they visit Anfield later in the month...