Weeds are irritating. They ruin the harmony of your lawn and sap essential nutrients from your prize flower beds. Nicole Lairdis a Peterborough-based cut flower grower, allotmenteer, and dahlia queen, explained how she tackles her weeds. She grows stunning blooms in her garden and keeps her over 17k followers clued in on how she does it on her Instagram account @nicoleatcherrygarden. The gardener shared her clever strategy to keep on top of weeds, a consistent battle for gardeners. Nicole, who has appeared on Gardener's World and is also the host of the Let's Grow Girls podcast, told Express.co.uk she keeps on top of weeds "little and often". READ MORE: 'I have very, very few weeds to deal with': Gardening expert's tip She also detailed the importance of getting rid of weeds before a vital stage in their growth. Nicole said: "To keep on top of weeds in general, the best strategy I have found is to weed little and often to keep on top of them before they take over." Nicole incorporates a tool into her downtime in the garden, killing two birds with one stone. Nicole said: "I like to use a hoe for the beds when I do my morning or evening walk through the garden." DON'T MISSMark Lane solution to kill weeds 'into the roots' on path or patio [GARDEN] 'No-dig' gardening expert on weeds [METHOD] ‘Perfect’ baking powder solution to kill weeds on your path [MARK LANE] The gardener urges Britons to make sure weeds don't flower to stop them proliferating. She said: "To stop them spreading, get to them before they start flowering and setting seed." If weeds begin to flower, this is the moment they will begin to reproduce. Some choose to keep and cultivate pretty flowering weeds, but not all. Which plants count as flowering weeds? Nicole uses a specific tool in the garden, hailing from Japan. She uses a hori hori knife, a knife created especially for digging in the garden. She claimes the tool, which looks like a knife with a curved, shovel-like blade, "deep into the ground tackling as much of the root as possible". Other popular methods of tackling weeds include sprinkling them with bicarbonate of soda or burning them.