Cristiano Ronaldo's agent is reportedly 'fighting a losing battle' in trying to get the Manchester United star to stay at Old Trafford beyond this summer. Ronaldo was a surprise omission from United's squad to face City last weekend. Ralf Rangnick later detailed that Ronaldo had picked up an injury, but reports soon indicated the forward was in fact overlooked by the United boss to start against City. It's been far from the fairytale return for Ronaldo which was heralded by United fans last summer. Despite scoring 15 goals in all competitions, including six in as many games in the Champions League, he's come under some scrutiny for his performances in the Premier League. And it appears as though Ronaldo's return to United could be shortlived with a move away from Old Trafford increasingly likely. JUST IN: Ronaldo injury woes heighten in claims Man Utd 'didn't sanction' trip  According to The Sun, Ronaldo is 'still furious' with Rangnick after being told that he would be used as a super-sub against City. The report claims that Ronaldo then announced he was suffering a hip problem before being left out of the matchday squad entirely. Ronaldo then took an unsanctioned trip to Portugal and has reportedly been locked in talks with agent Jorge Mendes. It is said that Mendes has so far failed in trying to 'calm Ronaldo down' over his supposed Manchester derby snub. DON'T MISS  And Ronaldo is 'increasingly intent' on leaving this summer with the United hierarchy fully aware of the superstar forward's plans. The 37-year-old signed a two-year contract when he moved back to United last summer in a blockbuster transfer. But Ronaldo will almost certainly force an exit should United fail to finish inside the top four. The Red Devils currently trail rivals Arsenal by one point in the race for the final Champions League spot, but Mikel Arteta's side also have three games in hand. And United could drop as low as seventh this weekend if they lose to Tottenham. Rangnick has hit back at any suggestions that Ronaldo's hip problem, which forced him to miss the Manchester derby, was fake. "I have to believe my medical department," Rangnick said. "My doctor came to see me on Friday morning before training and told me Cristiano Ronaldo cannot train because of some problems with his hip flexor and the same was true on Saturday and that's why he couldn't be part of the squad."