The 19th season of NCIS will continue next Monday with long-term boss Director Leon Vance (played by Rocky Carroll) joining the team on their next case. Although fans of the CBS drama are excited to see his next rare foray into the field, some concerning clues in the new sneak-peek have teased some devastating consequences. Director Vance could witness a tragic death in his family and perhaps quit the team in the next episode of NCIS, First Steps. In the latest trailer, Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) is pulling double duties as an investigator and a babysitter for Vance’s daughter. This will be the first time Kayla Vance (Naomi Grace) will join the team out in the field after she was confirmed to have started training as an agent earlier in the season. Unfortunately, her involvement in the mission goes sideways when she’s kidnapped, and her father is forced to take action. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The official synopsis reads: “As NCIS investigates the cause of death of a reservist Navy Seal surgeon, they’re forced to bring Vance’s daughter, Kayla, who recently trained with NCIS, to help with a highly dangerous mission.” Agent Torres is clearly not pleased when Kayla accompanies the task force in their latest murder investigation. “You’re not getting so much as a paper cut on my watch,” an annoyed Nick tells Kayla. However, despite his protests, the agent leaps into action when an unknown assailant pulls her into the back of a van. Although some have speculated Kayla could eventually be made a permanent member of the team, this episode could also prove to be her father’s darkest hour. Recently released images have already confirmed Director Vance will be taking on a dangerous new role as he joins Nick in the field. Both NCIS regulars are looking deadly serious as they peer around a corner, apparently both clutching handguns. Hopefully, their mission will prove successful, but the final shot at the end of the teaser could suggest otherwise. DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla season 2: Star hints return despite death [SPOILERS]Outlander’s Caitriona Balfe shares concerns over playing Claire [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul’s Bob Odenkirk opens up on set collapse [LATEST] Vance closes the trailer by giving a stricken look as the music swells. While this may just be the moment the director is informed of her daughter’s kidnapping, he could also be learning of a life-threatening injury - or even her death. Now he knows his family is at risk, he may decide to pull back from his duties to ensure he’s not emotionally involved in the team’s next missions. If Kayla is killed off, he’ll surely need a break from the NCIS to grieve her loss. Alternatively, she could survive the mission and become a more permanent member of the team. If so, Naomi joining the regular cast could be a way to ensure Kayla’s father’s presence is still known if he starts making more sporadic appearances. No announcements have been made about actor Rocky’s plans with the show moving forward, so fans will just have to wait and see what the next episode has in store. NCIS season 19 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced.