The letter "s" from the recently unveiled Old Bells End sign at Delph and Dobcross Cricket Club in Oldham disappeared on Sunday. Now the owner of the Old Bell Inn pub and restaurant after which it is named, is appealing for its return. Phil Whiteman told the Manchester Evening News: "The pub is about 50 yards down the road from the club, so this year I thought it would appropriate to sponsor that end of the ground. "I knew we'd get some stick when we named it, but it was all lighthearted. Now though, somebody has decided to steal the letter 's'. "It's all a bit of a laugh, but I do want that want that 's' back. These signs don't come cheap nowadays. "I hope it's a local that's stolen it for a laugh and that they'll return it soon, but I'll give it a week or so and if it's not turned up by then I'll replace it."  A post by the Old Bell Inn about the theft on its Facebook page led locals to crack a few jokes. One wrote: "You were asking for that one to be fair." Another quipped: "Oh what a hame. Who could have po__ibly done _uch a _elfi_h thing? Hope they catch the little _hit." MailOnline sports correspondent Mike Keegan tweeted: "Local club @delphcricket are (understandably) desperately searching for the thief who stole the letter 's' from this sign at their ground."  READ MORE ABOUT CHANGES TO SICK PAY RULES Another Twitter user joked: "It was asking to be pinched wasn't it." Steward Robert Gardner said club bosses would check CCTV at the ground in a bid to find the culprits, but admitted that at this early stage there were not many clues. He added: "It's probably kids. It's come up in a lot of people's conversations." But he vowed that the sign will be sorted before the start of the cricket season next month when players return to the club, which was established over 100 years ago.  DON'T MISS: Sick pay rule changes in full: When will the new measures come in? [REVEALED] Dr Shola in incredible attack on Queen 'day of reckoning for royals' [LATEST] 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches [REPORT] The club, which is in Huddersfield Cricket League, has more than 100 members, is home to three senior teams and has seen a number of professionals pass through its doors. Mr Gardner said: "We've got some very good youth teams as well - a lot of potential, professional cricketers coming up."  Pros include cricketing legend Sonny Ramadhin, who Mr Gardner said played for the club in the 1960s. The Trinidadian spin bowler of Indian origin is credited with helping the West Indies to their first Test match win in England. He played for Trinidad and Tobago from 1950 until 1953 and saw success with Lancashire in 1964. Mr Ramadhin and his wife June ran the White Lion pub in Delph, Saddleworth, from 1965 to 1990. 