Queen Elizabeth II, 95, returned to her in-person royal duties on Monday as she met Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Her Majesty had an audience with the leader of the Commonwealth nation at Windsor Castle. She discussed Russia’s invasion of Ukraine with Mr Trudeau, who is in the UK for talks over the war with the Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his Dutch counterpart Mark Rutte. However, even she is involved in the occasional controversy, as a recent documentary highlighted. During Channel 5’s ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’, royal experts looked back at a notorious photograph of the Queen, the Queen Mother and Princess Margaret taken in 1980 at the Queen Mother’s Royal Lodge residence to commemorate her 80th birthday, each woman wearing matching bright blue dresses. While the photo is a touching tribute to the past, it was savaged by royal commentators. Daily Mirror columnist Susie Boniface brutally quipped: “They’re dressed as though they’re in Cadbury wrappers like Quality Streets or something.” According to historian Tessa Dunlop, the royal women looked as if they were part of the US sci-fi flick, ‘Star Trek’. She said: “They look like they should be bit parts in ‘Star Trek’ to be honest. “The Queen is looking really serious as though she is about to land the Starship Enterprise. “The Queen Mother has been possessed by Archangel Gabriel. “She’s got this white halo around her head. After all, nobody is going to say a rude word about the Queen Mother post-1945 “As for Margaret, she is still seducing with those violet blue eyes.” DON'T MISS: 'Level of cruelty' Queen and Royal Family sensationally accused of failing to help Harry [LATEST]Royal Family: ‘William lowest I’d seen him’ Prince's Harry and Meghan anguish exposed [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU support Prince Charles' plans to 'slim down' the British monarchy? [ANALYSIS] Curator and writer Susanna Brown added: “It could almost be an album cover for a band from the early Eighties.” The photograph was taken by Norman Parkinson, a well-known photographer who worked for Vogue magazine. Trusted by the Royal Family, he had taken photos of them on many other occasions. According to Mr Parkinson’s former associate, photography expert Terrence Pepper, he wanted to shoot the royals in matching outfits and have the emphasis on their faces, rather than their clothes. He said: “In the past, the Queen Mother had been photographed with her daughters, but they would all be wearing clothes and it was hard to concentrate on the people themselves. “So, he came up with this idea that all three members of the family were wearing the same neutral garments and so the concentration of the photograph would be on their faces.” ‘Secrets of the Royal Palaces’ is available to stream on My5.