Addressing viewers on Thursday's Steph's Packed Lunch, Steph McGovern explained she and the rest of the team on the chat show would be having a "day off" on Friday. The opening ceremony of the Winter Paralympics will begin on Channel 4 at 11.30am and is scheduled to run until 1.40pm, meaning the presenter's lunchtime programme will have to be taken off the schedule. The Winter Paralympics is kicking off on Friday following the conclusion of the Winter Olympics last month. Closing her show today, former BBC Breakfast presenter Steph, 39, told viewers: "Now tomorrow we're off air - we've got a day off. "Because it's the opening ceremony of course of the Winter Paralympics which we will be covering live here on Channel 4. "So here's a sneak peek of what we've got in store for you next week." READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Previews showed how the broadcaster will be chatting to Paula Wilcox, Amanda Lamb, Kacey Ainsworth and Michael Perry next week. Also on the show will be a man whose gambling addiction led him to bet £58,000 on a single horse. Also on Thursday, Steph took to Twitter to announce more news about the show. In view of her 421,000 followers, she penned: "Eeee I can’t believe it. "Am absolutely buzzing to be nominated for ‘Best Presenter’ at the Royal Television Society Awards!! "@RTS_media Right, time to take down @joelycett and @munyachawawa, which is a shame because I quite like them both." (sic) The official Twitter account for the show also shared the post, with fans of the programme quick to comment on the nomination. Mike Trebble wrote: "It's well deserved. Programme is excellent for the time of day and 100% better than alternatives on at the same time." DON'T MISS... The Dog House fans outraged as dog snubbed over 'lack of connection' [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little issues warning about Neville future [VIDEO]The Chase: Bradley Walsh gobsmacked over 'brutal' performance [LATEST] Elizabeth Scott penned: "Yah! Well done Steph! Congrats! Your show is brilliant." "Steph all the way!!!" JayJay commented. Mary Purdie remarked: "Well deserved Steph. Great show and good luck." "Awww brilliant news well deserved too," @seasiderlinda1 shared. Kath Mcstea added: "Wouldn't expect any other... Go smash it." On Thursday's show, Steph chatted to Death in Paradise star Ralf Little as well as ice skating champions Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean. To mark World Book Day, the show also provided tips on how to get children into reading. The insightful show sees Steph chatting to celebrity guests, chefs and members of the public to share personal stories, but fans will have to wait until Monday's episode for more. Steph's Packed Lunch airs weekdays at 12.30pm on Channel 4.