Premier League chief executive Richard Masters has issued a brutal response to fresh speculation surrounding a European Super League. The highly-controversial breakaway format was swiftly scrapped following public uproar last April and, amid reports of a potential revival, Masters was quick to dismiss talk of a new proposal.   Last spring saw the Premier League's so-called 'Big Six' announce their intentions to join forces with some of Europe's elite and create a closed-shop competition. However, Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Tottenham were all widely condemned for their involvement and intense backlash saw plans shelved. The six clubs all contributed to a £22million sanction payment in June as well as agreeing to a potential £25m fine and 30-point deduction should they look to pursue the idea again. Despite talk of the breakaway subsiding, the notion resurfaced on Thursday following reports that Barcelona, Juventus and Real Madrid were keen to resurrect plans. JUST IN: Arsenal's spectacular XI next season with three new signings and William Saliba However, Masters was quick to quash fresh speculation that the concept will take off again. "I'm not worried," he told the Financial Times Business of Football Summit. "I’ve many other things to worry about. That’s not one of them. “The European Super League was over and done in 48 hours in this country, thanks to the fan backlash and all sorts of people getting involved. “I’ve never known football so united that it was during that 48-hour period, but really the idea defeated itself, it was so poorly executed.” DON'T MISSCristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG [REPORT]Man Utd have 'submitted transfer offer' as Harry Maguire faces being replaced[GOSSIP]Man Utd’s amazing XI if Carlo Ancelotti takes over and signs three players [OPINION] The move has also drawn heavy criticism from UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin, who accused the trio of clubs reportedly leading the scheme as using Russia's invasion of Ukraine as a distraction. “I’m sick and tired of speaking of this non-football project," Ceferin declared. “Look, first they launched their nonsense of an idea in the middle of a pandemic; now we’re reading articles every day that they are planning to launch another idea now in the middle of a war. “Do I have to speak more about those people? They obviously live in a parallel world.  "And while we are saving players together with other stakeholders, while we are working to help in a terrible situation, they work on a project like that.” Ceferin's scathing response came hours before Juventus president Andrea Agnelli was expected to lay out fresh plans for the breakaway league. Spanish champions Atletico Madrid and Italian pair AC Milan and Inter Milan were the three other clubs who made up the dozen teams involved in last April's proposal.  