John Barnes has sensationally claimed that Manchester United ace Marcus Rashford would be 'a good fit' for Liverpool - but admits he doesn't see the need for the Reds to add him or anyone else to their attacking options following the arrival of Luis Diaz. Liverpool stunned Tottenham by sealing an eleventh hour deal for Diaz, who was prised away from Porto for an initial £37million. The Colombian attacker was a long-term for the Reds, who accelerated their plans for a summer deal in the wake of Tottenham's January interest. With Diaz now on the books, Liverpool now boast an embarrassment of riches in their attacking ranks - but that hasn't stopped speculation over further attacking additions. And Barnes has hit out at those claims, insisting that the Reds don't need to add to their squad after Diaz's arrival last month. JUST IN: Chelsea may sign Barcelona star if Christensen moves to Nou Camp "There are lots of players who’d be a good fit for Liverpool, but it’s just pure speculation," Barnes told BonusBetCodes. "Marcus Rashford would fit in at Liverpool, but he’s not coming. "Liverpool haven’t been in for Bowen and he hasn’t said he wants to leave. As far as I know they haven’t made an enquiry. He’s a good player but when you pick players out of the air and say ‘would they be a good fit for Liverpool?’ it’s pointless. It’s just a load of noise. "Liverpool still have Jota, Firmino, Mane, Salah, Origi’s still there and Diaz has come in. How many people do they need for the front three?" With Diaz's arrival and the emergence of Diogo Jota this term, the far more likely scenario is that Liverpool will be looking to ship out members of their squad in the summer. Divock Origi has been on the periphery at Anfield for some time now - despite developing a priceless habit of bagging in big matches. Takumi Minamino is another member of the Reds squad who is seemingly destined for a summer exit - despite Klopp claiming the ace had his 'best game' for the Reds in midweek. The Japanese international grabbed the headlines during Liverpool's 2-1 win over Norwich in the FA Cup on Wednesday night. Minamino's double booked the Reds their spot in the quarter-finals of the competition for the first time under Klopp. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ However, the 27-year-old wasn't handed a chance to impress when Sadio Mane and Mohamed Salah were absent for a month at the Africa Cup of Nations. And with Diaz adapting so quickly to life in the Premier League, it's looking more and more likely that Minamino will be the odd man out.