Craig Revel Horwood, 57, has revealed that judges on Strictly Come Dancing get two days’ pay even if they only work one. The TV star gave fans an insight into his earnings during the opening night of his The All Balls And Glitter Tour. The event took place at Cheltenham Town Hall and saw Craig make a surprising admission about his on-screen job. The Sun quoted Craig as saying: “We got paid for Saturday and Sunday but now I only have to do one day and get paid for both. “Thank you for paying your TV Licences. “I have got a huge Manor House. I love it.” Craig recently revealed he had been rehearsing for his tour at a location in Central London. The Strictly judge replied on Twitter to a message from a fan who spotted him out and about and was “starstruck”. The fan wrote: "@CraigRevHorwood I was in London today on a short break and I’m sure you walked passed me, up towards China town in a black tracksuit. “Would love to know if it was definitively you as I was a bit starstruck! “If it was, I wish I had asked for a pic with you!” Craig replied: “Yes, I’m in London rehearsing my All Balls and Glitter Tour!” Other fans seemed thrilled over the prospect of seeing Craig live on tour. K1mfoz said: “Looking forward to seeing it next week!” DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [UPDATE]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [INSIGHT]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [LATEST] Fire_bird10 added: “See you on the Isle of Wight very soon.” Qprchelle penned: “Can’t wait to see you on the 31st March.” Craig also shared an update earlier this month on whether he will be taking his seat on the Strictly panel again this year. Speaking with It Takes Two presenter Rylan on BBC Radio 2, Craig said: “I’m definitely coming back. I signed for two years, that's unusual. “Usually it’s every year and we don’t know what’s happening ever. “I do obviously keep my Saturdays in the lead up to Christmas free. But I’m definitely coming back and I can’t wait,“ Craig added. He continued: “Last year was just extraordinary with people like Rose [Ayling-Ellis] and John [Whaite] all of it was so good. “It was fantastic and I’m loving you, can I say, on It Takes Two.”