Manchester United are reportedly ready to offer Antonio Rudiger a contract worth up to £300,000-a-week to steal him away from Chelsea amid uncertainty over his future at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are currently unable to negotiate new contracts with their current players and are effectively under a transfer ban until a new owner takes over the club.  Sanctions have been placed on Roman Abramovich, which also prevent Chelsea from selling matchday tickets to non-season ticket holders. Chelsea have set a deadline of Friday for prospective bids and there are a host of potential owners ready to step in. If a takeover is swift, Chelsea may be in with a chance of keeping Rudiger at the club. It's been suggested that Rudiger's preference is to remain at Stamford Bridge, but his hands are tied given the club's current situation. With a new owner, they would be able to enter negotiations with Rudiger on a new contract. But with just a few months left on his contract, the Germany international is already attracting plenty of interest from around Europe. JUST IN: Man Utd's Champions League exit shows next boss has Maguire problem  Paris Saint-Germain and Real Madrid are said to be leading the race for his signature and both clubs have been able to freely hold discussions with the player since January. English clubs are prohibited from holding talks with Rudiger until he becomes a free agent in the summer. But GiveMeSport claim United are still very much interested in signing the central defender from their rivals. The report states that Rudiger is 'leaning towards' leaving Chelsea in favour of a new venture. DON'T MISS  United would reportedly be willing to offer him wages in line with the highest-paid players at Old Trafford. And their main 'motive' behind chasing Rudiger's signature is to provide competition for places amid concern over Harry Maguire's form. However, it's suggested that Rudiger has some concerns over joining United due to their managerial situation. It appears to be between Erik ten Hag or Mauricio Pochettino to take over at Old Trafford in the summer. And whoever comes in will have a host of changes they will need to make with a host of players out of contract.