Emma Raducanu has played down people's expectations after winning just her second match of the season and her fourth since becoming US Open champion. The 19-year-old stunned the world by winning the US Open as a qualifier last year and admitted criticism of her "poor" results came from unrealistic assumptions about her game. Raducanu got her first ever win in Indian Wells on Friday and her second victory of the season over Caroline Garcia 6-1 3-6 6-1. The world No 13 had been plagued by injuries and niggles, testing positive for Covid over the off-season before suffering severe blistering at the Australian Open and a recent leg injury that forced her to retire and withdraw from tournaments in Guadalajara and Monterrey. But she managed to bounce back in Indian Wells and defeat the former world No 4 in straight sets to get her first win in the Californian desert after playing the event fresh off her US Open win last year and losing to then-world No 100 Aliaksandra Sasnovich. It was a much-needed victory for Raducanu whose sole match win came at the Australian Open earlier this year when she beat fellow US Open champion and former world No 3 Sloane Stephens in three sets. JUST IN: Andy Murray reaches major career milestone after surviving early scare  But speaking after her win in the Californian desert, Raducanu admitted she thought expectations of her results had skyrocketed after the US Open, where she won the title as the world No 150 and became the first qualifier in history to win a Grand Slam. “I feel like that probably happened after the US Open," she said. "I think everyone just suddenly expected me to win everything, and clean up everything I played." The 19-year-old was happy to take the losses and follow a more stable path to the top after her unprecedented rise last summer and showed just how early she still was in her career as she admitted her Australian Open win would have had huge significance before she was propelled into the upper echelons of the game. DON'T MISSDjokovic picks next tournament after visa exception refusedIndian Wells star produces 'slowest ever ace' putting Kyrgios to shameNadal explains 'difficult' view as Zverev avoids ban for umpire tirade   She continued: "But realistically before that, if you would have said to me last year, Emma, what is your goal for the year? I’d be like, Okay, I want to win one round in the main draw of a Grand Slam. I did that in Australia. "That to me last year probably would have made my year, to be honest." The US Open had been Raducanu's fourth ever professional tournament, and the Bromley teenager did not win a match outside of a Grand Slam on the regular WTA Tour until October last year in Transylvania. Currently playing her first full year on the pro tour, Raducanu hoped expectations would level out and allow her the time to catch up to her top 15 ranking having been outside the world's top 300 less than 12 months ago. She admitted: "What might be a poor result now in people’s eyes to me would have been a positive thing. "I think I need to keep reminding yourself of that, not getting sucked in. "I feel like now people are starting to realize it’s going to take some time for her to settle in. I feel like patience is a big thing. Once I settle in and go through all these highs and lows, I’ll find some sort of equilibrium." Raducanu will be hoping to continue building her game as she faces the challenging former world No 14 Petra Martic in the next round.