The Apprentice's candidates have been filmed throughout the season of the BBC One corporate competition telling Lord Alan Sugar why they deserve to be his next business partner over the competitors. Dessert parlour owner Harpreet Kaur made it clear from day one she wanted the £250,000 investment from the business magnate. Her grit and determination paid off on Thursday night when she was hired by Lord Sugar, but the Yorkshire entrepreneur admitted the process was "really tough". Lord Sugar declared Harpreet the winner of The Apprentice on Thursday evening after choosing to go into business with her over online pyjama brand owner Kathryn Burn. Harpreet won the investment which she will pour into her dessert business, currently named Barni's Desserts, which she launched in Huddersfield in 2018. Lord Sugar will be going into business with Harpreet as well as her sister Guvinder Kaur who is part of the business too. While he has not yet met Guvinder, Harpreet told Express.co.uk and other media: "He's getting two for the price of one so why would you not want that?"  READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?   Harpreet revealed "it was a dream come true" to win the series and credits putting "110 per cent" into the entire process as being the reason for her success. However, the businesswoman also opened up on how "difficult" the series was from start to finish. "I had the shock of my life when I got there," Harpreet explained while reflecting on the experience. "I thought this was going to be easy and I could smash these tasks but when I got there the exhaustion, the difficulties of the tasks, you don’t know anyone who is around you when you are trying to work as a team, the intensity of the cameras, everything is more full-on than you could have ever imagined.   "I found it really difficult and because I was so focused and took it so seriously because I wanted to win I could not relax. "It’s really hard to do that when you are literally running on exhaustion but I did it and I believe that focus and determination and drive got me through. "But it’s definitely tough, it is easily the hardest thing I have ever done by far." She went on to explain other candidates were the only people who could understand what she was going through during the series. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice candidate talks 'making history' in final [LATEST]The Apprentice candidate details 'absolutely savage' interview [EXCLUSIVE]‘Humiliated!’ The Apprentice star not invited to finale spin-off [LATEST]  "You’re really vulnerable, you’re really stressed and we still make friendships around that, and that's the strongest bond you can have" Harpreet revealed. During the tasks, Harpreet was referred to as "bossy" at times by her fellow hopefuls for her no-nonsense approach on the show. Reflecting on how she handled working with the other contestants, Harpreet said: "I might be upfront but I believe people respect that because they know where you stand. "I had to go for it all guns blazing as Lord Sugar does not want someone who isn’t confident, [who] can’t make a quick decision.    "You have to be confident and you have to believe in yourself and your ideas." Although Harpreet exuded confidence on screen, she admitted she used to be a very quiet child who often had her head in a book. She confessed she did not realise how directed she was until she watched the series back. Harpreet added: "It’s very interesting to watch it back because I hope people realise that is not the only side to my personality. "We were stressed, it was intense and I really wanted to win so I was laser-focused." The Apprentice episodes can be streamed on BBC iPlayer.  