A fleet deployed from Crimea was due to begin an assault on Odessa beaches but the troops reportedly defied orders and turned back. Ukrainian media claims a "riot" broke out on Vladimir Putin's warships. Meanwhile, Russian helicopters and drones were flying overhead. Just before an assault was due the Russians reportedly radioed Ukrainian defenders and asked to leave the gulf. Retired Ukrainian diplomat Olexander Scherba tweeted: "Last night a large group of Russian warships was about to launch landing on Odesa beaches. "They approached the coast. "Russia was about to shell the beach. "Ukraine was about to shoot back when they suddenly withdrew. "Reports that marines from Crimea refused to attack Odesa." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin's top four countries to annex exposed The mutinous marines were from the 810th Brigade, according to Russian opposition politician Ilya Ponomarev. He wrote on Facebook: "Putin's command, indeed, planned such an operation, in which large paratroopers, you will not believe it, were going to dock to the Luzanov beach, preliminary operation on the line relationships from the backfire systems. "At the same time, enemy helicopters and a large number of UAF were flying in the Gulf. DON'T MISSUK plans for nuclear attack unveiled in Cold War Cabinet papers [ANALYSIS]China admits it ‘deeply regrets’ Putin’s invasion of Ukraine [VIDEO]Russian economy faces 'total collapse' [INSIGHT] "Ukrainian Air Force and other defenders of Odessa were preparing to give a decisive fight back to the opponent, but at the very last moment the Russians came in contact and asked to give them the opportunity to leave the Gulf. "According to our data, there was a real rebellion on Russian ships: Russian men refused to follow the order and storm the coast of the Slavic Russian-language city." Mr Ponomarev added: "Russian soldiers, take an example from your comrades!" It comes as Putin's assault on Ukraine is in its sixth day. But Russian invaders are coming up against fierce resistance from Ukrainians. A huge Russian convoy bore down on capital city Kyiv on Tuesday. Meanwhile, Ukraine accused Russia of war crimes over the bombardment of civilian areas in the second city of Kharkiv. 