Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was spotted remonstrating with two of his players on the touchline during Sunday's clash at Watford. Arsenal went into the game knowing victory would leapfrog them over Manchester United for a few hours at least. The Gunners got off to the perfect start, scoring their quickest Premier League goal of the season. Martin Odegaard and Bukayo Saka linked up well on the right-hand side before the England star set up the Norwegian to finish calmly. Cucho Hernandez scored a sublime overhead kick to bring Watford level just six minutes later. But Arsenal again took a foothold in the game and restored their lead. Saka was again involved, winning the ball back off Tom Cleverley before a one-two with Alexandre Lacazette and then firing past Ben Foster.  Arteta celebrated but then quickly stopped, calling over two of his players to the touchline. According to the Evening Standard's Simon Collings, Arteta was clearly not happy with how his team were performing. Centre-back Gabriel and goalscorer Odegaard were the two players to receive a dressing down from the Spaniard. Gabriel had a couple of shaky moments at the back and Odegaard was guilty of giving the ball away in a dangerous area when attempting a backheel. DON'T MISSBarcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Erik ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT]  Collings tweeted: "As Arsenal players celebrated that goal, Arteta pulled over Gabriel and Odegaard. Doesn't seem happy with how Arsenal have been playing - and let them know it." Gabriel has been a regular at the back alongside £50million signing Ben White. The Brazilian made a huge error last time out, gifting Wolves a goal. Odegaard has been in fine form in recent weeks but had gone 11 games in all competitions without a goal before the strike at Vicarage Road.  Arteta explained this week that despite his lack of goals, Odegaard brings a lot more to the Arsenal side. “The things that you cannot capture are, for example, the interaction and the chemistry that he has and produces with all the players on the pitch when he is there," Arteta said of the former Real Madrid ace. “How the team functions when he is there and when he is not there, that is really difficult to measure. “But it’s something that Martin is exceptional at. He makes the people around him better.  “Martin for us is a really important player — he is showing that every single week. “He’s phenomenal to work with, he’s developing areas of his game that we discussed, that he agreed, and that we believed could help him impact matches in a much more powerful way. “His whole mindset, the way he prepares himself, the way he treats people, the way he plays the game, is just exactly what we want from an Arsenal player.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here