Whether you are looking to save money on cleaning products, or switch to using only natural products in your home, your kitchen cupboards can be a treasure trove of multi-purpose ingredients you might not have thought of. One woman who knows a thing or two about cleaning is Lisa, the executive housekeeper of the five-star hotel The Grand, York. She spoke with Express.co.uk to share some of her top "spring cleaning" hacks, which could speed up and even save you money when doing your chores. Among her hacks, she recommends the use of baking soda, vinegar and citric acid found in fruits such as lemon. She explained: "Using these, rather than proprietary cleaners avoids the use of harsh chemicals, which means that they are a more sustainable option." Though these natural ingredients are typically used in cooking, each one also has a distinct pH balance which can work wonders when it comes to cleaning. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home White vinegar is most commonly used for cleaning, though apple cider vinegar and distilled malt vinegar can also be used. Lisa told Express.co.uk: "Vinegar’s acidity is what makes it a good cleaner because it can counteract some sticky build-ups. "It can also dissolve away soap scum, brine, left by hard water, and glue left behind by stickers." Likewise, citric acid, most commonly derived from lemons for cleaning, also has grime-busting acidity. Lisa explained: "High in citric acid, lemon juice is one of the best natural cleaners due to its low PH and antibacterial properties. DON'T MISSHouse prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [MAPPED]Heating: Britons are warned against using popular DIY radiator hack [REVEALED]How to clean jewellery using 4 household objects [EXPLAINER] "Not only do lemons smell great, but they are also low cost, and they are not likely to cause damage to materials that are around the area that you are cleaning, such as fabric or wood." Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, on the other hand, isn't remotely acidic - but this works entirely in its favour. Lisa said: "When baking soda is mixed with vinegar the acid breaks down the baking soda, releasing carbon dioxide gas that can help lift dirt from the surfaces being cleaned. "Baking soda on its own is a mild alkali and can cause dirt and grease to dissolve easily in water, resulting in effective removal." Here are Lisa's top five ways to use these natural ingredients for cleaning: According to Lisa, a mix of vinegar and lemon can work wonders to remove stubborn grime from inside your microwave. She explained:"[You can] make caked-on grime easier to wipe off by heating a cup of water with several tablespoons of vinegar and a chopped-up lemon on high until the microwave window is steamy. "Let the bowl sit for five minutes before you open the door and wipe inside and clean with ease." Sometimes glasses can look "foggy" no matter how much you wash them. According to Lisa, this may be the "result of hard water minerals". She explained: "Remove the film that can build up as a result of hard water minerals, by soaking stemware in white vinegar for five minutes then rinse and dry with a microfibre cloth. " You don't necessarily have to rush to the shops and fork out for a good multi-purpose cleaner - you might have all of the ingredients tucked away at home. Lisa said: "Combine three tablespoons of baking soda and a quarter of warm water and wipe surfaces with a sponge sparkling results. "This is a DIY cleaner recipe that will make every surface gleam, and is great for the refrigerator." Light switches are a high-traffic area of your home and can end up marked and dirty over time. Cleaning them couldn't be simpler though, with just two ingredients necessary. Lisa said: "Use warm soapy water to dampen a soft cotton cloth and wipe off any smudges or fingerprints and buff the metal with a dry cloth." For those with a glass shower door, the plight of keeping it streak-free and sparkling can be an exhausting one. But, according to Lisa, a combination of three natural ingredients is a method that has been passed down generations. The hotel housekeeper explained: "The combination of baking soda, salt and vinegar has been tried and tested household cleaner for years first spray vinegar all over the bathroom glass let it sit for a few moments then mix equal amounts of baking soda and salt to make a paste. "Use a moistened sponge or rag to rub this paste on the surfaces and rinse well. "To deep clean, use a magic sponge or dryer sheets - just dampen them and rub all over the bathroom glass surface."