Netflix’s Regency romp Bridgerton returns on March 25 and will feature another eight instalments. The new series is based on Julia Quinn’s second Bridgerton novel The Viscount Who Loved Me. However, the series goes far beyond the reach of the book and will be building upon the diverse, multi-dimensional world audiences were introduced to in the first outing. The main focus of season two is expected to be the love story between Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). But much like in season one, there will be many other subplots and stories going on to keep fans entertained. Viewers will also be getting lots of character development for the whole Bridgerton clan including Eloise (Claudia Jessie) and second eldest son Benedict (Luke Thompson). READ MORE: Bridgerton season 2: What will Bridgerton series 2 be about? In season one, Benedict was embarking on a career in art while tiring as the second son of a viscount and therefore devoid of responsibility unlike his older brother Anthony. He also participated in an orgy while at the home of his artist friend Sir Henry Granville (Julian Ovenden). By the end of the first series, Benedict was canoodling with Modiste Genevieve Lacroix (Kathryn Drysdale) but from the looks of things their fling has fizzled out. The new teaser trailer showed a hint of Benedict’s arc in season two after he was pictured in a steamy clinch with an unknown lady. From the looks of it, Benedict will continue where Anthony left off as the rake extraordinaire of this series. The woman’s face is obscured but she and Benedict are in throes of passion. Fans have already started speculating about Benedict’s paramour with some suggesting it could be his love interest from the novels but others aren’t so sure. Benedict takes the lead in the third novel titled An Offer From A Gentleman and fans will see his love story play out. DON'T MISS...Why can't Anthony Bridgerton be with Siena? Break up explained [INSIGHT]Bridgerton season 1 sex scenes: When are they? A guide to skipping [EXPLAINER]Bridgerton: Will Rege-Jean Page appear as Duke amid book 2 scene? [THEORY] His love interest will be a character called Sophie Beckett in a story which starts out as a homage to Cinderella before morphing into something else. With fans quite literally and metaphorically in the dark, speculation has been running rampant on Reddit. One user called adams361 wrote: “Hopefully Ben and Sophie!” The poster added: “I know that it’s too early based on the book timeline, but it is the next season. “It would make sense to plant the seeds of the Cinderella story to get people excited about Benedict’s story.” But another normalvibezonly responded: “Lol it’s too early for that. “It’s most likely someone like Siena for Benedict, a secondary love interest before he moves onto his primary love interest.” “Yeah, but the girl Benedict (or at least I’m 100% sure that’s Benedict) is kissing in the trailer is not Sophie. “She’s apparently actress Emily Barber who was cast as the character Tessa. “I’m guessing she will be Benedict’s “Sienna” until he stumbles upon Sophie eventually.” READ MORE: Bridgerton: What happened to Edmund Bridgerton? The tragic backstory They went on to explain: “It makes sense for Benedict to be a hoe [sic] this season. “He’s fully immersed himself in the rake lifestyle at this point in the show, so they will be showing him sleeping around more with different women than they will with Anthony, who’s looking for a Missus.” Another Redditor called No_Result8381: “They might play the same storyline as with Anthony & Siana in S1… get us attracted and hooked onto Benedict so we’re all anxiously waiting for S3 just like we have been for S2 with Anthony haha [sic].” A quick look at actress Barber’s IMDb page makes no mention of Bridgerton, so it’s unclear whether she will be playing this mystery woman. Her previous credits include The Alienist, Endeavour, Call The Midwife and The Royals. For now, it looks like fans will have to wait and see if she is indeed Tessa with the screen grab too obscured to confirm the woman’s identity. Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25