La Maison de la Poutine – which means the House of Poutine – said it was named after the Quebecois dish and was “unrelated to the Russian regime and its leader”. The blue-fronted eatery near the Louvre gallery is a far cry from Moscow’s Red Square. Poutine is a classic 1950s dish comprising fries topped with cheese curd and gravy. However, some of the French-Canadian restaurant’s punters thought the dish had been named in the Russian leader’s honour. As many Western companies seek to distance themselves from Russia and Putin over his invasion of Ukraine, La Maison de la Poutine said on Friday that it had “received calls of insults and even threats” over the namesake dish. It continued: “It therefore seems necessary for us to recall that La Maison de la Poutine is unrelated to the Russian regime and its leader. READ MORE: Co-op clears Russian vodka from its shelves “Our dish was born in Quebec in the 1950s. And the stories to tell its origin are numerous. “But one thing is certain: poutine was created by passionate cooks who care about bringing joy and comfort to their customers.” The restaurant said the Russian leader had been “at the centre of chilling news” and offered “its most sincere support to the Ukrainian people, who bravely fight for its freedom, against the tyrannical Russian regime”. The confusion over the name seems to not just be limited to French diners. The day after Putin ordered troops into Ukraine, John Ross, a Canadian doctor and professor at Harvard Medical School, tweeted: “People, please stop confusing Putin and poutine.” He joked: “One is a dangerous and unwholesome mix of greasy, lumpy, and congealed ingredients, the other is a delicious food.” The French restaurant is not the only to distance itself from Russia since Putin’s military incursion began. A host of British retailers have changed the names of certain products or removed Russian goods from shelves. DON'T MISS Russian whistleblower warns Ukraine invasion will be a 'total failure' [INSIGHT] RAF fighter jets with deadly 'beast mode' ability land in UK [REVEAL] Britain will help EU and West away from Russian gas - New energy plan [REPORT] On Wednesday, Wetherspoons said that it would stop selling Russian beer, with bottles of Baltika Lager – which hail from St Petersburg – returned to the distributor. The pub chain said: “In light of the situation in Ukraine, we just felt that we could not stock it anymore.” On Thursday, Coop announced that it had removed Russian Standard vodka from its shops “with immediate effect” as the brand was “overtly marketed as being Russian”. A spokesperson for the supermarket said that Russian-made vodka would not be stocked “for the foreseeable future” as “a sign of solidarity with the people of Ukraine”. They added that a Polish alternative will be sold in its stead. On Friday, Sainsbury’s became the first supermarket in Britain to change the name of their chicken kievs to match the Ukrainian spelling of the capital. The company said that it stood “united with the people of Ukraine”, adding that it was working with its suppliers to make sure none of its products contained elements of Russian origin “to mitigate further exposure to the region”. Waitrose also said that it will remove a Russian vodka from its shelves while John Lewis will no longer sell a line of pizza oven pellets which it sources from the country.