The Queen's beloved hobby began in childhood and she, along with Prince Philip, has often been seen riding around the grounds of their Windsor Castle home. Photos of riding around her home estate have often been released by the press. But speaking to Mail Plus' Palace Confidential, royal expert Robert Hardman states that it can safely be said that the Queen has given up on her love of riding. He said: "I don't think we will see her on her fell pony again". Charlotte Griffiths, Mail on Sunday's editor, added on the podcast that the day the Queen gives up horse riding is a "major moment". Mr Hardman agrees and said: "Yes, but I can't think of many other people approaching their 96th birthday getting on a horse." Host Jo Elvin adds: "no, it's a long way up." Mr Hardman, author of the recently published ‘Queen of Our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II’, also discussed the Queen's driving and if she is still potentially behind the wheel. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Be thankful!' Meghan move takes spotlight off Kate & Will 'disaster' He said, although making note not in the past few weeks, that "she has recently, in the last year, been seen driving around the estate". He also made reference to Prince Philip's 38 miles an hours 'unusual speed limit' around the estate. In October, it was reported that the Queen had not been horse riding since early September due to "discomfort". The last time was when she was on her Scottish summer holiday at Balmoral. She was forced to stop riding until the spring over growing health concerns. READ MORE: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke of Sussex warned against digs at Kate The 95-year-old monarch was advised by doctors to rest after having specialist tests for an unexplained condition. At the time, a Balmoral source told the Sun: "She was in quite a bit of discomfort. "She adores riding and it has been a part of her ritual for most of her life." Royal insiders revealed she was "determined" to get back in the saddle as soon as possible. She was given her first pony, a Shetland pony, at four years old and her fondness grew. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT]