On Thursday, Strictly Come Dancing star Anton Du Beke revealed that Zara, 40, will form part of a group of celebrities joining the Slingsby Golf Academy 2022 as a cadet. The scheme created by Slingsby Gin, BMW PGA Championship sponsors, hopes to inspire more females to take to up the sport this summer while championing the social side of the game. The royal who normally favours equestrian pursuits, will join tennis coach Dame Judy Murray, Sky Sports Boxing presenter Anna Woolhouse and doctor and TV personality Zoe William on the golfing green. The Slingsby Gin Instagram page shared a video of host Anton making the announcement. The caption reads: "Meet the Slingsby Golf Academy Class of 2022. "We're delighted that our celebrity Golf Academy is returning for a second year to mark our continued sponsorship of @bmwpga Championship and to encourage more women to take up golf.”  It adds that the four new recruits “are ready to break down barriers”, and they will have guidance from Sky Sports Gold analyst and professional golfer Inci Mehmet to help them master the game. The Princess Royal’s daughter will go head to head with the other women to land a spot at the BMW PGA Championship in the summer. Fans were delighted with the announcement and are already anticipating which of their four cadets will make it to the big day at Wentworth on 7 September. One fan wrote: "Great to see this initiative back again, looking forward to seeing who makes it to the Pro-Am at Wentworth xx." A second added: "We are so excited to see how season 2 unfolds. Good luck to the new celebs and coaches!! Come on girls." READ MORE: Zara and Mike Tindall stay strong for Queen at Philip memorial One more said: “Superb, love Zara, great association”. Speaking of her involvement in the scheme, Olympic equestrian Zara said she was “really excited” to pick up a club and compete for the spot. She said: “Sport is such a great place to be able to break down barriers. “I am really excited to learn to play golf as part of this group, but also to hopefully show that wherever you start from, you can have a go and enjoy getting out and trying something new.” The sport is also one favoured by other members of the Royal Family including Zara’s uncle Prince Andrew. In the past, brothers Prince William and Prince Harry have also been photographed perfecting the air of their golf swing. DON'T MISS Queen gifts Royal Gibraltar Regiment new colours [INSIGHT] Princess Charlotte couldn't stop 'looking around' at Philip memorial [REPORT] Royal Family warned of resentment in Jamaica: 'Centuries of slavery' [REVEAL] One royal with a notable interest in the sport is Zara’s husband Mike Tindall. Mike retired from rugby in 2014 and has since swapped his scrum cap for a handicap as he has been focusing on his golf game. Mike hosts an annual event named the Celebrity Golf Classic to raise money for charities such as Cure Parkinson's Trust, after his father was sadly diagnosed with the disease in 2003. Mike has often been joined by his wife Zara at these charity games along with their two daughters, Mia and Lena. In January 2020, Mike revealed on Joe's House of Rugby podcast that Mia was showing a keen interest in sport. The Tindall family were among those attending a memorial service on Tuesday to honour Zara’s grandfather, the late Prince Philip. The couple were joined by their eldest daughter Mia for the event at Westminster Abbey. The Princess Royal’s daughter is one of eight grandchildren the late Duke of Edinburgh doted over. In the Abbey, the three Tindalls sat alongside Peter Phillips and his two daughters, Isla and Savannah.