Strictly Come Dancing's Nikita Kuzmin, 24, and his family moved from Ukraine to Italy when he was nine years old, giving the dancer a deep connection to the country. The dancer has taken to Instagram to thank fans for their donations as well as a statement on the "severity of the INVASION". Nikita has reached out to fans over the last week to thank them for their donations to help Ukrainian people. He also urged his followers to help spread awareness of the situation. The dancer shared a video from Ukrainian president Vlodymyr Zelenskyy, as he stated: "The whole world knows the truth. "The world hears. The whole world supports us and we feel it." READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Nikita then went on to personally thank his fans yesterday for their donations last week. He penned: "Thanks to so many of you who donated! This is why we have a platform like this. "To help and spread awareness about what's really going on. Please keep donating if you have the chance." Nikita continued: "Keep sharing information about the severity of the INVASION so we can get more help. "Don't stay silent - talk, discuss, post, donate, give accommodation, help with transport. "This is not only Ukraine's fight. This is the whole world. It's a fight for peace, for freedom." He also shared a link to UNICEF's website which has set up a fundraiser to "protect children of Ukraine". Nikita's Strictly family have also rallied around the dancer, as he took to his Instagram last week to share a picture of the Ukrainian flag. DON'T MISS... Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [COMMENT] Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband [PICTURES] JK Rowling blasted Scottish independence: 'Little Death Eaterish' [OPINION] He captioned the post in view of his 116,000 followers: "Heartbreaking". Jowita Pryzstal said: "Can't believe it! Sending my love and prayers! Stay safe!" Neil Jones added: "Such a sad day. My thoughts are with you." Dianne Buswell commented: "Sending my love, absolutely heartbreaking. Stay safe x." Nikita also recently took to the social media site to share a post dedicated to his former colleague Oti Mabuse. The former Strictly professional announced last week that she was leaving the show after seven years and two consecutive Glitterball wins. Nikita said: "You were the first person that wrote to me when I got here to do Strictly and were there the whole time, not expecting something in return! "Will miss you so much on that Strictly floor. "Wish you all the best and rock whatever is coming next!!"