It is a truism to say that if there are no restrictions on social distancing or mask wearing that a virus that spreads through aerial transmission will spread very quickly. The government knows this and, despite the dangers and huge potential for the mutation of Covid -19 into a variant that’s more dangerous than the one it replaced, has gone ahead with a policy of trying to live with the virus. As a result, case numbers are rising rapidly. They are rising so quickly that infections in the over-70s age group are the highest they’ve ever been. READ MORE: High blood pressure warning: Two drugs recalled  In pre-vaccine times this would be cause for concern. However, the Health Secretary Sajid Javid has said the vaccines are keeping up a: “wall of defence” that is keeping the situation stable. The vaccines are the government’s main strategy with regard to their living with Covid strategy; they hope that vaccines will be able to limit the spread of the vaccine enough so that restrictions aren’t necessary. It is for this reason that from today, five million people in the UK will be offered their fourth dose of the vaccine.  Although this should mark a positive and natural step for a government that has been criticised for its poor pandemic response, scientists and doctors aren’t so sure. Data shared with Express.co.uk showed that doctors were divided over whether administering a fourth dose was a wise strategy. Part of this scepticism was down to the effectiveness of a fourth jab. The vaccines currently in circulation were designed to contain the original variant of Covid-19, not the more contagious variants currently dominant in the UK. Furthermore, doctors were also worried about the presence of a vaccine gap between rich and poor nations. While the UK is moving on to its fourth dose, poorer nations are only just administering their first doses. With such low vaccination rates in these poorer countries, the likelihood of a Covid variant is much higher than in the UK. The worry is that a new variant could have more vaccine escape and result in the return of restrictions such as mask wearing and social distancing. In recent weeks a new variant has started to creep into the nation’s consciousness, Deltacron. A recombinant variant with features of Delta and Omicron, there was concern Deltacron would combine the severe illness of Delta with the transmissibility of Omicron. So far this has not been the case. For more information on Covid-19 contact the NHS or consult with your GP.