Woodland planting is all about sun-dappled glades, verdant planting and layers. I think of woodland gardens like a theatre. The upper circle are the trees, the circle are the shrubs, while the stalls are the groundcover plants, with bulbs, corms and rhizomes found in the orchestra pit. There are many trees to choose from but decide first if you want an evergreen woodland or a deciduous woodland – the two will look completely different. For a deciduous woodland or shady area in your garden, the mid layer of shrubs is sparse, while the groundcover is littered with plants such as ferns, Epimedium sp., Asarum europaeum with prima donnas basking in open glades, just enough sunlight for some brightly coloured flowers. A deciduous woodland is, in my opinion, the prettiest. Before the leaves start to appear on the trees the ground is bathed in sunlight. This gives the perfect opportunity for bulbs such as bluebell, scilla, crocus and daffodil to show off and spread to form carpets of colour. It’s also an ideal time for shade-loving shrubs such as berberis and cotoneaster to flower. Once the leaves start to emerge and the light levels drop then typical woodland plants like ferns in all shapes, sizes, textures and colours take centre stage. READ MORE: 'They were incredible': Gardener recommends sowing hardy climber now in your garden A woodland is a relaxed style of planting, with leaf litter, leaf mould, fallen logs, broken branches and rays of sunlight. You can transform a very shady area with poor soil into an extremely tranquil and relaxing woodland wonderland. Sometimes you can excite a woodland planting scheme by using plants that you would not normally equate with a shady setting which will thrive, such as alliums and lilies. Poor soil can be bulked up with woodchip or bark. Alternatively, make your own leaf mould, and once decomposed you can then scatter this around the plants in the late winter/early spring before the bulbs pop up. Woodlands take on an organic feel and appearance, but because of the dry soil conditions and the shade there may be a lot to contend with. Dry soil and shade make for some of the toughest growing conditions in gardening, but don’t let this put you off. DON'T MISSHow to grow dahlias: 'Must-have' flowers are 'extremely sensitive' [EXPERT] 'Free geranium plants': How to grow geraniums from cuttings [TIPS] Best companion flowers to grow with vegetables to deter pest [INSIGHT] Forget straight lines and go with curving borders and pathways. A lot of woodland plants self-seed, so avoid organised lines and plant at random spacings. Also, avoid planting in blocks of three or five. Instead, randomly position your plants for a naturalistic effect. A good thing is that if you don’t have the time to constantly tend your garden then a woodland garden is a great style to go with. Equally, if you love gardening then you too can create a woodland wonderland. And you don’t need an entire woodland. Through the right choice of planting and designing with plants there is something for every size garden. Afterall, we all have a shady area somewhere in our garden. For groundcover you want plants that will cover the soil and keep down the weeds. Choose Primula vulgaris or the common primrose, as well as Primula elatior or oxlip; Hyacinthoides non-scripta, the common English bluebell; Galanthus ‘Pagoda’, a snowdrop with recurved outer segments; Epimedium x warleyense, a semi-evergreen, orange- and yellow-flowered barrenwort; the rich blue flowers of Pulmonaria ‘Blue Ensign’ and the pure white flowers of Anemone nemorosa. For the mid-level choose bergenia, hosta, liriope, pachysandra and geranium. The best garden shrubs to give you that woodland look are Mahonia x media ‘Charity’, Sarcococca confusa, Aucuba japonica and Skimmia japonica. Mix in some climbers such as Hedera helix, ivy, and not only will you have a beautiful garden to look at, but the wildlife will love you for it. To give height and structure think about trees. Great choices are acer, ilex and sorbus, as all three will grow in full to dappled shade. Remember that large established trees will drink litres of water every day taking moisture and nutrients away from any plants grown around the base of a tree. Depending on the tree and the type and number of roots, will determine where underplanting can go and the competition they will have, and if the soil is going to be dry, moist, hard or soft. So, get to know the growing conditions and then select the right plants for the right place. You’ll need to keep newly planted specimens well-watered for the first year and after that they should be able to fend for themselves.