Manchester United ma6 have made a breakthrough in their efforts to appoint a new manager, with reports claiming that they have 'already interviewed' Ajax boss Erik ten Hag. It is claimed United sat down with Ten Hag on Monday to discuss the potential of him taking the job in the summer. United have had months to plan for a new manager to take the reins in the summer after it was confirmed current boss Ralf Rangnick would only be in the dugout until the end of the season on an interim basis. The German took over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer after the Norwegian's poor run of results led to him being sacked in late November with the Red Devils lying in eighth in the Premier League. Rangnick will continue in a consultancy role come the end of his managerial spell, and he may have a big say in who will be the new man at Old Trafford. Mauricio Pochettino, Thomas Tuchel and Ten Hag have all been linked with the job in recent weeks as time becomes a worry for the troubled Red Devils. But a report from the Daily Mail suggests that the Dutchman is now the leading man to take the role after it was stated that he had undergone an interview on Monday. JUST IN: Chelsea's ex-star Tammy Abraham tipped to be 'next Didier Drogba' amid Roma revival The report states that the 52-year-old spoke to United chiefs on Monday about a potential move to England. United are 'urging caution' over speculation linking the Ajax boss with a move to Old Trafford. Sources suggest that a research process which has been overseen by John Murtough and Darren Fletcher was only completed at the start of the month. However, Ajax's expectation is that their boss will move on in the summer. The report further states that Ajax will not stand in Ten Hag's way, and have a good relationship with United due to their director of football being Red Devils legend Edwin van der Sar. And with a fee of just £4million required in compensation, a deal does look to be doable. United fans could be pleasantly surprised by the football Ten Hag would play if he was to make the move from the Dutch capital with the manager having been compared to Manchester City's Pep Guardiola. "I learned a lot from Guardiola," the former Go Ahead Eagles manager once said himself. "His philosophy is sensational. What he did in Barcelona, Bayern and now with City, that attacking style sees him win a lot. It’s this structure that I have tried to implement at Ajax."