The Sky News editor noted the speech Volodymyr Zelensky delivered in Parliament this week offered insight into his relationship with Prime Minister Boris Johnson. She suggested addressing each other by first name is showing the growing "bond" the pair shares as she said the Prime Minister has been left "agonising" over NATO's refusal to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine. The alliance has rejected Kyiv's demands to intervene over concerns any activity in the region could be interpreted as an act of war against Russia. Ms Rigby said: "When Zelensky addressed Parliament, did you notice he sort of used 'Boris'? He used his first name. "I genuinely think, and his aides tell as well, that the Prime Minister and President Zelnsky have formed quite a tight bond. "And it is agonizing for Western leaders because the argument the Prime Minister put forward, that has been repeated by Biden and other Western leaders is that if NATO puts in place a no-fly zone, what that basically means is that they would have to shoot down Russian aircraft over Ukrainian airspace. "And that would put NATO in direct military conflict with Russia." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG The Prime Minister himself admitted his latest calls with President Zelensky had left him struggling. He told Ms Rigby: "I think any leader in his position would be saying exactly the same thing. "They'd be saying, why can't you provide that air cover? Why can't you, as the West, simply help to clear our skies of Russian planes and stop us being bombarded from the air, stop this, this evil going on in Europe? "And you know, we've had some very frank conversations and ones in which have been deeply upsetting..." READ MORE: Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of dictatorship: 'Massive impact' Mr Johnson insisted implementing a no-fly zone would be a great "difficulty" because there is a "line beyond which the UK and NATO would be deemed to be in conflict, direct conflict, with Russia. He added: "It's agonising. It's absolutely agonising. "And I've had this conversation at least a couple of times now with Volodymyr, but I think the difficulty is that it will require me to order RAF jets, UK pilots into the air with a mission to shoot down Russian fast jets. 'And that is something that - all my life, literally all my life, all my childhood, I remember it's something that we did everything we possibly could to avert, because that will be conflict between two P5 nuclear powers, two members of the security council." DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] President Zelensky on Saturday said Moscow dispatched news troops after Ukrainian forces had put 31 battalion tactical groups out of action in what he called Russia's largest army losses in decades. He said 500-600 Russian troops had surrendered on Friday alone and that about 1,300 Ukrainian troops had been killed since the conflict began. The statements could not be verified. Mr Zelensky also said he had spoken to Olaf Scholz and Emmanuel Macron about pressuring Russia to release the mayor of the city of Melitopol, who Ukraine says was kidnapped on Friday by Russian forces. More than 2,000 residents of the southern city, which is now under Russian control, protested outside the city administration building to demand the release of the mayor, Ivan Fedorov, Kyrylo Tymoshenko, deputy head of the president's office, said.