There’s a lot more to gardening than planting plants. Gardeners need to care for their plants once they’re in the soil, making sure they’re well watered and fed, given adequate support and are not growing in competition with other plants or weeds. Caring for the garden as a whole involves caring for plants individually – what works for one will not necessarily work for another. However, this task has just been made easier using a “clever” trick that all gardening pros swear by. Catherine Hughes, gardening expert and journalist, shared a “clever” trick with House Beautiful to transform gardens. She said: “If you've ever bought a gorgeous new plant, then watched with dismay as it struggled to thrive in your garden this clever trick is for you. “Use the rule of 'right plant, right place' and you'll keep your plants happy without having to spend hours taking care of them.” Catherine explained that the trick is “hugely effective”. READ MORE: Lawn care: The ‘crucial’ mowing trick to avoid lawns diseases She said: “Professional garden designers swear by the concept of ‘right plant, right place’, and for good reason. “It's a simple but hugely effective way to make sure you give your plants the best chance of doing well.” Every plant has a set of conditions that it likes to grow in. These are related to temperature, amount of light, soil type, amount of space, and exposure to things like extreme weather and pollution. DON'T MISS: ‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [INSIGHT]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [EXPERT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans ‘easy’ trick to remove bathroom ceiling mould [TIPS] Some plants love to grow in full sun, while others are happiest in partial shade or full shade. Some need a particular type of soil, some enjoy damp conditions, and some like to grow in a more parched spot. Lots of plants need protection from very cold temperatures, but some are super-tough and can cope with frost, snow, strong winds, air pollution and even heat waves. Catherine noted: “If you grow a plant in an environment that provides its preferred conditions, the plant stands a much better chance of thriving. “Put simply, growing your plants in the right place is the most important thing you can do to keep them happy.” The opposite is also true because if gardeners force their plant to grow in conditions that it doesn't like, then they automatically restrict how successful it can be. The concept of 'right plant, right place' explains why gardeners may have lost plants in the past, or have struggled to make a plant prosper. The gardening expert said: “It's also a brilliant starting point for every new plant you introduce to the garden - it works equally well for houseplants too.” If gardeners embrace the “right plant, right place” approach they’ll benefit in a number of ways, according to Catherine. She said: “For starters, your plants will be happier and healthier, so your garden will look great and be much more likely to stay that way as your plants grow and mature. “You'll also save money because you won't need to replace plants on a regular basis. “By growing your plants in their ideal conditions, you can save time on plant care and maintenance too.” 