BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty regularly fronts her radio show on Radio 5 Live from Monday to Wednesday but the broadcaster was missing today. The news presenter did not take to the airwaves for her regular slot. The 47-year-old has not addressed her show absence but the presenter's colleague, Chris Warburton, took the reins on the programme. Speaking on Radio 5 Live today, Naga's replacement host addressed the broadcaster's absence. Chris told listeners: "It is me. How are you doing? "It's just after 11 o'clock this morning. I'm Chris [Warburton] in for Naga." READ MORE: Andrea McLean slams colleague's claim she's 'mad' to quit Loose Women Ahead of his appearance on the programme, Chris said it was a "last minute" change. In view of his 17,500 Twitter followers, the radio host said: "Bloody hell, I'm on the radio in 5 minutes lads. Last minute. I was in the shower an hour or so ago." Social media users reacted to the post, as @NoHopeof Debate wrote: "@bbc5live's hero again. Thanks Chris. Never a bad super sub." To which he replied: "Cheers."  Phil Young joked: "Pray you're not still wearing your shower cap." Stef Banco commented: "Good luck. You'll be fine." Express.co.uk has contacted BBC representatives for comment. While Naga has not addressed her show absence the BBC Breakfast host was in attendance at the British & International Golf Greenkeepers Association (BIGGA) awards - an informal event that recognises the achievements of BIGGA members. The BIGGA Welcome Celebration was hosted by Naga on Tuesday evening. DON'T MISS... Shaken Miley Cyrus posts video of plane being struck by lightning[LATEST]Amanda Holden risks wardrobe malfunction in daring dress[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change[WEATHER] The ceremony celebrates the achievements of those members in the world of golf. The BBC host has since taken to the micro-blogging site and liked a post from a social media user following the event. Theresa Whybrow penned: "BIGGA awards evening, felt very proud to see and hear such achievements, passion and hard work out there in the industry in such challenging times. "@TVNaga01 Naga is such a wonderful host, love her honesty and passion @BIGGALtd 2nd day tomorrow." Naga is a keen golfer and previously revealed she plays off a handicap of nine. The presenter often shares photos of herself at various golf clubs across the country. When she's not in the studio she can be found at her country pad with husband James Haggar and their adorable cats Bella, Kinky and Ronnie. Naga Munchetty on BBC Radio 5 Live airs Monday to Wednesday from 11am. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.