  Vanessa Bauer, 25, admitted in a new interview she was used to skating with younger men. The Dancing On Ice star went on to express her surprise at being paired up with former Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan Cole, 45, who is now set to compete with her in the final.      Ahead of the Dancing On Ice final, Vanessa has spilled the beans on her bond with skating partner Brendan, who has wowed ITV audiences this year with his skating abilities. Remembering the first time she was told she was coupled up with Brendan, Vanessa admitted she had her reservations at first. She said: “The producers really surprised me with the partnership because there is a 20-year age gap. “I didn’t expect to be with Brendan when obviously there were young guys, like I was partnered with in previous years. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts    “I was worried at first that we wouldn’t bond, but because we’re both ­performers and I’m a mature 25-year-old, I’m comfortable.” She went on to share Brendan is a “kid at heart” and suggested the star had lost some weight putting his all into the process. “He falls and gets up and it amazes me how his 45-year-old body can handle so much strain. He says all the time that he has toned up,” she reflected. She went on to clear up any claims about Brendan’s “fiery” persona, which he was previously known for on Strictly.      She said: “I’ve heard these rumours about him being fiery, but I am a feisty person, too — so he met his match.” “He wants to get his ballroom experience on to the ice, but as the ice-skating pro I have to tell him that the things he wants to do are not possible and he gets upset, but we never fight," she concluded in her interview with the Sun on Sunday. Brendan and Vanessa will face off against two other couples in the final of Dancing On Ice tonight. READ MORE... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [LATEST] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [NEWS] Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [NEWS]      Hoping to skate to victory tonight are Kimberly Wyatt and Regan Gascoigne. Brendan and Vanessa will perform their showcase dance to Carmen Medley by George Bizet, while their favourite routine will be to Falling by Harry Styles. Regan and his partner Karina Manta will perform their showcase dance to the song Step In Time by Mary Poppins Original London Cast, after which they will perform their favourite routine to the song Barnum by Michael Reed Orchestra.     Kimberley and her partner Mark Hanretty will perform their favourite routine to the song Santa Maria by Gotan Project, while their showcase will be to the song River by Joni Mitchell. Phillip Schofield will be re-joined by co-host Holly Willoughby after she was forced to miss the semi-finals due to COVID-19. The Dancing On Ice final airs at 7pm tonight on ITV.   