Expert and veteran Major John Spencer sat down on GB News to discuss the ongoing invasion in Ukraine by Russian forces. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been pushing his troops towards Ukraine's capital Kyiv, despite facing global backlash and sanctions for his behaviour. Mr Spencer discussed the likelihood of Russian forces being able to hold their conquered occupied territories in Ukraine. The military expert explained that Russia would need "hundreds of thousands" of troops in order to maintain ground.   Mr Spencer said: "In my opinion based on my own research if they were to hold these areas, God forbid that Kyiv falls and this enters a second phase. "Which would be in my opinion a very robust insurgency, as  Ukrainians have already said they are going to resist forever. "They would need hundreds of thousands, I mean the classic counterinsurgency numbers even in the coalition never achieved those numbers in Iraq and that was like one percent of the population, that was a part of the insurgency. "This would be horrific for the Russian military and they would not be able to hold a lot of these, or just face opposition every day. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Mr Spencer added: "I did not think to be honest, that the reason that Russian plan... They attempted an operation Iraqi freedom won, shock and all rapid seizure of urban areas failed, was a resistance. "Now unfortunately the Russians fear urban warfare, they're not going to send troops in after they've bombed everything, a lot more than they already have. "Horrific scenes of civilian infrastructure and that will break people, I don't think it will break them all though. "And I had to go back in history, far back when this many people resist after continued a military power like this."  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse  It may not be looking good for Putin, as reports from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky say that around 9,200 Russian troops have died in the conflict. Russian politicians have been denying the high death count, and are claiming to have only lost 498 men. And Close ally, Belarus the country controlled by leader and friend of Putin, Alexander Lukashenko has announced that Belarusian servicemen will not be involved in the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. DON’T MISS:'He's gone berserk' Putin mental state under question as Polish mayor slams Russia leader Dame Barbara Woodward the British Permanent Representative to the European Union commented on Russia's plan. Ms Woodward said: Putin had "misjudged the strength, resilience and will of the Ukrainian people." Ms Woodward added: "Every day, this war continues the destruction it brings to Ukraine, the suffering it inflicts on Ukrainian and Russian people, and the risks it poses to international peace and security increase. "This must stop. We call on Russia to end this violence, withdraw its troops and enter into serious peace negotiations."