In a poll that ran from 8am on Friday, March 11 to 8am on Monday, March 14, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you actually want [Chancellor of the Exchequer] Rishi Sunak's energy bill ‘loan’?” A whopping total of 6,601 people voted, and no one was in the mood to mince their words in the robust comments left below the accompanying article. The overwhelming majority of those who voted – 94 percent – said “no”, they don’t actually want the loan at all. Just four percent said “yes”, they want it, and two percent said they didn’t know. A follow-up question asked: “Should the energy bill loan be mandatory?” Of the 6,556 people who voted on that question, 95 percent said “no, there should be an opt-out option”, while just three percent said “yes”, and two percent didn’t know. Overwhelmingly, people expressed their feelings of being let down by a Government largely out of touch with the majority of the public. Username Stand Strong wrote: “I don't want the loan; I want…cut fuel duty and scrap VAT on fuel. [Rishi Sunak] is ripping off the general public with his stealth taxes. “As long as his rich mates keep getting their bonuses he is happy.” READ MORE: Britons drawn into HIGHER taxes in Rishi Sunak’s ‘stealth’ move  Username Snowpilot50 added: “Let's not forget, MPs are getting a £2,212 per year pay rise. I guess they won't be needing the loan.” This 2.7 percent increase in MPs’ pay, due to come into effect in April, is nearly half the current rate of inflation, effectively meaning they will get a pay cut in real terms, but comes against a backdrop of a growing cost of living crisis and the Bank of England urging workers not to ask for sizeable pay rises to try to stop prices spiralling further out of control. Username DoggyDay wrote: “It's nothing but another rip off by this Government who continues to shake down the population of the UK! “We want REAL financial help. Not ‘loans’! We can't afford to live let alone pay back loans needed through their sheer incompetence.”  And Bygeorge added: “Absolutely right, another Government scam, It is to make the people feel good until it comes to payback time.” Username Rhodo agreed: “No thanks and l don't want it! It should not be mandatory and have to pay it back down the line. I neither want or need an enforced loan as that's what it is.” Under the scheme, all households in Britain will receive a one-off repayable £200 discount on energy bills for 2022. This will then be added to the cost of bills in £40 instalments over the following five years, regardless of the cost of bills when the payback begins. Readers were furious over this concept, with many saying they believe Mr Sunak doesn’t understand what it’s really like to struggle financially. DON'T MISS:Cost of living crisis ‘threatening the state of UK pensioners’ [INSIGHT]Man staggered as British Gas predict his energy will cost £21k a YEAR [REPORT]Angellica Bell inundated with questions on Martin Lewis Money Show [VIDEO]  According to The Sun, Mr Sunak has a total net worth of £200million thanks to his work as a hedge fund manager and a property portfolio with his billionaire heiress wife. Username Choca wrote: “[Mr Sunak] is far too arrogant out of touch with the normal person. “Although I would go for the £200 energy loan, I do not think it should be a loan which has to be paid back, especially with the hardships with the rise in everything it's just not affordable.” And username One time tory said: “Borrow money to keep yourself out of debt. A wonderful scheme only a British millionaire Chancellor would think is a great idea.” Others pointed to perceived failures in Mr Sunak’s tenure, particularly surrounding the plans designed to cushion the blow from the pandemic.  Username L65 wrote: “Absolutely not! What happened to freedom of choice? “Sunak needs to stop thinking he knows what's best for us. “He would be better placed if he tackled all the fraud created by a badly managed furlough scheme and stopped wasting taxpayers’ money!” According to HMRC, more than £5.5billion of taxpayer money from the Government’s coronavirus assistance scheme – including furlough and self-employment support – was paid out to fraudsters. 