Shakhtar Donetsk star Vitao has opened up to Express Sport on the terrifying escape that he and his team-mates had to make from Ukraine as Russian troops invade the country. Vitao has returned from war-torn Ukraine to his homeland of Brazil. The events in Ukraine have halted sport in the country, with the Ukrainian Premier League paused for a minimum of 30 days as soon as Russia's invasion began. And centre-back Vitao, alongside 10 more of Shakhtar's South American stars and Dynamo Kyiv's Vitinho, has escaped the conflict to go back to his home country. The 22-year-old and his peers had to stop in a hotel in the capital city of Kyiv with their families, fearing for their safety. Shakhtar have played their home matches at the country's national stadium since 2020, with their own stadium being unable for use since the war between Russia and Ukraine in Donbas broke out in 2014. And Vitao has detailed just how terrifying the situation was for those involved. "There was a lot, a lot of uncertainty. We didn't imagine if we would be able to leave the country, and much less when that would happen. Those were very difficult days," the defender said exclusively to Express Sport. He declared that the ordeal has seen the bond within Shakhtar's squad grow, adding: "I already had a good approachment with all of them. We've always had an amazing relationship. But, with no doubt, now we are much more united because of this." To add to the horror, Vitao has had his wife and three-month-old son, Miguel Eduardo, by his side throughout. Fears grew between the players that supplies would run out given that they had no idea when their escape would be. And Vitao told of how he and the other players were unsure as to whether their children would even be able to eat. "Our fear was that our son (Miguel Eduardo, three months old) would go hungry, thirsty or cold. And I think that was the biggest fear of the other parents who were also there," he said. Fortunately, the family are now back in his home city of Sao Paulo, with football the last thing on their minds. That, according to the defender, would not have been possible without UEFA, the Ukrainian Football Federation and his agent Ulisses Jorge. "UEFA and the Ukrainian Federation were the golden key in this process of leaving Ukraine. I am thankful to the teams of both entities," he said. "Without them, with no doubt, we wouldn't be able to get out of there. It was really scary to have lived through it all at 22 years old. It wasn't easy. "Ulisses helped me a lot trying to get me out of there in every possible way. It was very important. I know I can count on him for everything, and I'm also here for whatever he needs. "In difficult times like this, it is possible to understand who really cares about you and who doesn't. And he was one of the people who cared a lot about my safety and also of my family." Although media across the globe have tried to tell the story of just how bleak things are looking in eastern Europe, Vitao believes that the world hasn't fully portrayed just how bad things are for civilians in Ukraine. "I still haven't been able to keep up with what the English media has been saying," Vitao continued. "But really, things are very difficult in Ukraine. The country really needs help, while everyone is too busy just trying to survive the war and the shortage of food, water and electricity, among other resources." Despite his escape back to Sao Paulo, there are still worries over what beckons for Shakhtar's Ukrainian players. Taras Stepanenko, Shakhtar's captain, told The Athletic earlier this week that he rushed his family-of-five underground in their home, converting their basement into a bomb shelter. And Vitao admits that he did not realise his team-mate was stuck in such terrifying circumstances. "I've seen these coverages, in videos and images. It's important that actions like these are carried out not only by Ukrainian players or players working in Ukraine but by all athletes, in all sports. All sorts of help is important right now." With the Ukrainian league temporarily suspended - and likely to be so for a long time - Vitao is unsure what the future holds for him. Eight non-Russian players at Russian Premier League outfit FK Krasnodar have had their contracts ripped up, allowing them to find new clubs on free transfers. But Vitao is happy to leave on loan in the hope that he can eventually return to Shakhtar. "It's hard to think about it now, because I came back from a very scary time in that country. At the same time, standing still, not playing and training, can also be an issue," he continued.  Vitao said: "I really didn't hear about this information. But he's a leader on the pitch and naturally at home it shouldn't be any different. I am praying for him and for everyone in Ukraine. So they can get out of there as soon as possible. "I'm recovering for at least a week and then I'm going to talk to my agent. The intention is to find a comfortable solution for all sides. "I still don't know my future with Shakhtar. We need to wait a little bit while we talk and solve the best thing for both of us." All Vitao can do is wait to see what happens in Ukraine, and hope a resolution can be found imminently. Though as he admits, football is far from the most important thing right now. 