Palmar erythema, for example, which is the medical term for red palms, could be an indication of a scarred liver, which is known as cirrhosis. But how does the condition show up? Experts at DermNet NZ explained: "Palmar erythema is redness involving the heel of the palm, and occasionally the fingers." The condition is symmetrical, meaning that it will affect both hands. While the palms could be slightly warm, it will not be itchy or painful. The degree of redness could vary with emotional states, elevation of the hand, the temperature, and the pressure on the palms. According to DermNet NZ, 23 percent of people with liver cirrhosis develop palmar erythema. The condition may also be hereditary, or appear during pregnancy, or is found in those with rheumatoid arthritis. READ MORE: IBS diet – Three healthy greens to avoid or risk uncomfortable symptoms Cirrhosis (a scarred liver), in the most advanced stages, can lead to jaundice. Jaundice leads to yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes turning yellowish. In addition, the skin might become itchy, and the lower limbs or stomach could swell. This is a medical emergency so call NHS 111 if you identify with symptoms of jaundice. What to do to prevent further liver scarring The liver is a vital organ in the body, which you need to protect in order for it to do a multitude of processes. The British Liver Trust highlighted that the liver "is just as vital an organ as the heart". The liver helps with digestion, immunity, regulating hormones, as well as detoxifying the blood. How to help a struggling liver If you want to help protect your liver, the best thing you can do is to exercise more. "There is good evidence that gradual weight loss, eating healthily and being more physically active can reduce the amount of fat in your liver," the British Liver Trust explained. Any other underlying health conditions also need to be managed effectively. Examples include: diabetes, high blood pressure, and/or high cholesterol. For those diagnosed with fatty liver disease, it's recommended to get tested for advanced fibrosis every three years.