Take a moment to read the story of Norman Phillips who expects to very shortly lose his beloved wife to Multiple Sclerosis and dementia. He cannot sleep because he is so worried about making ends meet. When his wife passes away his council tax will rise by a third, he will lose their car which is funded through the mobility allowance, and he may no longer be able to stay in their home. Retired GP computer manager Sandra Prince also faces a harrowing situation. Once her bills are paid she has just £25 to survive on each week. The 74-year-old sits beside an electric fire with the heat turned off but the amber flame effect switched on because she says it tricks her brain into thinking she is warm.  These experiences of desperation and fear are repeated across the country. The enormity of the increase in energy bills and the impact of rocketing inflation on everyday items mean people who were on already tight budgets face a true crisis. Citizens who worked hard and lived responsibly are in a financial emergency through no fault of their own. Their stories must be heard in Downing Street, the Treasury and Parliament; this is an emergency and action to help them must not be delayed. We remain one of the very richest countries in the world and a compassionate society will ensure its people do not perish in hunger, destitution or the cold.  THE brazen behaviour of P&O Ferries boss Peter Hebblethwaite when he faced MPs yesterday is nothing less than abhorrent. He admitted there was “absolutely no doubt” that under UK law the company was required to consult with trade unions before it sacked 800 staff but he said he would “make this decision again”. His apologies to workers ring hollow and his attitude to the law is horrifying. P&O Ferries may be in financial trouble but it also suffers from a crisis of leadership. HER Majesty’s smile lit up the land as she examined tea sets and trinket boxes brought to Windsor Castle by an enamelling firm which is also celebrating its Platinum Jubilee. In these times of national and international gravity, just a glimpse of someone who has stayed true to her values and kept faith with her people with such dignity and kindness is inspirational.  