Marty Deeks (played by Eric Christian Olsen) and Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) are already considering fostering a refugee after rescuing Rosa (Natalia Del Riego) on the US-Mexican border. However, this season of NCIS: Los Angeles could see another child join the family thanks to a key clue from the promo for the next episode of the CBS drama. The pair of Special Agents could have to step in as temporary parents yet again in the next episode of the popular NCIS spin-off. The season 13 episode A Land of Wolves saw Deeks and Kensi aid a group of refugees across the border, including a young girl named Rosa. Already in the early stages of adopting or fostering a child, it seems like Rosa could be about to join their family in an upcoming episode. However, the next episode, All the Little Things, will bring their parental instincts out yet again when they spring to action to help a lost child. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? The episode’s official synopsis reads: “When a newborn child is found abandoned on a Navy ship, Kensi and Deeks search for the mother on board before she dies of complications. “Also, Nate (Peter Cambor) meets with Admiral Kilbride and learns about the CIA project from the ‘70s and ‘80s involving children.” NCIS LA’s latest heart-pounding trailer has given fans a brief yet intense look at the team’s next mission. Newly promoted series regular Admiral Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) warns: “This could have serious consequences for the entire team.” Meanwhile, both Kensi and team leader G Callen (Chris O’Donnell) are shown looking incredibly concerned, teasing the sky-high stakes of the upcoming mission. The promo finally caps off with what appears to be Kensi shooting a pistol on the back of a speeding motorbike. Millions of fans will be strapping into yet another action-packed episode, but Kilbride’s premonition hints at some major repercussions for some members of the LA task force. If the baby’s mother doesn’t make it through the episode, Deeks and Kensi would be the natural choice to provide some temporary care. DON'T MISS:Vikings Valhalla season 2: Ivar’s descendant takes the throne? [THEORY]Yellowstone: Kevin Costner pays tribute to woman 'who changed my life' [COMMENT]The Last Kingdom season 5: Stiorra star on huge milestone [SPOILERS] Over the last few seasons, the couple has been trying to start their family before sadly running into fertility issues. As they’re already starting to consider foster care or adoption, they’re in a perfect position to give the abandoned baby a new home. Even if they don’t become a permanent member of the family, recovering an orphaned child could be the encouragement they need to start taking the foster process seriously. Indeed, the log line for episode 12, Murmurations, confirmed: “The NCIS team investigates an unidentified aircraft that flies into U.S. airspace and crashes into a Navy plane. Also, Deeks and Kensi begin to prepare for their foster inspection.” It looks like Rosa is set to become an official part of the family, but could Deeks and Kensi find themselves with another baby on their plate while they prepare for the inspection? NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.