George Russell can get under Lewis Hamilton's skin and fight 'favouritism' at Mercedes this season, according to Sky Sports F1's Johnny Herbert. After three years at Williams, Russell has replaced Valterri Bottas as Hamilton's partner at the Silver Arrows for 2022. Mercedes are pursuing a ninth consecutive contructors' championship this season, and Russell will undoubtedly play a significant role in that. Upon his arrival, many suggested the 24-year-old will have had to accept that he'd be Toto Wolff's number two this year, with Hamilton looking for a record-breaking eighth world title of his own. But Russell could upset the apple cart and replicate Nico Rosberg's 2016 success in what is set to be an unpredictable campaign. JUST IN: What Chelsea's £20,000 travel cap means for Champions League fixtures And in Motorsport Magazine, Herbert backed Russell to produce that extra 0.1 per cent to 'get under Lewis' skin' and overcome 'favouritism' at Mercedes. He wrote: "Then there's George Russell, who is very exciting. Mercedes couldn't miss the opportunity to move on to the next generation. It's a brilliant opportunity for George, and I'm glad for him. "Now the work starts – but he is a grafter, especially on sim work, which is vital. The battle will be the mental game, and this will be the toughest he's ever faced. "We saw that star quality when he got in the car in Bahrain in 2020, but Hamilton, like all the greats from the past, has that something extra special and he can do it 99% of the time too – so George has to manage it 99.1% to get under Lewis' skin. READ MORE: Chelsea's potential buyers' stance on deal after Abramovich sanctions "There will always be favouritism in a team. It's part of the game, so George has to do what he did in Bahrain every single time because that's what Lewis will do. Can he manage it? I think he can." Herbert believes four teams could thrive this season - potentially Mercedes, Red Bull, Ferrari and McLaren. And he has also tipped Aston Martin as a possible surprise package, with Sebastian Vettel and Lance Stroll at the wheel. He added: "So more Max vs Lewis, plus new blood in Russell and four teams that could do very well – plus I might throw Aston Martin in there as well. Hold tight for another gripping ride." Mercedes surprised the pitlane on Thursday morning as pre-season testing got underway in Bahrain. The W13 has seen big changes, most notably its minimised sidepod design. Instead of having the square air intakes on the sidepods, Mercedes have placed the cooling inlets higher up, leaving their car much narrower near the rear. It's a radical move that may have given Hamilton and Russell a slight advantage on the pack ahead of next weekend's curtain-raiser.