The island of La Palma in Spain has been put on alert against Aedes Aegypti, the yellow fever mosquito. It can spread a number of viruses including dengue, chikungunya and Zika. Health and tourism chiefs have issued the warning after the detection of two Aedes Aegypti mosquito larvae. Minister of health for the Canary Islands Government, Blas Trujillo, met with the La Palma authorities yesterday to explain the necessary protocols. Trujillo said intensive measures would continue until the presence of the mosquito was detected and eradicated. He said that the surveillance system had worked before and analysis of the larvae had not revealed any transmissible viruses. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how elderly can get upgrade - 'I always give' The Minister added that the islands already had experience in eradicating the species, after one was discovered in Fuerteventura in 2017. The meeting stressed the importance of extreme vigilance from citizens and the administration to detect the species as soon as possible. Experts recommended that people eliminate stagnant water in houses and streets on La Palma. The Canary Islands Entomological Surveillance System has already taken actions to detect early adult specimens, eggs of larvae. Mosquito monitoring points have been expanded to the port and airport as well as in other high risk areas. Vulnerable areas include greenhouses, cemeteries, tyre dumps or banana packing plants. The sting surveillance programme has also been activated in all health centres and pharmacies on the island. The Public Health inspectors will analyse any bites with a survey, photograph, and home inspection for eggs. Citizen and tourist collaboration is very important to monitor the invasive species in the Canary Islands. If people spot a mosquito they must send a photo to the General Directorate of Public Health on the email vectors.scs@gobiernodecanarias.org. People should also send photos of bites that they consider to be suspicious. This could include bites with a strong inflammatory reaction and excessive itching. Tourists and residents should also send the geographical location of the suspected mosquito. Aedes mosquitos are black with stripes and smaller than normal mosquitos. They are more likely to appear in urban areas and stagnant waste water. They usually bite during the day rather than the night and their bite will cause heavy stinging and a strong inflammatory reaction. Female mosquitoes are the ones that bite and the insects need water to complete their development. A spokesperson said: “Mosquitoes that bite humans need to be breeding very close to them. “That is why the most effective measure against them is to monitor or eliminate their breeding points.” The mosquitoes can cause various viruses. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot.