Manchester United have reportedly agreed terms to sign teenage midfielder Toby Collyer from Brighton with the youngster primed to become Ralf Rangnick’s first signing at Old Trafford. The Red Devils are planning for a brighter future. And they’re primed to raid their Premier League rivals for one of their best young players. According to the Manchester Evening News, United have agreed terms to sign Collyer from Brighton. It’s stated the Red Devils have a ‘package in place’ for the youngster to join on a contract lasting three-and-a-half years. Though the deal is yet to be officially completed, United have chosen to take action after the 18-year-old impressed on a trial last month. The midfielder supposedly impressed Red Devils coaches with a performance for Brighton in a friendly match with Huddersfield Town. Collyer has captained England at Under-16 and U17 level. However, he’s primed to leave Brighton after failing to agree terms on a new contract over at the Amex Stadium. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Collyer impressed for Brighton at youth level last term, too. He made 25 appearances for their U18 and U23 teams, while he’s also got experience of playing in a central defensive-role as well. Now, the teenager is set to become the first signing of the Rangnick era. And the club will be hopeful he can continue his impressive development over at Old Trafford. Rangnick wants the right characters at the club and, speaking recently, admitted they must perform well in the transfer market as well. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message “It’s about having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system - and that’s what both clubs (City and Liverpool) have been doing in the last five or six years," Rangnick admitted. “If I look at their transfer policy and their transfer success, they haven’t had many players who people would say that maybe that wasn’t the right signing. “Both clubs have been pretty successful - and this is where Manchester United have to go again. “Under Sir Alex, they were there, but since then there have been quite a few different managers. “In order to close the gap to those two clubs, I wouldn’t say we have to do the same thing because we have our own identity as a club. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “But professional football is pretty easy. You have to have an identity on how you want to play and how the supporters want to see us play. “This has always been attractive, offensive, proactive football, entertaining football. "But from there you must make sure the recruitment is right. “You have to be quick enough, fast enough, in the transfer market, knowing the transfer market, and signing the right players in the right moment. “On top of that, you need the best possible manager, coaching staff who can develop players.”