Sightings of Great White Sharks are few and far between in the UK, with suspected shark appearances often going unverified. But there has been no definitive proof on whether sharks are - or aren’t - present in British seas. Founder and Expedition Leader for shark tracker organisation Ocearch, Chris Fischer, described how often it is very difficult to tell whether Great Whites are present in the water. He told Express.co.uk: “These things are super nervous, super shy. “They're all around us and we never see them. They’re ghosts, they don't want to be seen. “They're more afraid of us than we are of them.” He added: They're absolutely nothing like what people perceive them to be.” He continued that the sharks will prefer waters that are “dynamic”, and where “the water's usually not crystal clear.” He explained: “These things are invisible once they're a few feet underwater, and if they don't want you to see them, you're not.” Sharks living undetected for years is not unheard of, as Mr Fischer detailed was the case in southeast America. He said: “We didn't even know in 2012 that all of Florida is covered up in white sharks, all winter long - and Georgia and South Carolina, Southeastern United States and Florida. READ MORE: Putin's nuclear threat to UK: Nine locations that could be obliterated “We've all we're swimming with white sharks, all our lives, and no one knew they were there. “And so I think it's important to realise that just because you're not seeing them doesn't mean they're not there.” He added: “They could actually be there in abundance and you wouldn't see them.” Mr Fischer commented that sharks may be more likely to come north as the seas, such as the Mediterrean, warm up in the summer to a temperature they find more uncomfortable. DON'T MISS: Shark warning: Great Whites to move towards UK from the Mediterranean [ANALYSIS] Brave freedom fighters will never bow to Putin - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's 'Panorama moment' exposed [INSIGHT] He said: He said: “We know that all of those animals, in the late summer and fall, once they're over 10 feet long or so, move to an area where they can feed on marine mammal so they can bulk up for the oncoming winter.” He commented that the sharks likely to inhabit the Mediterranean Sea will probably move from their “winter habitat”, where they “eat things like squid, fish - the odd dolphin”. He added: “There are no seals down there. The water then gets too hot in the Mediterranean. “Once it comes to spring and early summer, it’s too warm.” Mr Fischer commented: “These white sharks don’t like hot water. They like cold water. They like water around 15 C, or 60 degrees Fahrenheit. “And so, they get pushed out of the Med because it's too hot and they move up to northern latitudes to where there's going to seals. “To somewhere where they can forage in the late summer and fall to prepare for the oncoming winter. “When you look at Europe, if a shark were to leave the Med and head north, it's not going to really engage too many seals until it's north of Brittany, France, because below there, it's just too warm. “Whether it's the UK, Ireland, mainland Western Europe, Denmark, Southern Norway, Northern France - somewhere there, those Mediterranean white sharks are going to forage on Marine mammals in the late summer/ fall.” Mr Fischer stressed that shark attacks were extremely rare, and the creatures typically have an “unbelievable ability to discern between us and the real marine mammal”.