The group which calls itself ‘Tyre Extinguishers’ is even letting down the tyres of battery-powered SUVs across the UK. The climate change campaigners believe 4x4 vehicles aren’t needed in built-up areas and produce “unnecessary luxury emissions, flaunted by the wealthy”. Thought to be an offshoot of Extinction Rebellion, the gang targeted several vehicles in London this week, deflating tyres. They also left notes apologising for their actions on car windscreens which read: “Don’t take it personally, it’s not you, it’s your car.” The letters were headed with the title “Attention - your gas guzzler kills.” Cars affected were parked in areas of several cities including London, Sheffield, Bristol and Edinburgh. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers Photos of the gang’s activity were posted on an official Twitter account. On it they boasted: “Tyres deflated on hundreds of SUVs overnight in 13+ UK locations.” The group released a statement saying the action was the first in a series of planned protests. Marion Walker, a member of the group, said: “Governments and politicians have failed to protect us from these massive unnecessary vehicles.” DON'T MISSWhat to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [WARNING]New driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [INSIGHT]Pay per mile car tax could hit rural drivers in road pricing changes [SHOCKING] She continued: “SUVs are a climate disaster, they cause air pollution and are dangerous for other road users. “Everyone hates them, apart from the people who drive them. “Politely asking for climate action, clean air and safer streets has failed." The group claims that SUVs cause more carbon dioxide emissions than the aviation industry. Express.co.uk readers were furious at the group's actions. One commenter, 'AJ Raffles' wrote: "It's nothing to do with the climate, as with everything else that motivates the left, it's pure envy." And 'Aquamarine' added: "They are not climate activists. They are vandals, thugs, criminals." 'Far Far Away' said: "No doubt if you catch one of them and protect your property, you will end up with bigger penalties or jail while they are freed." 'Sterling77a' spoke for many when they wrote: "These hard left eco-nuts are a scourge on society. They do not pay our energy bills or fuel costs. "Who the he*l do they think they are? This is criminal and wilful damage. "They need to be identified, prosecuted and heavily fined." 'Itsmeoncemore' added: "How selfish they are! now the manufacture and shipping for these replacement tyres will cause more global warming!"