In February 2021, ITV fans were left gutted following the season four finale of Unforgotten after Nicola Walker's character, DCI Cassie Stewart was killed off. The detective ended up crashing her car while she was trying to text her dad on her phone. Despite doctors explaining she would make a full recovery, it was later revealed that she had a serious brain injury which meant she wouldn’t wake up and her life support was turned off. The season ended with Sunny (Sanjeev Bhaskar) laying flowers by Cassie's grave which read: "Mother, daughter, copper." Fans were left gutted by the actress’ departure, but earlier this month, ITV bosses confirmed who would be replacing her. Season five will see newcomer Sinéad Keenan take on the role of DCI Jessica ‘Jessie’ James, who will work alongside Sunny Khan. Speaking in a new interview about her departure, Nicola admitted she made a "joint decision" with scriptwriter Chris Lang about her character being killed off. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air “We took Cassie on a fantastic journey,” the actor began. “It was very, very sad that she died, but the story was brilliant. I loved every second of it.” Discussing her replacement and whether she will be watching with viewers at home, Nicola added to the Radio Times: “I know a tiny bit about where they’re going with the story and it’s incredible. "I’ll be sitting on my sofa watching with everyone else.” It is unclear when the new series of Unforgotten will air, but actress Sinéad said she can't wait to begin filming. “I have long been an admirer of Chris Lang’s work, so I am absolutely delighted to be joining the Unforgotten team," the new detective explained. “I’m very much looking forward to working with the extraordinary cast led by the brilliant and incredibly lovely, Sanjeev Bhaskar. "And I’m hoping that if I play my cards right I might even get to take a peek in Sunny’s backpack!” DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Adam Henson airs concern for his farm after warning [VIDEO]Jane McDonald wants to ‘wash the last couple of years away’  [NEWS] Executive producer, Chris Lang went on to tease how the fifth series will begin with a new journey for Sunny and the team, as they try to continue life without Cassie. “And so it begins, a new Unforgotten journey, and it’s scary, for Sunny and the Bishop Street team, for the audience, for all of us,” Chris admitted. The new series will begin with a clock ticking down to Jess' first day in her new job. Jess is determined to make a good first impression with her new colleagues, but will her personal life and troubles get in the way? The detective's first case is the discovery of human remains in a newly renovated period property in Hammersmith, London. As the murder mystery unfolds, Jess and Sunny will explore the lives of characters Jay (Rhys Yates), Bele (Martina Laird), Tony (Ian McElhinney) and Karol (Max Rinehart). The ITV drama will also see the return of DS Murray Boulting (Jordan Long) and DC Fran Lingley (Carolina Main). Georgia Mackenzie will also be reprising her role as pathologist Dr Leanne Balcombe, Michelle Bonnard as Sunny’s partner, Sal and Pippa Nixon as DC Kaz Willets. Season 1-4 of Unforgotten is available to watch on Britbox.