Toto Wolff has fuelled the rivalry between Mercedes and Red Bull after claiming he would ‘rather do it alone’ than work alongside Max Verstappen, Christian Horner or Helmut Marko. The tense relationship between the two teams intensified during the 2021 season, with Lewis Hamilton battling for the World Drivers’ Championship with Verstappen.   Red Bull’s Verstappen controversially won the title at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Race director Michael Masi has since been removed from his position for decisions made at the event which led to a Verstappen victory. Mercedes had two protests thrown out by the FIA before withdrawing an appeal. Red Bull were unhappy with the behaviour of their rivals. Tensions appeared to have eased ahead of the 2022 season, which began last weekend in Bahrain. Wolff and Mercedes have insisted that their grievances over last year's Abu Dhabi finale are in the past.   JUST IN: Leclerc has 'never forgiven' Verstappen amid growing rivalry But Silver Arrows chief Wolff has reignited the feud by joking that he would rather work alone than with Red Bull’s key trio. German publication Bild asked the Austrian in a Q&A: “Who would you rather have from Red Bull in your team: Verstappen as driver, team boss Christian Horner or head of motorsport Dr. Helmut Marko?” Wolff smiled and quipped: “Then I'd rather do it alone.” Mercedes encountered several difficulties ahead of the 2022 season. One of those involved their car bouncing during testing, limiting their speed. Hamilton and team-mate George Russell had downplayed their chances of competing for race wins ahead of the season. However, they enjoyed a decent start. The 37-year-old, who is still competing for a record eighth world championship, finished third in Bahrain. Russell came one place behind him in fourth in his first race since joining from Williams Racing.  DON'T MISS...Mika Hakkinen calls out Lewis Hamilton trait which will cause turmoilMcLaren's Milner hopes more women will enter F1 'in next 10 years'Lando Norris trolls Mercedes star George Russell Wolff admitted that Mercedes would unlikely be competing for the win in Saudi Arabia this week. “We are currently limiting damage, places three and four in Bahrain exceeded our expectations before the race. In the race, our current deficits were clearly visible. But until we can get the full potential out of the car, we must take every opportunity to score points,” Wolff said. He added: “We need to understand where we lack performance. The faster we recognize this, the faster we will be. This is physics - and not mysticism. One topic that concerns us with certainty is the speed on the long straights. However, I do not expect any illuminating findings in the second race in Saudi Arabia.”     