The National Theatre said it was delighted the Duchess of Cornwall, a long-standing supporter for the arts, had been given the role, describing her as a devoted fan of theatre and champion of literature and drama. Rufus Norris, director and joint chief executive of the National Theatre, hailed the appointment made by the Queen.  He said: “It is a privilege to welcome the Duchess of Cornwall as the National Theatre's Royal Patron. “The Duchess shares our belief that theatre enriches our lives in so many ways and that everyone should have access to the arts and creativity no matter where they are in the world. “The duchess has shown great support to our industry throughout the pandemic, and I look forward to working with Her Royal Highness for many years to come. “I would also like to express my thanks to the Queen for Her Majesty's long and unwavering support and service to the National Theatre.”   The Queen has been associated with the National Theatre since its earliest days at the Old Vic in the 1960s, last visiting with the Duke of Edinburgh, as part of its 50th anniversary celebrations in 2013. The appointment of Camilla by the Queen marks the first of the Duchess of Sussex's former patronages to be taken over since she stepped back as a senior member of the Royal Family with her husband Prince Harry. Royal Expert Marlene Koenig commented on Twitter that Meghan only held another two patronages, one of which was shared with her husband. She said: “The only other two are the queens commonwealth trust and the association of Commonwealth Universities. The former was with the Duke of Sussex.” READ MORE:Camilla health fears as Duchess forced to pull out of event It comes after the Duchess of Cambridge became the new patron of the England Rugby Union, making Kate the first Royal to take over one of Prince Harry's former roles, a year after he was stripped of his honorary titles. The new duty for Camilla is another sign of the Queen's faith in her daughter-in-law, who she endorsed as a future Queen Consort while marking her historic Platinum Jubilee last month. Her Majesty confirmed in February of last year that it will not be possible for Harry and Meghan to continue with the responsibilities and duties that come with a life of public service as they stepped away from the work of the Royal Family. Back in June 2019, Kensington Palace announced that Meghan would succeed her grandmother-in-law, Queen Elizabeth, in the role as patron of the theatre. DON'T MISS:Joe Biden ridiculed for latest Irish gaffe on St Patrick's DayTory MP U-turns on Boris support as country faces ‘national emergency'Royal Family LIVE: 'Condemn them!' Harry and Meghan called out  Kensington Palace shared: “The Duchess is a strong believer in using the arts to bring people from different backgrounds and communities together.” In February 2020, the National Theatre's artistic director Rufus Norris shared that Mrs Markle was still extremely involved in the organisation, saying “she has proven to be a very engaged patron, and we look forward to working with her”. Yet, in February 2021, after a year-long review, Meghan and Prince Harry had to officially give up their royal patronages and they reverted back to Queen Elizabeth. In a statement, the National Theatre thanked Meghan Markle for her support, saying: “The Duchess championed our work with communities and young people across the UK and our mission to make theatre accessible to all.” On Twitter, royal fans also congratulated Camilla on the new role. One user, Jen, said: “Wonderful news. Congratulations to the Duchess and to our treasured National Theatre!” Another user, @loveforcambridg, wrote: “Ah this is great news. So happy for the Duchess of Cornwall and the National Theatre too for finally having a caring, present Patron.” A third user, Gill Wallace, added: “Congratulations to the National Theatre. The Duchess of Cornwall will be a wonderful Patron.” 