The Wagner Group, backed by the Kremlin, and Chechen special forces have both been foiled in their attempts to kill Zelensky by anti-war factions in Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB), according to The Times. A source revealed that it was "eerie" how much Zelensky's security team were anticipating their moves, after an attempt to assassinate the Ukrainian President on Saturday ended with the would-be assassins being "eliminated".  It is believed that Ukrainian security forces had been tipped off by Russian spies. Ukrainian officials have said that some members of the Russian security service were "disgruntled" about the war and were against the invasion. Oleksiy Danilov, secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council, said: "I can say that we have received information from the FSB, who do not want to take part in this bloody war. "And thanks to this, the Kadyrov elite group was destroyed, which came here to eliminate our president."  Ramzan Kadyrov, a staunch supporter of Vladimir Putin, is the Chechen president. The Wagner group has been embedded in Kyiv for over six weeks and has been assigned 24 high-profile Ukrainian targets to track and kill. They are reportedly under pressure from Moscow to take out their targets as quickly as possible.  READ MORE: Biden bashed for attempting to patch up Iran deal amid Putin invasion A source told The Times that there are still 400 potential assassins in Kyiv and that "it only takes one of them to get lucky and everyone goes home with a bonus". There are reports that they are drawing up plans for another assassination attempt before the weekend. President Zelensky has turned down offers to help him leave the city, saying: "I need ammunition, not a ride."  DON'T MISS:Europe’s LARGEST nuclear plant on fire after Russian missile attack [LATEST]Newsnight: ‘Frailties in Russian army’ EXPOSED by former US adviser [INSIGHT]BBC QT: Putin would '100 percent' use nuclear weapons if p [QUESTION TIME] He has sworn to stay and protect his country and his people, encouraging them to take up arms and fend off the Russians as best they can. Putin's forces have so far taken the city of Kherson and there are fears of an amphibious attack on the southern port city of Odesa. However, Kyiv has so far held off the Russians. 