Graham Conway, Managing Director of Select car Leasing said for years electric cars were “not suitable” for caravan trips However, new models “advancing technology” means newer EVs can be used. He said: “EVs are the major success story in the motoring sector, with a huge clamour to snap up the latest plug-in battery models especially. “For years the lack of range and the increased weight due to battery load meant they were not suitable for caravan trips. “But advancing technology now means newer electric vehicles are ideal for the job, with impressive torque and powerful electric motors. “And with the UK’s network of charging points increasing by around 1,000 per month, there’s no excuse not to go electric for all your caravan holiday needs.” READ MORE: Manufacturers could stop drivers from towing caravans Select Car Leasing has picked out a range of brand new EVs which are most suited to the task. They called the Tesla Model X the “superb choice” for a caravan fan with a maximum towing capacity of 2,250kg. The Kia EV6 was also selected for its ability to pull a maximum weight of 1,600kg. Its battery can also be replenished up to 80 percent within 18 minutes using a rapid charger making it ideal for longer trips. DON'T MISSDVSA urges drivers to remain safe when towing caravans after new rules [INSIGHT]New DVSA caravan and trailer towing scheme to launch in March [ANALYSIS]New caravan law changes could lead to 'confusion' & road safety issues [COMMENT] Select Car Leasing has also highlighted the Polestar 2 which should easily handle a larger caravan. They have also selected the Mercedes Benz EQC for a range of special technology. The model has a self-levelling rear suspension and a level towing platform on the vehicle. This boosts performance while something is hooked to the towbar giving the extra kick needed to tow a caravan. The model is also capable of towing weights of up to 1,800kg making it ideal for larger caravans. However, before setting off on journeys, drivers must ensure their car is allowed to tow caravans altogether. The RAC has previously warned many EVs will not have type-approval meaning it is against the rules to tow. They said: “With instant torque from a standstill, they should be even better than petrol or diesel engines for lugging a caravan or similar, right? “Well, to an extent. But while most cars would be perfectly capable of towing, very few have been type-approved to tow. “Before any new car is launched, it has to pass through homologation. “This is a process of testing that allows the relevant authorities to ensure it meets all the requirements to be registered and driven on the road. “Manufacturers of most electric cars haven’t sought type approval from the European authorities to declare them fit for towing.”