Gentleman Jack will once again be following the once-controversial real-life figure of landowner Anne Lister (played by Suranne Jones). As she makes deals to expand her empire in West Yorkshire, Anne also has a new love interest in Anne Walker (Sophie Rundle) which isn't going unnoticed by the local community and their families. Express.co.uk has everything you need to know about the return of Gentleman Jack. Gentleman Jack was first seen in April 2019, when viewers were delighted to see Anne's famous diaries given a new lease of life on BBC One. There isn't too long to wait now before the period drama is back for more episodes. Gentleman Jack season two premieres on BBC One on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm. It will take over the timeslot of Peaky Blinders once the Tommy Shelby drama concludes on April 3. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Actress Suranne Jones will be reprising her role as the eccentric Anne Lister herself. Jones is known for a number of roles in shows such as Coronation Street, Vigil, Doctor Foster and Scott and Bailey. She is going to be joined by Peaky Blinders and The Nest star Sophie Rundle as Anne Walker. Other cast members include Shaun Dooley, Rosie Cavaliero, Joe Armstrong, Anthony Flanagan and George Costigan. Yes, a trailer is now out for the second outing of Gentleman Jack on BBC One for fans to enjoy. The teaser starts with Anne Lister pacing about the town, making her way to Shibden Hall with a servant exclaiming: "She's here! She's here!" In another clip, Jeremiah Rawson (Shaun Dooley) is seen gathered with some of the neighbours. He questions: "They're going to live together at Shibden (Hall)?" as a woman in the group looks taken aback at the thought. DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield weighs in on Will Smith's slapping Chris Rock  [REACTION]Holby City’s David Ames shares emotions on BBC drama ending [CAST]Alison Steadman: Actress voices stroke and dementia fears  [HEALTH] The BBC synopsis for season two reads: "Yorkshire, 1834. "All eyes are on Anne Lister and Ann Walker as they set up home together at Shibden Hall as wife and wife, determined to combine their estates and become a power couple. "Anne Lister’s entrepreneurial spirit frightens the locals as much as her unconventional love life and, with Halifax on the brink of revolution, her refusal to keep a low profile becomes provocative and dangerous." In the 19th Century, women weren't able to marry each other so the community in Halifax will have plenty to say about their arrangement. The trailer also teases the return of Lister's first love Marianna Lawton (Lydia Leonard) who left to tie the knot with a man. While Lister is happily living a new life with Walker, will she be seduced by Marianna who still has feelings for her? Gentleman Jack season 2 premieres on Sunday, April 10, at 9pm on BBC One.