HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) raked in a record £12.9 billion in capital gains tax alone last year. However, there’s still time to make the most of allowances before the April tax deadline. When it comes to paying taxes some are inevitable, however others can be avoided by following expert advice. George Thomas, a wealth planner at Succession Wealth, has come up with 13 ways Britons might be able to save money and pay less capital gains and inheritance tax to HMRC. When it comes to capital gains tax he reminded people to make the most of this year’s allowance and offset any losses against gains. He said: “If you realise capital gains and losses in the same tax year, the losses are offset against the gains before the capital gains tax exempt amount (£12,300 in 2021/22) is deducted. READ MORE: “A cut in income!’ Pensioners react in fury to National Insurance hike Mr Thomas explained: “Capital losses will be wasted if gains would otherwise be covered by your exempt amount. “You could consider postponing a sale which will generate a loss until the following tax year, or alternatively realising more gains in the current year.” The financial expert also urged people to check their on the right tax code. He said: “If you have multiple employers or pension providers, you may get more than one tax code. DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] He continued: "If you’re on the wrong one, you could be paying HMRC more than you ought to be. “On the other hand, you risk getting penalised if you’re paying too little.” Married couples and those in a civil partnership should also make use of the marriage allowance. Mr Thomas said: “The unused allowance of one partner can be used by the other, meaning an overall combined tax saving.” Other ways to make the most of tax loopholes include setting up a junior ISA, maximising pension contributions and regularly reviewing one’s will. Relatives and friends can also contribute to a child’s JISA, as long as the £9,000 limit for 2021 to 22 is not breached. He also urged Britons to make the most of ISA allowances of £20,000 for the 2021 to 2022 tax year. Maximising pension contributions could also free up another £40,000 in tax free allowances. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Mr Thomas shared 13 ways Britons can pay less tax to HMRC: 