The transport company has sparked outrage after sacking 800 employees with immediate effect to replace them with cheaper agency workers. News of the redunencies was broken to staff via a pre-recorded video message from senior management. Mr Shapps said his officials "will be having urgent discussions with P&O about the situation, particularly of concern for their workers". He added: "Important to note other operators continue to run cross Channel routes, so passengers and goods can flow, but I am working with the Kent Resilience Forum to minimise disruption." P&O had 2,200 employees in the UK and currently operates four routes for passengers and freight.  It has routes for: Dover to Calais; Hull to Rotterdam; Liverpool to Dublin; and Cairnryan, Scotland, to Larne, Northern Ireland. Mr Shapp's intervention comes after Hull's three MPs all wrote to the Transport Secretary to urge him to take action. "This shocking move has been made without warning, notice, or consultation, in a deliberate attempt to undercut the wages and conditions of British seafarers," they said. "We cannot allow a dangerous precedent to be set, all the more so on transport routes which are strategically vital to the UK." Passengers have been told to expect up to 10 days of disruption due to the redundencies of staff. Crossings have been suspended with immediate effect and no cset date announced for their return. DON'T MISS:Why has P&O sacked its staff? [EXPLAINED]WATCH moment P&O Ferries boss informs staffs they are made redundant [VIDEO]P&O ferries stopped from Dover to Calais: How to get a refund [INSIGHT]  Transport minister Robert Courts told MPs in the Commons: "In taking this decision to make seafarers redundant, P&O have also today informed us they will be suspending services for approximately a week to 10 days while they locate new crew." He added: "These are hardworking, dedicated staff who have given years in service to P&O. "The way they have been treated today is wholly unacceptable and my thoughts are first and foremost with them. "Reports of workers being given zero notice and escorted off their ships with immediate effect while being told cheaper alternatives would take up their roles shows the insensitive way in which P&O have approached this issue, a point I have made crystal clear to P&O's management when I spoke to them earlier this afternoon.   "I am extremely concerned and frankly angry at the way workers have been treated by P&O." Meanwhile, Conservative former transport minister Sir John Hayes criticised the "capricious, careless, callous" decision by P&O Ferries, and suggested the Government should "recover any monies granted to P&O during the pandemic" in a bid to reverse it. He added: "Don't let anyone tell me this is the free market. "The free market put little girls in factories and boys down mines, and both at risk on the high seas; we thought those dark days had gone - P&O are either too dim to see that or too dastardly to know it." 