Chloe Madeley, 34, has spoken out about her struggle to conceive over the past two years.  She said there were three main reasons why she hadn't spoken about her pregnancy after she announced that she and husband James Haskell will be having a baby. The fitness expert told her Instagram fans why she doesn’t reveal more about her pregnancy online. The star said there were a “few reasons” why she isn’t posting about her new arrival. During an Instagram Q&A, the person in question asked: "I'm surprised you haven't posted more about your pregnancy." In full view of her 247,000 followers, Chloe replied: “Well, I suppose there's a few reasons why I'm not solely or constantly posting about being pregnant…” She said: “As wonderful as it is, there is actually a lot more to my life than the fact that I'm pregnant. Quite a lot more.” READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey She added that herself and husband James had been trying to conceive for two years prior to her pregnancy and said it was difficult for her to see other people post about it. The star said: “I remember when I was trying, for 2 years, and it was hard watching everyone around me get pregnant. “It didn’t make me feel jealous or envious. It just made me feel… sad. Really, really sad. “And every time I do post, I remember that feeling, and I’m sensitive to how the post might be received.” She added a third reason, which was that she was only 18 weeks into the pregnancy. Chloe wrote on the social media platform: “I'm only 18 weeks. "So I'm still quite nervous about it all to be honest. Unsurprisingly, and like everything in life, it's actually pretty complicated.” However, Chloe nevertheless showed fans a glimpse of her baby bump during a workout on Sunday night. READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] The star posed in a black crop top and matching shorts. The fitness enthusiast also added that she has felt “very sick” with bad “headaches” throughout the first two months of her pregnancy. She added that she has improved the last two weeks and has started training with an “exciting new reason” to stay fit and healthy. She confirmed that she was still lifting weights when asked by her fans if this was the case. Chloe said: “In all honesty, I couldn’t for about two months because I was so unwell, Very sick, and shockingly bad headaches. “Gradually I’ve been able to resume my training frequency over the last 2 to 3 weeks.” The fitness expert advised that pregnant women are “fine to continue on with what you were doing before you got pregnant. A few things might need to be tweaked". Chloe announced her pregnancy last month with a photo alongside James.