Top Boy was resurrected after three years away from the small screen after the coronavirus pandemic put a halt to filming. Fear not though as the drug drama made a comeback in March 2022 with Dushane Hill (played by Ashley Walters) at the top and his former partner Sully (Kane "Kano" Robinson) struggling to get by. At the end of series two, Dushane and Sully were able to put their issues behind them but the latter was still resentful towards Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Top Boy.Previously in Top Boy, it was Dushane and Sully against Jamie who tried to have them killed on more than one occasion. After Dushane set Jamie up by having drugs and weapons planted in his flat, sending him to prison, upon his release, they decided to move forward together. Jamie started working for Dushane, helping to iron out the drug supply problems they were having in Morocco and for this, the top boy was grateful. In the series finale, Dushane mentioned to Sully that Jamie could one day take over for him but this news didn't go down well with his former business partner. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role To stop this from happening, Sully went to Jamie's flat, armed with a gun and shot him twice, killing the dealer instantly. Jamie's brothers watched as Sully murdered him, even sharing a brief look with Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi) before making his getaway. Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jnr.) and Stefan have no other family as Jamie was their guardian after their parents died. Knowing what Jamie's killer looks like, Stefan may want to find a way to get his own back. Prior to murdering Jamie, Sully was reunited with his daughter Tash thanks to his niece Pebbles (Erin Kellyman) who put in a good word for him to his ex-partner. He was no longer allowed to see Tash due to his dangerous work but has now been permitted semi-regular contact with her, much to his delight. But with Sully now being allowed to spend time with his daughter, this could in turn put her life in danger with his rivals. Will Stefan and Aaron try to kidnap Tash in a bid to hurt Sully for what he did to Jamie? DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [THEORY]Top Boy's Micheal Ward pays tribute to co-stars after Jamie twist [TRIBUTE]Erin Kellyman age: How old is the Top Boy star? [AGE] Alternatively, there are others who were firmly in Jamie's corner and may take Sully's daughter in response to his death. For example, Lizzie (Lisa Dwan) and Jamie previously had a romantic connection and in the second series, she wanted them to work together again behind Dushane's back to make even more money. With Jamie now out of the picture, this is no longer possible so Lizzie could want to hurt Sully for what he did. Morrocan dealer Mounir (Mustapha Abourachid) also took a shining to Jamie while he was out there and seemed keen to work with him in the future. Would he want to hurt Sully through Tash in order to get justice for Jamie? Top Boy was last seen in 2019 so it was a long wait for season two to arrive on Netflix. So far, the streamer hasn't confirmed if there is going to be a third season of the drama. However, given the unexpected ending and popularity of Top Boy, it seems unlikely that it will be cancelled any time soon. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.