Mr Tugendhat discussed Russia's infantry tactics in Ukraine, as much of the Russian artillery has been hitting civilian settlements. The Conservative politician criticised the Russian army calling them "rubbish" as reports of top Russian generals on the frontlines instead of soldiers have been circulating as Moscow lost five of its top military generals since the start of the invasion in Ukraine. Mr Tugendhat discussed the long-range missile attacks in Mariupol that have been killing innocent children.  Mr Tugendhat told TalkRadio: "Yes I mean the element of the Russian army that's working is the artillery. "So they can fire long-range attacks and destroy civilian shelters and kill children. "That they can do relatively easily, what they can't do is lead complex attacks using infantry tactics and so on. "And that suggests that Russian command and control is either non-existent or completely degraded. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as Ukrainian forces take down more than 10 aircraft in a day    Mr Tugendhat added: "You know the idea that you have a two-star general in the frontline able to be killed. "To me, that tells me that you clearly don't trust your lieutenants. "You don't trust you, Captains, you don't trust your majors, you don't trust your lieutenant colonels or your brigadiers. "Which means you don't trust your entire officer class effectively, to lead an attack. Mr Tugendhat added: "A general has to go forward and do it, now that really tells me your army's rubbish. READ MORE: Putin ABANDONED as even closest allies ditch warmonger - ‘bad for business’    Global political leaders have been condemning Putin's attack on Ukraine, and many have called for his war crimes against innocent civilians to be logged, so the dictator can be held accountable. Speaking in the Hague Justice Secretary Dominic Raab said: "Russian commanders carrying out war crimes should know they cannot act with impunity. "Like Radovan Karadzic and Charles Taylor before them, their actions risk landing them in a jail cell." Mr Raab added: "Right now, there's a big emphasis on preservation of evidence of war crimes that may or may not have happened. "But also what's coming down the line as Putin responds in ever more barbaric ways to the situation stuttering and stumbling that he's been driving on the ground in terms of his own military campaign."   US President Joe Biden publically slammed Putin calling him a war criminal. The Kremlin has not taken Mr Biden's words lightlly, with Russian news agency TASS citing Putin's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, as saying: "We consider unacceptable and unforgivable such rhetoric of the head of state, whose bombs killed hundreds of thousands of people around the world." White House press secretary Jen Psaki cleared up Mr Biden's comments in a press conference on Wednesday. Ms Psaki said: "He was speaking from his heart and speaking from what he's seen on television, which is barbaric actions by a brutal dictator through his actions over a foreign country."