Watering is essential for maintaining healthy, thriving plants. It should be one of the first jobs on gardeners’ daily or weekly to-do list. However, it's important to use the right type of water when giving plants a drink, especially when it comes to caring for indoor plants. Plant experts at PlantIn have shared the worst type of water to use on plants. The experts said: “All nutrients necessary for this in the soil are available to plants only when dissolved in water. The quality of the water affects how these substances are dissolved and then absorbed by the roots. “In addition, the water itself contains mineral salts dissolved in it, which play an essential role in the life of plants.” As the temperatures start to increase, they can wreak havoc on your plants. Giving your plants plenty of water will help them to thrive in the heat, and allow their usual chemical reactions to continue, providing energy for growth. When you come to watering your plants, it's vital you use the optimum type of water. READ MORE: Lawn care: 'Most successful’ hack for removing mushrooms from grass The plant experts advised against using tap water for plants. They said: “The vast majority of flower growers use tap water. “The issue with it is that such water is hard. “Watering plants with hard water can cause a white crust to form on the surface of the soil. “It does not pose any harm in itself, but many plants require exceptionally soft water.” These are, for example, azalea, gardenia, camellias, orchids, and hydrangeas. DON'T MISS: Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [INSIGHT]Orchids: The ‘trimming’ hack to keep your orchids healthy in spring [TIPS]Property: ‘Immediate’ home improvements to raise property value by 20% [EXPERT] The plant experts explained that tap water contains several “harmful chemicals” that are “detrimental to your houseplants”. They said: “Tap water contains several harmful chemicals, including lead, chlorine, and pathogens. “They are detrimental to your houseplants and might cause problems. “However, there are some methods of reducing the harm of tap water and making it purer.” The experts offered three ways to improve the quality of tap water so that it can be used on plants. One easy way is to let the tap water settle for “at least a day” before using it on the plants. The plant experts said: “It is necessary so that all the chlorine evaporates from it. “After that, the water becomes much more suitable for your plants.” Chlorine can also be removed by boiling. The experts advised: “To quickly remove chlorine, add 0.5 teaspoons of baking soda per litre of water to the water and boil the solution and let it cool. “Immediately after that, your plants can be watered.” Another way is to melt the water, as this removes the excess salts. However, the preparation will take some time. Begin by pouring the water into a container and putting it into the freezer. Watch when some of the water freezes, and some will still be in a liquid state. The water should be drained off - it will contain the greatest amount of dissolved salts. Allow the frozen water to thaw and warm up to room temperature before watering. Water that is too cold can end up shocking the roots and lead to root rot.