Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge are due to set off on their Caribbean tour this week. To mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, the couple will visit the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize. This is the Duke and Duchess’ first major overseas trip since before the pandemic and it comes at a critical time for the Royal Family, as several Commonwealth nations are considering cutting ties with the monarchy. Nearly 400 years after the country became a British colony, Barbados formally removed the Queen as its Head of State. Prince Charles was the guest of honour at the handover ceremony in November last year. Now, many of the island nations want to follow in Barbados’ footsteps and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. In 2020, veteran pollster Bill Johnson used a sample size of 1,200 voting-age Jamaicans to ask the question: Should The Queen continue to be Jamaica's head of State or not? The poll, commissioned by Jamaica Observer, found that 55 percent  of respondents said the Queen must go. Only 30 percent supported the Queen remaining as Head of State, while the remaining 15 percent said they did not know. The poll was conducted just a month before the island marked its 58th anniversary of independence. Despite echoing a widely popular view, the issue has so far plodded through the legislature. In 2016, it was discussed in Parliament when the newly-elected Andrew Holness-led Government put forward a proposal to make Jamaica a republic in its 2016-17 legislative agenda. At the time, Mr Holness told the BBC that while Jamaicans had embraced the Queen in the past, it was time for a change. However, he added that Jamaica would want to maintain its links with Britain and the Commonwealth. Prime Minister Andrew Holness was reelected in 2020 and his desire for Jamaica to become a republic still stands. In December, he said: “There is no question that Jamaica has to become a republic. “We have to put together a plan to move towards that in a way that is meaningful and substantial in function and form. That is what we are going to do.” DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS] However, the legal procedure of removing Her Majesty as Jamaican Head of State, also known as the Queen of Jamaica, is not straightforward. Legislation must secure a two thirds majority in both the House of Representatives and the Senate; the amendment must then be put to the Jamaican public in a referendum. According to Mr Johnson’s poll, support seems to be growing for Jamaica to break free from the Commonwealth Realms. William and Kate’s visit is sure to bring much-needed positive publicity to the Royal Family in the Caribbean. During their time in Jamaica, the royal couple will meet with the Jamaican Defence Force as well as celebrate the country’s musicians — both legends like Bob Marley and up and coming stars. There has in fact been an online petition calling for the postponement of the Cambridge's visit, but that has only received a paltry 817 signatures. Prince Harry was the last senior royal to visit Jamaica in 2012. His trip coincided with Portia Simpson-Miller, Jamaica’s then-Prime Minister, pledging to begin the process to remove the Queen as head of state. At the time Mrs Simpson-Miller said: “I love the Queen, she is a beautiful lady. But I think the time has come.” The republican movement isn't new in Jamaica, yet after decades of pledges from governments and polling suggesting that half of Jamaicans favour a republic, the movement has never taken off. The Cambridges' visit may play a role in determining whether or not they will reign as King and Queen of Jamaica. 