Sanditon returns to Britbox for another season this weekend (March 20) and the TV drama is inspired by Jane Austen’s unfinished final novel. The six-episode season sees Charlotte Heywood (played by Rose Williams) return in unexpected circumstances. Yet one character, Lord Babington (Mark Stanley) is absent from the new series and Express.co.uk has all you need to know. The Jane Austen adaptation, originally airing on ITV, has faced difficult times since it launched. The series was axed back in 2019 after one season, but PBS revealed it would return for seasons two and three. A number of the stars will not feature in the new series, including Theo James, who played Sidney Parker. Two more stars are not returning and they are Mark Stanley and James Stringer actor Leo Suter. Fans of the period drama are keen to know why actor Stanley decided to leave. READ MORE: Sanditon season 2: Charlotte Haywood still 'heartbroken' by betrayal A representative for the show told TV Line: "Due to several reasons including scheduling conflicts neither Mark Stanley nor Leo Suter will be returning to the next season of Sanditon. "We are extremely grateful to Mark and Leo and wish these two talented actors the very best for the future." By the end of the first season, Lord Babington was married to his true love, Esther (Charlotte Spencer). The new seasons will air on Masterpiece on PBS in the US and BritBox in the UK. Sadly Stanley could not be a part of the show as he went on to star in the TV film, Elizabeth Is Missing. Since the first season aired he also featured in White House Farm and Honour. Fans would have also seen him in Anne Boleyn, The Bay and Trigger Point. The 33-year-old actor has been extremely busy over the past few years. By the time news of the second season of Sanditon came to light, in May 2021, he was busy working on other projects. Thankfully his story arc was wrapped up by the end of the first series. DON'T MISS... Sanditon season 2: Charlotte Heywood's new love interest unveiled [INSIGHT] Sanditon season 2 cast: who is joining the series? [EXPLAINER] Sanditon season 2 release date, cast, trailer, plot [INSIGHT] Babington knew exactly what he wanted in life when he started to pursue Esther. Esther could not be easily won over by him, but he continued to try and earn her affection. He ended up giving Esther the space she needed and his patience eventually brought rewards. Fans will have to wait and see whether he is officially written out of the series. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the character. Sara said: "I love Esther and Babington! Hoping we see more of their story in #SanditonS2! #Sanditon #SanditonPBS." Jayce added: "Absolutely love Esther and Lord Babington. 'Be more Babbers' should be the philosophy! "Can't wait to see Esther's return and how she copes with the reappearance of her brother. "Fingers crossed that her inner steel comes to the fore! #Sanditon #SanditonS2."  Sanditon season 2 airs on Sunday, March 20 on BritBox in the UK.