Prince William wrote to Cambridgeshire County Council on Monday to express his best wishes and good luck ahead of the launch of a new environmental initiative. The council launched earlier this week Cambridgeshire COP, a year-long project set to bring together countywide organisations to share information on Cambridgeshire’s current position in the race to net zero. Praising the initiative, The Duke of Cambridge said: "I write to wish The Cambridge Climate Change year of action every success. "We face devastating planetary and humanitarian crises if we do not act now. "But I am optimistic. Humanity has the ingenuity and determination to increase biodiversity, decarbonise transport, reduce waste and tackle global warming. "It requires business, researchers, entrepreneurs, governments and the public to come together. "It is why I launched The Earthshot Prize and why I applaud Cambridge's initiative. "Thank you for your leadership and good luck with today's launch. "I am with you every step of the way." The letter was dated February 28 and was signed off by William. READ MORE: Prince George’s rumoured new school The Duke of Cambridge's letter was shared on Twitter by the county council's official account, which added: "HRH The Duke of Cambridge sent a personal message of support to today’s launch of a year long Cambridgeshire COP aiming to put the county at the forefront of the UK's efforts to fight climate change." Ahead of the launch of Cambridgeshire COP, Council Leader Cllr Lucy Nethsingha said to have been inspired by the gathering of world leaders and diplomats in Glasgow last November. During the year, Cambridgeshire COP will include a series of events and activities led by a range of different organisations from the public and private sector in the county. In November, while world leaders will meet at COP27 in Egypt, Cambridgeshire COP will also coordinate a series of projects in the county.   Cllr Nethsingha said ahead of yesterday's meeting: "Cambridgeshire County Council is not alone in declaring a ‘climate emergency’ and in having a Climate Change strategy, which we revised and approved earlier this month. "We know we aren’t in this fight alone. We want to use this year to involve the widest possible range of people in discussing and finding solutions to the issues facing our world, which might be piloted in Cambridgeshire with the potential to be scaled up for the rest of the UK." Mayor Doctor Nik Johnson, agreeing, added: "The whole world needs to do more and go faster, that was the message I brought back from attending COP26 in Glasgow – it didn’t achieve everything that was hoped but it inspired many people to do more and we want to capitalise on that inspiration. "Cambridgeshire and Peterborough are ideally placed to support the UK and the whole world in delivering ideas and activities that others can follow. And we know that there is more we can learn by working together." Prince William ramped up his interest and work on the environment in recent years. In October 2020, he launched the Earthshot Prize, a decade-long initiative awarding £1million to five people, organisations or institutions every year for the next 10 years presenting workable solutions to the five biggest challenges faced by the planet, including reducing waste and tackling climate change. The first award ceremony successfully took place in October last year at Alexandra Palace in London. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were among those who attended in person and took the centre stage to deliver the awards. The next ceremony is scheduled to take place next autumn in the US - albeit Kensington Palace hasn't announced a location yet. William also took centre stage during COP26, taking part in a series of events on the sidelines as well as the evening reception officially launching the climate change summit. During a panel and events, the Duke introduced to businesses and diplomats the 15 finalists of the first year of the Earthshot initiative.