Prince Harry stepped down from his role as a senior royal alongside his wife Meghan Markle two years ago. He has only returned to the UK twice since the exit — for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip and for the unveiling of a statue of his mother Princess Diana. Earlier this month, it emerged that Harry will not be returning for the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service on Tuesday. The decision was tweeted by Omid Scobie, the author of 'Finding Freedom', who added that Harry was hopeful he could be reunited with his grandmother, the Queen, in due course.He tweeted: "A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirms that Prince Harry will not be returning to the UK for the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of Prince Philip on March 29."He does, however, hope to visit the Queen as soon as possible."While the spokesperson did not give a reason for Harry’s absence, it comes as the Duke is involved in a legal battle with the Home Office over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for his family while in the UK. READ MORE: William plans to END Queen's top rule in royal revolution Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield has claimed that the security row is not behind Harry’s decision to stay in the US, instead she claimed that the Duke is "trying to make a statement” by not joining his family for the service.Ms Schofield told Express.co.uk: “So that is an event, the memorial, where he would have that security that he’s asking for, so it feels like this is just him trying to make a statement."The founder and creator of Los Angeles-based royals site ToDiForDaily.com suggested that Harry could be given security for the service.She continued: “We know that when he came back for the funeral that he was given the security that he says he needs constantly —  he's given that security when it’s a state event, when there is a heightened event that the entire family is going to be involved in. “It doesn’t feel like he’s sincerely concerned, it feels like this is just him trying to make a statement and saying if you don’t give me my way, I’m going to do this.”Similarly, Angela Levin, Harry’s biographer, was critical of his decision.She told The Sun: "He has snubbed the Duke of Edinburgh but really he is snubbing the Queen."He has got this all wrong. If he comes over for a royal event he gets police protection. What they won't do is, if he goes out with his friends he gets security. DON'T MISS: 'They're getting cross!' Prince William and Kate in stitches after awkward photo moment [LATEST]Kate Middleton and Prince William’s horror as plane once caught in ‘heavy thunderstorms’ [INSIGHT]Royal poll: Are Commonwealth countries waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? [ANALYSIS] "He'll probably use this same excuse to try to get out of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations."Scrutiny was exacerbated by the Duke's confirmation that he will travel to The Hague, in the Netherlands, for the Invictus Games, next month.On the matter, Ms Schofield said: “I would say you’re going to be much more secure in a world full of world leaders and influencers that are there celebrating Prince Philip than you are at the Invictus Games — that's my personal opinion.”Harry’s legal representatives claim he “inherited a security risk at birth, for life” which necessitated the need for such security measures. They said: “In absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return home.”The Duke has said he wants to bring family across when he makes the journey from California to London, but does not “feel safe” to do so without police protection.Archie, two, has not returned to the UK since the Sussexes’ departure, while Lilibet, who was born in June, has never visited her father’s home country.The Queen and Prince Charles have not yet met the youngest Sussex child, despite reports claiming that they are desperate to be introduced. Both Her Majesty and Charles are expected to attend Philip’s memorial service at Westminster Abbey.The congregation will include family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of the many charities and organisations the Duke of Edinburgh was associated with. Express.co.uk has contacted Prince Harry's representative for comment.