Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, 40, has often been compared to Queen Elizabeth II but is mindful to modernise the monarchy for her future reign. A recently-aired royal documentary shed insight into the life, past, present, and future, of Kate. Royal experts noted the Duchess has taken on an increasing number of roles and is slowly but steadily helping shake up the institution. Channel 5's Kate: Our Queen in Waiting discussed how even though Kate is introducing new ways to navigate through royal life, she was "careful to recognise and respect the more traditional values of the royals". Speaking on the documentary, royal expert Emily Andrews noted the changes made by Kate are done in "small and incremental" ways. She adds: "There's no criticism of what's been done before, or what's gone before. "She will do them in a very kind of 'don't fight the horses' kind of way. "I think it is one of the things that have served her so well in adapting to life in the Royal Family because it is incredibly difficult." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks Kate & William backlash overseas Kate and William met whilst studying at the University of St Andrews in Scotland between 2001 and 2005. After a short break from each other, their romance was quickly rekindled. In 2010, their engagement was announced to the world. The couple married in April 2011 at Westminster Abbey, London. They have since welcomed three children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six and Prince Louis, three. READ MORE: Piers Morgan divides fans as he mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast The Cambridges’ former private secretary Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton has previously said that the couple will both bring positive attributes to their new future roles. He said William will understand where the "institution sits" on issues, while Kate will have "pragmatic awareness". Mr Lowther-Pinkerton told PEOPLE magazine: "The Duchess brings this pragmatic awareness of what it's like to be from a decent, down-to-earth family." He adds: "William has the experience of knowing where the institution sits and seeing it evolve". DON'T MISS Meghan Markle fans rejoice at video of Kate seemingly being snubbed [REVEAL] Royal Family: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim [SPOTLIGHT] Royal author Tom Quinn has said that Kate was a safe addition to the Royal family. Mr Quinn said: “Kate has been a perfect [companion] because she’s so calm and stable” “She’s very calm, very rational. And I think that’s why the royal family feels safe”. After the exit of Meghan and the still split opinions on Camilla, Kate is prepared to become the main female power force of the Royal Family.