Meteorologist Matt Taylor has hinted the weather in the UK "will get sunnier" during his forecast on BBC Breakfast on Thursday. Mr Taylor took BBC viewers through the latest weather maps after widespread rainfall in southern England on Wednesday. Mr Taylor told BBC Breakfast: "It will get sunnier and not like this, as we saw yesterday because in some parts of southern England there was around half a month's worth of rain in just 12 hours, particularly parts of Dorset, Wiltshire, and Oxfordshire. "But just to show how quickly our weather could turn look at our weather symbols on our capital leads for the next few days of sunshine coming our way. "Lots of shower cloud there in Belfast and that's because there will be a few showers across the country today. "St Patrick's Day starting wet for some across Ireland here it is a band of rain just working its way eastwards quite smartly at the moment so there will be bits of sunshine either side of that.  "Some showers quickly into western Scotland," he continued. "Elsewhere though a sunny but frosty start for many of us whilst we will continue to see some sunshine in the south and east. "Cloud amounts will increase for many of us throughout the day a few showers dotted around chiefly in Scotland, Northern Ireland the odd heavy one...as well. "Blustery winds continued across the north and the west of the country and here temperatures around seven or eight degrees but lighter winds further south could get up to around 14 degrees as we go through this afternoon."  He added: "Into tonight though the shower clouds will generally fade away from the northwest of Scotland and other clear skies or frost development to take us into tomorrow morning and that could be some dense fog patches as well." "But beyond that, plenty of sunshine." A forecast from weather company MeteoGroup UK has said on Thursday Britons could face daytime showers which will clear during the evening. "Overnight will then be dry with long clear spells however there will be variable amounts of cloud in the north and west bringing the slim chance of a shower," said MeteoGroup.  According to the forecast, Friday  will see "patches of mist and fog will form under clear skies and will be most extensive in the south." "Any early patches of mist and fog will soon lift and clear during the morning" added the forecast. "It will then be fine during the day as it will be dry and bright with long spells of Spring sunshine, however, there will be some variable cloud building in places. Remaining dry with clear spells during the evening." For the weekend, MeteoGroup added: "Saturday will continue fine as it will be dry with wall to wall sunshine and little in the way of any cloud cover around. A fine and clear evening. These fine conditions will continue into Sunday as it will be another dry day with lots of sunshine and just some patchy fair-weather cloud around."