Gareth Southgate has been defended by Simon Jordan for his views on the Qatar World Cup. Earlier this month the England boss said it was a “great shame” that some fans won’t travel to the middle east and insisted that no one is “complacent” about the issues in the country. Qatar has, for a long time, come under fire for its poor human rights record and treatment of migrant workers. Meanwhile, male homosexuality is also illegal in the country and is punishable by a prison sentence. And same-sex marriages are not even recognised by the government, while women's rights are much more trammelled than they are in other parts of the world. Southgate hosted a meeting with his players ahead of the team’s recent friendlies to discuss how they could show their opposition to the regime. “The players are thinking through how they best respond and try to affect the things we might be able to affect,” Southgate said. And Qatar 2022 chief executive Nasser Al Khater subsequently told the former defender to “pick his words carefully,” during an interview with Sky Sports News. But Jordan thinks Southgate is well within his rights to hold the views that he does and says the World Cup should not even be taking place in Qatar anyway. MUST READ: Neville claims Liverpool fans only 'quiet' on ownership due to success   “I listened to the [Al Khater] interview and I thought, what a self-serving load of sanctimonious rubbish you’re talking about,” the former Crystal Palace owner told talkSPORT. “Gareth Southgate was absolutely balanced on the conversation. “He acknowledged the complexity of the situation, he didn’t commit himself to any weigh of observational judgement. He talked about the nature of his players being informed and educated and aware of the circumstances. “He didn’t come down on the side of things. He talked about the dynamics of football and the importance of it but also being aware of the subject matter, he acknowledged the difference in cultures. The fact of the matter the World Cup in Qatar is a disgrace - a disgrace that it’s been awarded there. There are issues. DON'T MISS Dortmund chief admits Arsenal history could repeat itself with Haaland Arsenal injury latest: Arteta hopes to have Saka and Ramsdale fit Liverpool boss Klopp granted Premier League wish over five-sub rule      “We all respect cultures, but we also have a right to be able to understand what we are bringing our nations into. And his responses [Al Khater] were at the very best, disingenuous. They spent a lot of money to showpony David Beckham to glamourise and legitimise this tournament as a brand ambassador. “It’s unarguable that their culture, whilst different, does have challenges for fans coming there and Kaveh [Solhekol, Sky Sports reporter] was trying to [get him to] answer those questions. Homosexuality is outlawed and illegal in that country - there is an attitude and disposition towards LGBTQ. And whether we think it has gone too far in our country about some of our own views, there is a legitimate reason to question it, but Gareth Southgate didn’t do any of that. “If he wants to talk about Gareth Southgate relying on propaganda, then he should inform himself exactly what Gareth Southgate said. So he’s accusing Gareth of not being across the facts of the observations that he’s making, whilst not being across the facts of what Gareth has actually said. I think Gareth has played this absolutely right.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 