Formula 1 legend Fernando Alonso has suggested he will not retire for at least another two years as he called on Alpine to ‘dream big’ as the new era of regulations has begun. The comments came before the two-time world champion suffered a frustrating evening at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday. The Jeddah Corniche Circuit saw a stunning battle between Alpine teammates Esteban Ocon and Alonso, with the Frenchman defending incredibly aggressively from the Spaniard. The duo challenged one another for sixth place and Alonso eventually got in front of Ocon as he took the outside line into Turn 1 and aggressively squeezed his teammate around the slow corner. Alonso may have suffered a premature retirement, but his spirits remain high. Shortly before the tremendous race, Alonso insisted he has enough left in the tank to keep racing in F1 for the next few seasons. "I still have a lot to offer,” Alonso said according to DAZN. “Right now I am enjoying Formula 1 a lot. READ MORE: Hamilton's Red Bull fears increase as Marko shares details on promise “I enjoy racing, I am enjoying all the things because Formula 1 is not only the activity on the track, you have a lot of activities off the track and I also enjoy them, so I think that at least two or three years I hope you see me around here.” Alonso has two points after finishing P9 in Bahrain and suffering an abandonment and engine problems in Saudi Arabia. However, it was encouraging signs for Alpine as the car appeared to be third or fourth in terms of performance. “I think we still need four or five races to make any judgement,” Alonso added. “There is still a lot to do. DON'T MISSMercedes' 'power shift' warning as Verstappen and Leclerc fly early onMax Mosley 'shot himself' after being told he had terminal cancerRalf Schumacher has cautious warning for Lewis Hamilton to look for “I think the mentality changed a lot last year. Renault has been struggling in the middle class for the last few years. And we think it is time to change this and dream big. “I hope it arrives soon, I will not drive forever.” Alonso sensationally returned to F1 as he was enticed by the regulations overhaul, with the potential opportunity to collect further podiums and race wins. The 22-race 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Australian Grand Prix on April 10.