But for those who have elected to remain, staying connected and collected is the order of the day. It's just gone 8am when the city's grocery stores begin unlocking their doors. I'm alerted to this fact by my 70-something neighbour, who rings my doorbell like a game show buzzer. Eggs and bulk goods have arrived at the local supermarket and she wants to make sure that I get down there while there are still some left. "Quick, get a move on, or you could end up with nothing to eat," she exhorts, then runs back down the corridor to inform someone else. It's a cold clear day, which would otherwise inspire hope. But the night has been long. My strange dreams were interrupted by air raid sirens and artillery fire in the distance. Waking up is re-entering a reality that seems more surreal than the dream. At the supermarket, true to this morning's intelligence, there are eggs, still laid out in racks for buyers to pick out and put in their bags in any quantity desired. There is no panic buying or long queues. Instead, the situation vaguely recalls shopping on a Saturday night, with a limited amount of customers just shuffling about and the cashiers looking sleepy. In the afternoon, I decide to try my luck at the convenience store across the road. They've had coffee there over the last few days, and the women who work there are always ready to share a laugh, if nervously. I'm not disappointed, and neither are a small army of pensioners who have descended on the shop like a flash mob to scoop up beetroot, onion and potatoes just unloaded off a truck. One of the shop women comes out from the back wielding a huge butcher's knife and begins slashing open the sacks. The pensioners bend down to select what they need and then take a place in a line of emotionless faces. "You're our last hope," I quip to the woman with the knife. "Hey, everyone's got to eat," she responds. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Moments later, I get a call from a friend on the left bank who tells me he's been gifted with a huge sack of provisions. He'd noticed a truck parked below his window surrounded by a crowd of people carrying bags. But when he didn't go down to investigate, one of the men from the truck came to him with dozens of frozen meat patties, as well as French fries and chocolate ice cream. The man greeted him by saying "Glory to Ukraine", then asked for the sack back after it had been emptied of the provisions. Back home, the sun is beginning to set and the streets go quiet really fast. When it rises again tomorrow, so will hope of getting through another day with the help of one's neighbours, family and friends.