Images of Russian tanks have become commonplace following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. And the eagle-eyed amongst us may have noticed a white Z painted on them. While it’s not clear why the tanks bear this letter, in particular, the tag has become widespread with ‘proud’ Russians also starting to use the moniker as a show of support for Mr Putin’s invasion. Explaining the phenomenon on Twitter, Galina Starovoitova Fellow Kamil Galeev wrote: “Z is a letter that Russian Military are putting on their vehicles departing to Ukraine. “Some interpret Z as Za pobedy (for victory). Others - as Zapad (West). “Anyway, this symbol invented just a few days ago became a symbol of new Russian ideology and national identity.” The symbol has been used far and wide across Russia, with cars, vans and properties sporting the bizarre tag. READ MORE: Frustrated Putin shelling 'populated areas' after resistance Professor Michael Clarke, former director of the defence think tank Rusi, told Sky News: “Often these symbols will be location based – they will be communicating where a unit is heading. "If they were only to mark the vehicles as being Russian, you could just use one symbol. “The fact that they are different tells you more – they are probably signs which tell you which units are heading to the north-east or north-west of a district, for example.” And it's not the only symbol being used to show support for the Russian invasion.  Other symbols include a triangle with two lines on either side, a circle with three dots inside and a large triangle with a smaller triangle inside. Mr Galeev added: “Of course all of this is being done in the name of Russian Orthodox Church. Shelling of residential districts, carpet bombings, launching ballistic missiles upon Ukrainian cities. All in the name of Orthodoxy. “Some argue that Russian people don't support this invasion and this is all Putin's responsibility. Yes, decision was taken by Putin and was a surprise even for his ministers. But once it was taken, it found huge popular support. People are cheering, they're proud and enthusiastic. “Russian media and social media accounts that stand for the invasion often put Z in their names or logos. That's how you can detect them.” DON'T MISS: 'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' P [WATCH]Putin’s nightmare: Kremlin faces fight to conceal truth about Ukraine [EXPLAINED]Macron issues broadside claiming UK turned away Ukraine migrants [NEWS] Another hypothesis that’s been touted is that they serve to avoid 'friendly fire' between other Russian combat vehicles, as the Russian and Ukrainian tanks are of the same model. What’s also interesting is that the letter “Z” doesn’t exist in the Russian alphabet creating further speculation around its use on military vehicles.   