Building on the name of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's philanthropic entity Archewell, the name of the Duchess of Sussex's first podcast series for Spotify has been announced as Archetypes. The podcast will explore female stereotypes, and Meghan has vowed to investigate the "labels that try to hold women back". In a one-minute trailer released on Spotify on Thursday, several derogatory comments about women can be heard such as "she's a slut" and "a little emotionally unstable". The clip also included an excerpt of Australian radio presenter Matt Tilley asking actress Amy Schumer in 2015: "Do you have the word skanky in America?" with Schumer replying: "We do have that word". Introducing the new series, Meghan said: "This is how we talk about women: the words that raise our girls, and how the media reflects women back to us... but where do these stereotypes come from?  "And how do they keep showing up and defining our lives?" READ MORE: Dr Shola rages at Prince William in Jamaica ‘people don’t understand' During the series, Meghan is expected to speak with historians, experts and women who have experienced being typecast. Meghan added: "I'm Meghan and this is Archetypes - the podcast where we dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back. "I'll have conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives.  "And I'll talk to historians to understand how we even got here in the first place." A spokesperson for Archewell Audio reportedly confirmed to Page Six last week that the first series will air in the summer, but an exact release date for Archetypes has not been confirmed yet. The news of Meghan's upcoming podcast series has likely delighted royal fans as the project is long-awaited. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are thought to have signed a deal with Spotify back in 2020 for a multi-million-dollar sum following their exit from their senior royal roles.  Aside from a holiday special in December 2020, Archewell Audio hasn't released any new material with the streaming platform until today. DON'T MISS:Meghan's South Africa speech 'moved hearts' but Kate 'sticks to rules' [INSIGHT]Kate and William have 'filled the gap' left by Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS]Dan Wootton blasts Meghan and Harry for 'derailing' Cambridges' tour [VIDEO] Earlier this year, Meghan and Harry raised concerns about COVID-19 misinformation on the platform but said they remained “committed to continuing our work” with Spotify. Spotify and Archewell Audio said on Thursday: "Spotify and Archewell Audio both value responsible stewardship of the audio landscape, and as explained recently, are committed to working closely to support transparency and strong principles of trust and safety." Meghan is an executive producer on the series along with Ben Browning, Archewell's head of content, and Rebecca Sananes, Archewell's head of audio. The new podcast will be produced by Archewell Audio in partnership with Gimlet Media for Spotify. 