Top Boy tells the story of drug dealing gangs around the housing estates of east London. Three years ago when the first series was rebooted by Netflix, Dushane Hill (played by Ashley Walters) had risen to power with plans to make big money. In order to get to that position though, Dushane wasn't afraid to make himself a few enemies along the way - even if it meant using youngsters such as Ats (Keiyon Cook) for his own gain. WARNING: This article contains major spoilers from Top Boy.Ambitious Jamie Tovell (Micheal Ward) was butting heads with Dushane, eager to take over the business around Summerhouse estate. However, Dushane wasn't going to go down without a fight and so decided to stitch up Jamie's family with help from one of the gang's youths Ats Ayittey. As the best friend of Jamie's younger brother Stefan (Araloyin Oshunremi), Ats was able to get into their flat without looking suspicious and plant a bag filled with guns and drugs. Dushane then informed the police who raided the house and arrested Aaron (Hope Ikpoku Jr), his girlfriend Abbie and Stefan. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' To protect his brothers, Jamie confessed to being the owner of the bag and was sent to prison. Fast-forward to season two and Ats' mum Amma (Jolade Obasola) hasn't seen her son for a few days and wanders the streets asking if anybody had seen him. Stefan, who was still furious with Ats for what he did to Jamie, called his phone to check up on his former friend. Elsewhere on the estate, a phone ringing in a skip caught a group of builders' attention and when they went to find it, they also discovered the body of Ats. For the majority of season two, the Summerhouse gang, led by Jaq (Jasmine Jobson) on the streets, were searching for Ats' killer. They got their hands on CCTV footage which showed a young woman pushing Ats into a yellow car. When Jaq and the team got their hands on her, she said that she was paid to befriend Ats and then take him to someone called Dexter. It wasn't too long before they managed to track him down but the reality of the situation quickly escalated. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street twist as Daisy Midgeley uncovers link to Sean Tully? [THEORY]Why did Shone Romulus leave Top Boy as Dris? [EXPLAINER]What time does Top Boy come out? [RELEASE TIME] Having spotted Dexter's car, Kit (Kadeem Ramsay) insisted on double-checking it was really him before getting Dushane involved. He went inside the garage alone to speak to Dexter which is when it was revealed that Kit was behind Ats' murder all along. After being responsible for Jamie going to prison, Kit wanted to get his revenge and so hired Dexter to scare him as a punishment. Unfortunately, one thing led to another and it resulted in Dexter killing the youngster which wasn't part of the plan. In a bid to cover up his tracks, Kit murdered Dexter before Dushane could speak to him which in itself raised suspicions. This wasn't the first time the gangster was involved in attacking Ats as just after Jamie was arrested, he attempted to kill him and Amma but failed to finish the job. Kit later confessed to Jamie about what really happened but when he informed Dushane, the gang leader ordered his execution. Jamie was initially adamant he wasn't going to kill his friend but to keep his brothers safe, he shot Kit in the head and calmly walked away from the crime scene. Top Boy seasons 1-2 are available to watch on Netflix. Top Boy: Summerhouse seasons 1-2 are also available to stream on Netflix.