Kate Garraway's new BBC series sees the Good Morning Britain presenter meeting with patients that have everyday medical conditions and taking them through an immersive medical consultation to help them to understand their illness better. However, viewers became emotional with fashion influencer Hilda's story. Hilda spoke to Kate about being diagnosed with fibroids, which have caused her stomach to swell up. Sharing the statistics of the illness, Kate explained fibroids affect up to 40 per cent of women in the UK. They are non-cancerous growths that form in and around the womb and uterus. For most women, the symptoms are mild and they feel no pain, but for Hilda, it was a different story. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series During the programme, Hilda got to use technology that showed what her uterus looked like inside her stomach. "You look at that and you can see the burden," Kate began as she admitted to feeling emotional. The doctors proceeded to show Hilda what a normal uterus looked like before comparing it to her own. The doctor explained that Hilda's uterus was 40 times bigger than a normal organ and it was similar to carrying a full-time pregnancy. Hilda commented on how "scary" it looked, while Kate said to her pal: "It's terrifying, isn't it? Those are real images." "The graphic reality of what is growing inside my belly is shocking," Hilda said. "I wasn't expecting to be that big, it is shocking." Later on in the episode, Hilda underwent surgery to remove the fibroids from her uterus. Surgeons were stunned to find Hilda had 100 fibroids on her uterus. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [SPOILERS]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [VIDEO] One surgeon went on to explain the operation went smoothly and they were able to save Hilda's uterus so she could have children one day. Hilda broke down in tears after the operation as she reflected on what had happened and the fact she was still able to conceive and carry a child. "The first voice I heard while I was in recovery was your voice," Hilda said to the surgeon as she fought back tears. "And there was such joy in your voice, you said, 'Hilda your surgery went well' and I was just filled with joy even though I was in pain." Viewers took to social media following the show, and many admitted to shedding a tear for Hilda. User @Ladyprogress penned: "Oh My Gosh, I'm in tears for Hilda. I pray she will be ok." Sara asked: "How has Hilda been left like this? It’s horrendous. She must be in a lot of pain #YourBodyUncovered" While Louise added: "Someone needs to hold Hilda's hand #yourbodyuncovered." "Oh, Hilda I have cried for you tonight. You poor love. I was undiagnosed for 7 years with endometriosis/fibroids. Sending you lots of love xoxo #Hilda," Deb tweeted. Joanne said: "How has this poor lady managed to have that many fibroids and that big. Surely her GP should have dealt with these before they got so large?" (sic) Your Body Uncovered with Kate Garraway airs on Wednesday at 8pm on BBC Two.