Colson Smith has wowed people everywhere, not just Coronation Street viewers, with his dramatic weight loss transformation. The actor, who has played Craig Tinker on the ITV soap since 2011, shed around a whopping 10 stone by following a healthy eating and exercise plan over the past two years. But what sort of exercise regime did he follow? It appears the 23-year-old incorporated a mix of high-intensity cardio with weight training to accomplish his goals. Recently, Colson took to Instagram to celebrate his running anniversary. The TV star took up the cardio activity to begin his fitness journey, and never looked back. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Alongside a photo of him running through the city, he captioned the post: "2 Years as a runner. "10th January 2020 I went on my first run... 3086km’s later and I’m still loving every km." He finished his post with a motivational message: "I’ve learned so much about myself while pounding the pavements and trails wherever I find myself. "It’s always a good day to run." DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] Running is an excellent form of exercise for weight loss as it burns a lot of calories in a short space of time. It also continues to burn calories long after a workout and with tweaks to your regular running schedule, the American Council on Exercise found that it can deliver a sustained fat burning boost. Colson also showcased his resistance training workout routine as he worked up a sweat in his garden. With the sun shining, he began with some simple bicep curls before moving on to lifting kettle bells over his head. He ended his circuit with squats for a good full-body burner. The star then repeated his routine and shared the easy to follow video with his followers. And when it comes to his diet, Colson followed a strict food plan with the help of life coach Rob Brennan. He told Lorraine Kelly last year: "We worked through everything I could do to make it as easy as possible. "So I have my breakfast and lunches delivered, and they’re still being delivered now, which means cooking I don't have to think about, I can just eat. "And in terms of the gym, I’ve kind of kept in touch with the gym I’ve been going to in Manchester because they’re putting on lots of training programmes on their app. "I’ve done the odd Joe Wicks PE, and then it’s just making the most out of the situation." 