Novak Djokovic’s former coach Marian Vajda has spoken out following their decision to part ways. The dream 15-year partnership has now come to an end, with the former world number one winning all 20 of his grand slams with Vajda at the helm.  The veteran Slovakian, who is one of the most decorated coaches in tennis history, had taken a step back since 2019 when Goran Ivanisevic joined the team. Now he is no longer part of Djokovic’s team and has now spoken out for the first time since the news broke. Part of his decision to stop coaching Djokovic was his desire for a new challenge. He told Slovakian news outlet Aktuality: “I would like to experience something new later, a new challenge with another player, but the bar is set very high.” The 56-year-old revealed he disagreed with Djokovic opting to compete at last summer’s Tokyo Olympics. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic faces battle to win Grand Slams as failed last Marian Vajda split proves  A gold medal is the last remaining major title the tennis legend has yet to win and he fancied his chances of completing his collection in 2021. But Vajda was not in favour of this, believing his participation in the Games drained him mentally and contributed to his straight-sets defeat in the US Open final last September. “I was not in favour of his participation in Tokyo,” Vajda added. “He ran out of strength in the US Open finals, the Olympics drained him mentally and physically. I understood his goal, he longed to win gold for Serbia.” Djokovic was defeated by Alexander Zverev in the Olympic semi-finals 6-1, 3-6, 1-6 and lost a tight three-setter to Spain’s Pablo Carreno Busta in the bronze medal match, meaning he left the Japanese capital empty-handed. DON'T MISS  That was not the only place he left without silverware, as the former world number one was deported from Australia in January and therefore denied the chance to compete in the Australian Open due to his unvaccinated status. Rafael Nadal produced sensational performances over the fortnight and went on to win his second title at Melbourne Park and his 21st grand slam title in the process. Djokovic is willing to remain unvaccinated even if it means having to skip tournaments and this is also played a role in the mutual decision for Vajda and his star pupil to split. “As an unvaccinated player, he will have a limited number of tournaments, and he already has a strong team with coach Goran Ivanišević,” Vajda said. “After considering all the circumstances, we decided by mutual agreement that we would end our professional cooperation. “I remain Djokovic's biggest fan, I will keep my fingers crossed for him and I hope that the world will return to a more normal life.” Djokovic has shared a heartfelt message to Vajda after their working relationship came to an end. "What a journey together my friend @vajdamarian. 15 years!" he wrote, along with mindblown and smiley face emojis. "You have been by my side during the most important and memorable moments in my career. "Together we have achieved the unachievable and I will forever be grateful for your friendship and dedication. You will always be my family and I can’t thank you enough for everything." 