Manchester United chiefs reportedly remain 'open-minded' over their long-term manager hunt, with decision-makers continuing to grapple with who they should appoint as their new head coach. Ralf Rangnick will leave his role as interim boss at the end of the season, with a long-term replacement for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer now needed. It has been a dreadful campaign for the Red Devils considering the pre-season optimism around Old Trafford. They were knocked out of the FA Cup and Carabao Cup in the early rounds, as well as being dumped out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage. United are unlikely to finish in the top four of the Premier League and with it are set to miss out on qualification for next season's Champions League. But that does not appear to have affected their search for a new boss as of yet. Two names have emerged as the frontrunners - Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag. Pochettino has long been admired by United following his work at Tottenham, with Ten Hag attracting suitors as he continues to turn Ajax into a European force. READ MORE: Man Utd have discussed three alternatives to Ten Hag and Co According to The Telegraph, United began their formal interview process on Monday, with Ten Hag meeting club chiefs. Pochettino will also meet with United, with both managers said to have 'ambitions' to take charge at Old Trafford. But the two frontrunners are not the only prospective bosses who United are set to interview. It is stated that Spain boss Luis Enrique and Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui will also both be interviewed by Red Devils chiefs in the coming weeks. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag perfect manager to continue Rangnick's biggest Man Utd success (INSIGHT)Man Utd woes could be eased by star who wants to 'show what he can do' (ANALYSIS)Berbatov names Man Utd team-mate who trained better than Ronaldo (NEWS) Ten Hag has put himself at the front of the queue following a 'positive' interview, but United bosses have insisted that they remain 'open-minded' on who will get the job. That is despite the Ajax manager and Pochettino having 'garnered the most support' among the key decision-makers. Those decision-makers will need to come to an agreement soon in order to keep to their timetable for an appointment. It is stated that the Red Devils are 'determined' to have their new manager ready to take over almost as soon as the current campaign ends, with the Premier League giants using the international break as a 'short window' to interview candidates.