Currently, people can receive a free bus pass when they reach 66, state pension age. However new scheme opened this year which is offering a free bus pass to people outside the state pension age in Scotland. Various schemes and discounts are available in regions across the UK, like the London Freedom Pass, which offers concessionary travel across the capital city. However, the Scottish Government have announced that applications for its free bus travel scheme for young people between the ages of five and 21 are open. It is believed this new free bus pass scheme will benefit around one million Scottish young people who will now be able to access free travel alongside those of the state pension age. Those under 22 can now get free bus tickets but only in certain parts of the country. As this new scheme has been created by the Scottish Government, only residents in Scotland are eligible for this deal. Those eligible can qualify if they have a new National Entitlement Card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. READ MORE: Payment warning: Shoppers may have their credit and debit cards declined from Monday People in Scotland can access vital public services using their NEC, similar to how the National Smart Card operates in England. It should be noted that old NECs or Young Scot NECs are not eligible for the free bus pass scheme. Anyone who wants to access this travel concession must apply for either a new or replacement card as soon as possible. Without the NEC card, those eligible will not be able to access this financial support and will need to pay for their travel.  The new scheme is part of the Government’s wider initiative to encourage more people to use public transport for essential journeys for over time. Young people are being called to use their access to free bus travel to attend classes, work or for health reasons. Graeme Day, the Scottish Government’s Minister for Transport, outlined why the new discount card is being introduced to young people across the country. Mr Dey said: “I’m delighted that the under-22s free bus travel scheme will go live as planned on January 31, with applications open now for children and young people to get their new or replacement national entitlement card (NEC) or Young Scot NEC. “The current phase of the pandemic means that we are encouraging people to stay at home as much as possible. But there are many essential reasons for children and young people to travel by bus and I am keen that they benefit from this scheme at the earliest opportunity. “Therefore, we are asking that only those for whom bus travel is essential apply at this time. This will help to minimise pressure on local councils, also impacted by the pandemic, which will be processing applications and responding to queries. “Public health must always come first. The approach we are taking will enable children, young people and families who will potentially benefit most from free bus travel to access it from the end of January. “It will also ensure that when we are able to fully publicise the scheme, we can help bus services recover from the impacts of the pandemic and encourage children and young people to travel sustainably.” Those looking to receive a Young Persons’ Free Bus Travel card can apply online at GETYOURNEC.SCOT or on parentsportal.scot, if their child’s school uses that service. From January 31, young people in Scotland under 22 years of age will be able to start receiving their free bus pass for the scheme. Sarah Gadsden, the Chief Executive of the Improvement Service said:“We have been working closely with local Government to ensure that the application process is as easy as possible for young people, parents and guardians and for council staff. Local councils, like many other public services, are impacted by the latest wave of Covid. “By asking only those who make essential journeys by bus to apply at this time, it will help those most in need access vital public services. We look forward to everyone who is eligible applying when restrictions come to an end.”