Serena Williams’s coach Patrick Mouratoglou hailed Andy Murray’s achievement of winning three Grand Slam titles in the era of Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Mouratoglou’s comments come after Murray has reunited with coach Ivan Lendl for a third time. Murray has re-hired Czech legend Lendl as his coach yet again after the pair split in 2017. An eight-time Grand Slam winner, Lendl helped the Brit win three Major titles - including two Wimbledon crowns - and secure the world number one. The duo will reportedly spend several weeks together in the USA after the Miami Open, which began this week. Murray and his team will then prepare for the grass season - and Mouratoglou hailed the 34-year-old for his impressive feats in such a golden era. “I was very surprised that Andy and Ivan started to work together again simply because they broke up two times ago,” Mouratoglou told Sky Sports. “It's more difficult for him to win a Grand Slam now because of his surgery, but Ivan is probably excited to see Andy's motivation. JUST IN: Ashleigh Barty retires at 25 as world No1 leaves tennis ‘feeling proud “What Andy is doing is super-inspiring but he's always been inspiring, winning three Grand Slams at a time when those three guys are playing - Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic - it's incredible! “Being able to reach number one in the world with those three guys playing is also incredible. He's shown in the past how dedicated he is to this game and how much of a crazy hard fighter he is.” Mouratoglou has coached 23-time Grand Slam champion Williams since 2012, and he understands why Murray has turned to Lendl as his career winds down. Murray has already confirmed he will miss the clay court season to focus on the summer. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal's expected return date as Spaniard confirms injury layoffBoris Becker ‘hid his trophies to avoid settling debts'Rafael Nadal's chances of French Open triumph after latest injury He added: “I don't feel like Andy's goal is to win a Grand Slam because I don't think he can see himself doing that at the moment but to do the best he can. He has always been like this throughout his career, with this mindset, to do the best he can. “I think it's great and I can completely imagine him reaching a quarters or a semis of a Grand Slam, why not? And if he does, then everything is possible.” The first grass court events take place from June 6, with Murray set to play at the Stuttgart Open. If he is fit enough, the Brit will likely enter Queen's Club the following week and Eastbourne to complete his preparation before the start of Wimbledon on Monday June 27.