Red Bull have been sent a reliability warning from ex-driver Paul Di Resta ahead of this weekend’s race. Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez suffered mechanical failures in the closing stages of last week’s race. Verstappen was forced to peel into the pits after battling with Charles Leclerc for the lead. Meanwhile, Perez spun on the exit of turn one and retired from what would have been a podium for the Mexican. Red Bull have claimed they have solved the issue which plagued the cars last weekend but Di Resta isn’t so sure. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he warned Verstappen will still be “nervous” heading into the closing stages of the race. READ MORE: Max Verstappen makes Kardashians reference in dig at Drive to Survive He said: “I think they know it hurts losing those points. If it's going to happen, you want it to happen in the first race. "I guess you don’t want to be mid-season because at least you’ve got a bit of time to fix it and at least you're on top of teething issues very early on in the year. He added: “The only bit I think [Verstappen] will be nervous about this weekend is honestly probably the last four or five laps of this Grand Prix to see if they’ve got a fix. I don’t see how you replicate the issues that they’ve had. “They’ve got all the way through winter testing, through qualifying with this fuel issue not even showing anything. If you’re leading the Grand Prix it's going to be at the back of your mind for a long time.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen sticks to his guns in brutal Red Bull assessment  [INSIGHT]Hamilton handed Verstappen blow as Red Bull ‘make several changes' [COMMENT]Max Verstappen discusses Charles Leclerc relationship after incident [ANALYSIS] The issue was diagnosed as a faulty fuel pump which led to a lack of fuel pressure. Verstappen was angered by his retirement and hit out at Red Bull after the race, warning it “shouldn't happen”. A spokesperson for the team added: “We’ve taken the necessary steps to correct this issue and we expect no problems this weekend.” However, last week Ted Kravitz suggested the part which failed on the Red Bull’s could hit any driver this weekend. He said: “It's a common part, this fuel pump is a common part amongst all the teams. They’ve had some problems with it, they could see the problems coming, so they allowed all the teams an extra opportunity in parc ferme to inspect this fuel pump. “Some teams needed to replace it… because they could see at the bottom of the tank it wasn’t collecting all the fuel that was available. And it was having some problems perhaps, I’ve been told, with the E10 fuel, so there might be an issue there.”