Prince Andrew reached an out-of-court settlement – reported to be in the ballpark of £12million – with his accuser Virginia Giuffre last month, bringing to an end the civil case which has left his reputation in tatters. Ms Giuffre, 39, alleged she was trafficked by convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein and that the Duke of York had sexually assaulted her three times when she was 17 years old. The Duke accepted no liability and has always denied any wrongdoing. According to this story in The Mirror, the Queen could be helping her son fund part of the settlement. The Duke of York is widely reported to have borrowed family money to help pay Ms Giuffe, with the Sun reporting this week that Prince Charles has also lent the Duke some of his personal funds. Part of the settlement will see the Duke make a "substantial donation" to Ms Giuffre's charity in support of victims' rights. According to the Mirror, a royal source said: “[The Queen] could not be seen to be making a payment to a victim of sexual assault, who accused her son of being an abuser. “But a deal was structured in such a way to arrange a sizeable financial contribution to the settlement by way of a charitable donation instead.” Should the Royal Family be forced to declare where Prince Andrew's settlement cash is coming from? Despite reports claiming no public money was used, there are still calls for the Palace to confirm where the funding for the Duke’s settlement came from. When Prince Andrew was a working royal — up until the 2019 Newsnight interview that saw this case blow up and forced him to retreat from public life — he earned around £250,000 per year as a working royal. But aside from an estimated £20,000 per year earned by the Duke from his armed forces pension, it is unclear how much money the Duke has access to. Prince Andrew owns some properties that could be used to foot at least some of the bill, with a chalet in Switzerland currently up for sale. In the wake of the scandal, Prince Andrew is facing pressure to relinquish his Duke of York title after the Queen stripped him of his military affiliations and royal patronages in January. He also lost the right to use the title His Royal Highness in an official capacity. However, he was permitted to keep his Duke of York title. At the time, Buckingham Palace said in a statement: "With the Queen's approval and agreement, the Duke of York's military affiliations and Royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. "The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen." The Queen cannot remove titles of peerage without passing a statute through Parliament, despite her ability to grant Dukedoms. DON'T MISS:Queen and Prince Philip broke royal tradition with Prince Edward birth [REVEALED]Prince Philip's brutal assessment of Joe Pasquale laid bare [INSIGHT]Key development in Prince Andrew case: ‘Taken everyone by surprise’ [EXPERT] Royal experts have said Prince Andrew’s reputation cannot be rebuilt despite settling the sexual abuse lawsuit with Virginia Giuffre. Royal expert Robert Jobson told Femail: “The fact that there's been a settlement doesn't necessarily mean that [Andrew's] reputation is rebuilt.” There were fears that as well as affecting the Royal Family’s reputation, the Duke of York’s civil lawsuit could overshadow the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee year. In January, Joe Little, the managing editor of Majesty magazine, said: “The Queen, Charles and William, mindful of the damage being done [by Andrew] to the institution of monarchy, may have to take decisive action before the situation goes from bad to worse.” Queen Elizabeth II has now reigned for 70 years – the longest-serving British monarch in history – yet the decision to abolish the monarchy is of continual debate. Following the settlement of Prince Andrew’s lawsuit, the question of whether the monarchy has a role in modern Britain is increasingly discussed. Gideon Skinner, head of political research at Ipsos in the UK, said: "There is no denying that the Royal Family has had a turbulent few years, but public opinion still contains more supporters than critics of the institution. "In the run-up to the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, Queen Elizabeth II remains the most popular member of the royal family, with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also cementing their position." Buckingham Palace has declined to comment on the financing of Prince Andrew's legal case. Express.co.uk has reached out for clarification.