David Beckham's stalker Sharon Bell has been accused of harassing the footballing legend, 46, and repeatedly attempting to contact him. It comes after Bell, 58, was accused of turning up to the school that his daughter, Harper, 10, attends, while pretending to be another student's mum. Bell also reportedly turned up at the former England footballer's West London home. She is said to have contacted the Beckhams as far back as six years ago, but is also said to have sent the sportsman a letter in October. The Met Police has charged her with "acts associated with stalking", according to reports. Bell was handed an interim stalking order and was banned from approaching or contacting immediate members of David's family. READ MORE: Max Verstappen blasted by Chris Evans for 'rude' radio comments Additionally, she was banned from coming within 500 metres of their London home, Cotswolds mansion and Harper's school. The charges read: "You attended this address. "On October 6, 2021, he received a letter from you at his London address, and on November 18, 2021 you attended Mr Beckham’s daughter’s school address and attempted to see her." She has been charged with "pursuing a course of conduct which amounted to the stalking of David Beckham." Bell has not yet entered a plea. She is due to appear at Westminster magistrates court on March 28. It comes after David and Victoria donated £1million to Ukraine in a bid to help "families torn apart" and "children pulled from their beds" as a result of Russia's invasion. The power couple have “kickstarted” an appeal to provide aid to the children of Ukraine as Russia’s invasion continues to devastate the country. David launched UNICEF’s Emergency Appeal with an emotional message earlier in the month to his 71 million Instagram followers. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts [ANALYSIS]'Won't be cancelled' Expert on Piers Morgan's war on cancel culture [UPDATE] The former footballer solemnly said in a video: “Like you, I have watched the situation in Ukraine unfold with horror and disbelief. “Mothers forced to flee with their children. Families torn apart. Children pulled from their beds to become refugees overnight. “With my family safe around me, I felt the helplessness we all share when faced with scenes of such despair. "That’s why I’m setting up an emergency appeal through my 7 Fund for UNICEF to help provide immediate aid. “Victoria and I have made a donation on behalf of our family to kickstart the appeal. “We would be so grateful if you would join us to help UNICEF support these innocent children.” A source close to the couple states they have donated £1million out of their own pocket to help the initiative. They told MailOnline: “David and Victoria personally donated £1m to the emergency appeal set up via David’s dedicated 7 Fund for UNICEF. “They wanted to do everything they could to help UNICEF in their work on the ground in Ukraine.” 