The Government has not yet confirmed how much NHS prescription charges will rise by April 1, but in the past 10 years, Britons have seen their NHS prescription charges go up by 26.35 percent. If this trend continues, we can expect NHS prescription charges to rise from £9.35 to £9.57 in a few weeks. Research by Chemist4U shows prescriptions have risen by an average of 2.35 percent year-on-year so it is possible this is what Britons will see this year. The cost of medicine is rising, putting pressure on the NHS’ finances. In 2019, the NHS spent over £9billion on prescriptions in England. This is £248million more than in 2018. These extra costs end up being passed on to the public every April in the form of prescription charge rises. This is worrying given the cost of living crisis, as well as the rising energy bills to come pinching household budgets. In England, the NHS prescription charge rose to £9.35 per prescription item in 2021 and it’s expected this will rise again on April 1 – combined with other changes being made that could impact millions of Britons. While Government is considering proposals to increase the age people get free prescriptions from 60 to 66, it’s also likely that prices will increase in April predicting to hit £13.25 by 2035, the research showed. Michael Orton from the Commission for Social Security recently told Express.co.uk that things are so bad that people are worried about going to the doctor. He said: “I've heard a lot of stories from people worried about going to the doctor because prescriptions are expensive.” Age UK has also been speaking to people who feel they are being forced to put their health at risk, because they don’t know where they’ll find the extra money. The charity's director Caroline Abrahams said they're asking the Government to change its mind. She said: “We are urging the Secretary of State to drop a bad idea which flies in the face of other Government priorities, one which was developed before he joined the Department.” To save money, people can buy a Prepayment Certificate (PPC) which costs £108.10 for the year. Depending on how many prescriptions people need per month this could save them a fortune. Martin Lewis, the money saving expert found that people missed out on savings of around £40 due to not having a PPC. Mr Lewis is urging people with more than one prescription each month, including those with chronic conditions, to check the savings they could be making on medication costs. These certificates can be a money saver for those with multiple, chronic prescriptions, however those who just receive the odd medication every few months could end up paying more with this certificate. The prepayment certificate can be purchased for a three month or one year period, and helps to cover the cost of pharmacy dispensed medication over either three months or one year. In April 2021, prescription costs increased to £9.35 per item and annual PPC costs rose to £108.10. Alternatively, people can purchase a three-month season ticket. This costs £30.25, which could save someone money if they buy four or more prescriptions during that time.