Having change in your purse is slowly becoming a thing of the past, and while fewer people pay with change, there is still a huge community of specialist coin collectors. Earlier this week, a rare penny went up for public auction and a buying frenzy occurred. The royal memorabilia entered into fractional ownership - a scheme that allows ordinary members of the public to buy shares for just £50. And with its value only set to increase in years to come, there are few shares left to purchase. A 1937 King Edward VIII Penny went on sale yesterday causing a buyer stampede. Despite being valued at £200,000, the 85-year-old penny is believed to be the first piece of royal memorabilia to enter into fractional ownership - a scheme that allows ordinary members of the public to buy shares for just £50. Of the 3,500 shares available to buy, 2,864 were snapped up on the first day. That means there is just 18 percent of shares in the coin left to buy. The public offering was initially planned to remain open until the end of the month but is now expected to close early with the remaining shares expected to sell out in the coming days. READ MORE: Daily horoscope for March 9: Your star sign reading for today Experts say the coin’s allure stems from the fact it never entered public circulation owing to the monarch’s abdication. As for the history of the coin, the Royal Mint scheduled the issue of the King Edward Penny for 8am on January 1, 1937 but the plans were quickly abandoned when Edward abdicated the throne on December 11, 1936 amid a deepening constitutional crisis over his relationship with the American socialite Wallis Simpson. As head of the Anglican church, Edward had been forbidden from marrying Wallis because of her status as a divorcée. The Royal Mint’s decision to drop the coinage was widely reported by the newspapers of the day. But what the editors didn’t know was that a presentation example of the coin - known in numismatic circles as a “proof” - had in fact already been minted. A peculiarity in the coin’s design, which has added to its rich folklore, concerns Edward’s effigy which ought to have faced away from his predecessor George V who looked left. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton’s ‘loyalty’ and ‘integrity’ shown with signature jewel [STYLE]Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week [INSIGHT]Weight loss: New mum shed 1.7st of fat in 3 months - here’s how [PICTURES] According to archivists at the Royal Mint, Edward fretted that the inclusion of his right side would break up an otherwise solid fringe of hair. He was insistent that his left side made for a more beguiling portrait. According to the Royal Mint’s files, Edward asked for the penny soon after abdication but was turned down. No longer under his brother’s thumb, George personally blocked the request, and as the penny had never passed through the Royal Proclamation, it was never deemed, official. It was perhaps the first shot in a bitter feud between the two men which would ultimately leave Edward an outcast. Historians say George was furious at what he saw as the selfishness of the abdication and made it clear in subsequent phone calls to his brother that he was determined to cut his access to public monies - including the famous penny. Incredibly, files unearthed at the Royal Mint revealed the two brothers were still at loggerheads over the issue just weeks before George’s death. The documents - dated December 1951 - reveal Edward was still making enquiries about his penny at this time but would again be disappointed. King George VI died on February 6, 1952, and though Edward survived him by 20 years, the penny would always elude him. Exactly what happened to the penny over the years is shrouded in mystery, but historians believe an American collector may have purchased the coin from the Royal Mint at a date unknown In 1978, it surfaced at auction fetching £25,000 before being sold again in 2019 for £133,000. The most recent £200,000 appraisal - by the London coin dealer A. H. Baldwin & Sons - means its value has shot up another 50 percent in just two-and-a-half years. Weighing 9.36g and measuring 3.08cm, the current price tag makes it 500 times more precious than gold on a gram for gram basis, and 20 million times more valuable than its own face value. It is the only privately traded example of the coin which exists. The Edward VIII Penny was acquired by the collectables platform Showpiece.com earlier this year. Dan Carter, the co-founder of Showpiece.com, commented: “We knew sales volumes would be strong based on the number of collectors who had registered interest with us online, but we never expected to sell the majority of shares in the first 24 hours. “Though the UK has been our strongest market, there’s been huge overseas interest too, particularly from India, Australia, and Canada. “If the current momentum continues then we expect to sell out all remaining shares in the coming days.”