 Furthermore, it sparked immediate speculation that Kane would once again this summer be on the lookout for a club that could end that elusive hunt for silverware, with Manchester City and Manchester United leading contenders for his signature. Kane has made no secret of how the lack of medals is haunting him and pushed hard for a move ahead of the start of this season. The subsequent arrival of Antonio Conte, though, has reignited his commitment to some sort of future at Spurs - and he readily admits he has spoken openly at the club about continuing to develop under the Italian. However, that is only provided a return to Champions League football is included as part of the package - as well as Conte remaining at the club. “The manager is a fantastic coach, I’ve said that now on many occasions,” Kane said. “I really enjoy working with him, so it’s down to us players to take that responsibility.  “A lot of us want to be playing in the Champions League. We haven’t played in it now for a couple of years but it’s where we think the club should be. “It's about feeling that pressure. If we want to move forward as a team, it's about taking responsibility and we can't hide away from it. “Obviously there’s 12 games left now so there’s still a lot of opportunity to pick up points and it’s just down to being more consistent. That’s what we’ve got to try to do until the end of the season. “We can’t hide away from the fact and we can't keep saying, 'We're learning, we're improving'. We're there, we're in amongst it. All we've got to do is be more consistent.”  With a World Cup to come at the end of the year, Kane also sees it as an opportunity to polish off his own game under Conte’s close watch. “I feel like I’m in a great place,” Kane said. “I’m 28 now, I feel like physically I’m in a really good place. “I feel mentally, my game understanding and my awareness on the pitch is at a really high level from just gaining experience over the years. “Antonio has definitely given me more strings to my bow. I’m always someone who tries to improve.”  Kane also suggested that in his own mind he is barely half-way through a senior career that did not really kick-start at Spurs and England until he was 21. “When I’m 35, 36 I’ll still be trying to improve. That’s just my mindset. But for sure, I’m in a good place. It’s nice to be scoring goals, winning games, helping the team. “Overall, it’s about working hard, keeping my head down. There’s always stuff I can improve on, whether it’s finishing, hold up play, passing. “And that’s what I’ll continue to do. But for sure, I feel like there’s more and more to come. And I’m excited for that.” 