Max Verstappen is preparing to defend his world title after winning in controversial fashion last December. Fans will be wondering if Verstappen's rivalry with Lewis Hamilton will continue this year. Red Bull's poster child was quizzed on who might present the biggest threat to his throne in the coming months, to which he replied that Ferrari had been “consistently fast.” But it would still be foolish to dismiss Mercedes, especially given how tense Verstappen and Hamilton's rivalry became. It arguably became personal at Silverstone in July, when Hamilton collided with Verstappen, sending the Dutchman into the wall before going on to win the race. Following the race, the Red Bull star accused his Mercedes counterpart of being "disrespectful'' with his celebrations post-race. He said: "[It is] disrespectful if one guy is in the hospital and the other one is waving the flag around like nothing has happened while you push the guy into the wall with 51G. "Not only that, just the whole reaction of the team besides that. That's not how you celebrate a win, especially a win how they got it. "That's what I found really disrespectful and in a way it shows how they really are, it comes out after a pressure situation. But I wouldn't want to be seen like that." Despite being penalised for his role in the crash, Hamilton said after the race that he would try the move again. He said: “In terms of the move, I would do it exactly the way... I did it last [time]. In terms of how I’ve reviewed it and analysed from all my experience, and my experience obviously with over the years speaks for a lot, I wouldn’t change it." Christian Horner, Red Bull's Team Principal, was also left furious, accusing Hamilton of "dirty driving". Speaking to Formula1.com he said: "For me, it’s very clear: Lewis has stuck a wheel up the inside of one of the fastest corners on this world championship. "He’s driven this circuit for years; you know you don’t do that here. The result – thank God we haven’t had a driver that’s been seriously injured or worse today." Speaking to Channel 4, he added: "I think it was a desperate move. He failed to make the move in the first part of the lap, which he was obviously geared to do, and then it was just a desperate move sticking a wheel up the inside which you just don't do. "Copse is one of the fastest corners in the world. You don't stick a wheel up the inside. That's just dirty driving." READ MORE: Hill presents damning theory behind Verstappen's 'diminished' title Later that season, Verstappen and Hamilton clashed again at Monza. The drivers went into turns one and two side by side. The Red Bull car bounced off the curb and into the air before landing on Hamilton's Mercedes in a terrifying incident. Following the crash, Verstappen got out of his car and walked straight off track, muttering: "That's what happens when you don't leave enough space." Hamilton said after the race: “I feel very, very fortunate today. Thank God for the halo. "That ultimately saved me. And saved my neck. I don’t think I have ever been hit on the head by a car before and it is quite a shock for me. "If you see the image, my head is quite far forward. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen claims Ferrari pace 'good for F1' and faces new threat [INSIGHT] F1 star Pierre Gasley's brutal assessment of Yuki Tsunoda 'mistakes' [ANALYSIS] Lando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and Verstappen [INSIGHT] "I have been racing for a long, long time and I am so so grateful I am still here and feel incredibly blessed that someone was watching over me today." Ahead of next season, Verstappen has dismissed the speculation over Mercedes' performance after Hamilton claimed the team "won't be fighting for wins". Asked about another season of battling the Silver Arrows, he said this week: "It's always like this. "If someone is doing well or a team that everyone expects to do well, then it’s: 'Oh no, we're definitely not the favourite.’ “And then a week later, when things do go well, all of a sudden it's: 'Oh no, but we turned it around completely within a week. Not normal, unbelievable work. Thanks to all people in the factory!’”