Lewis Hamilton appears as motivated as ever for the new F1 season after his heartbreaking defeat in Abu Dhabi, but Johnny Herbert believes Toto Wolff will have to work his magic in order to keep the British racing superstar on the top of his game. The events which unfolded in Abu Dhabi are still a hot topic among F1 fans with Hamilton supporters still angry at the manner in which the championship was ultimately decided. There were growing reports throughout the offseason that Hamilton was considering his future in F1 having taken a social media hiatus ever since the race in Abu Dhabi. The 37-year-old eventually broke his silence ahead of the Mercedes W13 car launch and appeared as motivated as ever. Hamilton said: “If you think that what you saw of me at the end of last year was my best, wait till you see this year. I am putting every ounce of my energy and time into making sure that I’m the best you have ever seen.” But the British driver did hint that he was contemplating his future in the sport and needed to use the offseason to refocus and recharge. Wolff even admitted on several occasions that there was no guarantee Hamilton would return. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton shoots down George Russell fears with 'genuine' comment  Thankfully for Mercedes, they avoided the scenario of Hamilton calling quits on his F1 career for the new season. This season will be Hamilton's 10th season with Mercedes having added an incredible six world championships to the one he picked up at McLaren. Hamilton needed a bit of convincing to leave McLaren then for Mercedes for the 2013 season and Herbert believes Wolff would have needed to do the same this time around to bring him back. Herbert said: "It got taken away from Lewis through no fault of his own, then you've got to walk away and I thought what he did after the race when they did the interviews was brilliant. He really did do a great job of giving a clap to Verstappen for winning it in a situation that was awful. DON'T MISS  "Then you've got to go away and ask, 'Am I still motivated to do it?' The team and Toto, I'm sure, have got to do a good job to motivate him to say 'we're going to get something special for you to win that championship again'. "They've got to show him, like they did originally, when he went from McLaren to Mercedes, and prove that they've got what it takes to win that next championship. He's coming to the end of his career and that motivation is something that looks very, very strong. "He still loves it and still wants to drive the car. He still wants to push himself and have a race with Max, Charles, Carlos and maybe George so that will always be there. I'm glad he's made the decision to stay on. I think it was probably always there in his heart to continue."