Max Verstappen brushed off Christian Horner’s fury after Red Bull's disaster at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The defending champion was in second place before a dramatic retirement in the closing stages saw him finish with zero points. The Dutchman was fuming at the end of the race, but admitted he has “been angrier” and vowed to come back stronger. "The speed is there, that's not the problem. We were already fighting for victory in Bahrain, while it was not quite going well there," Verstappen said. Verstappen closed up to race winner Charles Leclerc after the first two pit stops when Red Bull brought in the reigning F1 world champion earlier than his rival for the undercut. After it became clear that Verstappen would not be able to catch Leclerc, the Dutchman raged on team radio after being told to go "gently" on his outlap. “Okay this is now two times I have taken it easy on the out lap and I could have easily been in front. I’m never, ever doing it again!” Verstappen yelled on team radio. JUST IN: Max Verstappen and co may face 30-race season as F1 boss outlines future plans Red Bull’s senior advisor Helmut Marko believes Verstappen had every right to be upset by what transpired in the opening race of the 2022 season. "That wasn't our day, because it was also a misjudgment in terms of strategy: Max's outlap was slow to protect the tires," he told F1-Insider. "We underestimated the undercut. We thought we were clearly behind, but that wasn't the case. "Had he been driving at a normal pace, he would have been in front and could have regulated and controlled everything much more easily. That's why Max's anger is justified." DON'T MISS Horner has since defended Red Bull's decision, insisting that, even if Verstappen was given the green light to push, Leclerc would still have got out in front. “He felt that he could have done more, and I think that, combined with a slightly quicker stop than the Ferrari, had put us very very close to them," the team principal said. "But I think even if we’d have made the pass, I think their pace was such that they would have, with overtaking being a little bit easier now, they would have just overtaken."