Manchester United have recently held talks with Erik ten Hag about taking over at Old Trafford. The Red Devils have struggled in the years since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement and, now, are looking forward to the start of another new era. However, the 52-year-old isn’t the Scot’s preferred candidate to take the reins at Old Trafford despite recent developments. When it comes to Manchester United’s next manager, there are several names in the frame. Mauricio Pochettino was previously considered the frontrunner and, with the Paris Saint-Germain boss failing to meet expectations at the Parc des Princes this term, could soon be relieved of his duties. Julen Lopetegui has rebuilt his reputation at Sevilla after a tricky spell at Real Madrid, where he failed to get the best from his A-list players following his appointment in 2018. And the likes of Luis Enrique, Julian Nagelsmann, Roberto Mancini and Carlo Ancelotti have all been linked as well. Over the past 24 hours, however, it’s looked more and more likely that Ten Hag will be given the keys to Old Trafford. The Dutchman has been interviewed for the role and impressed, with United chief John Murtough leading the process behind the scenes. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Yet according to the Daily Star, Ten Hag isn’t Ferguson’s personal choice to become Ralf Rangnick’s replacement. Instead, it’s Pochettino who the Scot feels stands the best chance of re-awakening a sleeping giant and restoring the glory days. The Argentine has long impressed Ferguson, with the pair previously dining together when Pochettino was managing Southampton. Ferguson actually wanted the 49-year-old to be given the United job before Jose Mourinho secured the position in 2016, shortly after the brutal sacking of Louis van Gaal. And it was a similar story two-and-a-half years later, with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer eventually replacing Mourinho instead. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ferguson has felt marginalised since his retirement nine years ago, hurt that United no longer seek his council. And whether Ten Hag ends up being given the keys to the club remains to be seen, especially with other European giants keen on the Dutchman as well. According to Dutch football expert Marcel van der Kraan, the Ajax boss is keen on a different job to the one in England. "There are three major opportunities for Erik ten Hag," Van der Kraan told Sky Sports. "Manchester United is only one of them. I don't want to dampen the excitement in England but maybe United have not done all the work yet. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Yes, they've had positive talks with Ten Hag but so have two other major clubs in Europe. “These are clubs who play Champions League football and who have chances to win titles in their own country. "One of those clubs is very concrete for Ten Hag, and I think that is on mainland Europe - not in England. “I know for a fact that Ten Hag is very excited about that job too." He then added: "If Manchester United want to get things going, they will have to speed things up and make things concrete. "For Ten Hag, there may be the consideration of the graveyard Manchester United has been for managers. "Not everything during his career has gone well for United when you see how Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all failed and seen their reputations damaged. "It needs some more convincing from United." United are next in action against Leicester after the international break. Brendan Rodgers was previously linked with the Red Devils job but, with the Foxes struggling, now isn’t in the running.