Civilised voices and City money promote talk of a cease fire and a partitioned Ukraine across the Dnieper River. They imagine Kyiv as a sort of Cold War Berlin, or in perpetual armistice as now in modern South and North Korea. But with the reality that any rump Ukraine would not be a Western partner like West Germany was, or South Korea is. Therefore such hopes are dreams. Ukraine will not allow that, even for peace, and Russia will not accept anything less than the disappearance of its neighbour as a free state, all of it.  President Zelensky could not have been more clear to Parliament this week, in language borrowed from Winston Churchill. Putin could not equally have communicated better this week that there is no promise nor decency he will honour. There is joy in Ukraine at the arrival already of tens of thousands of international brigade candidates for military or medical service, often at risk of criminal prosecution as for the many already there from the UK. I doubt though that a single British jury will treat any volunteer as if they had been assisting ISIS, and the defendants may quote the Foreign Secretary in their defences. The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has surely decided that already. Those who suggest Syria as the proof of a ´win´ for Russian genocide with chemical weapons are wrong to think it is the precedent. Syrians were a subject people living often in subsistence, without a national narrative or experience for which to fight more. It didn’t matter who was in charge as long as the bombing stopped, as all outcomes were bleak. We gave away the fight in Syria because it did not matter to us enough, and there were no clear good guys leading its desperate people, and our friends the Kurds were always going to get the fate wished on them by NATO member and their enemy Turkey.  By contrast, we know that Ukraine traded its nukes for freedom in 1994, and European coexistence, and they did so for a country all of them wanted to exist. There are few better earned examples of right to sovereignty. In return, we gave our guarantee to it, as did the US and Russia. Ukraine is under no illusion about what the invaders can do. Six million Ukraine people were starved to death as policy by Stalin in the thirties in the ´bread basket of Europe. They have pivoted almost overnight from being a consumer society to a wartime one. Reports suggest two thirds of Kyiv has left, mainly the vulnerable and families, and those remaining are intending to fight in rubble. The Russians needed 1.5m soldiers to take Berlin in 1945, a comparable scale of city to Kyiv. Their army is not big enough, in total never mind available regionally, to take Kyiv quickly nor to hold more of the country for any time as it was not in Afghanistan before. Putin clearly has been astonished by Ukraine, but maybe not as much as by his own country it is beginning to look. ´No-Mates Vlad´ sees Oligarchs sail from their overseas havens to international waters, none yet to the beaches of the Crimea. Russian conscripts weep as their captors video-call their mothers for them.  At home, the flower of his Westernised youth gets arrested in protest knowing they lose their futures under his regime. Putin´s security services are leaking like sieves to save the lives of their country´s enemy´s leadership. Russia´s political goals in this, as he expresses them, are undeliverable as his only real aim is that democracy should not exist in a way his people can notice on any of his borders. His only recourse therefore is to threaten endless escalation without consequence to himself in his judgment, which would include for example the loss of consent from China or that of the key levers of any gangster state. The medium term otherwise is looking suddenly bleak. His economy can boast last year of being the size of Spain, which will look halcyon soon. JP Morgan, the global bank, forecasts that current sanctions will crater the Russian economy by 35% this summer. That is before the 40 percent of its oil and gas which go to Europe begins to be shut down, as it must in a slow chokehold this year.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The West has its 21 st century crossroads sooner than expected in the ´China century´. If we don´t stop Putin here, it will be somewhere nearer and worse. Let China not think we will trade away free countries lightly, as maybe Russia concluded lastly from our flight from Kabul. For the West, we are in the bucket-lending business to the house next door on fire. We can´t - they know quite well - yet join their human chain. We are getting nearer to the point where we will have to be ready to bring everyone. *Simon Brocklebank-Fowler is acting as a special foreign correspondent for the Express in Eastern Europe. 