Kate flew to Copenhagen for a whistle-stop tour meeting health workers and academics at the forefront of Denmark's world-leading approach to early childhood development, and the families that benefit. After chatting to parents with their babies at Copenhagen's Children's Museum, the duchess confessed she felt "broody" and joked husband William worries about her working with under one-year-olds because she returns home wanting "another one". Royal commentators have since hinted that Kate will not have another child after the Duchess has "ramped up" her royal duties. Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, The Natser said: "I love how Kate 'practices what she preaches,' in that she waited until her youngest was in school before taking on a much busier role within the Royal Family. "The first five years are so very important in a child's development. "She did what was best for her children despite constant criticism." Host Christina Garibaldi added: "She does practice what she preaches. READ MORE: William and Kate ‘looking forward’ to ‘child-free time’ while on royal "A big initiative of hers is child development and she talks at length about how important those first five years are in a child's life." Co-host Christine Ross noted: "We heard a lot of speculation over the years when George was born and now that she's really ramping up her work as to why we hadn't seen her. "There was a lot of criticism but a lot of people speculated it was because she was so committed to her children and now it turns out that exactly what was happening and she really was practicing what she preaches." However, royal reporter at The Sunday Mirror, Sarah Robertson has also claimed Kate may "talk William into" having another. Speaking to GB News, Ms Robertson said: "She really has just come into her own since turning 40 and shaping up to be the future Queen. "She looked very happy. She joked, obviously being around children when she sees babies, Prince William, when she comes home because she gets very broody. "I thought, is that a hint that we might have a fourth child? "The Queen had four and I've always wondered if the Duchess of Cambridge will have another. DON'T MISS Princess Beatrice and Eugenie forced to flee Balmoral with Fergie [INSIGHT]Prince Charles gives update on Queen's health after Covid [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry blasted for claiming to be in 'direct line of succession' [VIDEO] "Hold this space, maybe she will talk William into it." The Duchess revealed she had spent some of the recent half-term school break playing with Lego with her children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who were envious when they learnt she would be visiting the Lego Foundation PlayLab. "My children are very jealous they weren't coming to see the Lego Foundation. They were like, 'hang on, there's Lego and we're not coming?"' she said. At the Children's Museum, Kate heard about the Understanding Your Baby research project which trains health visitors to help new parents as they begin to notice and interpret their babies' behavioural cues. After meeting with two eight-month-old baby boys and their parents, she joked: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'let's have another one'."