Tonight’s EuroMillions draw gives people across Europe the chance to take home £45million if they secure the jackpot, as well as additional opportunities to win smaller sums from the pot. The draw takes place every Tuesday and Friday and results are announced at approximately 8:45pm GMT. First launched on February 7, 2004, by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's Loterías y Apuestas del Estado, and the United Kingdom's Camelot, the transnational lottery has been drawn 1,512 times so far. Nine European countries take part every week, including the UK, Ireland, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland. The draw closes at 7:30pm GMT, so to be in with a chance of winning, you need to buy your ticket before then. To play, you must choose five main numbers from 1 to 50 and two lucky stars from 1 to 12. READ MORE: National Lottery shakeup as scratchcards to be phased out   You can then decide how many lines you want to buy, and the rate is currently £2.50 per line. The more lines you buy, the higher your chances of winning. Tonight, there is a jackpot of £45m to be won. In order to win the jackpot, one of your lines must match all five numbers and both lucky stars. However, it’s not the end if your luck runs dry for the jackpot. There’s ample opportunity to win smaller prizes. There are 13 ways to win in the main draw, with larger prizes awarded for successfully matching more numbers. The overall odds of receiving any prize are one in 13.  If you match fewer numbers, you can still take home pretty impressive sums. With every ticket, you'll also be entered into the Millionaire Maker draw, which will turn the lucky ticket holder into a millionaire if their raffle code is picked. You can buy tickets online or in an authorised store - there will be a sign outside promoting the lottery. Tonight's EuroMillions results have not yet been drawn. Express.co.uk will reveal the results here when they are available. Check back or refresh this page to see the EuroMillions and Thunderball results tonight. DON'T MISS: Cut cost of day out at these attractions with National Lottery ticket [EXPLAINED]'Postcode lottery' SOME homeowners could pay for net-zero charges [ANALYSIS]Karel Komarek: £4bn tycoon gambled on fall of communism [INSIGHT]    With millions taking part across nine European countries, odds of winning are naturally quite slim, although there are certain ways you can increase your chances. Joining a syndicate is one option, which means joining a group of players purchasing tickets. If one person wins, you split the money. This option allows you to enter multiple lines into the draw without increasing the cost of playing.  Having a share of multiple lines, as opposed to just one singular, will improve your chances of winning. EuroMillions also suggests playing with random numbers greater than 31. Most players use significant dates to select numbers, which limits their choice to 31 and under. The odds of a random set of numbers being drawn are the same as the odds of a familiar pattern being drawn, but the prize amounts are partly determined by how many players win. So by swimming against the tide and choosing a mix of small and large numbers, you’re more likely to choose numbers that haven’t been picked by anyone else. 