Liverpool striker Divock Origi is set to depart Anfield after seven years, according to reports - leaving the club in limbo over who will replace him. But with many other stars set to depart their own clubs on free transfers in the summer, the Reds are not short of options. Express Sport takes a look at five options they could sign in his place.  Ousmane Dembele Dembele has been linked with a move away from the Nou Camp for the best part of a year with his contract up in the summer. Having become a £100million signing when he arrived from Borussia Dortmund in 2017, the Frenchman has failed to set La Liga alight thanks to numerous injury issues although the talent is undoubtedly still there. And with Origi barely playing this season, the skilful winger's potential lack of appearances would not become too significant in comparison to the Belgian's no-show this campaign. Adam Hlozek Hlozek is a relative unknown in terms of the wider footballing world, but he could be an extremely good signing for the future. At just 19 years of age, the Czech-born forward has already featured for Sparta Prague over 100 times, scoring 35 goals. And the prodigy could well become a successor to the current crop of superstars that don the Anfield turf - if a fee can be agreed. Paulo Dybala Dybala formed a superb relationship with current Manchester United star Cristano Ronaldo in their time together at Juventus, with the Argentine scoring 32 goals whilst Ronaldo played for the Bianconeri. However, his time in northern Italy seems to be coming to an end after Juventus chiefs reportedly offered him a contract worth less than the one they presented the star with at the beginning of the season. And Liverpool could take full advantage of his situation by offering the attacker a pre-contract deal before his current deal in Turin ends. Andrea Belotti Another Turin-based attacker could make the move to Merseyside on a free contract. Belotti has registered double figures in Serie A for Torino since his move in 2015, and is just four goals shy of reaching a century of top-flight goals. A physical striker like Origi, Belotti could bring the 'different' factor that the Belgian currently offers to Klopp.  Alexandre Lacazette Lacazette already has international, continental and Premier League pedigree. But would he join Liverpool in the hunt of winning trophies, albeit in a less-prominent role? The Frenchman had scored 50 goals in his first four seasons for Arsenal, although he only has four this campaign due to the Gunners' young contingent taking to the fore. Liverpool could view his experience as vital in some of their less important games.