Manchester United would likely sell "troublemakers" Cristiano Ronaldo, Paul Pogba and Harry Maguire if Erik Ten Hag becomes their new head coach, believes former Holland international Rene van der Gijp. The Ajax boss has emerged as the ‘clear favourite’ to take over the United reins from Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Rangnick is expected to step aside and move into the Old Trafford boardroom at the end of the current campaign. While the German did hint at a desire to be handed the job on a permanent basis, United’s current Premier League position and their early exits in the Champions League and the FA Cup has rendered any hope of trophies for Rangnick impossible. However, Ten Hag appears to be at the top of the list after a promising interview with the club in recent weeks. Mauricio Pochettino is still believed to be a contender for the Old Trafford job, but the Paris Saint-Germain boss seems to have fallen behind the Dutchman in the pecking order. Ten Hag is currently on course to win a third Eredivisie title at the Amsterdam giants this season. And van der Gijp believes the 52-year-old can only achieve similar levels of success if he ousts Ronaldo, Pogba, and Maguire from the team. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "He just needs to get rid of those troublemakers. Ronaldo, Pogba, Maguire," van der Gijp said on his chat show Vendaag Inside. If he accepted the position of course, Ten Hag is currently set to inherit a bloated and unhappy squad without Champions League football. After an initially promising start under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer this season, a series of high-profile defeats and dressing room unrest has culminated in United’s low sixth place position. While Ronaldo’s return to the club has seen him contribute 18 goals and three assists in 32 appearances for the Reds, his presence has regularly been called into questions. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message While the Portuguese ace roared back with a stunning hattrick in United’s 3-2 home victory over Tottenham, he failed to make a meaningful impact in the Reds’ Champions League exit to Atletico Madrid. Moreover, Pogba’s future at the club has also come under intense scrutiny once again. The Frenchman’s contract is set to expire at the end of the season, meaning he will be free to depart the club on a free transfer at the end of the season. And while on international duty with France, Pogba conveyed his immense dissatisfaction with his time at Old Trafford. "You have to be honest, the last five seasons have not satisfied me – really not at all,” Pogba said in an interview with Le Figaro. “This year it is dead, we won't win anything. Whether it is with Manchester United or at another club, I want to win trophies." Maguire’s captaincy and performances have also been derided by United supporters, pundits and critics after a series of high-profile mistakes for the Reds. Amid his difficult run of form, United have been linked with a move for Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo, who has flourished under Xavi in the tail end of the campaign.