Ford has trialled connected traffic light tech that could automatically go green to offer clearer routes for ambulances, fire engines and police vehicles. The trial is part of a major project to explore the benefits of bringing together automated and connected vehicles with networked infrastructure. They could also help reduce the risk of an accident caused by first responders driving through red lights. In 2017, ambulances in London were involved in six accidents per day and 2,265 in the year. “Whether it’s a fire engine attending a blaze or an ambulance that is en route to an accident, the last thing anyone wants is for these drivers to be caught up among other vehicles waiting for the lights to change,” said Martin Sommer, research engineer, Automated Driving Europe, Ford of Europe. Experts believe that survival rates for road accident victims can be improved by as much as 40 percent if they receive treatment just four minutes more quickly. READ MORE: Driver fined for charging his EV at Lidl It is hoped the new trial will also see congestion being reduced with the traffic lights sending the red-green timing information to approaching vehicles. The trial was part of a broader project that involved testing automated and connected vehicles and networked infrastructure in highway, urban and rural areas. Ford says this research exemplifies its commitment to using connectivity and innovation to improve the driving experience. Michael Reinartz, Director of Consumer Services and Innovation at Vodafone Germany, praised the trial, saying it would help save lives. DON'T MISS‘Privileged’ couple get swift justice for parking pedestrian crossing [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs [ANALYSIS] He said: “Exchanging data between cars, emergency vehicles and traffic lights in real time using the latest mobile phone technology makes road traffic safer and more efficient. “Intelligent traffic light control helps save lives when every second counts and also reduces unnecessary waiting times and cuts CO2 emissions.” Ford first trialled the technology with a road with eight consecutive traffic lights in Aachen, Germany, and two stretches with three consecutive traffic lights just outside the city, all set up by the project’s partners. The Ford Kuga Plug-In Hybrid test vehicle was equipped with on-board units, designed for communication with the infrastructure and rapid control prototyping hardware. For testing an emergency response situation, the test vehicle signalled to the traffic lights to turn the light green. Once the vehicle passed through the junction, the traffic lights returned to standard operation. For testing daily driving situations, the test vehicle received the timing information for when the traffic lights turned from red to green and green to red. Ford’s Adaptive Cruise Control technology then adapted the vehicle’s speed to help ensure a higher proportion of traffic encountered a green light. When the traffic light was red, the vehicle’s speed was reduced well ahead of the junction to time the vehicle’s approach to arrive at the light the moment it turned green, for example from 50 km/h to 30 km/h. For vehicles encountering a red light, the technology could still help to minimise harsh braking and the time spent at a standstill. The vehicle received the traffic light information well ahead of the junction and slowed down earlier, helping to reduce congestion. The project ran from January 2020 until March this year and was supported by Vodafone, University of Aachen and the road authority for North Rhine Westphalia.