Ulrika Jonsson, 54, said the loss of her beloved Dexter "broke her" in an emotional post today. The mum-of-four often takes to social media and shares pictures of her loyal companions, as the columnist is a keen lover of English bulldogs. In view of her 189,000 followers, Ulrika shared a snap of a tattoo that is inked on her back which reads: "Mother of Bullies." The heartfelt design also has an image of a pawprint underneath etched with the name "Dexter". Another photo showed a portrait image of her bulldog. The former weather presenter noted that her beloved pooch would have been nine-years-old today, as she confessed that his loss at the age of four, "broke me". READ MORE: Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son In a heartbreaking post, Ulrika expressed her devastation before being inundated with messages of support. She wrote: "Shoecott’s Peter Pan aka Dexter. You would have been 9 today but only made it to 4. Because you ran like the win; obsessed over rugby balls and your mummy, and like Peter Pan, never grew up. "When you left us, it nigh on broke me. Miss you, Dexter Babs."(sic) Social media users reacted to the sad post, as many people offered their condolences.  Ollie Yarrow penned: "Aww, heartbreaking, but in those 4 years obviously gave you so much joy and love." Bulldog Mummy Kim offered: "Beautiful boy who will always be in your heart! Hope you’re having fun Dexter." Rebecca Walsh recalled: "My first bully died 2 months off of his 9th birthday. We had the strongest bond & always by my side. Miss him!" Joanne Church added: "Thinking of you. He was a special boy." DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced[LATEST]Dick and Angel share 'daunting' moment in UK after time away[TV]Eamonn Holmes pulled over by police on his way to GB News[TWITTER] Ulrika has previously said how her bulldogs had "saved" her after she went through her third divorce. In March 2021, the TV presenter was left devastated following the death of her beloved bulldog Fella. The sad news came just two months after she was forced to give her dog to another home, shortly after her English bulldog Nessie tragically died due to kidney problems. Fella had been diagnosed with dementia in the summer of 2019. Ulrika was supposed to foster him for just two weeks but she couldn't bring herself to let him go and adopted him permanently. She revealed that he came to her with a "mouth full of tumours" as well as a broken jaw, arthritis and testicular cancer. Just three months prior, the star lost her other dog Nessie. Meanwhile, the presenter often takes to the picture-sharing site and shares sweet pictures alongside her bulldog Leo.