Nutritional therapist Eve Kalinik, the author of Happy Gut, Happy Mind, discussed when to stop eating to ensure better sleep. A certain kind of fasting could help you sleep, Eve told Express.co.uk readers. "Practising an overnight 12-hour fast has been linked to positively improving sleep," she said. "This means finishing eating or drinking anything except water or herbal teas from 7 to 8pm to 7 to 8am for example." Eve recommends "allowing at least two hours for food to digest before going to bed." This means if you go to sleep at 10pm, you should stop eating at 8pm. READ MORE: How to sleep better: Swap coffee for another drink nutritionist says Certain foods should be avoided or limited to sleep better, according to the expert. Eve, who shares in insights on her Instagram account @evekalinik, went on: "If you enjoy coffee or caffeinated tea, try to keep this to one to two cups per day and have it before 1pm, as caffeine can stay in our system for much longer than that." It's best to avoid alcohol, too, if you want to sleep well. "Alcohol can also have a huge impact on the quality and quantity of sleep so if you are noticing a correlation here try to have at least three to four days alcohol-free per week and stick to a moderate amount when drinking." DON'T MISSTwo drinks before bedtime shown to promote serotonin and relaxation [SLEEP] The hot drink which may 'reduce’ insomnia symptoms [FOOD] How to sleep: The drink that could help [TIPS] Eve teamed up with kombucha brand Nexba to discuss all matters of gut health. She previously suggested drinking kombucha to help get to sleep. How to sleep: Drinking a gut-health drink before bed can result in a better night's sleep Kombucha is a drink made from fermented sweetened black or green tea. It is, therefore, probiotic, which can help with sleep, Eve said. "Like other fermented foods, because kombucha can contain microbes that are beneficial for our gut it may have a positive influence on the gut-brain connection and the neurotransmitters that govern our sleep-wake cycle,2 Eve said.