Manchester United may finally have the chance to negotiate a cut-price fee for one of their top transfer targets this summer. The Red Devils are set to be active in the upcoming window as they look to overhaul a squad that has severely disappointed this season. Whoever takes over from interim boss Ralf Rangnick will need to bring in new additions in several key areas. High up the list will be a new defensive midfielder, after United’s options in the position were exposed for lacking in quality this season. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was keen to bring in a new midfielder last summer, but failed to firm up interest in any of his targets. That failure means that a new signing is still needed, especially given the performances of Scott McTominay, Nemanja Matic and Fred this term. They have several options available, with Declan Rice thought to be high up their list, though he will be very expensive. JUST IN: Carlo Ancelotti's first three Man Utd transfer targets examined The price of Rice could see them turn to alternative targets and if so, Joao Palhinha could quickly rise up the shopping list. Palhinha has impressed for Sporting Lisbon since breaking into their first-team, helping them to win the Primeira Liga last season. His performances in the title-winning season also saw him named in the Portuguese top-flight’s team of the year. And he has continued to impress this term, making 30 appearances in all competitions, with all of those coming from defensive midfield. DON'T MISS: Laura Woods explains what Man Utd icon Roy Keane is like off camera (NEWS)Ronaldo and Messi set to go head to head again for Man Utd and PSG (INSIGHT)Sancho identifies three Man Utd leaders after winning Rangnick round (ANALYSIS) Those displays have seen Palhinha attract the eye of United, who hope he could have a similar impact as Bruno Fernandes. The Red Devils have heavily scouted the 26-year-old ahead of an anticipated move in the summer window. If United did indeed make a move, he could be brought to Old Trafford for a much cheaper fee than Rice would. According to Jornal de Noticias, Palhinha has a release clause worth in the region of £50million in his contract. But it is stated that Sporting would be open to negotiating that down to a fee of around £25m, despite the fact he only signed a new deal in December. If the right-sized bid is received, the reigning Portuguese champions are ready to sell the midfielder. United will need to fight off competition from Premier League rivals Wolves and Newcastle if they are to successfully sign Palhinha. Palhinha’s potentially cheap price will make him very attractive to the Red Devils though as they search for a solution to their midfield problems.