This warning comes as the Bank of England has just confirmed another interest rate hike to beat soaring inflation and living costs. As well as this, the regulator Ofgem has confirmed that the energy price cap could hit as high as £2,000, resulting in a bill rise of £693 a year. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, James Maddison, Chief Vision Officer at TradingView outlined how savers can begin their investing journey to offset these expenses. TradingView is an online financial service which is accessible to both new and existing investors, offering day-to-day updates on trading insights. Furthermore, Freetrade also offers summary statistics on each stock in their app with costs and charges displayed. There are numerous apps and platforms available, and Britons should undertake research to work out which one suits them and their goals best. Mr Maddison said: “Usually, most people’s questions at the beginning are about what everything does, and specifically how to read financial visualisations such as candlestick charts. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim “Luckily, we have a very robust and active community of over 30 million unique users a month in over 180 countries around the world, who are sharing educational ideas and also real-time chatting, so users often get a lot of their information answered here.” With bills on the rise, the financial expert explained what needs to be done before someone begins exploring investment opportunities. He added: “If someone has an urgent bill that needs paying, then they should absolutely pay that bill before using funds for an investment. “As to the more general question of people being able to afford to invest right now, that’s absolutely a personal decision.  “Unstable times cause uncertainty which can often depress market prices and afford opportunities for investments over the longer term, but they can also carry increased risk too. “Our mission is to provide as much financial information as possible – in as easy to digest format as possible – so that investors and traders can make the most informed decision possible about whether they should be investing at this moment in time.” Mr Maddison also explained what people should look out for when looking for potential apps and investment services, which can teach them how to put away their money responsibly. “For example, offering a Paper Trading service helps people practice and test strategies with 'virtual money,' so they don’t need to risk their own,” he explained. “They can use this service for as long as they like until they feel comfortable investing their own money and making decisions based on the knowledge and skills gained. “We recognise that the current climate can appear daunting for many first-time investors, which is why doing the necessary research and analysis instead of diving headfirst into investing is a crucial step which shouldn’t be overlooked.” Sharing personal advice with first time investors, Mr Maddison added: “We always encourage our users to carefully consider the outcomes of their actions, and to stay informed on the current trends and news agenda in order to minimise risk. “From personal experience, I recommend that people who are looking into investing for the first time should consider spreading their investments across several assets to diversify your exposure, rather than concentrating on one specific area or stock. “This helps offset some risk and can be an effective way for people to get a feel for what areas of the market they want to focus on in the future.”