With gas and electricity bills on course to increase by 54 percent in April, Buckingham Palace, which has 775 rooms and an estimated energy bill of £263,342.94, is set to feel the hike, smart heating service BOXT said. When the new cap, calculated by regulator Ofgem, is set in April as a result of the sharp rise in wholesale gas prices over the last few months, millions of households will typically pay an extra £693 a year on their energy bills. But at Her Majesty's official residence, this figure is as high as £200,000, with the Monarch's bill soaring to £476,790.95 in 2022. This is the equivalent to 826 UK households and much more dramatic than the current average yearly heating bill of £577. The Royal Household's website reads: "Staff from across the Royal Household work closely to reduce the energy used to heat, light and cool our buildings. "Energy consumption is monitored through a network of over 60 smart meters installed across the estate. TUNE IN: Our second Royal Facebook Live – The Royal Round-Up! "Combined Heat and Power has been in use at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle since 1994-95. "These units convert natural gas into electricity, with the heat produced by this process being used to provide heating and hot water. "As a result, Combined Heat and Power reduces the Royal Household's greenhouse gas emissions, energy costs and reliance on the National Grid." As per price comparison service Energy Helpline, there are other factors to consider which might make the costs much higher. They said: "Buckingham Palace was originally built in 1703 and while it’s seen several expansions and renovations since then some of its systems are still stuck in the past. "Certain radiators in the Palace are over 60 years old while the heating and electrical cabling date back to the 1950s. "Older systems such as these are significantly less energy efficient meaning they generally cost a lot more to run." It is unknown what the Queen's permanent move to Windsor Castle, where she and the late Duke of Edinburgh moved to at the start of the coronavirus pandemic in March 2020, will mean to operations at Buckingham Palace. The Palace is currently undergoing £369 million refurbishments expected to be completed in 2027. Plans include adding a ramp to help make the royal residence step-free, replacing the roof of the Picture Gallery, and revamping its electrics and plumbing, last replaced in the 1950s. Despite Her Majesty's relocation to Berkshire, much of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June are centred around Buckingham Palace, including the much-anticipated balcony appearance of some of the members of the Firm. DON'T MISSPrince Charles warned over Camilla being Queen [REVEAL]Queen puts to bed health fears with in-person meeting at Windsor [REPORT]Prince Harry book: Kate could be 'disrespected' [INSIGHT] Analysis of the Palace's energy bills comes amid fears the hike in prices — with the cap rising to £1,971 from April, as confirmed by Ofgem — will pile pressure onto already struggling households. Chancellor Rishi Sunak last month announced a package of measures to soften the impact of the surging costs, including a £150 council tax rebate for homes in bands A to D and a £200 discount on bills in October, which households will pay back in instalments from 2023. He said: "I really believe that what we're doing, £350, it's a significant amount of money that will make a big difference to the vast majority of households, and I think people, I hope actually, will be reassured by us stepping in." But MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis does not think the support is enough, claiming the poorest people in the country will "simply starve or freeze". In a stark assessment, he said: "I think people are going to feel worse than they have for a long time this year. "When your energy bill comes in and it’s £3,000 for a year instead of £800, nobody feels good." Speaking to the Guardian, Mr Lewis said a recent phone-in on his Radio 5 live show, in which members of the public discussed what they were doing to cope with the rising cost of living, had brought him to tears. He recalled: "I had so many people cutting back on food, and saying, 'I'm prioritising kids' food rather than my own'."