Liverpool appear to have already given away their focus for the summer transfer window as Jurgen Klopp's recruitment staff pursue the signature of several younger players with the view to strengthening the club's squad for the long term. It appears the bulk of the Reds' business in the upcoming window will be concentrated on building for the future rather than addressing their current XI, which is still going strong in three competitions this season having already won the Carabao Cup. It could be a busy summer in terms of outgoings at Anfield with more than 10 first-team players possibly departing. Adrian, Loris Karius, Ben Woodburn, Divock Origi and James Milner are all currently poised to depart once their contracts expire. There are also a clutch of established players who will enter the final 12 months of their deals this summer who may be sold such as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita and perhaps even one of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino. Elsewhere, those on the fringes of the squad such as Ben Davies, Nat Phillips and Neco Williams - all currently out on loan - look set to leave permanently. Joe Gomez may also seek an exit having struggled for minutes at centre-back this season. Midfield appears the area of the squad most in need of refreshing for Liverpool. With Milner, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Keita possibly moving on, captain Jordan Henderson is now 31 years old and Thiago Alcantara 30 while Fabinho is 29 this October. Though they have the younger Jones and Elliott as midfield options, the Reds may think it's time to bring in some more younger options. Porto's 22-year-old Vitinha, a central midfielder, is one player who has been linked. But it appears the Merseyside outfit's main priority this summer is signing the next generation of young talent following the success of signing Elliott in 2020. Kaide Gordon, brought in last year from Derby County for an initial £1million at the age of 16, has also made several appearances this season. And the Liverpool Echo claim Liverpool are closing in on Celtic winger Ben Doak. The 16-year-old, with two senior appearances for the Hoops and six outings for Scotland's under-17s, is set to sign a professional contract to move to England and will cost around £150,000 because of the terms he's on in Glasgow. MUST READ: Barcelona have same concern as Liverpool on Mohamed Salah transfer Rangers' teenage striker Rory Wilson is another whom Liverpool's recruitment staff are said to be keen to land, with the 16-year-old having scored 40 goals this season for the Gers' youth teams. Signing the Scot would cost around £300,000 say the Daily Star, though Aston Villa are also eager to sign him. Forward Trent Kone-Doherty of Derry City, who turns 16 himself this summer, is another set to imminently make the move to Merseyside. The Irish Independent say the Republic of Ireland youth international is set to sign a pre-contract deal and will cost a six-figure sum. There's another more established teenage prospect who Liverpool also want to recruit in Fulham's Fabio Carvalho. The Portuguese attacker was the subject of a failed January swoop, with the two clubs running out of time to get an £8million agreement over the line. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Tottenham 'ready to swoop' for Traore as Barca wait for Wolves verdictArsenal 'in position to sign Coutinho' but face same problem as VillaMan Utd will take transfer decision out of Ten Hag's hands Still, it is expected Liverpool will return for Carvalho, who is out of contract this summer. The two clubs will have to agree a fee of training compensation to prevent the saga going to an independent tribunal, as it did when the Reds poached Elliott. Given his role at Fulham Carvalho would seemingly come in as an immediate first-team player to replace a more experienced attack-minded midfield player like Oxlade-Chamberlain, with Doak and Kone-Doherty - and possibly Wilson too - initially joining the academy as Elliott and Gordon did. It remains to be seen how many significant first-team signings are made by Liverpool this summer but it appears much of their thinking, at least at the moment, is on planning for even further into the future.