The comment comes as Buckingham Palace has reportedly been accused of covering up the truth about the Queen’s health after the Palace refused to give a reason for Her Majesty cancelling more and more events from the royal calendar. Experts have suggested, the soon-to-be 96-year-old has been cancelling engagements to avoid being seen in a wheelchair.  Robert Jobson, Royal editor for Australian television channel Sunrise, said that there had been “talks” about the Queen using a wheelchair but that she wouldn’t want to be seen in public using one. Talking about the possibility of Her Majesty attending the memorial service for The Duke of Edinburgh, Mr Jobson said the monarch had “slowed down” since the Duke’s death last year as she “is a human after all.” He said: “The reality is, it comes down to mobility, sometimes she is more mobile than others and she can walk with a stick and then they can make the arrangements accordingly. “Other times it’s not so easy. Yes, there have been talks about her using a wheelchair, she wouldn’t want to be seen using a wheelchair.  “It goes back to when Princess Margaret was wheeled out if you remember, many years ago when the Queen mother was still alive.” The Queen’s only sister was the last royal to be seen in a wheelchair back in 2001, just a year before she passed away. Mr Jobson continued: “All the family felt it was the wrong thing to do and there is no way that the Queen would want that. “But there are plans afoot, lots of people looking at ways they can make this work and if she can be at the memorial to her beloved late husband, I’m sure she will do everything she can to be there. READ MORE:Royal Family LIVE: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash  “There will be a big turnout with all senior royals, plus royals from across Europe who are family members of The Duke of Edinburgh. “So I’m sure if she can be there she will be there.” Recent photos of Her Majesty show the Queen looking in fine form as she smiled at guests to Windsor Castle on Thursday, celebrating the Platinum Jubilee of a royal warrant holder at a specially adapted official engagement. However, eagle-eyed royal watchers were quick to spot that despite the smiles, the Queen was seen with a walking stick, potentially hinting at some mobility issues. DON'T MISS:  Jamaican MP who 'snubbed' Kate said ‘I have nothing but respect’  [REVEAL] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's 'major misstep' split US fans [INSIGHT] Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role [SPOTLIGHT]  