A reduction in physiological functions in the human body is associated with several diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, neurological disease, cholesterol and cancer. It has been reported that oxidative stress and inflammation mainly contribute to the progression of ageing. This is where the magic of garlic comes into play in helping to eradicate or lower many of these age-related diseases working to improve your longevity. Garlic (Allium sativum) is a plant closely related to the leek and the onion. It is one of the most widely purchased herbal supplements used to lower cholesterol levels. Research studies involving both animals and humans suggest that garlic can lower cholesterol levels. In most of the studies that produced cholesterol-lowering results, about one-half gram or one gram of garlic was consumed a day. In one study published in the National Library of Medicine, garlic as a lipid lowering agent was further analysed. Cholesterol is the main lipid and is made up of different parts such as LDL cholesterol, or “bad” cholesterol, is the main lipid that causes damaging build-up and blockage in your arteries. To determine the effect of garlic on serum lipids and lipoproteins relative to placebo and other lipid lowering agents, a systematic review, including meta-analysis, was undertaken of published and unpublished randomised controlled trials of garlic preparations of at least four weeks' duration. Sixteen trials, with data from 952 subjects, were included in the analyses. Mean difference in reduction of total cholesterol between garlic-treated subjects and those receiving placebo was noted. “These changes represent a 12 percent reduction with garlic therapy beyond the final levels achieved with placebo alone,” said the study. It added: “The reduction was evident after one month of therapy and persisted for at least six months.” High blood pressure, or hypertension, is one of the most important drivers of cardiovascular diseases. Studies have found garlic supplements to have a significant impact on reducing blood pressure in people with high blood pressure One study found using 600–1,500 mg of aged garlic extract was just as effective as the drug Atenolol at reducing blood pressure over a 24-week period. Previous studies show that garlic lowers blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, and homocysteine, boosts immunity and decreases oxidative stress and inflammation, which are associated with anti-ageing mechanisms. Scientific evidence suggests that garlic showed the protective effects against oxidative stress by depleting ROS and inflammation and extending life span. Garlic is reported to have many bioactive compounds that exert antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects which aid in boosting one’s longevity.