Last week, US intelligence experts raised alarm bells that Russia was planning on using chemical weapons during its invasion of Ukraine. Experts believe that Russia is planning a “false flag” operation that would hand Putin the justification to launch a deadly bioattack. However, he may have to think twice as NATO leaders issue a stern warning over the rumoured action.  Poland’s President Andrzej Duda warned Putin to prepare for NATO to unleash its full military force against Russia should he choose to deploy chemical weapons in Ukraine. Speaking to the BBC's Sunday Morning, Mr Duda said further escalations will force the to Atlantic alliance "think seriously" on how to act to support allies in Kyiv. He said: "Of course, everybody hopes he will not dare do that, that he will not use weapons of mass destruction nor chemical weapons nor biological weapons nor any form of nuclear weapons. "Everybody's hoping this is not going to happen.  "But as we say in Poland, using a little English expression, if he uses any weapon of mass destruction, this will be a game-changer in the whole thing.” This comes as US national Security Advisor Jake Sullivan warned that Russia would pay a “severe price” if it were to use chemical weapons in Ukraine. He also said that the US was working with NATO allies "to reinforce that message". Speaking on CNN's "State of the Union" on Sunday, Mr Sullivan reiterated concerns that Putin was accusing the US and Ukraine of using chemical weapons in order to justify his own actions.  READ MORE: Nato forces train in chemical warfare as Putin plots chemical attack He said: "It is a very legitimate concern, fear that Russia would use chemical weapons in Ukraine. "They're right now accusing the United States and Ukrainians of potentially using chemical and biological weapons which is a tell. “It's a tell that they themselves may be preparing to do so, and then trying to pin the blame on someone else. "That's a classic page out of the Russian playbook.” NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg issued similar statements, adding that such an act that would constitute a “war crime". DON'T MISS: 'US will enter war'- Putin sent dire warning over 'next' deadly move [INSIGHT] Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of reign [SPOTLIGHT] Solar storm warning: Earth faces 'triple threat' from space as 'dir... [REVEAL] Last week, former Pentagon official Andrew Weber warned the use of chemical or biological weapons by Putin will be seen as a grave threat to NATO. Western powers are on high alert as experts warn Putin may be looking to gain control of biological research labs in Ukraine. The Kremlin spokeswoman also claimed Russia had documents to back up the claim the components of these deadly biological weapons are near the Ukraine-Russia border. She said: "We know they were looking for opportunities to develop these weapons." However, various analysts — including MP and former army captain Tobias Ellwood — have warned these allegations represent a “despicable pretext” to justify their own subsequent biological or chemical attack.