Emergency services are attending the fire which broke out in Parkgate on Saturday evening. Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service said crews are tackling the fire involving around 500 square metres of marshland. The fire service added that it is suspected the blaze was started deliberately. The surrounding area has been cordoned off by police. Nearby houses have reportedly been evacuated as the fire spreads to back gardens. Stunned witnesses took to social media to share pictures and videos of the blaze raging on the marshland.  A Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesperson said: "Firefighters are tackling a blaze involving around 500 square metres of marshland. "Four fire engines from Cheshire and two from Merseyside are at the scene. "Crews are using beaters and hose reel jets to fight the fire. "There are two areas of fire spreading around the marshland.  "Fire breaks have been put in place to protect nearby properties. "Two main jets and hose reels are in use. "Police have been advised as it is suspected that the fire has been started deliberately. "A fire investigator will also attend.  "One fire engine from Powey Lane, one from Ellesmere Port, two from Chester and two from Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service are in attendance." In a further update, the fire service said: "Firefighters are continuing to tackle the fire. Relief crews will be taking over at the scene overnight. Holyhead coastguard is also monitoring the incident. "Crews are maintaining fire breaks in two areas. Two main jets and one light portable pump are in use. The fire on the marshland is being left to burn because of unstable ground." Eyewitness Peter Guy said the blaze "billowed into a huge wall of fire" in seconds.  He told the Liverpool Echo: "We'd just been eating a fish and chips enjoying the sunset when we turned around and saw a small fire about 300 yards away. "Within seconds it billowed into a huge wall of fire which ripped through the marshland - it was scary and spectacular all at the same time. "I'm sure lots of wildlife will have been affected or destroyed. "As it was such a beautiful day, lots of people ran out of the pubs and shops on the parade and were all aghast while taking pictures and videos.  "We walked away from the scene as the fire was getting bigger and every time we turned around it seemed to be getting closer. It was like something out of a film." Speaking to the BBC, Mr Guy described a "wall of flames" across the marshland. He said: "It started off looking like a regular bonfire and then I noticed the fire getting closer to us. "There were so many people there enjoying the beautiful sunset. I've never seen anything like it. It was like the sky was on fire."   Crowds gathered to see the fire, with police reminding people to keep back. The blaze could be seen from as far as parts of North Wales. One eyewitness raised fears about the impact the fire will have on wildlife. Jane Woodhead, who lives nearby, told the Liverpool Echo: “I feel really saddened it’s a big part of our community. It’s scary as well. "A lot of rare wildlife live on the marshland, it’s really worrying the impact it could have on them.” 