A Place In The Sun presenter Laura Hamilton, 39, has been busy filming the Channel 4 series in Spain but things did not go to plan today. The mum-of-two took to social media and shared the production team's woes after filming came to an abrupt end. Taking to her Instagram stories, Laura could be seen sitting in the back of the car where she exclaimed, "I'm drenched". In a previous post, the property expert had shared a snap of the cameraman on the beach with a rain cover on his equipment to stop it from getting soaked by the rain. However, this didn't last long as Laura and the team had to run for cover after a sudden downpour. She said: "Oh dear. It's not going well so far. We are all absolutely drenched. And we've had to... READ MORE: Nick Knowles' brutal dig at Max Verstappen after F1 'tantrum' "Well, we've had to pull the final chat from the prime location because we are absolutely soaked. "We are now trying to find an alternative. Not a great start to Monday morning." She panned the camera across to her colleague, as Laura chuckled: "Right Steve." Laura explained that she had been filming an interview with the house hunters but a weather disaster had struck.  In another clip, the Channel 4 presenter gave a glimpse of the hotel where she is staying. "Thank God for this hotel that we're staying at," Laura commented. "It's a pretty nice location." "So we can have a chat here." The Channel 4 presenter has since taken to the picture-sharing site and admitted she was "confused" after making a mistake. DON'T MISS... 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Ralph Riach dead: Braveheart and Taggart star dies aged 83[TRIBUTES]Rachel Zegler 'to cheer West Side Story from couch' after Oscars snub[FILM] She explained: "I posted a story this morning that we had to move from the beach for our final chat. Clearly, it wasn't our final chat because we haven't even started the property search yet. "Have we?" Laura panned the camera to the house hunters on their property search. She went on: "We just looked at a final property. It wasn't the final chat, it was the opening chat. "Somebody did message me to say, 'So you are doing a final chat on a Monday?'" "Clearly not," she finished. Meanwhile, Laura took to the picture-sharing site and shared a snap of her outfit ahead of filming. The presenter sported a print dress with a thigh-high split which she teamed with heels. Laura flashed her legs and captioned the post: "I’m going for the leg split dress too this week @jasmineharman! "Prob not the best dress choice in this weather in Spain… "It’s grey, overcast and blowing a gale… but let’s smile, have fun and be grateful… hopefully going to change someone’s life this week."(sic) A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.