The latest HPI from Nationwide has unveiled that the annual UK house price growth increased to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 in January. This pushed property prices to exceed £260,000 for the first time as the demand for property remains high whilst stock remains low. Commenting on the figures, Robert Gardner, Nationwide’s Chief Economist, said: “Annual house price growth accelerated to 12.6 percent in February, up from 11.2 in January and the strongest pace since June last year. “Prices rose by 1.7 percent month-on-month, after taking account of seasonal effects, the seventh consecutive monthly increase. “The price of a typical home rose above £260,000 for the first time in February, an increase of £29,162 over the past 12 months. “This is the largest ever annual increase in cash terms since the start of our monthly index in 1991. READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how “The price of a typical home is now £44,138 (20 percent) higher than in February 2020, the month before the pandemic struck.” The expert explained that the housing market has remained robust in recent months, despite the end of the Stamp Duty Holiday last year. With many people wanting more space or to move to a new location, homes are selling quickly. Mr Gardner continued: “A combination of robust demand and limited stock of homes on the market has kept upward pressure on prices. DON'T MISS:Monty Don shares how to get healthy grass in March [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share tumble dryer ice cube tip to stop creasing [INSIGHT]‘Ideal’ vegetables to start sowing indoors now for tasty summer crop [EXPERT] “The continued buoyancy of the housing market is a little surprising, given the mounting pressure on household budgets from rising inflation, which reached a 30-year high of 5.5. percent in January, and since borrowing costs have started to move up from all-time low costs in recent months.” According to the expert, the price of a typical home is now equivalent to 6.7 times average earnings, up from 5.8 in 2019. Industry experts have also commented on the house price increase news. Simon English, a specialist buying agent, said: “Last month, demand for family homes across the home counties has remained as strong as it was during the peak of the pandemic. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “The areas of south west Surrey, Hampshire and West Sussex have thereby seen particularly high volumes of enquiries, which has led to competitive bidding among buyers. “That competitive bidding has often led to a best and final offer scenario with agreed prices on many occasions achieving more than 10 percent above the price being asked.” With the rush for larger properties across the home counties, the expert explained that the regional housing markets are seeing up to 50 percent fewer homes for sale. The expert added: “Vendors wanting to sell this year should consider selling their home sooner rather than later in order to achieve their target asking price.” In London, one expert has said the city is seeing a “substantial lift” in buyer demand, after many left the capital back in 2020. Guy Gittins, CEO of Chestertons, commented: “Comparing February 2022 to 2021, buyer enquiries are up 36 percent whilst the number of properties for sale is down 11 percent. “With houses being dictated by supply and demand, and the number of property buyers being at an all-time high, the capital’s average property price has increased by seven percent for the same period. “Although the suburbs remain a popular choice, the volume of buyer enquiries for areas such as Richmond or Kew has remained at last year’s levels. “If 2021 was defined by a race for space and people moving out to the suburbs, 2022 is seeing an absolute boomerang effect with house hunters rushing back to the capital, a change in buyer behaviour that has been accelerated by the return of office workers and international travellers.”