The 77-year-old artist and activist is one of many living in Russia who have gone viral on social media for protesting against the invasion of Ukraine. In footage shared online, Ms Osipova can be seen being taken away by eight Russian police officers, for simply holding an opposite opinion to the Russian state line regime. Ms Osipova is well-known for her activism and for her art, and is known to be a survivor of the Nazi-led Siege of Leningrad during World War 2.  This week the pensioner refused to back down and proudly held up to handmade posters with her message protesting the invasion depicted on the front. The activist can be seen being taken away by eight Russian police as she demonstrates with other protestors in St Petersburg. During the arrest, the other activists can be heard cheering her on, and clapping from the large audience that surrounded her came in strong. Since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, more than 320 anti-war protesters have been reportedly detained across multiple cities.  JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv    More than 6,480 people have been arrested, with both numbers expected to rise as the invasion goes on. Children as young as 7 and 9 were seen being held in Russian Police stations for joining their parents during the protests. The uncomfortable pictures show one of the little girls crying as she holds onto a hand through bars in a cell. The Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba shared photos of the Russian children on Twitter, saying: "Putin is at war with children. "In Ukraine, where his missiles hit kindergartens and orphanages, and also in Russia. 7 y.o. David and Sofia, 9 y.o. Matvey, 11 y.o. Gosha and Liza spent this night behind bars in Moscow for their ‘NO TO WAR’ posters. This is how scared the man is."  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse    Twitter user @DonkeyDanny said: "I know they can't read this, but wake up fellow brother and sisters in Russia! Do not allow your country to be broken because of one megalomaniac and his lone ambition to keep you all under his boot and create his own tyrannical empire! Ukraine is the start!" @Grumpo666 said: "This is the government who arrested 7 years old yesterday, so I am not surprised really." @PeterCollyer3 said: "I think the devil has manifested himself in the form of Vladimir Putin …" @loveforcambridg said: "What the police did with that lady and everyone protesting is so wrong." DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REVEAL] Putin 'emboldened' to invade Ukraine by 'gamechanging' China alliance [ANALYSIS] Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons [REPORT] Twitter user @DonkeyDanny said: "I know they can't read this, but wake up fellow brother and sisters in Russia! Do not allow your country to be broken because of one megalomaniac and his lone ambition to keep you all under his boot and create his own tyrannical empire! Ukraine is the start!" @Grumpo666 said: "This is the government who arrested 7 years old yesterday, so I am not surprised really." @PeterCollyer3 said: "I think the devil has manifested himself in the form of Vladimir Putin …" @loveforcambridg said: "What the police did with that lady and everyone protesting is so wrong." LBC Radio host Nick Ferrari sat down with Phil and Holly on This Morning to talk about the recent invasion of Ukraine. Mr Ferrari also touched on the arrests of Russian children protesting. Mr Ferrari said: "What's interesting, and I said we were going to touch on this, are the number of protests in the towns and cities is growing. They have imprisoned seven-year-old children." "If you are 40 or below in Russia you have no memory of the Soviet Union which is 100 years old this year, so you can't quite work out why you are killing your brothers as it were." 