Newcastle are reportedly set to test Bayer Leverkusen's resolve with a summer move for Moussa Diaby - but the Magpies have been warned that they'll have to pay a 'Kai Havertz-like sum' if they are to prise the prolific attacker away from Leverkusen. Diaby has caught the eye of a host of top European clubs after plundering 15 goals in 31 games for the Bundesliga outfit this term. And Newcastle are ready to make their move for the winger just months after shelving a move for his Leverkusen team-mate, Mitchel Bakker. The Magpies are desperate to bolster their attacking options in the summer; regardless of what division Eddie Howe's side will be playing in next season. Diaby fits the bill, but the Magpies will have to splash the cash in a big way if they are serious about bringing the Frenchman to St James' Park. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'agreement' emerges as Man Utd explore appointing Ajax boss According to The Daily Mail, Newcastle are preparing a £50million bid for the attacker. But that's unlikely to be enough to satisfy Leverkusen, who value their star man at closer to the £75m mark - the same sum they raked in from selling Havertz to Chelsea back in 2020. That would represent the biggest deal yet for Newcastle's new Saudi owners and would almost eclipse their entire January spend. Any deal for Diaby, regardless of price, would hinge on the Magpies retaining their Premier League status. And the Magpies took another step towards safety after clinching a huge 2-1 win over Brighton on Saturday afternoon. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryPep Guardiola names 'unstoppable' Man Utd player who Man City must 'control' to win derbyMan Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood Newcastle surged into a two-goal lead courtesy of strikes from Ryan Fraser and Fabian Schar, with the duo netting just two minutes apart. That deficit proved too much for Brighton to overcome - although Lewis Dunk did give them hope by netting early in the second half. Newcastle are now unbeaten in eight games and have opened up a seven-point cushion over the drop zone to soothe their relegation fears. But Howe is adamant that his side are not out of the woods yet. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ “We have come from a long way back," he insisted after the match. "We knew we had to win, draws were not good enough. “We are still in a relegation battle. It is important that the players feel that too. “There is no let up. We have four way games now against difficult opponents. So today was very important and we have not achieved everything. “In the dressing room the players are pleased but not over the top, and know we are in the middle and an important spell. “It was a tough game, tough opponent. We knew we wouldn’t have the ball for spells and it was about how well we defended. It came down to how good we were out of possession.”