The destination of Erling Haaland's next move is down to two clubs, according to Bundesliga expert and former Norway striker Jan Aage Fjortoft. Haaland is set to be one of the most sought-after players in this summer's transfer window. The forward has a release clause in his Borussia Dortmund contract of around £62million (€75m) which becomes active at the end of the season. There's barely been a top club who hasn't been linked with a move for Haaland. Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona are both keen on the goalscoring sensation. Manchester City, Manchester United and Chelsea have all shown an interest in England. Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich are also among the contenders for his signature. TOP STORY: Ronaldo 'ignored' Man Utd team-mates' wishes to fly out before Man City defeat  However, according to Fjortoft, there are now just two clubs in the running. The Norwegian has followed his compatriot's career closely so far and claims his next move will be between Real and City. Fjortfot says the reported contact with Barca is unlikely to be true. "I've got a feeling that Real Madrid will be ahead of Barcelona," Fjortoft told ESPN FC. DON'T MISSRoy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant [QUOTES]Man Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Cesc Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake [SOCIAL]  "Manchester City, there is a free seat as they would say in Formula One, so he would fit there as well. "What I do know about the process they're in now is it's very, very down to details, they're going through everything. At the end, Erling's got to make a decision." When pressed to elaborate, Fjortoft explained his information that there are now only two clubs in the running. He added: "I'm not talking like a politician, I've tried to be quite clear. Because when we now come to the final thing, I'm saying that it's down to two clubs. "And I think that's Real Madrid and Manchester City and this Barcelona thing I think is more a spin.  "I'm not sure that it will end up being a spin at the end but at the moment, it's down to two countries and two clubs." It was reported by Spanish outlet AS last week that Haaland wants to join Real in the next window. Haaland has scored 16 goals in 14 Bundesliga appearances so far this season. But he has missed large amounts of the campaign through injury. The 21-year-old has not played since the 3-2 win at Hoffenheim on January 22 due to muscular problems. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 