Arsenal’s hopes of signing Lautaro Martinez appear to be over after the Inter Milan star’s agent made it clear where his future lies. Martinez has starred for Inter since joining the Serie A giants from Racing Club in 2018. He has scored at least 15 goals for three successive seasons, helping to fire Inter to the Scudetto last season. With Romelu Lukaku having left for Chelsea, the Argentine became the club’s leading man up-front as they sought to defend their title. He scored a hat-trick on Friday as Inter smashed Salernitana to move back above Napoli and to the top of Serie A. Martinez’s form has attracted the eye of several of Europe’s leading clubs, in particular Arsenal, who attempted a move for him last summer. The Gunners were expected to make a return for the striker in this summer’s transfer window, as they search for a new frontman. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta confirms transfer 'priority' as he makes demand Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are both set to depart the Emirates Stadium, leaving only Florian Balogun as a recognised striker for next season. Mikel Arteta had been eyeing Martinez as a potential solution to that rapidly approaching problem, but the Arsenal boss has now been hit by a serious blow. Martinez signed a new contract with Inter last summer and his agent has now insisted that he will see out the entirety of that deal. “He stays with Inter: Lautaro has a five-year contract with Inter, he feels like an Interista. Inter is the team of his heart,” Alejandro Camano told Calciomercato. DON'T MISS: Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham battle for star 'vying for England bid' (TRANSFERS)Mikel Arteta reveals one thing Arsenal need to be title contenders (INSIGHT)Paul Merson names his Champions League favourites for fourth spot (ANALYSIS) “He feels like one more fan, his family is. They have a great time in Milan. I can say with certainty: there is no possibility that Lautaro will leave Inter. He is very keen to win with these colours.” Martinez’s hat-trick on Friday broke a goal drought in Serie A that had lasted since December and Camano revealed his happiness at the striker’s return to form. “Lautaro was very angry. He was angry with the ball that he did not want to enter,” Camano added. “It was an extremely sensitive moment for a boy who cares a lot about the colours he defends. Yesterday I also followed the match with extreme attention. “We are all very happy because it was a fantastic evening with his goals, the opportunity to put that anger behind us, those matches without finding the way to the net.” Camano’s insistence that Martinez will see out his entire contract at the San Siro represents the final nail in the coffin of Arsenal’s hopes of signing him. Arteta will now be forced to search out alternative targets as he bids to fill the gap left by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s departure in January. Martinez meanwhile will turn his full focus to firing Inter to a second successive Serie A title, with Simone Inzaghi’s side currently enjoying a one-point lead at the top of the table.