There is no cure for osteoarthritis, a condition experienced by nearly nine million people in the UK, according to the NHS. The condition often develops in people aged 45 and over, and can come with some uncomfortable symptoms. Though there are a number of medical treatments which can help to ease some of the pain associated with osteoarthritis, there are also some natural methods that could also be beneficial. According to health expert Maya Quadir, who works at herbal remedy supplier Super Botanic, ginger is one spice that can offer numerous benefits when included in your diet. Ginger is a flowering plant, the root of which is widely used as a spice and a folk medicine. The spice can be bought for as little as 53p in supermarkets, or you can buy root ginger from a greengrocer or vegetable aisle. READ MORE: Glenda Jackson health: Actress, 85, feared she had dementia Though it has many health benefits, Ms Quadir says it can help to reduce some of the inflammation associated with osteoarthritis. She explained: "Osteoarthritis is a common problem characterised by the degeneration of joints in the body, leading to chronic joint pain and stiffness through inflammation. "This inflammation attacks the muscle and joint tissues and can cause swelling, increased fluid, cartilage and bone damage, and muscle loss. "Ginger’s anti-inflammatory properties offset the effects of inflammatory chemicals in the body to reduce and eliminate swelling and soothe muscle and joint pain." DON'T MISSJason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [REVEALED]Dementia: Three lifestyle habits to reduce risk [EXPLAINER]Arthritis: Two supplements to reduce symptoms [INSIGHT] Numerous scientific studies have already been undertaken to determine just how much ginger can help ease the common symptoms associated with arthritis. According to Arthritis-health.com: "Lab studies suggest ginger’s benefits come from several different compounds, including gingerols and shogaols. "These compounds have both anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. "The anti-inflammatory properties seem to help relieve pain and improve joint function in people who have arthritis." A 2015 study looked at the "efficacy and safety of ginger" in treating osteoarthritis patients. The examination of five research studies found that people who had osteoarthritis and took ginger had a 30 percent decrease in pain and a 22 percent reduction in disability, compared with control groups who took a placebo. Ginger has also been used historically to cure inflammation, as well as nausea and digestive problems. Though ginger can be taken in supplement form, you can also easily incorporate it into your diet. You can add freshly grated ginger to stir-fries or other vegetable dishes to give your dish a spicy, aromatic flavour. Alternatively, you can create rich sauces by adding ginger in. Ginger can also be grated or blended into soup, tea or even smoothies for additional health benefits.