The Prime Minister's comments came as Moscow was warned it faced its own Stalingrad and can only take Ukraine's capital Kyiv if it razes the city to the ground. Russia hit back by saying Western arms convoys to Ukraine could be treated as "legitimate targets" - heightening fears Nato could be dragged into the conflict if such strikes strayed into Poland or other allied countries. Meeting Irish Taoiseach Micheal Martin in London yesterday, Mr Johnson condemned Russian attacks on civilians. He is preparing to host Nordic and Baltic leaders of the Joint Expeditionary Force (JEF) northern European security coalition from tomorrow. Mr Johnson said: "European security has been shaken by the attack of Russia on Ukraine and alongside our partners, we will take action to ensure we emerge stronger and more united than before." He added: "Ensuring we are resilient to Putin's threats needs to go beyond our military footing. "Together alongside our North and Baltic Sea partners we must ensure we are insulated from Russia's interference and impact on our energy supplies, economy and values." Mr Johnson will raise the importance of broader European security with JEF leaders. He will also urge them to work together to ensure no other nations fall victim to Vladimir Putin's aggression. As more than 2.6million refugees, mostly women and children, have fled Ukraine - more than 1.6million to Poland alone - the UK Government launched its Homes for Ukraine scheme to bring evacuees to safety. Meanwhile fierce fighting continued with air raids on the outskirts of Kyiv as the bulk of Russian ground forces were 15 miles from the city centre. Elements of the large column were seen to disperse in a bid to encircle the city. Ukraine's leader Volodymyr Zelensky said about 1,300 of his troops had been killed since the invasion and 500 Russians had surrendered on Friday.  He suggested Kremlin forces could take the capital only if it "razes the city to the ground. " and warned they would face a fight to the death. Mr Zelensky said: "I f they decide to carpet bomb and simply erase the history of this region, the history of the Kyivan Rus, the history of Europe, and destroy all of us, then they will enter Kyiv. "If that's their goal, let them come in, but they will have to live this land by themselves." In an early video message he said:"The losses of Russian troops are enormous. This is the biggest blow to the Russian army in decades." But he added Russia was sending in new troops and its aim was to overwhelm defences by sheer numbers, after Ukrainian forces had put 31 of its battalion tactical groups out of action. Mr Zelensky said: "They use terror' to break our faith in victory and in Ukraine. "I'm sure they won't succeed. It will not work for them. But in order for them not to succeed, we still have to fight." The defiance was echoed by UKRAINE's youngest MP, who said the fight for Kyiv could be Russia's new Stalingrad, a key battle which marked the beginning of the end of Hitler's Nazi regime. Sviatoslav Yurash, 26, said: "It's a massive town of millions and if the Russians try to come in, they will have quite a fight on their hands. "This will be their Stalingrad if they want to make it so. Nobody is going to surrender. I can definitely guarantee you that."  President Zelensky also chalon lenged Putin to meet him face to face for peace talks in Jerusalem, with Israeli prime minister Naftali Bennett as mediator. In a phone call, French and German leaders urged him to order an immediate ceasefire. A French presidency official said: "We did not detect a willingness on Putin's part to end the war." As the war entered its 17th day Ukraine's foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba added: "We will continue to fight. We are ready to negotiate but we are not going to accept any ultimatums and surrender." He added Russia was putting forward demands that were "unacceptable". Seventeen Nato cargo planes are being used to fly supplies and armaments into Poland every day. Speaking on state TV, Russia's deputy foreign minister, Sergei Ryabkov, said: "We have warned the US that pumping weapons into UKRAINE, which they have orchestrated, from a number of countries, is not just a dangerous move - it is a move that turns these convoys int"legitimate targets" - have warned of the consequences that can result from this reckless transfer to UKRAINE of such types of weapons as portable air-defence systems, antitank missile systems and so on." The Russian foreign ministry earlier said it will not negotiate with Nato, after the military alliance provided UKRAINE with weapons . It said: "Currently the countries of the alliance and more broadly - the European Union, not giving a damn about international law and their own codes of conduct, are supplying airborne weapons for the Ukrainian armed forces. Weapons destined to kill Russian servicemen.  There can beno kind of dialogue with Nato in these conditions. In the past few years the relationship between Nato and Russia through the fault of the alliance has fallen to zero." EXPERTs say Russia does not know which convoy is carrying weapons or missiles with enough precision to target them, so they could risk hitting humanitarian aid lorries or even fleeing refugees. Russia may also be signalling it is prepared to broaden the conflict by striking targets along Poland's borders, in the hope a war with Nato may pressure America to force President Zelensky to find a workable accommodation with Moscow. Last night US President Joe Biden authorised an additional £150million in weapons and military training for Ukraine. General Sir Richard Barrons, the former head of UK Joint Force Command, said: "Russia knows Ukraine's ability to continue receiving weapons is a critical factor and it's no surprise that it considers these convoys legitimate targets. "But there's a world of difference between targeting convoys on the Ukrainian side of the border and targeting a Nato country. "An air or missile attack into Poland would breach Article 5 and Nato must be absolutely resolute in maintaining that any escalation into Poland pitches the entire alliance against Russia. "A key moment is coming - either Russia doubles down, or it broadens the conflict to include Nato, with Putin gambling that it will force the US to pressure Zelenksy to settle."  Yesterday, the eastern Ukrainian town of Volnovakha was said to have been destroyed, according to Donetsk governor Pavlo Kyrylenko. A mosque sheltering more than 80 children and adults in the city of Mariupol was also hit by artillery fire. It was not known if there were any injuries, but Ukraine has accused Russia of refusing to allow people out after a blockade left hundreds of thousands trapped. Mariupol deputy mayor Sergei Orlov said around 2,000 civilians had been killed since the siege began. Humanitarian corridors were set up from Mariupol, Sumy and towns and villages outside the capital Kyiv. But continued Russian shelling or shooting in some places made any evacuations fraught with danger. Around 2,000 civilians in a convoy of 40 buses were evacuated from the village of Bilohorodka in the Kyiv region yesterday. But the Ukrainian intelligence service said Russian soldiers shot a column of women and children, killing seven including a child, as they tried to flee to another village, Peremoha, also in the Kyiv region and along an agreed "green" corridor. A statement said: "After the attack, the occupiers forced the remnants of the column to turn back to Peremoha and are not letting them out of the village."  Russian rocket attacks destroyed a Ukrainian air base and an ammunition depot near the town of Vasylkiv in the Kyiv region yesterday morning. Artillery and supply trucks are now in the town of Ozera, 19 miles north west of Kyiv, and Berestianka, 10 miles further north west from Gostomel airport, Russia, and will soon be in a position to tighten its fist around the city. Last night experts said Ukrainian forces would begin sealing the city off with mines within the next two days. Justin Crump, CEO of the Sibylline strategic risk group, said: "Most evacuation routes from the city are now unusable and we can expect Ukrainian forces to begin sealing the city off with mines within the next 48 hours. But while Russian forces will encircle the city, and use heavy artillery and missiles, they are unlikely to enter it soon. "They will want to stabilise Mariupol and Chernihiv first, which will release a further 15 Russian tactical battalion groups. "When the assault on Kyiv eventually comes, it will probably be Syrian troops sent to first enter the city. "Russians want to avoid the type of house-to-house fighting they experienced in Grozny." Former Nato deputy secretary general, Rose Gottemoeller, said she was "sceptical" Russian forces would have much success in an assault on the capital. A massive convoy of Russian forces massed outside the city is believed to have dispersed in preparation for an advance.  Ms Gottemoeller said: "I'm wondering if they have the ability to regroup at this point, because their logistics are in such bad shape they don't really have the fuel supplies they need for a push on to Kyiv." She said reports off ighters recruited from Syria to fight alongside Russia in Ukraine demonstrates the "barbaric approach to this invasion" taken by Putin. She said: "They are extremist groups - they are people that have been fighting in Syria, they are some of the most violent extremists that have been encountered in warfare." Belarus may send its forces to join Russian troops, following reports five fresh battalions had been sent to the border with UKRAINE last night . Dictator Alexander Lukashenko, knowing that morale among his army is low, had pledged not to support Russian forces in Ukraine. But he is under immense pressure from Putin, whose need for fresh troops has already seen Chechens and Syrians called up. The Ministry of Defence said Putin had recruited "16,000 mostly Middle Eastern volunteers" and experienced Russian mercenaries. It added: "As losses mount, Russia will be forced to draw on alternative sources to reinforce their overstretched regular forces."  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea In a bid to get Lukashenko to commit, Russian generals ordered strikes from UKRAINE on several Belarusian villages on the border, in a "false flag" operation which was blamed on Ukrainian forces . Alexander Lord, Europe and Eurasia analyst for the Sibylline strategic risk group, said: "Lukashenko is under a lot of pressure from Putin, who wants to internationalise this conflict as much as possible. "Morale is low in Belarus' army and many officers and soldiers are refusing to engage in Ukraine. "There was even an alleged letter by the chief of the general staff offering his resignation because he cannot get his troops to cross that border. "But ultimately, Lukashenko knows he owes his presidency to Putin. UN oversight body the International Maritime Organisation is calling for a safe Black Sea and Azov Sea corridor to let commercial ships evacuate. Many of the waters are mined and Russian navy vessels are off the shores of Ukraine. 