The US President has vocally opposed Russia’ invasion of Ukraine, and has ordered sanctions against Moscow and a $350 million (£290million) package of American weapons to Kyiv. However, Mr Biden has drawn criticism for a weaker response than desired from Republicans and onlookers, with some recalling Donald Trump’s Presidency. In a speech to Republican donors in New Orleans, the former US President said the US should put the Chinese flag on F-22 jets and “bomb the s*** out of Russia” in retribution for its invasion of Ukraine. The Washington Post reported Mr Trump said to laughter from the crowd: “And then we say, ‘China did it, we didn’t do it, China did it,’ and then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.” According to the outlet, Mr Trump also called Nato a “paper tiger”, said the US military had won “skirmishes” against Russian troops while he was President. He also claimed to have been tougher on Vladimir Putin than any other US leader. Tim Stanley, a historian, wrote for the Telegraph that Mr Trump’s advice to “bomb the s*** out of Russia” was “classic Trump: mad, bad, ironic and insightful, because while we want to help, we also don’t want to get hurt”. He noted Mr Trump is accused of threatening to withhold military aid from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky “to force him to dish any dirt he might have on the Biden family’s business dealings”, sparking the former President’s first congressional impeachment. However, Mr Stanley then added “Trump called out the bad; he mocked the pretensions of the good”, and claimed he “stood in a long line of Republicans who asserted the best way to avoid a fight is to signal to your opponent that if they lay one finger on you, you’ll break their nose”. In contrast, the historian pointed to Mr Biden’s “incompetent withdrawal from Afghanistan”, suggesting Russia was encouraged to “try its luck” following the US’ exit from the country. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Putin invasion ruined as airport AND city 'retaken' Mr Stanley then continued to say “weakness escalates tensions”, and added what Ukrainian’s are “fighting for is their homes”. He said: “That’s a noble cause and we’re right to back them, but Trump regarded such ideological abstractions as artificial, expensive and best avoided. “All nations are in competition, he would argue, regardless of political system, and their goals are shaped by history and geography. “Russia wants, and will always want, a buffer zone to the West. Trump had no problem with that, in theory, and it was a mistake to needle Moscow with the threat of Nato extension. “Yet for America to be great, its overtures towards friendly nations, including Ukraine, must be respected, and its sense of right and wrong flattered. “Given the obvious blow to Pax Americana that the invasion has inflicted, it’s hard to imagine that a second-term Trump would have tolerated it. “We’ll never know. But we have learnt that the president of the day is the real deterrent, and Biden couldn’t deter a troop of delinquent Girl Scouts.” In his speech on Saturday to “about 250 of the Republican party’s top donors at the elite Four Seasons” hotel, Mr Trump also claimed Putin would not have invaded Ukraine if he had still been in power. According to the Washington Post, Mr Trump said: “I knew Putin very well. “He would not have done it. He would have never done it.” Russia is accused of interfering in the 2016 US election to benefit Mr Trump. An investigation into claims of interference from Robert Mueller produced “insufficient evidence to bring any conspiracy or coordination charges against Trump or his associates”. It comes as US Secretary of State Antony Blinken announced on Sunday that top officials are speaking with their European counterparts about banning oil imports from Russia. It also comes as reports from the New York Times suggested senior US officials met with their Chinese counterparts to help persuade Moscow against going to war in Ukraine. Speaking on NBC’s Meet the Press, former UN Ambassador Nikki Haley, who served under Mr Trump, said: “You never ask an enemy for help with another enemy. “I never told China anything I didn't want Russia to know. "I was mortified that Biden went so far as asking China for help with Russia. “You can’t trust Xi. You can’t trust China.”