The ITV presenter hosts the show alongside This Morning colleague Phillip Schofield, but she has been forced to miss tonight's show after testing positive for Covid. It comes after Phillip had to do the same earlier in the series after contracting the virus himself. Holly, 41, has hosted the show for a number of years after an initial stint on the show from 2006 to 2011 and then again since 2018. It is believed she will make a return for the final in two weeks' time. A spokesperson for Dancing on Ice said: "Unfortunately, Holly Willoughby is unable to host tonight's show after testing positive for Covid-19. "We look forward to Holly returning for the Dancing on Ice Live Final." READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one When her co-host tested positive, comedian Stephen Mulhern stepped in to replace him on the skating competition show. As she self-isolates at home, it's likely Holly will also miss most of her This Morning episodes next week. Tonight's semi-final installment will air as usual at 7.30pm but it seems Phillip will present the competition solo. Since Phillip's diagnosis of the virus, rules around isolating following a COVID test have changed. But it is still advised for people who test positive to isolate until they get a negative result after taking continuous lateral flow tests. Holly presented This Morning with various stand-ins during Phillip's isolation period, so it's likely he will be sat on the ITV sofa alongside other familiar faces. The iconic duo has worked together on This Morning since 2009, and fans enjoy the rapport they share. DON'T MISS... EastEnders chaos as Keegan Baker spirals out of control? [LATEST]Conservative MP says 'embarrassing' government need to help Ukraine [VIDEO]Saturday Night Take Away and Starstruck cancelled in ITV shake-up [LATEST] The presenter had also worked alongside Stephen before he stepped in to help out with Dancing on Ice. As she hosted the show without Phil, Holly explained: "You may have heard that Phil is isolating so for the first time ever he won't be here this week. "The lovely Stephen [Mulhern] has stepped in to save the day." The comedian replied: "Yes, I am here guys. Please don't stop [applauding]." He turned to Holly and asked: "Can you believe it's actually 16 years since we worked together on kids TV?" Holly replied: "I know and look at us now, we're grown-ups doing proper grown-up telly." Tonight's show will see contestants Brendan Cole, Kye Whyte, Connor Ball, Kimberly Wyatt and Regan Gascoigne competing for a place in the final. Dancing on Ice continues tonight at 7.30pm on ITV.