Kate Middleton stepped out a month ago on February 3 with her father-in-law Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall for a royal outing in London. For the occasion, Kate wore a Catherine Walker dress that she has already worn several times in the past. The dress was almost like a coat, a grey tweed, belted garment that Kate paired with Gianvito Rossi black pumps and a mini Mulberry bag.  Then, just last week, the Duchess of Cambridge flew to Denmark where she met Queen Margrethe II and Crown Princess Mary. On this occasion, Kate again wore a Catherine Walker dress in the colour grey. The grey coat was sharply tailored in a gunmetal colour, made from Birdseye cashmere and wool, according to the Catherine Walker website. The coat had beautiful black lapels and cuffs, based on an 18th-century naval frockcoat. READ MORE: Major diesel changes being introduced in April will 'punish hauliers' Once again, the Duchess paired her grey coat with her stunning black stiletto heel shoes from Gianvito Rossi and her Mulberry small crossbody bag. Both times Kate was in the presence of more senior royals and she chose the colour grey – why was this? Daena Borrowman, Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: “When making recent public appearances alongside more senior members of the Royal Family, the Duchess of Cambridge has been photographed in particularly muted colours. “She opted for grey Catherine Walker coat dresses during a visit to The Prince’s Foundation alongside the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall and then whilst visiting Queen Margrethe II and Crown Princess Mary in Denmark. “Commentators have said that the Duchess of Cambridge may possibly have donned the rather toned-down grey to avoid upstaging the senior royals she was out and about with. “However, photographs from her pre-royal days reveal that Kate has always been partial to cool and neutral tones, which undeniably compliment her complexion like a dream. “While the coat dress that Kate wore to the outing with the Danish royals has been spotted on her for the first time, she has re-worn the one from her outing with her in-laws, which was first spotted on her in 2019.”  Fashion experts at JD Williams also commented on Kate’s choice of the more muted grey. They said: “Grey is a popular colour choice in fashion throughout the autumn and winter season, which might explain the selection of grey outfits worn by Kate Middleton upon a royal visit to Denmark, a country known for its colder temperatures at this time of year. “It is also an easy colour to style and can show off the fit of a garment beautifully. “Grey is a colour that represents neutrality, balance, and sophistication, which could be why Kate chose this colour when photographed next to more senior royals, including the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. “Upon her royal visit to Denmark, Kate was also photographed next to Princess Mary wearing an elegant, double-breasted, knee-length grey coat dress, which fitted at the waist and flared at the hip. “This sophisticated look might represent Kate’s focus on her royal duties, especially while working alongside other royal figures.  “While she is often recognised for her admirable fashion sense, she may opt for a more toned-down look to represent her dedication to the job. “It's also worth noting that Kate arrived in Denmark wearing an eye-catching textured red blazer, complete with gold buttons. “The rest of the look included a simple white shirt and sleek black trousers. “Some might say this is Kate’s way of honouring and paying respect to Denmark, by dawning red, which is symbolic of the country’s flag.” 