Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov told state television Moscow is convinced that it is right in its confrontation with the West. Lavrov accused NATO of seeking to maintain its supremacy and said that while Russia had a lot of good will, it could not let anyone undermine its interests. He also insisted Moscow is focussed on solving "all those problems created by the West," taking specific aim at the US and the European Union. He admitted to believing some foreign leaders were preparing for war against Russia. He said: "Napoleon and Hitler, they had the objective of having the whole of Europe under their control. "Now Americans have Europe under their control. "We see that the situation has really demonstrated what role the EU is playing in the context of the global situation – they're just fulfilling a role." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG Lavrov continued: "We see there's a picture like in Hollywood, there's absolute evil and absolute good and this is unfortunate. "I think this hysteria will end and our partners will calm down after a while. We will sit down to negotiate but only on one absolute condition that there has to be equal positions." And Lavrov also accused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky of presiding over "a society where Nazism is flourishing". The Russian Foreign Minister reiterated that Moscow could not tolerate military threat from Ukraine which he said was taking orders from Washington. READ MORE: Boris told to unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' will end Russia  And he said he had no doubt that a solution to the Ukrainian crisis will be found, but Russia's dialogue with the West needs to be based on mutual respect. Despite an initial battle plan that Western countries said was aimed at swiftly toppling the Kyiv government, Moscow has captured only one Ukrainian city so far - the southern Dnipro River port of Kherson, which its tanks after nearly a week of fighting. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky has remained in Kyiv, releasing regular video updates to the nation. DON'T MISS Texas man sparks fury as he shares video from Russia front line [SPOTLIGHT]Kwasi launches urgent review over Russian gas- UK price shocks soon [REVEAL]West faces 'severe recession' from Russia-Ukraine conflict [INSIGHT] In his latest message, he said Ukrainian lines were holding. Mr Zelensky said: "We have nothing to lose but our own freedom," he said. In Borodyanka, a tiny town 60 km (40 miles) northwest of Kyiv where locals had repelled a Russian assault, burnt out hulks of destroyed Russian armour were scattered on a highway, surrounded by buildings blasted into ruins. Flames from one burning apartment building lit up the pre-dawn sky. 