Unvaccinated British tourists can now travel to France as long as they present a negative Covid test. The UK has now been moved to France’s green travel list. Guillaume Bazard, France’s consul général in London, tweeted: “On March 31, the United Kingdom will be placed on the green list. “Abolition of compelling reasons for non-vaccinated travellers, who will have to present a negative test (72 hour PCR or 48 hour TAG) entry into force upon publication in the Official Journal.” Before the rule change, unvaccinated people could not travel to France unless they had an essential or compelling reason for travel approved by authorities. If they were allowed to travel, they had to isolate for seven days after arrival in France. READ MORE: Manchester airport has ‘huge problems’ says Simon Calder France introduced tougher travel restrictions after the emergence of the Omicron variant in the UK. Britons were even completely banned from France for a while due to fears over the new variant. Vaccinated Britons will no longer have to complete France’s passenger locator form and can enter with proof of vaccination. Britons who had a second jab more than 270 days ago will need to have a booster to count as vaccinated in France. Children under 12 are exempt from testing or providing proof of vaccination to travel to France. Many countries, including the UK, have now relaxed their Covid travel rules to make holidays easier. British tourists will still need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain unless they have proof of a recent recovery. Some experts expected Spain’s rules to be relaxed at the end of March but the Government has just extended it until April 30. France’s move comes as British tourists prepare to head off on Easter spring holidays in April. British families could travel to Paris on the Eurostar to marvel at the city’s incredible sights such as the Eiffel Tower and Louvre. Families might also like a visit to Disneyland Paris which is celebrating its 30th anniversary of opening this year. Tourists can also head to Calais to enjoy northern France and its culinary delights and wine. Britons looking for sunny weather should try the stunning south of France where temperatures are likely to be warm in April. Cities such as Nice and Cannes offer Britons beaches, delicious food and stylish boutique shopping. Budget flights fly to most major French cities from UK airports with deals still available for spring. British tourists will still need to comply with local Covid rules in their holiday destination and should check the UK Government website for the latest advice.