Lucy Verasamy has taken to Instagram to share a new update with her 160,000 followers as she stepped out today. The 41-year-old ITV Weather star appeared in great spirits as she soaked in the sun during a walk. She uploaded two selfies reflecting her mood for the day as she explained how the weather made a “huge” difference. In the first snap, the presenter was showing just the top part of her head while walking in the shade and hiding behind her scarf. In the second picture, Lucy could be seen smiling broadly as she walked in the sun. The TV star urged her fans to follow in her footsteps and choose the sunny side of the road to enjoy the sunshine. Lucy captioned the post: “Winter in the shade, summer in the light this time of year. “Choose the sunny side of the street. HUGE difference!!” She continued: “Summed up by a quote by Charles Dickens in 1880: ‘It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.’ Great Expectations.” Lucy often uses her Instagram account to give friends and fans updates on her life as well as the weather. Last month she shared two throwback photographs of her last ski trip, which took place more than two years ago. Along with the scenic snaps, Lucy wrote a caption reminiscing about last year’s wintry conditions around this time of the year. She wrote: “A pre covid/lockdown ski trip. And probably the last time I saw proper snow. “It’s been mild for many recently but this time last year we were in a deep freeze/icy grip! DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin [HEALTH]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman's farewell to Laura Hamilton [INSTAGRAM]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [INSIGHT] “I remember fountains froze in central London. “It was barely above freezing but it’s been nearer 14C in places today. “Colder air is incoming though…” One of the pictures showed Lucy kitted out in her black ski suit, helmet and goggles. She smiled for the camera as she balanced on her skis and held her poles in one hand. The snowy snap revealed a clear lake and icy mountains behind the ITV host. The second picture featured skiers enjoying the slopes in a valley.