Alan Ladd Jr has died aged 84, his daughter Amanda Ladd-Jones has confirmed. She wrote that he “died peacefully at home”. Amanda, who directed 2017 documentary Laddie: The Man Behind The Movies, took to social media to announce the sad news. “With the heaviest of hearts, we announce that on March 2, 2022, Alan Ladd, Jr. died peacefully at home surrounded by his family,” she wrote. “Words cannot express how deeply he will be missed. His impact on films and filmmaking will live on in his absence.” His brother David Ladd, also made a statement on Facebook. “My brother, my friend, my hero, who always stood by my side,” he wrote. “We will stand together again on the other side! I love you Laddie.” Alan, whose nickname was Laddie, produced and worked on several Hollywood hits including Alien, Blade Runner, The Omen, All That Jazz, and Chariots Of Fire. His films won more than 50 Oscars including two Best Picture gongs.  One of those was for Braveheart in 1996, which was directed by Mel Gibson. Alan was credited as the person who commissioned George Lucas’ Star Wars at a time when studio executives wanted it scrapped due to budget concerns. “Laddie was one of the few people that actually said, ‘I trust the artist,’” George has since recalled. The filmmaker made a statement honouring Alan upon the news of his death. DON'T MISS... “Laddie loved film and believed in filmmakers," he said. "He was one of the few executives who bet on the person rather than the project. Without Laddie there would be no Star Wars. "He didn’t understand what Star Wars was about, but he believed in me and supported my vision. "Quiet and thoughtful, he had an independent spirit that gave so many storytellers a chance. He stood up to the studios and went with his gut instinct.  "Laddie took a great personal and professional risk on Star Wars, and on me, and for that I will be forever grateful," he concluded. Alan is survived by his second wife, Cindra, who he married in 1985, and his three children: Amanda and her sisters, Kelliann and Tracy Ladd. Amanda's documentary Laddie told the story of his life and incredible career. Another of his daughters named Chelsea died in March 2021 aged 34.