Lewis Hamilton has admitted that he was simply unable to keep up with the pace of Haas driver Kevin Magnussen during the closing stages of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix on Sunday evening. The Mercedes man was forced to settle for a 10th-placed finish at the Jeddah Corniche Circuit despite making up five places with a spirited effort over the course of the 50-lap contest. Hamilton pulled off a number of exciting moves during the race and did well to make up some lost ground after starting from all the way down in 15th place. However, he was still unable to beat his new Mercedes team-mate George Russell, who crossed the line in fifth place. The seven-time champion also finished behind Magnussen, who recorded his second points-paying finish in as many weeks after returning to Haas only a week before the start of the new season. Hamilton revealed after Sunday's race that he struggled to keep up with the power of the Dane despite battling for track position with him on a number of occasions. "I struggled with tyre temperatures in the beginning, but it started getting better as the mediums [on most of the other cars] dropped off," Hamilton told Sky Sports F1. "It was a really good stint, I was pushing and feeling good, then it all hit the fan. JUST IN: Saudi GP guarded by 'anti-aircraft guns' after Hamilton united drivers "Not much has changed really since the last race, it’s only been a few days. What I know is that today, I couldn’t keep up with the Haas at the end. "The power they have, they came slingshotting past me when I overtook Magnussen earlier on in the race. We’ve got a lot of work to do for sure but I know we’ve got a great team and we’ll just keep our heads down and try to improve." It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will be able to claw back their performance deficit when compared to the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari as they look to put things right over the coming weeks and months. The Silver Arrows were some way off the pace of their Constructors' Championship rivals throughout the entire weekend in Saudi Arabia and will have plenty of work to do in order to make amends over the course of the campaign as a whole. Meanwhile, Sunday's result saw Hamilton drop behind race-winner Max Verstappen in the Drivers' Championship standings after picking up just one point at the end of the race in Jeddah. The 37-year-old also finds himself adrift of Russell and will be desperate for Mercedes to iron out their glaring issues before their next outing at the Australian Grand Prix in two weeks' time. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE