   Former This Morning presenter Eamonn Holmes has taken aim at ITV bosses, insisting he “wasn’t being treated with respect”. The journalist’s statement comes after he previously branded ITV as “sly” for axing him from his long-time role on the morning talk show.    The 62-year-old has slammed ITV once again for the way they treated him before he jumped across to GB News. Eamonn and his wife Ruth Langsford, 61, used to present on ITV’s This Morning together every Friday, but were replaced on the show by Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary in 2021. Eamonn began presenting This Morning alongside his wife back in 2006, while Ruth had already been part of the ITV show’s on-air team since 1999. Ruth continues to present on Loose Women, but Eamonn is no longer a part of ITV at all - and there certainly doesn’t appear to be any love lost there.      The Northern Irish presenter told the Guardian Magazine this weekend: “It was obvious I didn't tick the boxes for ITV anymore and I wasn't being treated with respect there. "It was a self-esteem thing. "You think 'nah I'm out of here, bye!' So that was it,” he continued. "And nothing's changed: I play what I do straight."     He added: "GB News has been very welcoming - it's nice to be appreciated." Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for further comment. Eamonn previously claimed that his exit from This Morning came as bit of a shock. He previously told the Daily Mail’s Weekend Magazine: “No one explained anything to me.  READ MORE... BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [LATEST]   “I'm all for TV companies being able to choose who works for them, but it would be nice if you were told why you were going. “They're sly. They didn't want to announce that I'd been dropped because it would adversely affect audience figures, so they made it look as if I'd walked away from them rather than the other way round. “They had a chat with my agent and announced that I was going to GB News when they'd done no more than ask if I'd be interested in joining them.” He also addressed claims that the reason behind his exit was to improve on-screen diversity.      “I'm not going to have myself derided as some sort of has-been,” he said. “I may be male and pale but I'm still at the top of my game.” In response to his claims, ITV said at the time: “This isn't a version of events we recognise and as we have said before we wish Eamonn all the very best.” This Morning airs weekdays from 10am to 12:30pm on ITV.    