According to Pauline Maclaran, co-author of who wrote Royal Fever: The British Monarchy in Consumer Culture Anne and Sophie have “carved” out images for themselves as traditional royal women. She adds that though the pair had been involved in what she describes as “reputional hiccups”, both have recovered from this to show they are “conscientious in their duties”. Ms Maclaren, claims the Duke and Duchess of Sussex form a direct contrast with the likes of Sophie Wessex and Princess Anne. She claims this is because the couple are trying to “build their own brand”. Ms Maclaran, who is a Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research in the School of Management at Royal Holloway, claims that Harry and Meghan’s brand targets a younger demographic - one the Firm is not necessarily targeting. Prof Maclaran also adds that while Anne and Sophie “steer clear of controversy”, Meghan and Harry “put across their own identities even when it may have been judged inappropriate”. Pauline Maclaren told Express.co.uk: “Both Sophie Wessex and Princess Anne have been steadfastly loyal in their service to the queen and both maintain a dignified position in the public eye. “They have both had reputational hiccups in the past. Sophie had the “fake sheikh” scandal to deal with and Princess Anne had her divorce from Mark Phillips. “However, now they have both carved images as traditional royal women who are conscientious in their duties and careful not to embarrass the monarchy. “Their brand images could not be further away from the break-away Sussex brand aimed at Generation Z. “Princess Anne and Sophie Wessex manage to steer clear of controversy because they understand better the requirements of the job and are more willing to sacrifice their own personalities in service to the Queen. READ MORE: Royal fans back Camilla after tearful Ukraine outing “Meghan and Harry have been much keener to ensure they put across their own identities even when it may have been judged inappropriate (the Oprah interview etc.) and they are very clearly trying to build their own brand, which Princess Anne and Sophie are not.” For years, Princess Anne, the Queen’s only daughter has been widely admired for her work ethic. The Princess Royal made her first public engagement in 1969 and since then Her Royal Highness has shown she is deeply committed to supporting the Queen and the Royal Family. At the beginning of the year, the Times reported that Princess Anne took the top spot as 2021’s busiest royal as analysis showed that Anne completed a staggering 387 official engagements last year. DON'T MISS Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [REVEAL] Queen thanked for 'generous donation' for Ukraine war victims [REPORT] Philip threatened to 'throw Queen out of car' for 'yelping' in fear [INSIGHT] Sophie Wessex, on the other hand, is said to be the Queen's favourite daughter-in-law, and royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams previously told Express.co.uk that the Countess is "extremely close" to the Queen. Their relationship between the two women is so close in fact that Sophie has a nickname for her mother-in-law. During a speech for the queen's Diamond Jubilee Trust in 2019, Sophie addressed the Queen as "Mama." Last year, amid a tumultuous time for the Firm, which saw the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Prince Andrew stepping back from royal duties and the death of the Queen’s husband, Sophie emerged as being one of the most reliable and committed members of the Royal Family. In addition, Royal journalist and author Victoria Murphy also praised the Countess when writing for Town & Country, and said Sophie had “become a stalwart member of the ‘Firm’” thanks to her down to earth nature and quietly assured approach to her royal duties. Since quitting royal duties two years ago, Prince Harry, 37, and Meghan Markle, 40, have moved to the US and pursued other opportunities as private citizens. After confirming they would no longer be working royals, Meghan and Harry relinquished their honorary titles and patronages. Announcing their decision to step away, Meghan and Harry also shared their hopes to carve out a “progressive new role within this institution”. Since then Harry and Meghan have gone on to pursue other avenues and opportunities. The couple have since gone on to sign a multi-year Netflix deal and started a podcast with Spotify, and launched their own charitable foundation, Archewell. The Sussexes also regularly speak out on topics in the political sphere and other themes including mental health and vaccine equity. The couple has also appealed to a younger market than established members of the Royal Family, through appearances on prevalent US chat shows which are popular with Generation Z and millennials. In November, the Duchess of Sussex appeared onThe Ellen DeGeneres Show and further distanced herself from the royals by commentating on a political issue. Also last February, Harry appeared on The Late Late Show with talk show host James Corden where he opened up on life in the US.