Professor Michael Clarke has pointed out what he believes is a major mistake in Russia's strategy for the war in Ukraine. The military expert believes that the number of troops needed to garrison captured towns and cities in Ukraine, amid strong local opposition, has led to the Kremlin "running out" of troops. Professor Clarke told Sky News: "The problem that the Russians have is if you're invading a country that doesn't want you there, every time you capture somewhere, you've got to leave troops behind, you're protected. "So the troops at the front of the push get thinner and thinner. "So the push gets harder the further away you are from your base. "At some point, the Russians will start to run out of troops strange as it may seem." Asked how long before Kyiv is totally surrounded, he replied: "Well, it's hard to tell, they've made very hard work of it so far. "But we have to expect that in the next let's guess three-four days, Kyiv will probably be surrounded and then the next phase of this fairly awful war will begin to unfold" Meanwhile, United Nations' human rights office said on Monday it had confirmed the deaths of 406 civilians, including 27 children, in Ukraine since the start of Russia's invasion on Feb. 24, but it said the real figure was likely to be much higher. The latest figures from the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, which has a monitoring mission in Ukraine, cover the period from February 24 to March 6.  The figure compared with 364 confirmed deaths in its report on Sunday. Russia's defence ministry has said it would open six humanitarian corridors in Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities, but Kyiv rejected the plan given the proposed evacuation routes led into Russian or Belarusian territory. Russian shelling is preventing the evacuation of civilians from Kyiv, Mariupol, Sumy, Kharkiv, Volnovakha and Mykolayiv, Ukraine's Foreign Ministry said on Monday. "This prevents the safe passage of humanitarian columns with Ukrainian and foreign citizens, as well as the delivery of medicines and food," it said in a statement. DON'T MISS:Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts [REPORT]Putin abandoned by former oligarch ally [NEW]British Army vets go through gates of hell to get supplies to Ukraine [LATEST] The ministry called on foreign leaders to force Russia to observe a ceasefire to prevent what it said could be a humanitarian catastrophe. Civilians were able to be evacuated from the town of Irpin near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv without coming under fire on Monday, a day after people trying to flee were caught in Russian shelling, local officials said. Ukrainian negotiator Mykhailo Podolyak urged Russia to halt attacks on civilians on Monday as he prepared to start a third round of talks with Russian officials on Moscow's invasion of Ukraine. "In a few minutes, we will start talking to representatives of a country that seriously believes large-scale violence against civilians is an argument. Prove that this is not the case," he said on Twitter.