Bayer Leverkusen star Florian Wirtz has suffered a serious knee injury which will keep him out for the rest of the season. Wirtz has enjoyed a brilliant campaign, which has seen him linked with several clubs, but will now be sidelined for several months with an ACL injury.     The 18-year-old attacking midfielder has caught the eye by contributing 10 goals and 14 assists in 30 appearances across all competitions for Leverkusen this season. His consistent performances have seen him catch the eye of scouts from Manchester United, Liverpool and Newcastle – and force Leverkusen to issue a hand-off warning. But any hopes of a summer transfer may have been scuppered by the injury he picked up in Sunday’s Bundesliga match against Koln, which saw him stretchered off. "Bayer 04 Leverkusen will have to do without midfielder Florian Wirtz in the long term," a statement on Leverkusen’s website read.  JUST IN: Ferdinand urges Man Utd not to sell Ronaldo amid sobering admission "The 18-year-old national team player tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in the Bundesliga game on Sunday afternoon, March 13, against 1. FC Köln (0-1). "This is the diagnosis from an immediate MRI scan. The Werkself will therefore be without Wirtz for several months." Wirtz made his international debut for Germany in September and national team coach Hansi Flick said he had already spoken with the midfielder to wish him a speedy recovery.  DON'T MISS Arsenal 'hatch plan' to hijack Coutinho move despite Aston Villa pact Merson backs Arsenal to sign midfielder who 'could go to Liverpool' Gerrard teases Man Utd's chances of transfer for 'immense' McGinn “Florian Wirtz is one of the greatest talents that German football has produced in recent years,” Flick said. “That’s why we were all shocked when we found out about his cruciate ligament rupture. "I’ve already phoned him to try and encourage him. He’s still young and he’ll come back strong, I’m sure of it. "We wish him all the best and keep our fingers crossed that the healing process goes as optimally as possible.” As well as the Premier League interest, Wirtz has received admiring glances from Barcelona, FC Bayern and Real Madrid, according to Fabrizio Romano.  Bayer Leverkusen chief executive Fernando Carro has said the club will fight to keep him as long as they can. “We try to keep him as long as possible,” he told Bild. “Not only until 2023, but at least until 2024. I assume that he will not leave before 2024. “We try everything to keep the best young players. We have to play football in the Champions League and fight for trophies. “Then the boys are more likely to stay with us. We need sporting success to keep the players with us.” 