There are many different ways for dieters to lose weight and, as a result, it can be confusing. Some experts are in favour of running to reach a calorie deficit and, consequently, lose weight, while others are sceptical of it. Richie Howey, personal trainer and owner of CEO of Team RH Fitness, sits in the latter camp. Richie spoke to Express.co.uk about why he is dismissive of running. He said: “I’m not against running for enjoyment or mental health – but I am against it being seen as a core method for weight loss for obese people.” Britain is currently facing an obesity problem, with the Health Survey for England 2019 estimating that 28 percent of adults in England are obese and a further 36.2 percent are overweight. Richie continued: “A lot of people in our network are under the illusion that there’s a direct correlation between weight loss and running, which couldn’t be further from the truth. READ MORE: Gardening: How to use orange peels to make your garden ‘thrive’ “When running, your calorie expenditure is high – significantly higher than if you were to complete the same number of steps (10,000 to 12,000 steps) through walking. “This extreme calorie burn will subsequently push you over your usual threshold. “And as soon as you’ve pushed your deficit too high, a binge-hate-repeat cycle is inevitable. “Because of this, the only way you can run and sustainably lose weight is if you’re carb cycling and managing your calorie intake to a fine level, which takes years of practice to fully grasp.” DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fan shares easy way to remove yellow marks from pillows [TIPS]‘The plant will grow’: The lemon rind hack for planting seeds [INSIGHT]Hydrangeas in winter - what they look like, how to care for them [COMMENT] Running does not, therefore, seem like a good idea for beginner dieters. It is not either a good idea if you have bad knees, according to Richie. “Quite simply, running puts immense pressure on your knees. “There’s a 3lb pressure for every pound of weight, which can be severely damaging if you’re often running whilst overweight. “As well as your knees, you could potentially roll over on your ankle which would prevent any type of movement for a long period of time.” So, what does Richie recommend slimmers do to lose weight? “Exercising and dieting go hand in hand when it comes to weight loss,” the personal trainer said. “For sustainable weight loss, I strongly recommend individuals adhere to a calorie deficit along with weight resistance training and an average of 10,000 steps per day. “You don’t need to be hitting long calorie burns through the likes of marathons or crossfit sessions – walking is just as effective.” In terms of diet, Richie claimed: “A no-foods-barred caloric deficit is the only physically possible way to lose weight for good. “When you focus on hitting personalised calorie and macro targets that are based on your own unique data, it puts you in the optimal deficit for fat loss. “These targets also ensure that your body is getting the nutrients it needs during your daily intake, helping you to suppress hunger and fatigue as a result.”