Manchester City have reportedly told potential summer signing Erling Haaland that he can use them as a stepping stone to Real Madrid. The Premier League leaders are the frontrunners to sign the Borussia Dortmund hotshot in the summer transfer window.   Haaland has proved himself to be one of the best strikers in world football since signing for Dortmund in January 2020. The 21-year-old has scored a staggering 80 goals in just 81 appearances for the German outfit. He is wanted by all of Europe’s top clubs. Premier League sides City, Manchester United and Chelsea have all been linked, while the likes of Real Madrid and Barcelona have also been suggested as possible destinations. But it has been widely reported over the last couple of days that Haaland will agree to join City in the summer. His father and representative, Alf-Inge Haaland, played for the club between 2000 and 2003.   JUST IN: Liverpool's Salah issue is 'really serious' after 'negative meeting' Pep Guardiola’s side are top of the Premier League despite playing for most of the season without a recognised striker. They signed highly-rated Argentina international Julian Alvarez in January but loaned the 22-year-old back to River Plate. However, part of the discussions to convince Haaland to join City apparently involved the Manchester club insisting he would be allowed to join La Liga giants Real in the future. Journalist Guillem Balague believes Haaland has been told to ‘have a few years’ under Guardiola before moving to Spain. Balague told BBC Sport: "Real Madrid are his (Haaland) number one choice, but City are playing on the fact that at Madrid there is Kylian Mbappe almost certainly arriving in the summer and Karim Benzema is still doing well as their main striker. And they are pointing out that Barca aren't in a position to challenge for all the titles at the moment.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'may not win title for 20 years' as next manager told to axe 5Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squadCristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future' “The timing and circumstances actually play in favour of City a bit. The way City approached it was also to say 'you're very young, have a few years here and then you can have Real Madrid in the future'.” Madrid are expected to go hard in their pursuit of Kylian Mbappe in the summer. They failed with a couple of bids last year, with Paris Saint-Germain keen to keep the France international. Mbappe’s PSG contract expires in the summer. He is expected to be the focus for the Spanish club, leaving City free to attract Haaland to England.      