Manchester United are reportedly keen to beat the rush to sign Sevilla goalkeeper Yassine Bounou as they look to strengthen their options between the sticks. The club are expected to make wholesale changes to their squad this summer following the arrival of a new manager and it appears additional competition for David de Gea is on the agenda. United have been known to rotate their goalkeeper in recent seasons, particularly last term under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. De Gea lost his place in the side to Dean Henderson, who was later replaced by the Spaniard following an upturn in form. The 31-year-old has not looked back since regaining his spot and Henderson could now look to move on. Tottenham, Newcastle, Watford and Borussia Dortmund have all shown interest in Henderson in recent transfer windows and he looks set to assess his options. In the meantime, The Sunday Mirror claim Bounou is being eyed by United chiefs. The Canadian-born Moroccan has enjoyed an unlikely rise to the La Liga limelight after leaving Atletico Madrid in 2016 without playing a single match for the first team. Since then, he has impressed with Zaragoza (loan) and Girona to earn a chance to flourish at the Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan. Now Bounou is Morocco's No 1 at international level, whilst also being regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in La Liga. The report claims United have now asked Sevilla about his situation with his current situation set to run until 2024. Sevilla are now reportedly scrambling to tie their shot-stopper down to a new contract amid United's interest. Any new deal could include a release clause as big as £63million. At the moment, Bounou's current deal includes a release clause thought to be worth around £25m. That reads favourably for United, especially if Henderson is sold this summer. Bounou made history by scoring for his club in a 1-1 draw with Real Valladolid last season. The goal and unique moment helped put his name up in lights as he battles Thibaut Courtois for the Goalkeeper of the Season accolade in Spain. United are thought to be keen on waiting for their new manager to sign off any transfers, however, the board have a clear idea on some of the players they would like to add to their squad.