Netflix’s epic historical drama has come to an end with a riveting final instalment which provided plenty of surprises. As Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) made one more last-ditch attempt to take back Bebbanburg, The Last Kingdom’s series lead was also much more involved behind the camera on the new season. Eliza Butterworth has paid tribute to Alexander in her latest Instagram post. The Aelswith star took to social media to celebrate Alexander’s work as both a director and actor in the final season of The Last Kingdom. As well as starring in all episodes as Uhtred, he also made his directorial debut on the second episode of season five. Eliza was stunned by his first outing as a director, and included a heartfelt tribute in her post thanking fans for continuing to tune in to the series each year. She wrote in her latest update: “WOW. Thank you so much to our magnificent fans for all of your unbelievable love and support!” READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps “We are so over the moon that you have enjoyed Season 5 of @thelastkingdom and your generosity and kindness is utterly breathtaking!!” The actress included several behind-the-scenes snaps in her Instagram update, and gave a warm thank you to The Last Kingdom’s entire cast and crew. “Thank you to every single person that has been involved in the making of this show since 2014!” she continued. “The hard work, talent, genius, and loveliness from all of our crew, production and cast have made this show so very special.” The British historical series is currently Netflix’s number two show in the UK. Millions of fans worldwide have been riveted by the period drama, which is based on Bernard Cornwell’s bestselling Saxon Stories series. Thankfully, this isn’t the end of The Last Kingdom, as upcoming feature film Seven Kings Must Die will bring Uhtred’s story to a bloody conclusion. In the meantime, Alexander has been putting his talents to the test after trying his hand at directing for the very first time in season five. DON'T MISS:The Orville’s Klyden star drops update for season 3 [LATEST]Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [INSIGHT]Outlander season 6: Marsali ‘isolated’ as she's abandoned by Fergus? [THEORY] Eliza wrote: “And a huuuuge thank you to the insanely phenomenal @alexander.dreymon for being our warrior, our legend, our Lord Uhtred. “You blow us all away!!!! Your talents know no bounds!” Season five marked the first time a main cast member stepped up to direct an episode of The Last Kingdom, and Eliza was incredibly impressed with his achievements. She continued: “We were so honoured to have even been directed by you in episode two of this final season.” “Such a special moment - we are in awe of you and everything you have done!! What an increeeedible journey this has been! “I love you TLK family! You know what I’m gonna say now………destiny is all.” Uhtred’s heroic final stand was successful, and Bebbanburg became a safe haven for Aelswith, Eadith (Stefanie Martini) and other key figures in Europe’s mediaeval history. However, the story isn’t over just yet, and Eliza is expected to return in the upcoming feature film to bring the Saxon saga to an end. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.