 Many Netflix viewers have already binge-watched the latest batch of Top Boy episodes as the new season launched onto the streaming service earlier this month. The hard-hitting drama series left fans eager for more with a shock killing in the finale episode. After watching the series in full, many viewers are keen to know more about the drama’s cast. Who is Top Boy star Erin Kellyman and how old is she? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.   Erin is an up and coming British actress who already has some huge TV and film credits under her belt. She stars in Netflix’s Top Boy as Pebbles, the niece of Gerald 'Sully' Sullivan (played by Kane Robinson). Fans were first introduced to Pebbles when she turned up at Sully’s boathouse out of the blue and it soon became apparent she was in serious trouble with some Peckham drug dealers. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge?  The young actress is only 23 years old, but her youth hasn’t stopped her landing some huge roles. Sci-fi fans may recognise her from the silver screen as she starred in Solo: A Star Wars Story back in 2018. In the hit film Erin played resistance fighter Enfys Nest who led the Cloud-Riders.    She starred alongside Donald Glover, Emilia Clarke, Alden Ehrenreich, and Phoebe Waller-Bridge in the Star Wars spin-off movie. However, Star Wars isn’t the only big franchise Erin has been spotted in as last year she made her Marvel debut. She played FlagSmasher Karli Morgenthau in MCU Disney+ series Falcon and the Winter Soldier. The action packed TV series saw her throwing punches with Anthony Mackie and Sebastian Stan. DON'T MISS...EastEnders exit for Isaac Baptiste as he leaves Albert Square [SPOILERS]A Place in the Sun presenter ‘disappointed’ as couple halt viewing [WATCH]Holby City icons tease potential spin-off for Fletch and Donna [UPDATE]  Erin also has more TV projects on the horizon as she’s starring in upcoming fantasy series Willow. The show is expected to be released later this year on Disney+ and acts as a sequel to the 1988 film of the same name. She will be appearing alongside Warwick Davies, Tony Revolori and Ellie Bamber. Erin is playing a character called Jade in Willow, however little is currently known about the plot of the fantasy series.    As for Erin’s personal life, she’s originally from Tamworth in Staffordshire. The young actress is the daughter of an Irish mother and Jamaican father, and also has a sister called Amelia Kellyman. Erin’s an open member of the LGBTQ+ community and attended a pride parade in 2019. Top Boy is available to stream now on Netflix. 