According to Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), weeds on hard surfaces are usually common weeds of lawns or waste ground such as dandelions, annual meadow grass and creeping buttercup that have blown in as seed. It is best to use chemical-free options when it comes to removing any garden weeds as it can help prevent ruining habitats. Weeds growing on driveways and patios can make the area look messy which will get worse if not treated. They are often restricted in size due to poor growing conditions but they can still set seed and flower, sometimes into large weeds. Experts have shared how to get rid of hard surface weeds, including using vinegar. A spokesperson for GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “There’s nothing more disheartening than seeing hours of hard work in the garden ruined by pesky weeds that seem to sprout from nowhere. READ MORE: DIY homeowner uses clever Dunelm trick to transform stairs for £117 “There are loads of commercial products on the market that will do the job in killing the weeds quickly, but most of these contain potentially harmful chemicals. “Not only are these homemade concoctions a chemical-free alternative, but you’ll also save the expense of store bought products. “Products with high acidic values are usually effective, but you should avoid spraying them directly on soil as substances like vinegar can break down the soil structure and kill them.” This means vinegar is great to use on weeds which grow on driveways and patios. DON'T MISS:Why now is the ‘best ever’ time to sell your property [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share 29p tip to keep blankets fluffy - ‘works a treat’ [COMMENT]Council House Swap: Woman turns downstairs loo into pantry - ‘strange’ [VIDEO] It can be diluted with water or used at full strength. GardeningExpess.co.uk experts explained: “Vinegar is a non-selective and will kill everything it touches, but it won’t work on deep rooted perennials and may just burn the visible parts of the weed. “It’s highly effective on small weeds, but it can also alter your soil to prevent things from growing there in the future.” Therefore the experts recommend using vinegar on block paving and gravel driveways only. They added: “Simply add it to a sprayer and squirt onto the leaves and stems of weeds.” Vinegar can be picked up for as little as 30p in supermarkets such as Asda. Baking soda can also be used to help control weeds, working to kill weeds by extracting water from plant cells. It is ideal for weeds growing in cracks as it can damage grass and plants in the garden. Around one teaspoon is ideal to coat the entire plant, paying attention to the weed’s stem. The experts continued: “Salt has been used as a herbicide and pesticide for hundreds of years and is very effective. “Dilute three parts water with one part salt, mix and leave to stand for 10 minutes to make sure the salt has dissolved. “Spray the desired weeds with the salty solution but don’t use on lawns, salt can be absorbed into your soil and prevent future growth.” For weeds growing in the garden, GardeningExpress.co.uk recommended using boiling water, mulching as well as cornmeal. Rubbing alcohol can also help to remove the moisture that weeds need to survive.