Russia’s Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov appears to have claimed that the US has let Tehran and Moscow keep up their economic ties. This is despite Russia’s brutal invasion of Ukraine. While the US has hit Russia with a wave of crippling sanctions to batter its economy, it appears to be turning a blind eye towards its partnership with Iran. This, according to Mr Lavrov, is so the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), otherwise known as the 2015 nuclear deal, can be revived. Mr Lavrov said: “We received written guarantees. “They are included in the text of the agreement itself on the resumption of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on the Iranian nuclear programme.” Human rights lawyer Arsen Ostrovsky was furious that Mr Biden had allowed this to happen. He wrote on Twitter: “If true, this would be an inexcusable capitulation by the Biden Administration to Russia, over Iran. “And a shameful spit in the face of Ukraine (which is being ravaged by Putin) and ally Israel (whose destruction Iran seeks).” In 2015, Iran agreed on a long-term deal with a group of countries dubbed the P5+1 to limit its nuclear activities and allow international observers in. This was in return for the lifting of crippling economic sanctions. The P5+ 1 includes the US, UK, France, China, Russia and Germany. But back in May 2018, former US President Donald Trump abandoned the JCPOA and reintroduced sanctions on Iran. READ MORE: India hands Russia lifeline: Modi and Putin poised for huge deal Now, as the P5+ 1 scrambles to revive the deal, the US has given into Russian demands at a time when the West is trying to scupper Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. It comes after Russia made the demand for sanctions not to ruin its trading with Iran, or else risk the chance of the agreement on the nuclear deal being scrapped after more than 11 months of negotiations. But while the US called Russia’s demand “irrelevant” last week, it now appears to have caved. The Russian demand sent the fears of the UK, France and Germany soaring last week. Talks in Vienna were put on hold after leaders signalled that an imminent deal was on the horizon. DON'T MISS ISS horror: Putin sparks panic for 2 NASA astronauts as they spacewalk [REVEAL] Pakistan and Russia strike gas deal as pair form ‘new world order’ [INSIGHT] Saudi Arabia hands Putin oil lifeline after major blow [REPORT] French, British and German negotiators said in a joint statement: “It is disappointing that the EU coordinator has had to pause Vienna talks.” They argued that “a fair and comprehensive deal is on the table ready for conclusion. “It is our understanding that Iran and the US have worked hard to resolve final bilateral issues and so we are ready to conclude this deal now. While not mentioning Russia, it could be implied that the three countries were furious at Russia’s latest demands. The statement reads: “Nobody should seek to exploit JCPOA negotiations to obtain assurances that are separate to the JCPOA. “This risks the collapse of the deal, depriving the Iranian people of sanctions lifting and the international community of the assurance needed on Iran’s nuclear programme.” Back in November, Russia, China and Iran announced they have reached a “broad consensus” on the nuclear deal prior to talks. Tracey German, Professor in Conflict and Security for Kings College London told Express.co.uk that this signalled a “united front” between those three states against the US and the EU.