Viewers of Vladimir Putin's political rally at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium on Friday spotted terrifying details in the songs that were performed. Russian singer Oleg Gazmanov performed just before President Putin took to the stage to deliver his speech. PBS' special correspondent Simon Ostrovsky tweeted that the singer's song choice - Made in the USSR - includes the lyrics: "Ukraine and Crimea, Belarus and Moldova, this is my country!" Mr Ostrovsky said: "Kremlin crooner Oleg Gazmanov at the pro-war rally Putin went to yesterday singing 'Ukraine and Crimea, Belarus and Moldova, that is my country'. "This clip was sent to me by an acquaintance in Chișinău where it’s being shared with increasing alarm." Chișinău is the capital of Moldova, a non-NATO country bordering Ukraine, that many fear could be next in any future Russian invasion. People responded to the detail, as a US political analyst Howard Fineman tweeted: "As I’ve said, Moldova is next." Twitter user @Scilentor added: "Knowing the context, if that isn't foreshadowing I don't know what is." JUST IN: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai Others pointed out that the original lyrics also included "Kazakhstan and the Caucasus, and the Baltic states" as the chorus repeats "This is my country". Mr Gazmanov has long been a close ally of President Putin and politically aligned with his ambitions. In July 2014 the Soviet-turned-Russian singer was banned from entering Latvia allegedly "through words and actions having contributed to the undermining of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity". In 2015, Ukraine added him to a list of figures who pose "a threat to their national security". Similarly, in August 2016, the Lithuanian government also denied his entry at Vilnius airport. The choice to have Mr Gazmanov precede President Putin at the rally appears to be a sign that the Kremlin could even decide to expand its invasion past Ukraine's borders. During the rally, which was titled 'A World Without Nazism,' President Putin said the invasion of Ukraine was to "save people from suffering and genocide". He told supporters that Russian soldiers are fighting "shoulder to shoulder" in the country. DON'T MISS: Desperate Putin planned 'last-ditch' rally to raise troop morale [VIDEO]Caring Britain will stand firm at Ukraine’s side [EXPRESS COMMENT]Ukraine war LIVE: Terrifying 'invisible' missile fired for first time [LIVE BLOG] Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky responded to the rally during his video message, saying: "It is reported that a total of about 200,000 people were involved in the rally in the Russian capital. 100,000 on the streets, about 95,000 at the stadium. "Approximately the same number of Russian troops were involved in the invasion of Ukraine. "Just imagine 14,000 corpses and tens of thousands of wounded and maimed people at that stadium in Moscow. "There are already so many Russian losses as a result of this invasion. "This is the price of war. In a little more than three weeks. The war must end." Earlier today, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson warned that President Putin will not stop at Ukraine's border. He said: "The end of freedom in Ukraine will mean the extinction of any hope of freedom in Georgia and then Moldova. "It will mean the beginning of a new age of intimidation across the whole of Eastern Europe from the Baltic to the Black Sea."