The 23rd season of Law and Order: Special Victims Unit is currently in the middle of a two-week hiatus, but new episodes will be back on NBC very soon. With more instalments of Law and Order: Organized Crime and even the original Law and Order hitting screens at the start of next month, the long-running primetime spin-off will also see the return of a fan-favourite character back to the fold. Demore Barnes will be reprising his role as Deputy Chief Christian Garland in an upcoming episode of Law and Order: SVU. Christian departed the series in season 23’s two-hour premiere episode, alongside fellow series regular Jamie Gray Hyder. However, Demore himself had been promoted to a main role in season 22 after Christian was first introduced in season 21. The actor replaced Peter Gallagher’s William Dodds as Deputy Chief, and credited series lead Mariska Hargitay for “spearheading my shift to series regular”. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? His comeback was reported by Give Me My Remote, though it’s currently unknown which episode will feature Demore’s guest appearance. It’s also unclear if Demore is coming back to the series for good or simply for a quick cameo. Meanwhile, the actor himself is still unclear on the reasons for his initial exit in last year’s bumper premiere, titled Never Turn Your Back On Them. During the second half of the episode, Christian found himself being ostracised by Chief Tommy McGrath (played by Terry Serpico) for speaking out against police misconduct. Christian promptly resigned from his position, with Chief McGrath temporarily stepping in as SVU’s commanding officer. However, Demore admitted in an Instagram post: “I don’t totally know why this has happened.” He was still proud to have embodied the show’s crucial role, and hopefully his return will herald more appearances from Christian in the future. “[I’m] so very proud to have played the first Black deputy chief in SVU history,” Demore continued.” DON'T MISS:Susanna Reid rips apart P&O over ‘double standard’ furlough payments [VIDEO]The Gilded Age fans in tears over Peggy’s revelation [REACTION]Outlander’s Lauren Lyle thanks fans for support after Fergus scenes [COMMENT] “I hope that Wolf Entertainment’s leadership in giving me the opportunity to amplify vital voices and stories will result in many studios continuing to open doors of opportunity for others to do the same. “This must continue. So please… continue to do your part to support change and amplify the voices and stories that injustice, in its many forms, seeks to silence.” Demore has also confirmed the news himself in his latest social media update. On Monday, the TV star took to Instagram with a snap of himself in character as Christian. He added in the caption: “What? You didn’t think there’d be an encore?” His reference to his return as an “encore” could be an indication this could be a one-off appearance to give his character a proper send-off. Even so, Law and Order is well-known for bringing back its most popular characters, even years after the fact, so there’s every chance this won’t be the last we’ve seen of the former deputy. Law and Order: Special Victims Unit returns Thursday, April 7 on NBC. A UK release date is yet to be announced.