Venus in Aquarius squares Uranus in Taurus today, causing a little bit of unrest in several areas of our lives. You’ll be extra excited and desperate to do something fun, but you should avoid making rash decisions. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 19. The main event of the day is Venus squaring Uranus, and this will last until Monday. This transit can bring unexpected urges or events that test the stability of a love relationship. Astrology King said: “An increased need for freedom and excitement can test your patience with a loved one or lead to wandering eyes. “Avoid taking risks if meeting someone you know nothing about.” READ MORE- Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 Venus square to Uranus can present us with a potential challenge or struggle. Cafe Astrology said: “Values and tastes may clash, and social activities could suffer as a result. “We can feel torn between wanting closeness and freedom. “Impulsive attractions to people and/or material goods can lead us astray. “Some instability, restlessness, and rebelliousness are possible themes in our relationships.” Hold off on decision-making regarding finances today, as Venus square to Uranus can cause a tendency to act on a whim rather than reason. Cafe Astrology explained: “We might feel some discontent with our current pleasures or pastimes, and a change may be satisfying at this time. “It’s probably best to tame restlessness or avoid abrupt moves but consider our needs for growth and a change of pace.” DON'T MISS...Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [INFORMER]Sagittarius 2022 yearly horoscope: What the sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Scorpio 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect [EXPLAINER] There may be a struggle between two sides of your personality - unruly and the tame. Astrology.com said: “Venus in Aquarius squares Uranus in Taurus, causing stubborn stress between the modern minor benefic and the security-provoked wild child. “The square can pose initial tension likely resulting from entertaining unlikely Venusian themes, such as the atypical partner or risky investment. “But there is much to be gained from this aspect, as it could allow for radical exploration with new and unconventional themes in love, commitment, and money with common sense. The catch is being open-minded yet practical!” The Moon spends the day in Libra, encouraging us to be fair and objective and to use our people skills. Creating order through pleasing interactions with others and aesthetics in our environment is the focus during a Libra Moon. Cafe Astrology said: “We tend to solve problems through diplomacy, and we are more able to put aside our own emotions in order to achieve the peace we crave. “The tendency now is to avoid direct confrontations. Decisions do not come easily. “Seeing both sides to any given situation is the main reason for hesitation. Fear of losing others’ approval is another.” The Moon in Libra generally favours the following activities: