Newcastle United are believed to be interested in potential moves dynamic wingers Moses Simon and Moussa Diaby, as well as Rennes winger Jeremy Doku. Eddie Howe’s side appear to be safe from Premier League relegation after recording six victories and three draws in their last nine matches. It is a stunning turn of events for a team who did not win any of their opening 14 league matches this season. The Magpies are yet to taste Premier League defeat in 2022, having secured the signings of Kieran Trippier, Dan Burn, Chris Wood, Matt Targett, and Bruno Guimaraes in the January transfer window. From previously being rock bottom of the league, Newcastle now reside in 14th position, ten points away from the dreaded relegation zone. However, they are reportedly plotting another huge transfer outlay in the coming summer transfer window. JUST IN: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star While Howe was able to effectively refresh and bolster his back-line, he was not able to bolster his frontline as much as he would have liked. The Magpies were linked with the likes of Eden Hazard of Real Madrid and Ousmane Dembele of Barcelona, but Wood’s arrival from Burnley was the only attacking move they completed. Their lack of reinforcements in the attacking areas initially prompted huge concern, as they had lost Allan Saint-Maximin and Callum Wilson to injuries. But to compensate for their current and potential injuries, Howe has his eye on Nantes’ winger Simon, according to French outlet BUT Football. DON'T MISSArsenal may have next Pires and Ljungberg and now just need to find their new HenryPep Guardiola names 'unstoppable' Man Utd player who Man City must 'control' to win derbyMan Utd icon Gary Neville in furious response as Gavin Williamson is awarded knighthood Discussions for the 26-year-old have reportedly started between the Magpies and the Ligue 1 giants, of whom he is contracted to until the summer of 2024. Rennes youngster Doku is also believed to be on Newcastle’s radar, after his impressive season with the French giants. Despite only being 19-years-old, Doku has already accumulated ten international caps in Roberto Martinez’s star-studded Belgium side. Moses and Doku would relieve plenty of pressure on Saint-Maximin who has been Newcastle’s most prominent attacking threat this season. And another player who could potentially relieve the goalscoring and creative burden of the French winger is Bayer Leverkusen ace Moussa Diaby. The 22-year-old left-winger has been on fire for the Bundesliga giants, contributing 16 goals and nine assists in 32 appearances in all competitions. However, reports from the Daily Mail understand Gerardo Seoane’s side could demand an enormous £75m transfer fee for the French winger. Newcastle are reportedly willing to test their resolve with a £50m bid, but Leverkusen have a propensity to extract large transfer fees for their players. Chelsea were forced to break the bank to sign Kai Havertz in the summer of 2020 and Newcastle’s current status as the wealthiest team in the Premier League would not help their cause.