Queen Elizabeth II was due to attend a celebration recognising the 2022 anniversary of Commonwealth Day. However, Buckingham Palace has confirmed she made the decision not to attend after discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household. The engagement would have been her first major event since having Covid in February. The Prince of Wales was already scheduled to attend the service, along with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Alexandra. In a statement the Palace said: "After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, The Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. “The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in person Audiences, in the week ahead." READ MORE: Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown    No official reason for the Queen’s absence has been given by the Palace. She will, however, distribute her Commonwealth Day message as usual. The announcement comes after she returned to in-person engagements earlier this week when she met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.    During her meeting with Mr Trudeau, the head of state was not pictured with the walking stick she has been using recently. When she contracted Covid, her Majesty was understood to have developed mild symptoms - similar to having a cold. The 95-year-old had come into contact with her eldest son, Prince Charles, the week he had the virus. She tested positive for Covid on February 20 and spent two weeks carrying out only light duties - including virtual meetings - from Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS: Queen only answers phone to two people  [INSIGHT]Benefits cheat forced to sell home after claiming thousands from Spain [NEWS]Labour faces financial oblivion as top donor ready to scrap funding [EXPLAINED] The Palace spokesman also revealed another member of the royal family contracted Covid after the Queen, Charles and Camilla tested positive for the virus. He said: "The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will no longer attend, following the duke's positive test for Covid." Concerns about the Queen's health were earlier raised when she spent a night in hospital last October, missing a string of events and being advised to undertake light duties by royal doctors. This coming Monday will mark the latest edition of Commonwealth Day.   Commonwealth Day is an annual celebration observed by people all over the Commonwealth in Africa, Asia, the Caribbean and Americas, the Pacific, and Europe. As 2022 will be the Queen’s Jubilee year, a special focus is being paid to the role service plays in the lives of people and communities across the Commonwealth. Celebrations marking the occasion will take place at Westminster Abbey from 2.40pm - 3.45pm.   