Everton have released a statement in support of Ukraine after Russian President Vladimir Putin declared war on the nation last week. The Toffees have suspended their sponsorship deals with USM Holdings, MegaFon and Yota, effectively cutting ties with Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov. On Wednesday, the club released a statement in response to increasing pressure to drop its association with the three Russian companies. It read: "Everyone at Everton remains shocked and saddened by the appalling events unfolding in Ukraine. This tragic situation must end as soon as possible, and any further loss of life must be avoided. "The players, coaching staff, and everyone working at Everton is providing full support to our player Vitalii Mykolenko and his family and will continue to do so. "The club can confirm that it has suspended with immediate effect all commercial sponsorship arrangements with the Russian companies USM, Megafon and Yota." JUST IN: Chelsea's Werner offered exit route with Blues 'ready to discuss' sale On Monday, Usmanov's assets were frozen by the European Union after Russia commenced their invasion of Ukraine. In response, he released a statement via the International Fencing Federation, for which he has acted as President since 2008. He said: "On 28 February 2022, I became the target of restrictive measures imposed by the European Union. "I believe that such a decision is unfair, and the reasons employed to justify the sanctions are a set of false and defamatory allegations damaging my honour, dignity, and business reputation. READ MORE: Arsenal loanee Matteo Guendouzi takes parting shot as exit confirmed  "I will use all legal means to protect my honour and reputation. I hereby suspend the exercise of my duties as the President of the International Fencing Federation effective immediately until justice is restored." The 68-year-old, boasting a reported net value worth £11.5billion ($15.3bn), isn't directly involved in the set-up at Everton. However, he is the owner of USM Holdings, the club's official training ground sponsors, and MegaFon, Everton Women's main shirt sponsor. But his relationship with the Premier League club is now up in the air after the inevitable move to suspend both deals, with USM's Finch Farm sponsorship worth £30million. Usmanov, formerly a shareholder at Arsenal, was sanctioned by the EU due to his 'particularly close ties with Putin'. And the Russian oligarch shares a similar relationship with Everton owner Farhad Moshiri, which undoubtedly contributed to his involvement with the club. The Merseyside outfit had little choice but to publicly distanced themselves from Usmanov as football continues to unite in support of Ukraine. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.