GMB political editor Ranvir Singh joined Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley on Tuesday to share the latest news headlines throughout the morning. However, early on into the programme Ranvir was forced to leave after admitting she had woken up with streaming red eyes and a swollen face due to hay fever. Ranvir began the morning reading out the news in the usual fashion but once she had finished Richard admitted he thought she was going to have to “stop half way through”. Richard said: “Hey, credit to you. You've got the worst hay fever I think I've ever seen.” “I don't know what's going on. That's why I look like this today,” Ranvir replied. Richard continued: “I thought you were going to have to stop half way through, are you alright?" Read more: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is The political editor remarked: “I’m OK, thanks. Just streaming eyes.” Ranvir asked resident doctor Hilary Jones for advice as she battled severe symptoms. He suggested she remove her contact lenses and wear glasses instead which she did. However, 30 minutes later Ranvir had been replaced by newsreader Louisa James. Explaining the change, the GMB reporter said: “We think Ranvir may have had an allergic reaction.” Tuesday morning before GMB aired, Ranvir shared her hay fever concerns with her Twitter followers. She tweeted: “Anyone else got the worst most painful stinging hay-fever they’ve ever had? “I can barely keep my eyes open. If there was a vaccine for this I’d sign up asap.” DON'T MISSLiam Payne baffles GMB viewers with odd accent [INSIGHT]GMB reporter told DON'T ask about Will Smith as Costner avoids probe [INTERVIEW]Richard Madeley slams Hollywood elite over Will Smith slap [VIDEO] Fans of the GMB presenter agreed they were also suffering with symptoms. Michael Cowan tweeted: “Yes! Itchy stinging eyes, scratchy throat, the works!” Jennie Rose added: “Mine started early this year.  I have had horrible sinus headaches a lot this time round.” “I sympathise with you @ranvir01. Have suffered with Hayfever all my life. Would love a cure for it. Its debilitating x much love,” Joanne Duke wrote. Anne Alexander remarked: “Have had itchy throat and stuffy head for days, and been testing for Covid assuming the rona had got me again… but no, it’s hay fever.” “Bless you and you still turned up for work. I suffer too so feel your pain,” Tiffany Fletcher shared. Al  said: “Get better soon Ranvir...missing you on the show already! All the best.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.