Escape to the Chateau is currently between seasons on Channel 4 as fans eagerly await the return of the hit show. However, the stars have been keeping viewers up to date about the goings-on at the French chateau via social media. This included Dick Strawbridge sharing an adorable snap with their newest addition to the family. Posting on the official Escape to the Chateau Instagram, the star posed with his family. He was spotted holding on to his dog Petale alongside his kids Arthur and Dorothy. Alongside this, he penned: “Can you believe it's almost been two years since Petale came to live at The Chateau. READ MORE: Anne Hegerty pulls out of Beat the Chasers as she names replacement  “Here she is on her very first day with the Strawbridges.” Fans of the family were quick to take to the comments section to share their excitement over the update. Suejenkins153 wrote: “I love watching your programme and family life. “It takes me into the tv and makes me forget my life for that time. Take care. X” (sic)  Home_of_the_waggy_tail added: “They bring so much happiness, just look at the kids faces gorgeous photo xx.” Elle_rustle penned: “So lovely. No joy or love like a puppy can bring!” Many fans also found it adorable how Dorothy can be seen kissing Petale’s paw in the snap. Eats_by_the_beach commented: “Dorothy kissing the Petale’s paw. “Just adore this gorgeous family!” DON'T MISS... Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Denise Welch fires back at Twitter troll's cruel remark [PICTURES]Piers Morgan slams Meghan Markle's Spotify verdict as 'beyond parody' [INSIGHT]   Mignotheotter added: “The kiss on the paw melt my heart.” Jessica_nz commented: “The paw kiss is everything.” The update comes just days after the family returned home from their tour across the UK. Dick, Angel Strawbridge and their two children had been travelling around the UK with their show Dare To Do It. The six-week-long tour saw them head to spots like Belfast, Worthing and Carlisle.  Marking the end of it, the family posted on Instagram about the fun that they’d had. Posting on Tuesday, they wrote: “We are home...after nearly 6 weeks on the road touring, we arrived back to the Chateau in the early hours of yesterday morning. “It's truly been an honour and a privilege and we have loved every second. It's been great to see & meet so many of you and to hug friends and family. “Thank you so much if you came to see us. “We’ve been catching up around the house, unpacking, laundry and having the first goose eggs of the season. Boy... it's good to be back home.” 