Heathrow Airport will no longer require people to wear face masks in its terminals, railway stations or office buildings. However, it recommends people continue doing so. Heathrow’s chief operating officer Emma Gilthorpe said: “While we still recommend wearing them, we can be confident the investments we’ve made in Covid-secure measures - some of which aren’t always visible - combined with the fantastic protection provided by the vaccine will continue to keep people safe while travelling.” Heathrow added it would not hesitate to make masks mandatory again if the situation changed or new variants of concern emerged. British Airways customers will also now only have to wear a mask if their destination requires it. READ MORE: Chaos ensues for tourists at Tenerife South airport Jason Mahoney, BA’s chief operating officer said the move was “welcome” and a “positive step forward”. Virgin Atlantic has also announced it is now a personal choice for crew and customers to wear masks onboard. However, some countries have international regulations on mask wearing and passengers will still be required to wear one in those cases. Jet2 and TUI have already scrapped masks on their flights travelling from England and Northern Ireland. The move comes as further travel restrictions will be lifted for travellers from Friday March 18. From then, all tourists will be able to enter the UK without filling in a passenger locator form or taking a Covid test. However, holidaymakers may still need to take tests or fill out a form in their holiday destination. Restrictions vary across Europe and British tourists should check the Government website before travelling. A Heathrow statement said the airport “Face coverings will remain available at the airport to support those who wish to continue wearing them. “We know some passengers may feel vulnerable, and we are encouraging colleagues to be respectful and put on a face covering when near a passenger who requests it. “Should a significant rise in Covid cases or a future variant of concern materialise, Heathrow will not hesitate to reinstate the mandatory use of face coverings at the airport.” Countries including the USA and Italy still require passengers to wear masks on flights and customers should follow airline advice. Masks have proved controversial among some passengers and there have been reports of fights over the issue. Several videos have gone viral on social media after passengers allegedly refused to wear a mask. British tourists are advised to check the latest restrictions with their airline before setting off the airport. The UK passenger locator form and Covid testing rules will be scrapped from 4am on Friday March 18.