Russia’s war in Ukraine has sparked a refugee crisis, with around 3.9 million people thought to have fled their homeland so far, according to some estimates. For Ukrainians who had been involved in academic research, it may have appeared as though their projects were in tatters. But now, the Government has handed them a £3million lifeline by setting up an exciting new fund. The support package, forming the Researchers at Risk Fellowship Programme, was announced on Sunday, March 27. And not only will it support Ukrainian researchers who have escaped the conflict, but also those who are in the UK and cannot go back home. Science Minister George Freeman wrote on Twitter: “Science is a force for good in the world. “That’s why as well as our Russia sanctions, I’m announcing £3million support for Ukrainian researchers fleeing the conflict (as well as those already in the UK but unable to return home).” The UK’s national academies and the Council for At-Risk Academics will deliver the funding along with the Nuffield Foundation, which is contributing £500,000. As well as providing a salary and accounting for research, the Fellowships will also cover the researchers’ living costs for up to two years. The funds can be accessed across all disciplines for postdoctoral researchers. The Fellowship can also be accessed by those with equivalent experience to help support Ukraine’s research landscape. Mr Freeman added: “The UK has a proud history of world class science, underpinned by a commitment to freedom and sanctuary for those fleeing tyranny. “Today we are taking a stand for science as a force for good and supporting Ukrainian researchers to come to the UK. “We will always support science where it is working to further international knowledge and discovery and to find solutions with global benefit, but it is only right that we take a stand against the Kremlin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine and the deplorable Putin regime.” READ MORE: Morocco offers UK 'abundant resources' to slash Russian ties The Government has also stressed that it will not provide funding to any new collaborative projects with Russia. This is yet another strategy to cripple the Russian state, and individuals and organisations linked to the Kremlin. It also made clear that this measure is not aimed at individual Russian researchers and students, many of whom oppose the invasion of Ukraine. Now, universities across the country have started to welcome Ukrainian students and are hoping to partner with institutions to provide remote learning opportunities. DON'T MISS Russia to be 'big losers' after threatening UK project – NASA steps in [REVEAL]Putin bowel cancer speculation fuelled by ‘Moon face’ fears [REPORT]Katya Adler outlines why VDL's energy plan will be CRUSHED [INSIGHT] Minister for Higher and Further Education Michelle Donelan said: “Our world-leading universities have always been underpinned by the core values of freedom and liberty, which is why I know they will support us now in taking action against the Russian regime and their illegal invasion of Ukraine. “We are asking universities that have not yet done so to review any financial or academic research ties with Russia given the horrors the Kremlin is inflicting on the Ukrainian people.” The UK Government is not alone in its efforts to help rescue Ukraine’s science community. ScienceForUkraine is a community group of volunteer students and research scientists from institutions in Europe and around the world. The group consists of a number of universities that have been providing free accommodation to students and has been offering full-time and part-time positions to researchers.