James Martin's weight loss journey has been one that inspired fans across the nation, as the TV chef got himself into step by dropping an incredible five-stone. And it's all down to one simple secret that he says is "key" to maintaining a heathy weight. With his love for food, James didn't make any major changes to his diet or calorie intake. Instead, he watched what he drank. He's told viewer of his Saturday morning ITV show about his love for an alcoholic drink now and again, but by cutting out the booze and fizzy drinks altogether, his physique changed dramatically - without focusing on the food element. He made sure he was consuming - and still does - the recommended two litres of water per day to keep his body hydrated and healthy. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure James said: "The way I lost weight is by cutting down soft drinks. "I drink a lot of water, two litres every day. I still eat exactly the same. "Losing weight is a balance of everything, it's getting off your a**e and doing more and not eating less, but eating a variety of different things." He admitted lockdown was perhaps a cause for bingeing, but by ensuring he stays hydrated, he has felt more energised and more switched on mentally. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He said: "Water is the key. As you get older, I realised I don't need to go to the gym, I'm working [in the kitchen] all the time anyway. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird, he told Hello! Magazine. The regular This Morning cook has always been open about his weight. James, who is 6ft 4in tall, previously weighed 19st 17lb at his heaviest. He said: "Water is the key. As you get older, I realised I don't need to go to the gym, I'm working [in the kitchen] all the time anyway. "Water keeps your brain healthy and it keeps your skin healthy and it keeps your focused – it's crazy when you give up soft drinks how much more your brain feels alive, it's very weird, he told Hello! Magazine. The regular This Morning cook has always been open about his weight. James, who is 6ft 4in tall, previously weighed 19st 17lb at his heaviest. "I just think it's a lifestyle thing and also looking at yourself on TV. “I don't really watch the programmes that I do because you get critical of yourself. You kind of watch and go, 'Oh God there's a bit of a chin happening there.’ “And everybody's TVs are bigger now. Before you used to watch TV on a small one and now they're massive," he told the Sun.