Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has seen significant repercussions for the country’s businesses and sports stars. Former F1 driver Nikita Mazepin lost his seat at Haas as a result of the war, and one of the team’s sponsors are Russian company Uralkali.  Haas were keen to distance themselves from the driver and wasted no time in terminating his contract. He is set to be replaced by Brazilian Pietro Fittipaldi, who has previously raced for Haas as a stand-in for former driver Romain Grosjean. The 23-year-old released an angry statement after his F1 dream came to an end. "Dear fans and followers, I am very disappointed to hear that my F1 contract has been terminated," he penned. "While I understand the difficulties, the ruling from FIA plus my ongoing willingness to accept the conditions proposed in order to continue were completely ignored and no process was followed in this unilateral step. "To those who have tried to understand, my eternal thanks. I have treasured my time in F1 and genuinely hope we can all be together again in better times. I will have more to say in the coming days." JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin breaks silence on Haas exit with angry statement - 'Completely ignored'  In the aftermath of the shocking events, Express Sport asked readers if Haas should be allowed to continue competing in F1 while they are sponsored by Russian potash fertiliser producer, Uralkali. Over 12,000 readers responded and an overwhelming 74.5% believe F1 should ban the team if they don’t end their deal with the company, while 16.6% said yes and 8.9% were unsure. Only 21% of readers think Haas should have kept Mazepin on their team, with a whopping 70.2% saying he should have been sacked. The most emphatic response came with the final question which asked if Haas should cut all ties with Uralkali. DON'T MISS   A massive 87.1% of readers think Haas should end their deal with the Russian company, while 9.6% said no. After the decision to relieve Mazepin of his duties, Haas released a statement that read: "Haas F1 team has elected to terminate, with immediate effect, the title partnership of Uralkali, and the driver contract of Nikita Mazepin. "As with the rest of the F1 community, the team is shocked and saddened by the invasion of Ukraine and wishes for a swift and peaceful end to the conflict." Mazepin endured a difficult debut season with Haas in 2021, finishing 21st overall following a string of disappointing  races and failed to score a single point.  Speaking last week, team chief Guenther Steiner admitted the decision was a difficult one. "It needs to be resolved," he said. "Not everything depends from us here what is happening. “There's governments involved, I have no power over them, and we also need to see how the situation develops in Ukraine." 