Manchester United stars are apparently questioning the logic of having an interim manager and believe they would be faring much better if the club appointed a permanent boss straight away. Ralf Rangnick took temporary charge at Old Trafford in November and is set to make way for a new manager at the end of the current campaign. Rangnick’s arrival coincided with an upturn in fortunes for the 13-time Premier League champions as the German won five of his first six top-flight games. But the Red Devils have been in dismal form recently and have won just two of their last eight league encounters. On Sunday they were thrashed 4-1 by Manchester City and were later slammed for their willingness to roll over and their lack of desire. That result came a week after they had been held to a 0-0 home draw by strugglers Watford. And, according to the BBC, United players believe they are not being helped by the extended period without a permanent manager and lack of clarity over who will eventually oversee the team. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby   Last week football director John Murtough said a “thorough process” was underway to appoint a permanent successor to Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who lost his job in November. And that process is now advancing. Former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino, who is currently in charge of Paris Saint-Germain, is thought to be in the frame to take over as is Ajax boss Erik ten Hag. But both men have led their current sides to the last 16 of the Champions League - so United may not have been given permission to speak to them at this stage. United fell behind early in the Manchester derby after Kevin de Bruyne struck inside the opening five minutes. DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash     Jadon Sancho equalised midway through the opening period before De Bruyne put his side in front for a second time six minutes later. City then steamrolled their neighbours in the second half, with Riyad Mahrez adding a brace late on. And legendary United midfielder Roy Keane slated his former team for their performance. “The worst thing you can say about Man Utd is that they gave up - in any game to give up is unforgivable really,” Keane said after the match.   “The beauty with top level sports is that there is no hiding place. “I know United have come here in the last couple years and done well but we saw all of United’s shortcomings. “There’s ways to lose football matches. We’ve all lost football matches but the way United lost today - they stopped running, they gave up, players not running back - that’s what I don’t understand.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here