Tuppence Middleton has taken on the lead role in the ITV thriller Our House which comes to a dramatic conclusion on Thursday night. The 35-year-old actress was the latest guest to feature on Fearne Cotton's podcast Happy Place where she opened up on what attracted her to the four-part drama. However, the Bristolian actress ended up veering away from discussing her career and candidly detailed her experience of suffering from OCD as well as an extreme fear of vomiting.  Tuppence, whose film credits include Downton Abbey, The Imitation Game and Jupiter Ascending, exudes confidence on screen. However, when she sat down for a conversation with presenter Fearne Cotton on her popular wellbeing podcast, she admitted how she often gets overwhelmed around other people and needs time alone to recharge her batteries. Fearne, who also refers to herself as an introvert, soon realised she had a lot in common with the actress and asked her about anxieties. Willing to go into depth with Fearne, Tuppence revealed she had suffered from OCD since she was about 11 years old. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? Tuppence began: "I have OCD and that is one of the things which gets much worse when I am not working so you know I have what I would call my routines which can vary from mental counting to checking behaviours, like checking lights and checking cookers and checking taps. "All of those things tend to get much worse when I am in the house a lot and by myself a lot and not working. "Those things you find various coping mechanisms for which I think are sometimes helpful and sometimes not." As a coping mechanism, the actress explained she now takes photos around the house so she can refer back to the images if she ever believes she has left the tap on or a door open.  She later revealed she also has emetophobia which is an extreme fear of being sick or seeing others vomiting. Tuppence explained: "If I ever meet someone else with it, it's always quite exciting because you feel like a total oddball if you have that. "As with a lot of obsessions, you never really talk about them and if people do see them then they only see your compulsions and they don't understand why you're doing that." The actress admitted she never heard anyone talking about OCD when she was starting to show signs of it and her parents took her to various specialists for help. DON'T MISS...‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [LATEST]Is Our House star Tuppence Middleton related to Kate Middleton? [EXPLAINER]Our House viewers complain new ITV series is too ‘dark’ [REACTION] "It's one of those mental health conditions you sort of learn to live with," Tuppence added. She continued: "It does at times force me to really focus my energy and it can really be a driver. "You are always constantly planning for the worst-case scenario so when it happens you're able to deal with it quite calmly actually, which I have actually found to be quite true." The pair discussed Tuppence playing the lead role of Fi Lawson in Our House alongside Line Of Duty's Martin Compston, who portrays her estranged husband Bram Lawson.  She revealed the drama was filmed when lockdown restrictions were in place and admitted to Fearne she felt more comfortable when people had to wear face coverings and keep their distance from one another. She said: "Because I already had a fear around the sickness thing, specifically vomiting, not coronavirus, the moment it was announced people had to wear masks in closed-off areas, I felt this kind of relief." Tuppence added: "When COVID-19 came along and we were forced to be in our houses quite a lot, not only did it calm me slightly, it was also kind of an excuse to be more anti-social." Happy Place is available to listen to on Spotify or Apple Podcasts and Our House continues tonight on ITV.  