House prices have hit yet another new record high of £278,123, according to today's Halifax house price index. They rose 10.8 percent in the year to February and there is no sign of a slowdown despite the cost of living crisis and war in Ukraine.  In his Budget last March, Chancellor Rishi Sunak froze the inheritance tax nil-rate band at just £325,000 for five years. This means the average house price only needs to increase by £46,877 before it becomes eligible to pay IHT. That is an increase of just 16.85 percent. With annual house price growth now at double digits, the average UK home could burst through the £325,000 IHT nil-rate band within just 18 months, at some point in 2023. This would come as a huge blow to unsuspecting homeowners, said Becky O'Connor, head of pensions and savings at Interactive Investor. "Inheritance tax is charged at a punitive rate of 40 percent, so it takes a large chunk of your family wealth." Being hit by an IHT bill would come as a total shock to people who thought only the super wealthy would ever have to pay. In practice, the average homeowner is already likely to be liable to pay inheritance tax when they die. That’s because the value of all their assets are subject to the hated death tax, including savings and investments, plus jewellery, cars, shares and any life insurance payout. Once added to their home's value, it is easy to incur that brutal 40 percent charge. Only pension savings escape the attentions of HM Revenue & Customs on death. READ MORE: £50,000 inheritance tax shock as Sunak raid intensifies - home at risk  Incredibly, the inheritance tax nil-rate band has now been frozen at £325,000 since 2009, when the average house price stood at just £159,900, a fraction of today’s £278,123. The £325,000 nil-rate band will now remain frozen until the 2025/26 tax year at least. By then, homeowners whose property is worth LESS than the average property value will have to pay it as well, reaping even more revenues for the Treasury. Married couples and civil partners can double their allowance to £650,000, as they can inherit each other's IHT nil-rate bands. Homeowners passing on their main home to direct descendants such as children and grandchildren also benefit from the residence nil-rate band of £175,000, introduced in April 2017. However, Sunak also froze this last March, again, for five years, so its value will slowly shrink in real terms. Also, it doesn’t apply to other assets. DON'T MISS:State Pension triple lock doomed as axing it will save £10 billion [WARNING]Take care when writing your will – five mistakes to avoid or your f... [EXPERT]Urgent inheritance warning - you could lose lot unless you sign this [ANALYSIS]  The Treasury took £5 billion in IHT in the year to last Januray, up a staggering £700 million than the year before. HMRC's tax take is now set to accelerate as house prices continue to rise at breakneck speed due to housing shortages, said Liz Ritchie, partner at tax and advisory firm Mazars. “We can expect to see this soar further in the coming years as thousands more homeowners are dragged into paying tax on their estates.” An incredible 50,000 Britons will be subject to inheritance tax by 2026, the Office for Budget Responsibility has calculated. Sunak could even double down on his IHT freeze in his Spring 2022 forecast statement on March 23, warned Laura Tommis, trust manager at ZEDRA Group. “The Government may look to revise current IHT exemptions, with business property relief being a possible target.” Tommis urged families to take steps now to reduce their IHT exposure. “This includes controlled gifting both directly and via trusts as well as having a well drafted will in place. IHT planning is complex so seek advice.”