The Duchess of York posted on her Twitter and Instagram accounts about her visit across the pond. It comes days after the civil case against her husband Prince Andrew came to a close. During her US trip, Sarah teamed up with women's organisation Junior League Denver to deliver donations to Colorado-based non-profit WeeCycle, which recycles baby gear for families in need. The Duchess said on Twitter and Instagram: "I’m thrilled to visit @weecycle with @jldenver today to deliver donations to their baby gear drive! "WeeCycle’s mission is to recycle essential baby gear and match it to Colorado families in need — an initiative I am proud to support with #JLD." Sarah, wearing an elegant black dress and dark green blazer, smiled as she posed for pictures during the visit to WeeCycle. The Duchess's social media posts sparked praise from other Twitter and Instagram users. One person, Nicole Sullivan, commented on Twitter: "Thank you so much for your presence and support!" Another Twitter user, Nick Ziegler, wrote: "Thank you for coming!" An Instagram user, jerryjackson.jr, added: "This is wonderful! Thank you! Come visit us in NC. God bless you Ms. Sarah." Another, susanldd, said on Instagram: "Enjoy your time in the US!!!" READ MORE: Prince Harry will ‘regret’ missing Philip memorial amid ‘silly feud’  Sarah's trip to America comes after the civil sex assault case brought against the Duke of York in the US was officially dismissed on Tuesday after he paid a financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Ms Giuffre was suing Andrew for sexual abuse, claiming she was trafficked by his friend Jeffrey Epstein to have sex with the royal when she was 17, a minor under US law. Although the parties have settled the civil case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. DON'T MISSQueen 'facing dilemma' after cancelling Commonwealth service [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial service [INSIGHT]Do YOU think it's OK for royals to contribute to Andrew's payout? [POLL] The Queen took steps to distance the Royal Family from Andrew and protect the monarchy brand as the prospect of a trial loomed. She stripped him of his honorary military roles, with the Duke also giving up using his HRH style. Andrew has faced calls to confirm how he funded the substantial out-of-court settlement - which is reported to be as much as £12 million - and whether the Queen or Prince Charles contributed to the sum. The Duke was forced to step down from public duties in 2019 amid the scandal surrounding his association with the late billionaire paedophile Epstein.