Sophie, Countess of Wessex is in New York on a royal visit to represent the Queen and the Royal Family abroad. On Tuesday, March 15, the Countess delivered a keynote address about Upholding Women’s Rights in Afghanistan. The event was hosted by the Group of Friends of Women in Afghanistan and UN Women at the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security.  The royal delivered a powerful speech which many on social media praised. But what was her body language like? Judi James, a body language expert spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “Making a very important speech about an equally important cause at the UN in America, Sophie chooses to re-establish the art of letting the powerful words do the talking, rather than the performance. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex issues plea for the world to remember Afghan women  “As she speaks here she does so in a very straight way, with no drama or emphasis on emotions. “Plainly dressed, rather than promoting her status as a royal, she leans forward on the table, holding her speech and glancing round in a technique known as lighthouse eye scanning during small pauses to check her words are hitting home in the room. “Sophie’s delivery deflects from herself in a very modest way. “She enunciates brilliantly and she delivers with directness and confidence,” the expert claimed. "But there are no hand gestures, facial expressions or applause-prompting introductions or endings to suggest she is in any way the star of the show. “While royals like Prince Harry prefer ‘celebrity-based’ performance styles with personal add-ons and depicted emotions or guru-style references, Sophie acts like any other intelligent and assertive woman. “She throws her backing quietly but firmly onto an essential cause.” In Sophie’s speech she said: “The crisis in Afghanistan has not gone away and the effects are worsening daily.  “What can we do to help the women and girls in Afghanistan?” Royal fans took to social media to praise Sophie’s speech. Twitter user @brigantia_ said: “Sophie is amazing, inspiring!” Another fan, @bizarrolady wrote: “That was impressive, clearly a heartfelt speech.”  Royal fan @fairygem1 added: “Beautifully said… well done HRH Sophie, Countess of Wessex.” For the speech Sophie stunned in a new pair of Jimmy Choo brown croc ‘Love 85’ heel shoes. She also wore her Victoria Beckham bottle green suit which the Countess has worn before. Sophie paired this with a Chloe pale pink blouse and her Sophie Habsburg green ‘Alpha’ bag. 