The map shows Russian forces closing in on Ukraine from three sides, marking out the Russian controlled regions in red. Moscow has control of multiple Ukrainian cities, including Chernihiv, Donetsk, Luhansk and Kherson. However, according to the MoD's report, Kyiv remains out of the control of Russian forces. The MoD described Vladimir Putin's invasion, which began on February 24 2022, as "illegal". Sharing the map, it tweeted: "The illegal and unprovoked invasion of Ukraine is continuing. "The map below is the latest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 14 March 2022." So far, 1,300 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed in the conflict. According to the UN, there have been more than 1,500 civilian casualties, with 579 dead and 1,002 injured. Among those killed were 42 children, while 54 have been injured. The UN said: "Most of the civilian casualties recorded were caused by the use of explosive weapons with a wide impact area, including shelling from heavy artillery and multi-launch rocket systems, and missile and air strikes." But it has said that the actual number of casualties is likely to be "considerably higher, especially in Government-controlled territory and especially in recent days", acknowledging reports of "hundreds of civilian casualties" in Kharkiv, Mariupol and Donetsk. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as top ally admits war not going well According to the UN refugee agency, more than 2.5million people have fled the country. The US military has estimated that between 5,000 and 6,000 Russian soldiers have been killed. But Ukrainian armed forces say that the number is more than 12,000. In response to the invasion, Western governments have slapped sanctions on Moscow, including a joint decision by all G7 countries to remove Russian banks from the SWIFT payment system. DON'T MISS: Infighting in the Kremlin shows Putin 'losing touch with reality' [ANALYSIS] Brave Russian protesters defy Vladimir Putin's brutal crackdown [REPORT] Fox News presenter claims Biden is befriending Putin [REACTION] The UK government has also imposed sanctions on a number of Russian individuals, businesses and politicians who have been seen to be supporting Putin's regime. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the UK was targeting "those complicit in Putin's illegal invasion of Ukraine and those who support this barbaric war". She added: "We will not let up the pressure and will continue to tighten the screw on the Russian economy through sanctions." The UK has also pledged to phase out Russian oil imports by 2023 and explore ending gas imports. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson described the move as "another economic blow to the Putin regime". The European Commission has pledged to cut its use of Russian gas by two-thirds by the end of 2022, with the longer-term goal of ending its reliance on Russian energy entirely by 2030. The EU imports about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and 27 percent of its oil.