The UK collaborated with the United States to expose "the threat to global security posed by Russian hacking", Ms Truss said. The Foreign Office accused the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB), the successor to the KGB, of "malign cyber activity", claiming that it was "behind a historic global campaign targeting critical national infrastructure." The Government accused the FSB's Centre 16 of targeting a nuclear power plant in Kansas and a Saudi petro-chemicals plant, both in 2017. The attack on the petro-chemicals plant was "designed specifically to target the plant’s safety override", with the potential to cause "loss of life". The department has since placed sanctions on the organisation. Sharing an update on her Twitter account, Foreign Secretary Ms Truss said: "Today the UK has exposed, along with the US, the threat to global security posed by Russian hacking. "In response, we sanctioned a Russian research institute that attacked critical infrastructure.   "With our allies, we will continue to sanction Russia and starve Putin’s war machine." In a statement, she added: "Russia’s targeting of critical national infrastructure is calculated and dangerous. "It shows Putin is prepared to risk lives to sow division and confusion among allies. "We are sending a clear message to the Kremlin by sanctioning those who target people, businesses and infrastructure. We will not tolerate it." READ MORE: Truss tightens shackles on Putin's war machine - new retaliation The UK's Foreign Office said in a statement: "One month on since Putin’s unprovoked and illegal war in Ukraine started, the global scope of the FSB’s Centre 16 cyber campaign has been revealed. "The National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) assess it is almost certain that the FSB’s Centre 16 are also known by their hacker group pseudonyms of ‘Energetic Bear’, ‘Berserk Bear’ and ‘Crouching Yeti’, and conducted a malign programme of cyber activity, targeting critical IT systems and national infrastructure in Europe, the Americas and Asia. "They have today been indicted by the FBI for targeting the systems controlling the Wolf Creek nuclear power plant in Kansas, US in 2017 but failed to have any negative impact. "Separately, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has used the UK’s cyber sanctions regime to designate a Russian defence ministry subsidiary, the Central Scientific Research Institute of Chemistry and Mechanics (TsNIIKhM), for an incident involving safety override controls in a Saudi petro-chemicals plant in 2017." DON'T MISS: Putin humiliated as Biden prepares to use his OWN weapons against him [INSIGHT] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [REVEAL] Boris and Biden's master plan to cripple Putin with £1.1tn blow [ANALYSIS]  It added: "The malware used against the petro-chemical plant was designed specifically to target the plant’s safety override for the Industrial Control System and resulted in two emergency shutdowns of the plant. "The malware was designed to give the actors complete control of infected systems and had the capability to cause significant impact, possibly including the release of toxic gas or an explosion - either of which could have resulted in loss of life and physical damage to the facility." This comes less than a week after US President Joe Biden warned that cyber attacks were part of Putin's "playbook". Warning businesses to strengthen their cyber defences, Mr Biden said: "The magnitude of Russia's cyber capacity is fairly consequential and it's coming." He added that "one of the tools [Putin] is most likely to use, in my view - in our view - is cyber attacks.  "They have a very sophisticated cyber capability. "The point is that he has the capability. He hasn't used it yet, but it's part of his playbook." In February 2022, just two days before the Russian invasion of Ukraine, millions of companies across the UK were warned to prepare for Russian cyberattacks after the UK placed sanctions on three of Putin's close allies. GCHQ's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) told UK organisations to "bolster their online defences", warning of a "historical pattern of cyber attacks on Ukraine with international consequences".  