Shower cubicles are much quicker to clean than large porcelain bathtubs, but their compact design doesn’t always mean it’s an easier job. Glass screens can quickly become covered in water stains and limescale marks, leaving your entire shower looking worse for wear - even just a few days after a deep clean. Luckily there are a number of simple tricks which will leave your shower sparkling for longer, and you probably already have everything you need at home. Smaller shower cubicles will quickly become unpleasant to use if the drain becomes blocked. To prevent any severe blockages, you should always clear your drain after using the shower. Remove visible hair, razor caps and any other rogue items which might slip down the plughole. Regularly treating your drain with a cap full of bleach or one cup of baking soda will help to prevent unwanted odours and deeper blockages. READ MORE: Mattress cleaning: The easy ingredient for a 'real deep clean' This simple tool will work wonders on your shower and make those deep cleans even easier to do. After each shower, wipe down the screens and tiles within your shower cubicle to remove surface water. Doing this one task will prevent hard water stains from covering the shiny finish on the surfaces around your shower. The trick is to keep your shower as dry as possible in between uses, in order to prevent lingering water droplets from leaving unsightly marks. If your deep cleaning efforts aren’t standing the test of time, a simple spritz of an all-natural solution could do the trick. White vinegar, water, and some fragrant essential oils are all you need for this quick hack. Mix equal parts white vinegar and water into an empty spray bottle. Add a few drops of your essential oils and shake well. After each use, spritz the solution all over your shower cubicle and give your taps, shower head, and screen a quick wipe over with a soft cloth. Your entire shower will be left gleaming and smelling fresh as it dries off, ready for its next use. DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] Shower basins bear the brunt of dirt and grime in the shower and can be particularly prone to soap scum and hard water stains. Once your shower has dried off after use, sprinkle a generous amount of baking soda onto the basin of the cubicle. Squeeze the juice of half a lemon on top and leave the solution to sit undisturbed for at least one hour. Rinse the basin before heading into the shower to reveal a gleaming white floor. Mould and mildew are unfortunately very common around household waterworks, and compact shower cubicles are one of the worst culprits. The heat and humidity from a hot shower can fill your bathroom with moisture, leading to mould and mildew around grout and silicone surfaces. Placing a dehumidifier in the room will work wonders on reducing lingering moisture, and therefore reduce the amount of mould. With less stubborn spores to tackle in your deep clean, you will be able to blitz your shower cubicle in a matter of minutes.