The speaker of the House of Commons Sir Lindsay Hoyle has confirmed that Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky will speak in the chamber. Mr Zelensky has gained plaudits around the world for his leadership following a Russian invasion of his country nearly two weeks ago. The address will take place at 5pm on Tuesday and will be shown on screens being specially fitted in the House of Commons. To provide an English translation of Mr Zelensky’s statement, more than 500 headsets will be provided to MPs. Sir Lindsay said: "Every parliamentarian wants to hear directly from the President, who will be speaking to us live from Ukraine, so this is an important opportunity for the House. "Thanks again to our incredible staff for working at pace to make this historic address possible."  READ MORE: Farmers vow to snub Boris at next election in fury at Brexit stitch-up Ukraine’s 44-year-old President has spoken regularly with Prime Minister Boris Johnson since the war began. It’s extremely rare that world leaders are afforded the chance to speak directly in the Commons. Typically, they deliver addresses to both Houses of Parliament outside the chamber, such as in Westminster Hall.  Last week Mr Zelensky delivered a speech to the European Union (EU) parliament, where he declared Ukraine would repel the Russian invasion. When Mr Zelensky speaks to MPs, he’s likely to deliver a similar rallying cry which he has become well-known for during the past fortnight. The UK has so far issued a number of sanctions against Russia and its President Vladimir Putin. Included are asset freezes on all major Russian banks, limits to how much Russians can deposit in UK banks, and "stringent export controls" for technology sold to Moscow.  DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: ‘Exclude the EU!’ Furious Britons erupt [LIVE]Diane Abbott accused of dreadful statement about Putin [EXPLAINED]RAF fighter jets with deadly 'beast mode' ability land in UK [NEWS] A number of Russian oligarchs have been personally sanctioned by freezing their British assets and banning them from travel to the UK. The UK and its allies have also agreed to remove a select number of Moscow-based banks from the international banking system SWIFT. However, President Zelensky’s request for a “no fly-zone” over Ukraine has been rejected, while members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) have told Ukraine they will not commit troops to fight in the war. Mr Zelensky could use the speech as an opportunity to plead his case once more for the UK to go further with sanctions against the Kremlin.  On Monday, the Ukrainian President said everyone who commits atrocities against Ukraine's civilians will be punished. He said: "There will be no quiet place on Earth for you. Except for the grave.” Ukrainian officials said Russia is striking civilian targets around the country, including hospitals, nurseries, and schools. But Russia denies targeting civilians, claiming it is carrying out a "special military operation" against Ukrainian "nationalists" and "neo-Nazis". 