Brits have struggled to submit meter readings today ahead of energy price increases coming into affect tomorrow, April 1. Websites of leading providers are struggling to cope with the onslaught of customers, with phone lines also having issues. As of April 1, millions of households will see their energy bills increase to £1,971 as the energy price cap rises. So today, Brits have rushed to submit meter readings - but found themselves unable to access their provider's website. SSE, British Gas, E.ON and EDF are among the providers with website issues. Money expert Martin Lewis has been advising Brits to submit their meter readings today - dubbing it #MeterReadingDay. Read More: Households brace for ‘unprecedented energy shock’ tomorrow First of all, don't panic. Then, make sure you take a picture of your meter. This will help you prove your reading for today's date. If you have a smart meter you don't need to worry, there's no need to submit a reading. Your company may not need the reading to be submitted on the day it was taken, as some such as Octopus Energy accept readings up to five days after the prices increase. Companies may have different methods for submitting a reading, so make sure to research yours. This could be via an app, the website or over the phone. Your energy provider should have a page detailing how to contact them, which may have a live chat feature, phone number or email address. Octopus energy CEO Greg Jackson has confirmed that companies will backdate energy readings if customers cannot submit them today. Mr Jackson said the firm was getting 40,000 meter readings an hour. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's World At One programme he said: "I think with most companies, certainly with Octopus, you can give it any time in the next week and you know, we'll apply it to the day when you took it." Mr Jackson said he was "pretty sure that'll apply universally" and added: "Right now, just to put a number on it, we're getting about 40,000 meter readings an hour, and a normal day is a couple of thousand." He said while people should take the reading just before the price change, it did not have to be submitted straight away. Customers have taken to social media to complain about apps, website and phone lines crashing. Twitter user @sean_Qpr said: "How bad is the British gas app, won't submit a metre reading or let me talk to anyone". User @DavidCurrey9 said: "@ShellEnergyHome trying to leave a metre reading. Can't access the website. Can't access the app and Phone service not available either. What's going on? Trying to avoid people getting They're readings in?" On Wednesday, Martin Lewis posted to Twitter advising Brits to submit their meter readings before April 1. He wrote: "Pls share. Thurs 31 Mar is energy #MeterReadingDay So firms can't assign some of your current usage to April when rates are c54% higher - Not smart meter? "Send a reading (later in the day the better) - Smart or prepay meter? Just take a meter pic for safety (in case of dispute)". Most energy companies have said they are aware of the issues, and are working to resolve them. On the British Gas website a message said it was facing "some technical issues we're trying to resolve as quickly as possible". A spokesman for Shell Energy said: "Our website is experiencing disruption as we deal with a surge in the number of customers trying to access their account. "Our teams are working hard to keep it online and we thank customers for their patience." While a spokesman for EDF said they were aware of issues affecting the website and app when customers tried to submit readings. The spokesman said: "We are working hard to try and resolve this and would encourage customers to try again later and apologise for the inconvenience this is causing."