Actress Fay Ripley has teamed up with David Baddiel for their podcast, Baddiel and Ripley's Buy Leave It or Not. While Lorraine was intrigued by the show, ITV viewers couldn’t take their eyes off Fay’s bright green slip on shoes. As the interview came to an end, Lorraine addressed the bizarre item of clothing with Fay giving an unusual reason for wearing them. Lorraine remarked: “Now, look, today’s fashion day as you know. “Can we just talk about your shoes? Can we just talk about the shoes.” Lifting her foot into the air to show off her green platform shoes, Fay was thrilled to talk about the item. “I’ve got a theory now, at my age, draw the eye away from this to this,” she replied pointing to her face to her shoes. READ MORE: The Holiday plot hole: Channel 5 viewers spot huge fail “I go, at the extremes, hat, glittery shades and big shoes. It makes everyone go ‘hello’ and then look down.” Lorraine smiled: “They’re brilliant. Are they actually comfy? Can you walk?” “Yes they are so comfy and I will show you my matching toes,” Fay continued showing off her pedicure. Lorraine laughed: “Oh come on, the attention to detail!” Going on to showcase her shoes even more, Fay added: “It’s got a nice furry lining. I mean, I had a bit of a fall in them. “That wasn’t a good look, I’m going to say, on the bus. But I have to walk fairly steadily like a deep sea diver. ITV viewers rushed to Twitter to comment on Fay’s shoes with many not a fan of the colour or shape. @rubykelb posted: “Wow what are them shoes #fayripley #lorraine.” DON'T MISS...Delia Smith's epic quote which sums up world's problems  [VIDEO]Lorraine Kelly 'happier and healthier' after losing almost a stone [INSIGHT]Lorraine Kelly savages Matt Hancock 'Pound shop milk tray man' [REACTION] While @FinEarly added: “What the heck is Fay Ripley wearing on her feet? #Lorraine.” “@FayRipley please apologise for your silly shoes to the viewers of #Lorraine,” @Twoyorkie continued. @Autumnaling asked: “Has Fay Ripley got her feet stuck in two blocks of oasis? #Lorraine.” Another unimpressed viewer, @ZamoraMogg, tweeted: “I’m sorry but those shoes are horrible #Lorraine.”  Fay has been working with David to create an Audible podcast which sees them unbox and review a host of crazy products. These items have so far included vagina candles, English breakfast makers amongst others. So far eight episodes have been recorded and it will no doubt be hoped more instalments are on the way. Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV from 9am.