The party has managed to edge ahead of the Tories for three months and are still favourites in the polls to win the next election. Aggregators have found 38 percent of voters would choose Labour in an election today, compared with 35 percent in the Conservatives' court. That lead is degrading over time, but sources suggest party leaders have initiated a charm offensive to pack Labour coffers. Labour membership has plummeted since Sir Keir won his leadership bid in 2020, according to the party's National Executive Committee (NEC). Ann Black, one of the committee's longtime members, said membership has tumbled by "around 400,000". The figure would put member numbers far below Jeremy Corbyn's peak of 590,000. And estimates suggested it has cost the party approximately £8 million per year. READ MORE: Keir Starmer ‘rankled’ with Boris Johnson In July 2021, the NEC received a "bleak" financial briefing. Analysts found that the party ended 2020 with a deficit, the first of its kind since 2006. While it stands to leave the deficit behind this year, staffers still need new funding streams. In response, Labour has turned to donors, sources have told The Times. The publication reported earlier today that Sir Keir has turned to one of Tony Blair's most prominent backers. He has lined up Fran Perrin, the daughter of supermarket chain dynast Lord Sainsbury of Turville. Sources said he is engaged in “tentative discussions” with Ms Perrin about making a "substantial donation". Her father once donated eight-figure sums during Labour's Blairite streak, propping up the party with £10.6 million. But he cut ties when Mr Corbyn assumed the reins, and Ms Perrin assumed his patronage in 2021. She donated a lower sum of £250,000 last year, not quite enough to rescue the party from its deficit. Other donors are also in Sir Keir's sights, as Labour heads towards a post-May election funding drive. Most negotiations have taken place over coffee and Zoom, with no further names revealed other than Ms Perrin's. The leader will have a lot of negotiation ahead of him if he hopes to level the political playing field. The Conservatives are currently the best-funded party in the UK, despite its lower membership numbers. Donors more than make up for the comparatively small supporting pool of 100,000. According to the Electoral Commission, of the £11,206,757 donated to political parties in the final quarter of 2021, £4,958,350 went to the Tories. A Labour Party spokesman declined to comment on The Times' claims.