WARNING: This article contains full spoilers for The Batman. Since The Batman's release, a number of interviews with the film's director, Matt Reeves, has already illuminated a few of his sequel ideas. He recently noted how he has ideas to include Mr Freeze, the Court of Owls, and even the Joker. But from the first scene of The Batman Bruce Wayne's sidekick, Robin the Boy Wonder, was being teased to viewers. The film opens with Riddler looking through Don Mitchell's window in preparation to murder him. Instead, what he sees is a young boy pretending to fight with a katana while dressed up as a ninja, Don Mitchell's son. Later that night, Riddler murders Don Mitchell. And even later still, Batman arrives to do some detective work on the murder scene. It was here that Batman locked eyes with the young boy who just lost his father. "The kid found him," Jim Gordon told Bruce. He lingered on the hurt child's pain before leaving to do his work. This was an important moment for Bruce. What do you think? Would Robin fit into The Batman's universe? Join the debate in the comments section here Don Mitchell's son is never given an official name in the credit, and neither is his mother (she is simply credited as Mrs Mitchell). But Mitchell's son makes an appearance a few times more in the film. He is the child Bruce saves at the funeral when Riddler's car pummels into the church. Mitchell's son is also the first person Bruce saves at the end of the film when he goes into the water and pulls a girder off of a group of trapped people. These moments alone may have marked the beginning of Bruce's relationship with his first on-screen Robin. But there is also a very subtle clue in the character's name, as well, pointing towards Dick Grayson's Robin. READ MORE: The Batman ending has massive Bane clue for sequel DC Comics fans will recall Dick's family were a circus group of acrobats named The Flying Graysons. Dick's tragic backstory is that his parents and siblings were murdered, leaving him to be adopted by Bruce. Well, in the comic books (and subsequent movies), one of Dick's siblings is named Mitchell. While this is a slight connection, it could be part of a larger narrative being woven for Dick's future in The Batman's universe. In The Batman, Don Mitchell's murder was no doubt tragic for his (as of yet nameless) son and wife, but his reputation was also destroyed. After the murder Riddler posted photos of the politician with drug dealers, gang members, and young women. DON'T MISS...The Batman ending has massive Bane clue for sequel [BANE ARRIVAL]The Batman villains: Is The Joker in The Batman movie? [INFO]The Batman review: The world's greatest Batman [REVIEW] Because of this, Mitchell's son and wife may have changed their names to avoid being associated with Don Mitchell. And considering Mrs Mitchell's name is unknown at the moment, her maiden name could be Grayson. If, in The Batman's sequel, Mrs Mitchell (Miss Grayson) is murdered, Robert Pattinson's Bruce might feel some obligation to help out the new orphan, Mitchell's son. And, because Mitchell's son has not been named just yet, his real name could be revealed to be Richard (Dick's full name). Dick Grayson would fit right into Matt Reeve's version of The Batman, as he is the hardest of the four Robins canonically. Eventually, after being Robin for many years, he defected from Batman to become a brand new hero: Nightwing. Also, Nightwing resides in Bludhaven after leaving Gotham City for a period. And there is a large clue pointing towards Bludhaven at the end of the film, as well. The Batman is in cinemas now.