NS&I previously suggested a single financial firm to advise, protect and support their £1million jackpot winners. However, from next month winners can take their pick from over 8,000 certified or chartered financial planners.   Many people often dream of receiving a windfall to the tune of £1million. However, few actually put thought into the potential downsides of finding themselves with large sums of money overnight. It is usually expected that a sum of £1million would change one’s life permanently for the better and while it does have this potential it can often cause a lot of harm if the winner is making uninformed or impulsive decisions. This is why Agent Million has provided support and protection for their customers, especially potentially vulnerable winners, as the riches could be problematic. READ MORE: ‘It’s a joke!’ State pensioners demand reversal of triple lock freeze and £400 per week     As Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown explained: “Most of us already know how we’d like to spend a £1million Premium Bond win. In reality, however, while it’s an incredibly nice problem to have, if we actually won the money, it would prove far more difficult to work out the best way to use it.” Martin Lewis currently estimates that the chances of a £1 bond winning the £1million jackpot currently sit at one in 57,837,067,198. Ms Coles suggested it is still worth Britons’ considering what they would do with a £1million windfall. Hargreaves Lansdown added some potentially life-changing tips for those who find themselves an overnight millionaire. Firstly, changing one’s life for the better starts with them deciding for themselves what that would look like, realistically.  Prioritising may seem unnecessary with such a large amount, but inflation can gnaw away at it, as £1million today already has less than half of the buying power it had in 1994. With this in mind it is important to actually list one’s aspirations such as retiring early, owning a home or helping out friends and family. Looking at this in detail may make one realise that even a £1million windfall would not cover the costs, in which case they are encouraged to prioritise what is most important to them. At the same time, it’s vital to truly contemplate whether these items would help their dreams be achieved.  Hargreaves Lansdown said: “Don’t rush into anything. Your dreams may change when they actually become a possibility.” Debt should also be one of the first things one considers when they find themselves with money, as Hargreaves Lansdown shared: “This will make you better off for every month for the rest of your life.” Once debts have been paid and luxury items or life aspirations achieved, many may leave the remaining amount in their bank, which Britons are cautioned against. Research found that 43 percent of people who have received a significant inheritance put it into a savings account and while it sounds sensible this tactic will erode their purchasing power by the time they actually choose to use it.  Emergency savings are often put in an easy access account and fixed accounts taken advantage of wherever else possible, but Hargreaves Lansdown also highlighted the option of investments. They shared: “You need to at least consider stock market-based investments. Our research shows that 16 percent of people have done this with their inheritance.” Some may find themselves with plenty of money but no idea of what to do with it in the first place, in which case it is not shameful to get assistance. Financial advice can sometimes be pricey but may be worth it as it can help Britons capitalise on their money in ways they didn’t know about.