George Eustice warned the price of chicken in the UK will spike as a result of Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine, as Russia’s invasion puts pressure on supply chains around the world. Speaking at the Food and Drink Federation's annual conference on Tuesday, Mr Eustice said the price of wheat, which the poultry sector uses for its chicken feed, had already doubled as a result of Russia's invasion. Ukraine is a major exporter of wheat worldwide, and also supplies the UK. While the UK is largely self-sufficient, producing 80 percent of its own, the impact of global prices will directly impact consumers at home. Mr Eustice also warned that although the soaring price of wheat is unlikely to lead to shortages of chickens on supermarkets shelves, it will inevitably force producers to raise their prices as they are paying more for their feed. In his speech at the conference, the Environment Secretary said: “It shouldn't lead to a drop in supply but it's likely that there's going to be a cost pressure there that's going to feed through the system. "Speaking roughly, there are three or four very large poultry producers in this country. "They have a situation where feed costs account for around half of their input costs, and they're seeing a cost pressure of around 20-30 percent. “At some point, that's got to feed through the system". READ MORE: Sunak to stay tight-fisted despite £50bn to ‘play with' in Budget Mr Eustice also warned the price of food and drink could rise by as much as 8 percent amid Putin's invasion of Ukraine, soaring energy prices, and supply chain disruption, all pushing inflation to record levels. In January, The Consumer Price Index (CPI) measure of inflation hit 5.5 percent, its highest rate since 1992. The Bank of England also expects inflation to reach around 8 percent in spring and possibly "even higher" later in the year, before falling again in 2023 and 2024. The Environment Secretary continued: "The Institute of Grocery Distribution has done some modelling work based on input from its members and they estimated it could be 6 percent over the summer, but there are others who feel that's on the optimistic side and that it could be even higher.” Earlier in March, the Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) consultancy said the Russian invasion of Ukraine will cut UK living standards by £2,500 per household. Based on the assumption sanctions would have a marked impact on global commodity prices and inflation, the CEBR said growth this year would be halved, down from a previously forecast 4.2 percent in 2022 to 1.9 percent. Its growth estimate for 2023 has also been reduced from 2.0 percent to 0.0 percent, while after peaking at 8.7 percent in the spring, inflation is expected to remain above 7 percent until early 2023. The CEBR added: “As a result of higher commodity prices, we estimate that disposable incomes will fall in 2022 by 4.8 percent with a further fall of 1.4 percent in 2023. “The forecast fall in living standards this year is an estimated £71bn – which amounts to £2,553 per household. “As a result, we estimate that disposable incomes will fall in 2022 by 4.8 percent with a further fall of 1.4 percent in 2023. “The fall in 2022 is the largest since records started in 1955.” It comes ahead of Rishi Sunak’s spring statement, where he is expected to promise “security for working families”. The Chancellor is widely expected to use his update on the economy to announce a cut in fuel duty of at least 5p a litre. He also hinted on Tuesday that he might come up with a more extensive package of support, saying he would “stand by” hard-working families. Ryan Shorthouse, chief executive of the Conservative thinktank Bright Blue, said: “The fairest way to support the broadest range of struggling households is to increase broad subsidies such as universal credit or cut broad taxes, such as national insurance, income tax or VAT.”