In December, Ms Barnett, from Kent, received a fine over a claim that she had failed to pay the Tyne Tunnel’s £1.90 charge. Ms Barnett, 62, insisted that she had “never been north of the Thames” and had therefore clearly not used the tunnel situated 300 miles away from her home.  Upon receiving the Unpaid Toll Charge Notice, Ms Barnett had to conduct an online search to locate the tunnel she supposedly used. She wrote to TT2 to explain that the charge notice was mistaken and later received a note of apology from the company. This did not resolve the issue as in January, Ms Barnett received a final payment notice and after sending another letter to no reply, she received a letter from debt collectors. The enforcement letter declared that she owed a sum of £176.90.  Mrs Barnett criticised TT2 stating that they “make is easy to pay, but not easy to contact them”. Speaking on the ordeal she added: “It has all been quite distressing”. The Local Democracy Reporting Service contacted TT2 after hearing of the case and the company replied saying that they found two unpaid charge notices connected to Ms Barnett’s vehicle. One notice was cancelled while the other was escalated to enforcement levels with the involvement of bailiffs. READ MORE:Russia growing 'very vulnerable' as 'easy target' troops losing Mosco TT2 said that they would cancel Ms Barnett’s fine. Many problems relating to the Tyne Tunnel have arisen since the tunnel went cashless in November leaving drivers to have to pay online in advance or before midnight the day after they used the tunnel. A petition was launched by Gary Spedding which received thousands of signatures in just 48 hours after thousands claimed that they were wrongly fined. Mr Spedding was urged to start a petition after fines “skyrocketed” since the new system was launched on the tunnel. DON'T MISS:Putin outsmarted as UK can avoid energy crisis with four gas reserves (REVEAL)Simple ways Britons can save on household bills including 65p trick (INSIGHT)Canary Islands record 103 earthquakes in six days (BREAKING)  He added that the severity of the fines unfairly impacts working class people who rely on use of the tunnel every day. A spokesperson for TT2 said: Changing a tolling-system that has been in operation for decades, will naturally take customers some time to get used to – particularly if they are learning a new way to pay. “While we recognise there was some inevitable confusion at the outset, we are working with customers to help them through this transition.” While these teething issues noted in the petition and the response from TT2 are being addressed, the issuing of incorrect fines to drivers who have not used the tunnel at all remains a concern. 