Lorraine Kelly, 62, invited Sir Ranulph Fiennes, 78, to her podcast, What If?, for a candid conversation about a wide range of topics. The pair were joined during the chat by Rosie Smith, Lorraine’s daughter and podcast co-host. During the interview Lorraine tentatively asked Sir Ranulph about the time he got into trouble when he was young over a piglet. Sir Ranulph, who immediately remembered the story Lorraine was referring to, said: “We didn’t steal a piglet from the farmer - we just borrowed it at night. “And the tank grease which we greased it with […] can be washed off and is not harmful, I have to say that. “Because we hadn’t got to Sandhurst college and we went to Mons - which is sort of a secondary place -  we thought then they had their annual ball, with the women wearing long dresses and the men in black tie… we thought we’d get there at night to this Sandhurst college and put the piglet through the window when they’re all dancing from the shops outside.” As Lorraine giggled, Sir Ranouph continued: “The screaming that went on, getting grease all over the bottom of your dress as this piglet’s squealing around. “Anyway, somebody inside must've caught the piglet and thrown it back through the window.” Lorraine let out a very audible gasp of surprise while Sir Ranulph continued with his anecdote. He went on: “So we caught it again.” Amid laughs, Lorraine expressed her relief as she exclaimed: “Alright.” Sir Ranulph then pointed out that when his mother found out about his antics he got reprimanded for “stealing”. Scared that he would get what he did back, Sir Ranulph and his friend put the piglet back with its mum. Sir Ranulph holds numerous world records for his endurance as an adventurer. DON'T MISS...'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles [INSIGHT]Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini [LATEST]Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo [COMMENT] The Guinness Book of World Records recognised his achievements by naming him the "world's greatest living explorer". The adventurer became the oldest Briton to complete the punishing Marathon des Sables with just 13 minutes to spare. Prior to that, Sir Ranulph had suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003. But that did not stop him from crossing the finish line of the gruelling six-day 256km race. Speaking after completing the race, Sir Ranulph said: "I got told by the surgeon when I had my last heart attack that I must not go over 130 heart beats a minute or undergo stress or extreme circumstances. "When I get back to the UK I'm going straight to my surgeon to see what's gone wrong.” He continued: “I’ve not been in hot stuff on foot before and it's very, very difficult. "The main thing is this race is not set for old geriatrics like me. When you see the camels coming up behind you, you're in danger of being cut off for being too slow.”