The Good Morning Britain presenter criticised the Minister for European Neighbourhood on Monday's ITV show as he compared figures of Britain's intake of refugees with that of other countries. As Cleverly insisted more would be done, Madeley repeatedly demanded to know when refugees would be able to get easy access to visas to come to Britain as he deemed the response "a British cock-up." Co-host Susanna Reid also asked the MP to explain why "broken" refugees were being refused entry to Britain at Calais. Good Morning Britain's Reid asked: "How come only one percent of applications have so far been granted?" "Well, this [is an] unprecedented flow of refugees from Ukraine [and] the system that we have set up is new," Cleverly replied. "And we are looking to process people through that quickly, and the numbers will of course, grow - and they will grow significantly as we do that." He added: "But in addition to the two routes that we have put in place for Ukrainians to come to the UK, we're also providing humanitarian and economic support to the countries bordering Ukraine who are, of course, at the moment bearing the biggest burden of supporting refugees from Ukraine." READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? Reid added: "Okay, we will talk about that and I'm sure that's extremely welcome. "There is a concern and we are facing criticism from our French counterparts, the interior minister, Gérald Darmanin said it is inhumane of the UK to turn away refugees arriving at Calais if they don't have a valid visa. "People are making this desperate journey, then they get as far as Calais and are being told oh you have to go to Paris or Brussels to apply for a visa. "That sounds inhumane to any regular person. If I am fleeing with my children for my life, and the majority of these people will be women and children, not men because we know that they're being told to stay behind to defend their country. "If I arrived at Calais this morning, but I didn't have a visa would there be a place at Calais to process my visa? Bearing in mind at that point I would be utterly broken." Cleverly responded: "We have this process by which people can come to the UK, we have these schemes in place. "We want to make sure, of course, that that scheme works." Madeley later cut in: "Well look this is a cock-up, isn't it?" "A straight simple cock-up. Other countries around the world, let alone in Europe, are accepting Ukrainian refugees without question. DON'T MISS... Cleverly slammed as he snaps at Dan Walker over Ukraine refugee probe [VIDEO]The Ipcress File’s Joe Cole opens up on ‘tricky’ Harry Palmer trait [LATEST]EastEnders' Mitch Baker arrested after Gray exposed? [SPOILERS] "Look at Poland taking multiple thousands of refugees without question and they welcome them with open arms and are accommodating them. "And as Susanna has repeatedly put to you, in Calais, these same refugees are being told they have to go somewhere else to get their visa. "That's a full-on British cock-up, and when are you going to fix it? "You keep saying you're going to get it done but when, by this afternoon?" Cleverly argued: "Well the reason there are so many in Poland of course is because Poland's a -" "No," Madeley cut in. "Just answer that question when is it going to be sorted?" "Well we can't do it with no questions asked because when people come to the UK we need to make sure they have somewhere to stay," the MP answered. "That they have food, if there are unaccompanied children, that there is safeguarding put in place." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.