Earlier this year, A Place in the Sun’s newest presenter Craig Rowe made his debut on the Channel 4 property programme. Along with his co-stars Laura Hamilton and Ben Hillman, Craig’s job is to help find the house hunters their dream properties abroad. However, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the presenter explained how he has dealt with some difficult and "nail-biting" house searches. “They have all been [emotional],” the property expert began as he discussed what filming has been like so far. “[House hunters] Alison and Gabriel they were newlyweds so that was kind of their big adventure for them to have somewhere in Spain. “Diane and John, they had a lovely kiss and hug, and they were just delighted [when they found a property]. “I think the most emotional has been Sylvia who I looked for a house for in France. “She was actually looking for a whole relocation to start a brand-new life in France.” READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? Craig continued: “We found this house that she just absolutely fell in love with, and it was a real wrangle to get it. “There were a lot of negotiations with the agent, furniture and no furniture, certain things can be included, and certain things can’t. “It was quite a long drawn-out negotiation, really nail-biting. “But she got it in the end and we were all… both myself, her and her friend Angie, we all had tears forming in our eyes.” During one of Craig’s first-ever episodes, he remembered one house search where he thought he’d struck gold with couple Diane and John, but he was quickly proved wrong. He recalled he’d found the house hunters an area they really liked and that was close to amenities, but when they stepped foot inside one apartment, they instantly hated it. "There was something about this flat, and when we walked in, Diane hated it from the word go,” Craig explained. "And actually, I said to them, 'look, can you keep an open mind and at least take a look around? Maybe when you see it more, it will change your mind'." DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [NEWS]Death in Paradise’s Neville Parker sparks unlikely romance? [SPOILERS] The expert went on to add: "So they did keep an open mind, but I remember at one point John, her husband said, 'look, I think this could be an option, do you?' "And she was like, 'no!' She was having none of it at all. "Whenever I can sense now that house hunters don't like something, I’ll always say, 'look, do you want to draw a line under this one?'" Craig added: "And sometimes you a sense of relief on their face when they think, 'yeah, do you mind if we don't see the rest of it? It's just not for us'." The property expert explained that he once had a disagreement with show producers when looking at properties for one couple. He detailed the difficulty show bosses faced when trying to find the house hunter's dream holiday home in Spain. One duo told him from the beginning they wanted a home they could move straight into as they didn’t want to carry out any renovation work. However, in a strange turn of events, Craig went against the producer’s advice and showed the house hunters a run-down holiday home which they ended up falling in love with and buying. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.