More than half of women (52 percent) expect to worry about their finances in retirement compared to 47 percent of men. One in 10 (10 percent) report not being able to afford their household bills. And nearly a third (29 percent do not feel financially comfortable, according to HSBC UK report. Meanwhile retired men in the UK have 70 percent more to live on than women, according to official figures analysed by the campaign group Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI). When both private and public pensions are added together women have just £26 per day of pension income while retired men are living on £44 per day. Men aged between 65 and 74 have £182,700 in private pension savings while women of the same age have just £25,000 saved up, according to data from the Office for National Statistics. Using insurance giant Aviva’s annuity calculator £25,000 delivers a pension of £77.50 per month or £2.50 per day for women. Using the same calculator, the £182,700 that men have saved up gives them a pension of £612.19 per month, equivalent to £20.20 per day. Meanwhile men get £170.50 a week of State Pension while women get £164.74 per week on average, Department of Work and Pensions statistics show. The difference in private pension is acute because many women, already disadvantaged by balancing work with caring responsibilities, were not given sufficient time to make further savings when the pension age for women rose from 60 to 66, according to WASPI. WASPI chair and finance director Angela Madden said: "These new figures show why women were so devastated by the DWP’s maladministration. “The lion's share of that paltry £26 per day comes from State Pension. If women had known they were going to retire up to six years later than they thought, they would have been able to plan better." The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman has been looking into whether changes to the State Pension age were amply communicated when announced in 1995. Last July the Ombudsman said it found ‘failings’ in the way the DWP communicated changes to the women’s State Pension age. WASPI are now campaigning for a one-off compensation payment from the government for the failure to communicate the changes which has left many women unprepared for retirement. Emma Chee, of HSBC UK, said: “Nearly half of retired women we surveyed reported that the pandemic had negatively affected their retirement savings, and a third are relying on their partner’s pension.” The research also found nearly one in five people who are now retired had to cut the amount they had saved for their old age due to the coronavirus pandemic. Some did so to support family members. HSBC UK surveyed more than 1,000 people already retired and 2,600 workers in January.