Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse, 40, took to Twitter yesterday to express her anger at the way those affected by the conflict in Ukraine have been described. She urged her followers to “stop saying Ukraine people are inspiring!!!!!” and suggested that the situation is much more sad than it is ‘inspiring’. She added: “It’s not inspiring seeing woman and children suffer!!! (sic) “It’s sad.” The Strictly star also shared a quote from the Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, which read: “Do prove that you are with us, do prove that you will not let us go, do prove that you indeed are Europeans. “And then life will win over death and light will win over darkness…” READ MORE: Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards In response to her Twitter outburst, @Emijo71replied: “But the spirit of facing the enemy and not shying from resistance is admirable. “I’m inspired by the soldiers and the plucky rescue services across Europe.” Motsi has continued to reveal her thoughts about the Russian invasion of Ukraine on social media. In view of her 72,000 followers, the professional dancer has been sharing tweets, reacting to the situation in Ukraine.  Yesterday, Motsi admitted she feared that the conflict was “escalating”. Motsi explained: “Remember after the first lockdown how we all thought we will never see a lockdown again and then boom a second lockdown longer than the first one. “This is what the situation feels like! “It seems like the situation is escalating... DON’T MISS:Britney Spears stuns fans as she bares all in jaw-dropping nude pics [PICTURES]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [LATEST]Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] “Just doesn’t feel good!!!!” Motsi is married to Ukrainian dancer Evgenij Voznyuk, whose parents remain in the country and have been unable to leave. Motsi and Evgenij have a three-year-old daughter together. On her Instagram story, Motsi shared: “This situation also makes me realise how I could never, ever be friends with some people, friendly, polite, yes but never friends because we care about different things which is fine but also a reminder for me” (sic). Motsi also posted an Instagram video clip yesterday urging people to donate to a collection point that had been set up. In the video, she said, in German: “As you all know, we are also personally affected by the current situation in Ukraine. “For this reason we have decided to do everything in our power to help as well… “We have decided to organise a collection point for a targeted donation.”