Bridgerton is based on the series of bestselling novels by Julia Quinn, which follows the romantic and often scandalous lives of the titular family in Regency-era London. The second season of Netflix’s hugely popular screen adaptation has just been released, this time focusing on Viscount Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey) and newcomer Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). But will Anthony’s sister, Eloise (Claudia Jessie) ever find love? Who does Eloise Bridgerton marry? Warning: this article contains potential spoilers for Bridgerton. Bridgerton fans have been wondering if Eloise will eventually get married in the TV adaptation of Julia’s novels. The series comprises nine novels and ended in 2013 with The Bridgertons: Happily Ever After. In both the books and the series, Eloise is the fifth eldest Bridgerton sister and the second daughter of Viscountess Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell). As the most sharp-witted and cynical Bridgerton sibling, Eloise is reluctant to join the marriage market the 19th Century drama centres around. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Rather than taking part in balls and social occasions, she preferred to focus her attention on her studies and unmasking London’s notorious gossip columnist, Lady Whistledown. However, Eloise does eventually find love when her best friend Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) marries. Having previously thought she would be able to continue her spinsterhood and grow old with Penelope, Eloise is suddenly stricken by the thought of ending up alone. At the end of the second outing of the Netflix adaptation, Eloise discovers Penelope has been hiding her alter-ego of Lady Whistledown from her, so their friendship may need to heal before the TV series gets to this point. And in the fifth book in Julia’s Bridgerton saga, To Sir Phillip, With Love, Eloise learns of a distant cousin’s death and gains a pen pal in Sir Phillip Crane when she writes a note of condolence. Having settled into her life as a spinster at the age of 28, Eloise is surprised to find herself invited to Phillip’s estate after corresponding for some time to discuss whether they would be suitable for marriage. She discovers he is a lonely widower and father of two children, whom she almost immediately takes to. Unfortunately, the same can’t be said for Phillip, who is grumpy, isolated and hasn’t had sex in eight years, instead preferring the company of his plants. DON'T MISS:Oscar Isaac: Moon Knight star explains bizarre accent [INTERVIEW]Umbrella Academy season 3: Elliot Page’s character comes out as trans [LATEST]Victoria Pedretti lands first role after YOU exit [NEWS] Somewhat inspired by Jane Eyre’s Mr Rochester, instead of taking his pain out on Eloise, he internalises his depression as he struggles to get over the loss of his wife. Trouble strikes when Eloise’s brothers come looking for her and find she has been spending time with a mysterious gentleman unchaperoned. Although she lashes out at Phillip for putting her in this difficult situation, they eventually realise they have genuine affection for one another. Rather than entering into a marriage of convenience, they declare their feelings and begin a long and happy life together. Eloise’s future in Netflix’s version of the story may not be certain, though, as Bridgerton’s TV adaptation has already made some drastic departures from the events of the novels. During the second season, she began a secret friendship with Whistledown’s print assistant Theo Sharpe (Calam Lynch), which fans may have believed could eventually blossom into romance. Sadly, Eloise had to cut their friendship off when Penelope falsely tells her servants have been spreading rumours to throw her off Whistledown’s scent. With Theo now out of the picture, has the stage been set for Sir Phillip to be introduced in season three? Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.