The UK’s Ministry of Defence (MoD) announced this morning that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has “largely stalled on all fronts”. Latest intelligence suggests the Ukrainian resistance “remains staunch and well coordinated”, with Russian troops continuing to suffer “heavy losses”. The MoD added all major cities remain in Ukrainian hands and Putin’s forces have made “minimal progress on land, sea or air in recent days”. A defiant Putin told Russian ministers yesterday that his so-called “military operation” is “going to plan”. Yet, according to security expert Jonathan Jackson, Putin’s invasion could not be going much worse. Mr Jackson, a senior teaching fellow in policing and security at Birmingham City University, told Express.co.uk that Putin is failing both on the ground and politically. He said: “The failures on the ground are the result of reasons which have been repeated time and again by military forces. “The three continuing themes for failure in battle are resistance, capability, and terrain. “In the case of Ukraine, all three are working against the Russian advance. READ MORE: Putin hints at imminent climbdown as Russia sets out key demand “Resistance is much greater than Putin expected, and rather than falling into line and offering bread and salt, Ukrainians have fought bravely against the forces of tyranny using conventional and unconventional tactics.” He added the weaponry and training provided by NATO has been “invaluable” in slowing the Russian advance. Mr Jackson continued: “This has been coupled with clear failures of Russian military equipment, communications, and control at all levels of the invasion, with ground commanders seemingly unable to carry out effective battlefield management. “Quantity can always be a quality in a conflict but what is clear is that the Russians have a lack of professional troops and a large quantity of poorly trained service personnel, not prepared for battle.” US intelligence estimates a staggering 7,000 Russian troops have died in just three weeks of fighting, with a further 14,000 to 21,000 thought to be injured. The high rate of casualties will likely have affected the morale of those on the ground, according to Evelyn Farkas, the top Pentagon official for Russia and Ukraine during the Obama administration. Speaking to the New York Times, she said: “Losses like this affect morale and unit cohesion, especially since these soldiers don’t understand why they’re fighting. “Your overall situational awareness decreases. Someone’s got to drive, someone’s got to shoot.” Mr Jackson accused Putin of “playing poker rather than chess”, in that he has “bluffed opponents as to the capabilities of his armed forces”. He explained: “What we are now seeing is the failure of recent Russian military planners and reformers to prepare their forces for victory and the success that a galvanised and determined resistance can achieve.” DON'T MISS:Germany torn apart by Zelensky as Russian ties scupper West's response [LATEST]‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [EXPERT]Even plan B is failing! Putin makes catastrophic error [REPORT] An estimated 40 percent of Russian troops on the ground in Ukraine are conscripts, so their training will not be at the same level as their regular counterparts. Likewise, they are paid poorly, which will hardly do much to boost their will to fight. Mr Jackson said: “On average, Russian professional soldiers are paid $300 (£228) a month, whereas their equivalents in the Ukrainian army are earning ten times that figure. “The division between pay, working conditions and morale is certainly going to play a big role in determining the outcome of this conflict.” Not only are the Russian troops hurting on the ground, the effects of Western sanctions are being felt in Moscow too. In a televised government meeting on Wednesday, Putin said an “economic blitzkrieg” of Western sanctions had “failed”, but warned rising unemployment and inflation was just around the corner. Dr David Blagden, a senior lecturer in International Security at the University of Exeter, told Express.co.uk: “Russia is bearing huge costs at home, and those costs will only grow the longer the war goes on. “Its ability to rearm and its ability to sustain the war is being hurt by sanctions. “A lot of Russia’s best and brightest are fleeing overseas.” He added: “The Russian economy is not as sanction-proof as the Kremlin had seemingly assumed.” For Putin to declare any form of victory in Ukraine, Mr Jackson said his forces would need to gain control of Kyiv. He explained: “Taking the capital would act as both a physical and symbolic victory for his regime. While the capital remains in Ukrainian hands, it is an emblem of resistance and defiance against his invasion.” Ukraine’s youngest ever MP, and a former adviser to President Volodymyr Zelensky, has warned Kyiv could become Putin’s Stalingrad. The bloodiest battle of World War 2 proved a major turning point, with Germany losing a quarter of its guns, tanks and munitions. Sviatoslav Yurah told the Mail on Sunday: “It’s a massive town of millions and if the Russians try to come in they will have quite a fight on their hands — this will be their Stalingrad if they want to make it so. “Nobody is going to surrender — I can definitely guarantee you that.”