Charlie Stayt spoke to security minister Damian Hinds on Thursday’s BBC Breakfast as the host quizzed the Tory MP on the number of Russian oligarchs being sanctioned by the UK government. However, Stayt furiously hit out at the minister when he appeared to confirm only eight oligarchs had been subjected to new measures since Russia invaded Ukraine. Stayt began: “Correct me if I’m wrong but as we stand this morning only eight Russian oligarchs have been subject to any form of sanctions or officially been put on a list. Is that true, is it only eight?” “Well not that’s not true,” Hinds replied. “What sometimes gets overlooked is a lot of people were already sanctioned as a result of the 2014 [crisis].” “What is the number?” Stayt asked and the MP replied: “That number is 270 if you add up all the people already who are sanctioned from 2014, the people who have been through our global anti-corruption sanctions and our global human right sanctions.” Interrupting, the host said: “Sorry, my question was a little bit confusing. Read more: ‘Feel the fear!’ Louise Minchin admits terror as a parent “I”m trying to work out how many it is since you announced the new measures how many individuals have been subjected to new sanctions?” Hinds replied: “What you’re saying is in the right area but there are going to be more.” “Eight people,” a bemused Stayt clarified and Hinds added: “Hang on. “There are also banks, institutions, there are organisations, firms and please don’t overlook what I just said about the number of people who are already sanctioned. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? “This is already a big effort we’ve got new legislation coming in parliament right now we’ll be doing the parliamentary stages on Monday on thing like bolstering unexplained wealth orders, a register of property ownership so we can really understand who is using high-end UK property for money laundering, we’ve got new measures coming in against people who are breaking sanctions. “This is a comprehensive programme and we working closely together with other countries in Europe and the United States to make sure this is a global effort.” Stayt said: “If I may there might be people who are slightly dismayed by that number. “We’re going to go with the eight because you’ve not suggested to me that’s wrong. DON'T MISSDan Walker forced to apologise as BBC guest drops F-bomb [VIDEO]Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [INTERVIEW]Dan Walker leaves Raab squirming with Ukrainian refugee probe [INSIGHT] “What is the problem because the impression we were given when it was first announced was we were going to go big after individuals and people. “You tell me the suggestion you’re scared of oligarchs’ lawyers. “You’re scared to take action and that’s why there’s a list of a further 120 or so that you want to do something about but you’re being cautious because you’re worried about the legal implications. Is that true?” “No,” Hinds hit back. “And you shouldn’t overlook what I said about people who were already sanctioned. BBC Breakfast viewers were left furious by the interview as Philip Bell wrote: “Tory minister admits on BBC Breakfast that only 8 Russian oligarchs are subject to sanctions since Johnson’s announcement at the start of the war. Shame on Johnson.” (sic) “BBCBreakfast well done Charlie - pushing the minister about Oligarchs and the govt’s obvious reluctance to freeze their assets,” Neil Matthews shared. Jeanette Bocking remarked: “@BBCBreakfast Well done Charlie pushing Damian Hinds this morning. Trying to bend the numbers like the PM to make sanctions appear tougher than they are. Only 8 oligarchs sanctioned. Just not good enough @BorisJohnson.” (sic) Mark Farnan tweeted: “@BBCBreakfast why can’t this minister explain why 8 oligarchs have been sanctioned.” (sic) BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.