When Nightmare Alley hit cinemas earlier this year, the film was met with immediate critical praise. Sadly, it underperformed at the box office but has since found new life on streaming services in the USA. On February 1, Guillermo del Toro's new film became available to watch on HBO Max and Hulu in the States and now UK viewers have their chance to catch it themselves.  Nightmare Alley has just dropped on Disney Plus in the UK. Both HBO Max and Hulu are not available in the country and as the latter is owned by Disney, it has come to the House of Mouse’s platform here. For subscribers, Disney Plus costs £7.99 per month or £79.90 annually. The streaming service also offers a seven-day free trial to new users of the service. It was just confirmed that the platform will start offering an ad-enabled version for a cheaper price in the USA. The option will reportedly become available overseas in 2023, though it isn’t clear what the cost will drop to or how exactly the adverts will be integrated.    READ MORE: Wordle 269 March 15 hints: Three clues to help fans find the answer  The film brings together a star-studded cast including Bradley Cooper as Stanton Carlisle, Cate Blanchett as Dr Lilith Ritter, Toni Collette as Zeena the Seer, Willem Dafoe as Clem Hoatley, Richard Jenkins as Ezra Grindle and Rooney Mara as Molly Cahill. Originally, Leonardo DiCaprio was set to star in the noir horror but dropped out early in production. While on Variety’s Actors on Actors series, Cooper revealed it “was an interesting example of how insecure I am.” He explained: “I was like, ‘Oh, I guess I still am the guy that wants to be in the group,’ because I had no intention of acting in anything other than what I’ve been writing. Leonardo DiCaprio fell out, and Guillermo del Toro came to me. I still remember thinking, ‘Oh wow, the guys that don’t hire me, they want to hire me?’ And then it was like, ‘Of course, I have to do it just because I’ve never been allowed into that group.’ It was insecurity and ego.”      The film is actually a remake of a 1947 classic of the same name, originally starring Tyron Power and Joan Blondell. Both of which are based on the 1946 book by William Lindsay. Essentially, it is a life story focused on Cooper’s Carlisle, a mentalist whose career rises to stratospheric heights before crumbling back down to the dirt. The official synopsis reads: “An ambitious carny with a talent for manipulating people with a few well-chosen words hooks up with a female psychiatrist who is even more dangerous than he is.”    DON'T MISS...Harry Potter star challenges Marvel over playing X-Men hero [INSIGHT]Pirates of the Caribbean fans 'devastated' after Disneyland news [EXPLAINER]Tom Hanks health: Film star on diagnosis of common condition [INSIGHT]  For director Guillermo del Toro, it was the film he always wanted to make. Speaking to Vanity Fair, he said: “All my life I’ve been a collector of mentalism and magic and, at the same time, of hard-boiled literature and noir film. In fact, I’ve been very close to making a noir all throughout my career, and it hasn’t happened. And I thought, this is the perfect moment after Shape of Water to try and do this.” The filmmaker is also known for the original two Hellboy movies, Pan’s Labyrinth and the upcoming Netflix animated version of Pinocchio. Nightmare Alley is available to watch on Disney Plus UK now    