Ozark made its highly anticipated return to Netflix in January with part one of its fourth and final season. As fans await the release of the second half, viewers have remained adamant Marty Byrde (played by Jason Bateman) and his wife Wendy Byrde (Laura Linney) would meet their demise after spotting a new clue.  When the trailer was released it featured a huge car crash which had viewers questioning if anyone from the Byrde family would survive. It was made clear they would be on their way back to Chicago as part one was focused on the family trying to cut ties with the money laundering scheme they were doing in the Ozarks. The head of the cartel Omar Navarro (Oscar Solis) who put them up to it, even wanted to distance himself from the illegal activities and prepared his nephew to become the successor. The family had relocated to Missouri as part of a deal to launder $500 million in five years for Omar after Marty had watched his friend be killed after the original deal went wrong. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? The Byrde’s had spent the majority of season four trying to come up with a suitable deal between the FBI and Omar. However, things proved difficult as he wanted to freely travel between the USA and Mexico, whereas the FBI wanted him to face punishment for his crimes. This frustrated the Byrdes as they were prepared to return back to their lives in Chicago, as they would be leaving with more money than they’ve ever had. Despite this, there was more animosity between the family as their son Jonah Byrde (Skylar Gaertner) hated his mother for ordering the death of his uncle Ben Davis (Tom Pelphrey).  Their daughter Charlotte Byrde (Sophia Hublitz) hated her parents for moving to Missouri in the first place and had tried to emancipate herself from the family. So, both their children had imagined a life without their parents constantly putting their lives in danger. Taking to Reddit, a viewer shared why they thought Marty and Wendy would die and leave their children behind. They wrote: “The car accident flash-forward in the first episode of part 1, I think is the last time we see Marty and Wendy alive. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [INSIGHT]Ozark’s Omar Navarro star lines up huge new role ahead of Netflix exit [INSIGHT]Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? [THEORY]  “In the finale of part 1 when the kids are in the mausoleum hiding Jonah says to Charlotte ‘you ever wonder what you’d do if mom and dad died?’ “To me after that line, and remembering the flash-forward car accident from the beginning of the season that wasn't returned to yet. “It feels almost obvious Marty and Wendy will die in the accident but the kids will survive. “And it ultimately gives them a fresh start to finally be their own people, instead of being tethered to what their parents forced them into being.”  The user concluded: “And they use the identities Marty’s PI made up for them in S1 to disappear.” With their futures already set up under fake identities, with money waiting for them Charlotte and Jonah wouldn’t face any difficulties moving forward. They also hated their parents for the struggles they went through, so it could seem likely things could take a tragic turn in the season finale. However, fans will have to tune in to see if the car crash will even be fateful as there is also a chance the family could survive and live a happy ending. Ozark season 4, part 1, is available to stream on Netflix now. Ozark season 4, part 2, will premiere later in 2022. 