An overwhelming 68 per cent of people said they were concerned by the way water firms discharge sewage, a survey for the We Own It campaign group found. This compares to just 20 per cent who said they were not concerned, and 13 percent of the 2,034 people surveyed who “don't know”. Only 14 percent of English rivers are considered to have good ecological status and no river meets good chemical status. Johnbosco Nwogbo, We Own It lead campaigner, said: “It’s clear that the public have had enough of watching water companies be treated with kid gloves and want to see serious action taken against them. And people are right to want change - it doesn’t have to be this way.” In the event of extreme rainfall, water firms discharge untreated sewage through overflow systems in waterways to prevent flooding of homes and businesses. Regulator Ofwat and the Environment Agency are investigating whether water companies discharge raw sewage into waterways outside of extreme weather conditions. Nearly eight in 10 (78 percent) of the people polled said they would support a fine for firms found to be discharging too much raw sewage. Seventy per cent said they agreed with criminal prosecution for the heads of water companies while 57 percent said they would back the nationalising of water companies in England and Wales. English water companies have handed more than £2billion a year on average to shareholders since they were privatised three decades ago, researchers at Greenwich Uni found. Mr Nwogbo said: “With reports showing that sewage was discharged by private water companies on 400,000 occasions in 2020, it is no surprise that this polling shows that people are sick and tired of watching profits flow to water company CEOs and shareholders while they are pouring excrement into our rivers. "Scottish Water is publicly owned and invests 35 percent more because their profits aren’t flowing to shareholders. Their bills are lower and their rivers and seas are much cleaner.” Cat Hobbs, director of We Own It, said: “Shareholders come before people or the environment and the water companies mark their own homework. “We rely on Ofwat and the under-funded Environment Agency to slap their wrists when it goes wrong. This has been failing for 30 years.” An Ofwat spokesman said: "We share the concerns of the public. The current levels of storm overflow discharges into rivers cannot continue, and the water sector must tackle this. "We also have an ongoing investigation into all companies on how they manage their sewage treatment works. “We have taken action against companies previously where they have been at fault, and we will use our enforcement powers here where needed." A Water UK Spokeswoman said: “We agree urgent action is needed to protect and enhance our rivers and water companies are spending £5bn on environmental projects including £1.1bn to improve storm overflows.” Raw sewage in our rivers and seas. Children getting ill. Surfers swimming in excrement. Fish dying. 250,000 litres of water leaking every 10 seconds through burst pipes. And we all pay 35 percent more on our bills so that shareholders can pocket £2 billion in dividends every year – which could have been invested in infrastructure. You don’t get a choice about this. Your private water company has a monopoly in your area and there is no market. England’s unique model of privatisation – where we don’t even own the assets - is a legalised scam. Who benefits? Not us, but the owners – shareholders from around the world. Wessex Water, for example, is owned by a Malaysian company, Northumbrian Water is 80 percent owned by Hong Kong businessman Li Ka Shing. Thames Water is partly owned by investors from the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, China and Australia. Shareholders come before people or the environment and the water companies mark their own homework. We rely on Ofwat and the under-funded Environment Agency to slap their wrists when it goes wrong. This has been failing for 30 years. Sewage was released 400,000 times in 2020 and only 14 per cent of our rivers are clean. Thatcher privatised water in England and Wales in 1989 - she couldn’t get away with it in Scotland so they have publicly-owned Scottish Water. Bills are lower and Scottish rivers and lakes are far cleaner. Scottish Water has invested £72 more per household per year than England. If we had done the same, £28billion more could have gone into the infrastructure. Instead, since the 1990s, investment from the privatised English water companies has gone down 15%, and they’ve built up a debt mountain of £53billion (paid for by us). We Own It’s new polling shows 68 percent are concerned about private water companies releasing raw sewage into our rivers and seas. 70 per cent want to criminalise the heads of water companies and 57 percent support public ownership as the solution. Since privatisation, shareholders have extracted £72billion. Public ownership would pay for itself in six years. By owning these companies ourselves we could end the rip off, clean up our rivers and seas and give citizens and communities a voice. Privatisation has failed. It’s time to take back our water.