Bradley Walsh welcomed four general knowledge fans onto The Chase, each hoping to win big. As the show progressed, Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan pointed out that this was a "special" episode to celebrate International Women's Day, and many viewers loved it. Leanne, Donna, Payal and Abigail stepped up to the challenge of taking on the Chaser. Taking a while to twig, Bradley said: "This is great, this is really good. Something's going on here, though, isn't it?" Abigail set the celebratory tone early on by replying: "Yeah, we're taking over the world, Brad. Mind out." The Vixen was delighted to be involved but assured long-time fans of the show that "sisterhood" wouldn't stop her from giving the contestants a run for their money. Read More: Coronation Street heartbreak as Seb Franklin's role in Abi's baby plot unveiled? Seeing the all-female panel encouraged onlookers to take to social media to celebrate with the four contestants. @CByford97 tweeted: "Four women on #TheChase on #InternationalWomensDay we love to see it!!" @essexgirl82 shared her excitement, adding: "Well done to ALL the ladies on #TheChase tonight. "I think you're all winners because you were on the first episode celebrating." Spectator @MissLionHeart was surprised it took this long: "I can't believe there have never had an all women episode on a normal day! "It is 2022 right? Shouldn't have to wait for international women's day #TheChase." (sic) The one to beat Jenny even commented when it came to the final chase: "It's been an absolute privilege to be part of this very special show." She did, however, jest: "Sisterhood goes right out the window when it comes to the final chase." DON’T MISS… Coronation Street horror as Kevin Webster flees with Abi's son in sick revenge twist? [SPOILERS] Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' as she joins with Donnie Wahlberg for new project [LATEST]Law and Order revival dealt huge blow just weeks after season 21 premiere [LATEST]  Despite viewers' positive outpour of support only, the special episode didn't sit well with every watcher. Some viewers took to social media to slam the all-female team but Jenny jumped to the defence of the special show showering the contestants with praise and calling out those who attacked it online. Her 107,300 Followers aided her by liking and engaging with her posts and also standing up against those that wronged the star. With only Leanne and Payal making it to the final chance, their £5,000 dream was dashed with they being caught with 22 seconds to spare.  Just before the show aired, she excitedly said: "We're even doing #InternationalWomensDay on #TheChase! #IWD2022."Live-tweeting as the show aired and engaging with the few naysayers, Jenny replied to one critical fan, simply telling them to "get a grip".She even used a comedic gif of herself from the show rolling her eyes at one man's unsolicited tweet. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.