Kate and Prince William constantly remained at the side of their beloved children as they attended together the poignant service of thanksgiving for Prince Philip. And to make sure George and Charlotte would feel "secure" and guided, they adopted subtle gestures throughout the service, body language Inbaal Honigman claimed. Analysing the Cambridges' arrival at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday, the expert said Prince George appeared nervous and paused at the entrance. Explaining how Prince William reacted to his son's move, the commentator told Tyla: "Immediately at that moment, his dad puts two hands on his shoulders and guides him. "They walk up hand in hand and throughout the entire shaking of hands, William demonstrates to his child what to do." Similarly, Kate's hand was "very, very rarely off Charlotte's shoulder or back" as they walked through the nave of the abbey and were welcomed by clergymen. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here This continuous physical contact, which the parents maintained also when they left Westminster Abbey at the end of the service, was "deliberate" and in contrast with a painful past experience the Duke of Cambridge had gone through with his brother Prince Harry. The expert said: "We all remember the vision of William and Harry [at Princess Diana's funeral] walking behind the coffin, nobody holding their hand, each one totally alone. "So this handling, this keeping the children secure, I believe, was a very deliberate parenting decision that Kate and William had taken beforehand." Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince George, eight, stunned royal fans and commentators alike with their presence at the memorial service. READ MORE: Princess Charlotte melts hearts as she shares adorable interaction As they arrived at the abbey, both children were guided to shake hands with members of the clergy lined up to greet the guests. Noting how George and Charlotte were already performing a key royal duty despite their young age, royal expert Roya Nikkhah said during the broadcast of the service: "Just eight years old and getting used to line ups. "It's very nice of Princess Charlotte to be there with him as well." Ms Nikkhah added: "She's an absolute natural Princess Charlotte, isn't she?" BBC's Huw Edwards, who led the commentary during the broadcast, added: "Nice smiles and a firm handshake." Throughout the service, the children remained one of the focus of the attention of many royal fans. Prince George was spotted speaking to his father during the service, who in turn appeared to give him an explanation. Charlotte was at the centre of a heart-melting moment spotted by fans as she adorably waved back to her cousin Mia Tindall, also in attendance at the service with her parents Zara and Mike. The fourth-in-line was also spotted smiling widely to Princess Beatrice, who grinned back at her before going back to sing the hymn. The memorial service for Prince Philip gave the chance to distant relatives, officials and representatives of his patronages to pay tribute to his life and legacy after his funeral had to be carried out in a socially-distanced manner with only 30 guests as it took place during the third national lockdown. All the children of the Queen and all of her grandchildren, with the exception of Prince Harry, were in attendance, as well as the eldest great-grandchildren. Several German relatives of the Duke also travelled to the UK for the occasion. Similarly, many foreign heads of state and royals, including Denmark's Queen Margrethe II and Monaco's Prince Albert, paid tribute in person to Philip's life and work. The service was particularly poignant also because it marked the first engagement carried out by the Queen outside of palace walls since October last year. Special arrangements were put in place to make sure Her Majesty, who is experiencing mobility issues, would be able to attend the important event in honour of her late husband.