Nursing Olly Murs back to health is probably not what girlfriend Amelia first had in mind when she connected with the muscular young singer. However, following a knee-op, Olly was given doctors' orders to rest up for the next six months. The heartbreaking news meant that the singer was forced to cancel a much anticipated nationwide arena tour. Although he managed a broad grin while resting in bed and recovering, he thinks Amelia might have struggled with his sudden dependency and with moving out of her home to be on hand for help with his personal care. "The reality is that I absolutely cat-fished her," he joked to The Sun. "She thought she was getting with a young pop star and now she’s looking after me." READ NOW: The Repair Shop’s Dominic Chinea addresses 'pressure' behind scenes He added optimistically: "Amelia’s fully invested in looking after me for these next 24 weeks... at least I think she is!!" The 37-year-old judge of The Voice has had recurring problems with his knee, and has since admitted that sex and football are now both off the cards for the foreseeable future. However, he has joked that there are some perks to being off of his feet, as he is benefitting from receiving breakfast in bed. Plus this isn't the first time he's had an operation to maintain his damaged knee. “I was on my own going through it [the first] time, " he recalled. "The other day [Amelia] said to me, ‘God, I can’t remember it being this bad last time’. "I said, ‘Yeah, you weren’t bloody here!’" Amelia is due to celebrate her 30th birthday soon, and a big party is planned. DON'T MISS... F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell [DEBATE] JK Rowling sparks backlash after hitting out at Labour MP [INSIGHT] Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz [LATEST]  However, while she dances the night away, Olly says he will be "sat in the corner with my crutches". His knee pain had been plaguing him for years, and doctors had warned Olly that not taking the plunge and going under the knife could result in irreparable damage. Now he has the support of Amelia, a fitness and bodybuilding enthusiast who has showcased her often ripped muscles for the public as a bikini model. Olly opted to follow medical advice in the hope that his knee wouldn't hamper his future opportunities. He had planned to do more TV, more live shows and international tours and even to become a parent. Olly, who dreams of hosting his own Saturday night primetime TV show, explained that it was essential for him to cancel his tour - or risk giving fans a "watered down" version of it. Tom Jones, who is his co-star on The Voice, joked that at age 81, he is currently fitter than Olly is. However, that won't deter the singer from trying to "convince" his colleague he could play him in a biopic. Tom jokingly replied: "You’re a good-looking lad and you’ve got some hips, but you ain’t got the curly hair and my charm."