Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has brutally snubbed former F1 race director Michael Masi in an interview for the upcoming Sky Sports documentary Duel: Hamilton vs Verstappen. The two-part documentary revisiting the pair's epic 2021 world title battle first airs at 7pm on Sunday. In arguably the most exciting season in recent history, Hamilton and Verstappen were embroiled in a closely-fought fight at the drivers' standings summit for the majority. A year of drama, twists, turns, and controversy aplenty culminated in the highly disputed finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in December. Masi seemingly went against F1 regulations by waving off a late safety car period to allow one final lap of racing at the Yas Marina Circuit. And his decision helped Verstappen take advantage of fresh tyres and overtake a largely dominant Hamilton with seconds to spare, denying the Brit a record-breaking eighth crown. JUST IN: Red Bull's Michael Schumacher plan after Max Verstappen commitment While contributing to the anticipated documentary, Wolff has revealed he doesn't want to speak to Masi 'ever again' in the aftermath of Abu Dhabi. He told Duel: Hamilton vs Verstappen: "I haven't spoken to him, and I don't want to speak to him ever again. His decisions were wrong, and I'm sure that he regrets them. "The FIA should have seen much earlier that there was a problem. There was a problem with the structure. There was a problem of personalities." However, the Silver Arrows boss admitted he sympathises with Verstappen, whose maiden world title win has been overshadowed by Masi's controversial decisions. READ MORE: Nikita Mazepin under threat of second F1 race ban after British GP ban He added: "I feel for Max. He merits the world championship... but there's only talk about Abu Dhabi." Meanwhile, Red Bull boss Christian Horner has maintained his stance that Masi's actions at the Yas Marina Circuit. were in line with F1 regulations. "He didn't break the rules. He perhaps applied the rules slightly differently in that circumstance but there was nothing he did that actually contravened the rules," Horner explained. And Verstappen has also leapt to the Australian's support, describing Mercedes' reaction and the FIA's decision to sack him as F1 race director as 'very harsh'. He said: "You can always argue 'was it right, was it wrong?', what he did in Abu Dhabi. "But I think what Michael stood for was always racing. I think it's very harsh what they did to him, and they really put him into the ground." The 2022 season gets underway with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20, as Hamilton begins his question for redemption and Mercedes eye a ninth successive Constructors' Championship. Before then, the 37-year-old will hope to top the lap timesheet again in the second and final pre-season testing period in Bahrain.