It is day nineteen of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and firefighters are racing to save civilians after a Russian airstrike pummeled a residential building in Kyiv, the capital. A convoy of Russian tanks and military vehicles was spotted just outside Kyiv late last week, suggesting that Moscow was looking to regroup and descend on the city. Today, Russian and Ukrainian negotiators began a fourth round of talks aimed at stopping the conflict — something which Russian representatives have up until this point rejected. Russian President Vladimir Putin's geopolitical plans for Europe have been thrust under the spotlight with his assault on Ukraine, with many suggesting that the ex-KGB officer wants to reestablish his sphere of influence in the former Soviet states, which Ukraine was once a part of. A handful of the Soviet states trace their history back to 1922 when, a few years after the Russian Revolution, four socialist republics were established on the territory of the former empire: the Russian and Transcaucasian Soviet Federated Socialist Republics and the Ukrainian and Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republics. These constituent republics established what would be known as the USSR. Additional republics were sucked in over the coming years: Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan in 1924, Tajikistan in 1929, and Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan in 1936. In that year, the Transcaucasian Republic was abolished and its territory was divided between three new republics: the Armenian, Azerbaijan, and Georgian SSRs. It was not until the depths of World War 2, however, that Soviet Russia began making inroads into Europe, simultaneously catching the attention of UK Prime Minister Winston Churchill. In 1940 the Karelo-Finnish, Moldavian, Estonian, Latvian, and Lithuanian SSRs were established, and the Karelo-Finnish SSR became an autonomous republic in 1956, leaving a total of 15 union republics. Soviet Russia was also currying favour in countries like Romania, Bulgaria, Poland, Hungary, and across the Balkans, installing what were widely seen as satellite state rulers loyal only to the Kremlin. So concerned about the rapid spread of Soviet Russia was Churchill that, in a private letter to his Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden, he wrote: "Terrible things have happened. "A tide of Russian domination is sweeping forward. "After it [the war] is over, the territories under Russian control will include the Baltic provinces, all of eastern Germany, all Czechoslovakia, a large part of Austria, the whole of Yugoslavia, Romania and Bulgaria. "This constitutes one of the most melancholy events in the history of Europe and one to which there has been no parallel. JUST IN: Ukraine war: Drone carrying bomb crashes into Croatian capital "It is to an early and speedy showdown and settlement with Russia that we must now turn our hopes." Within days of World War 2 ending, Churchill stunned his chiefs of staff after asking whether an Anglo-American force could force back the Red Army from the River Elbe. He ordered his military planners to devise a plan that would include using German personnel and what was left of Germany's economic might, even planning a date for such an assault: July 1, 1945. General Sir Alan Brooke, head of the army, was appalled at the plan and likened Churchill to a warmonger, noting in his diary that the Prime Minister was “longing for another war”. It is said that a reason for Churchill's confidence was that he knew the Americans were close to developing atomic bombs through the Manhattan project, telling Brooke that if Joseph Stalin did not listen to the West's wishes, the US could target the major capitals of the Soviet Union: Moscow, Stalingrad and Kyiv. Military planners researched and published a feasible invasion and attack strategy on Soviet forces in Poland, known as ‘Operation Unthinkable’. Those involved with the document made clear their oppositions and misgivings to the plans, estimating that the allies would need 47 divisions to attack the Red Army, 14 of these needing to be tank divisions alone. A two-pronged attack was envisioned: one to Stettin and the other to Poznan. The planners took into consideration reformed divisions from Germany and ten divisions already established in Poland, but balanced it by warning that Stalin could muster up at least twice as many men and tanks as the allies. They concluded that any attack would be “hazardous” and that the campaign would be “long and costly”. The report stated: “If we are to embark on war with Russia, we must be prepared to be committed to a total war, which would be both long and costly.” DON'T MISS Putin's daughter faced calls to be deported over MH17 plane disaster [REPORT] US National Security chief exposes frustration inside Kremlin [INSIGHT] Ukraine-Russia war: Putin’s missile strike brings war to NATO's bor... [ANALYSIS] Brooke wrote that “the chances of success [are] quite impossible”. The plan was passed to Churchill on June 8, 1945, and made clear that the US would have to give its full support to Britain if it was to go ahead, but that this could not be guaranteed. With this in mind, Churchill wrote in the margins of the document that an attack on the Red Army "was a highly improbable event". With his vast Soviet spy network based in London, Stalin had already been informed of the plans. The days of planning for attacks and war are long since over. Britain and almost every other European nation are highly reluctant to put boots on the ground in Ukraine as it would likely signal the beginning of World War 3. This has not stopped them from supplying Ukraine with military equipment, however. And, call-outs from the Ukrainian government inviting volunteer fighters from abroad have seen a sizable portion of ex-military personnel from Britain and around the world cross over into Ukraine to help stop the invasion. This weekend, Ukrainian officials said at least 35 people were killed and 134 wounded when over 30 cruise missiles were fired at the Yavoriv military range, just 25 kilometres (15 miles) from the Polish border. Poland is a member of NATO, and according to the alliance's Collective defence Article 5: "The principle of collective defence is at the very heart of NATO’s founding treaty. "It remains a unique and enduring principle that binds its members together, committing them to protect each other and setting a spirit of solidarity within the Alliance."