Dr Michael Mosley is the weight loss guru who popularised the 5:2 diet, keto diet Fast 800 diet and most recently, the Fast 800 Keto. The Fast 800 Keto is a new diet that sees slimmers achieve rapid weight loss before moving onto a healthy way of life. The three-stage programme starts with dieters going into a state of ketosis. He recommended that dieters do this for up to eight weeks before transitioning to intermittent fasting, and then a “way of life” which involves a Mediterranean diet. In just eight weeks, slimmers can “lots of rapid weight loss” and “fat-burning”. In a video for Channel 4, Dr Michael explained what happens to the body during the first stage of the process, ketosis. READ MORE: Five rules for weight loss: Essential tips from fitness and diet guru He began: “The body is designed to run on to different fuel systems; there is sugar and there is fat. “In the average human body, there is around 500g (1lb) worth of sugar, mainly stored in your liver and your muscles.” The weight loss guru revealed a shocking statistic about the body’s storing of fat. “And when it comes to fat, you actually store around 17kg, which is over 30lbs of fat.” He continued: “The thing is your body wants to use the sugar first, because sugar is like money in your pocket, whereas fat is more like money in the bank – you’re storing it up for a rainy day when you don’t have access to food.” What Dr Michael suggested is that slimmers start burning their stored fat, but to do this they first need to “deplete” their sugar. By cutting calories to just 800 per day and reducing carbohydrates to very little, the body can start burning fat, meaning slimmers can achieve rapid weight loss. Talking about dieters, he explained: “They will have run through their sugar supply and but the body would have flipped over into major fat burning. “It’s called flipping the metabolic switch.” However, Dr Michael admitted that the switch can be “really uncomfortable” if the body is not used to it. Nevertheless, he promised that in no time at all, the body would become a “fat burning machine”. “The way it burns fat is it produces these things called ketone bodies, which are an alternative to sugar glucose.” The brain starts to run on ketones and sugar, and the body is “powered” by ketones. Dieters can see if they are in a state of ketosis by checking their urine with keto strips. “That is the first step in really, really burning the fat.” The keto diet produces fast results but slimmers need to ensure that they are getting enough protein, aiming for 60g per day. “Eat too little protein, they say, and you'll be tormented by cravings and likely to over-indulge in all the wrong foods.”