DIY SOS star Nick Knowles, 59, has shared his side of the story after presenter Mel Giedroyc claimed he “really hates her” because she named him as the most annoying man on TV. Mel explained she made the comments in an interview where she was asked to "answer 50 questions in 30 seconds". When one of the quick-fire questions was, "Who annoys you on TV?" Mel answered Nick Knowles, but claims she said it "without thinking". Her comments came back to bite her when she interviewed the Who Dares Wins host a few years later for Children In Need. Mel claimed in a new interview with Daily Star that Nick confronted her about her past comments and asked her: “You don’t like me very much, do you?” READ MORE:ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home Following the awkward exchange, Mel concluded: "Nick Knowles really hates me. He absolutely detests me." However, on Tuesday evening Nick broke his silence to reveal his account of what happened. In a tweet to his 169,000 followers, Nick said: “I’ve only just found out I’m in a feud. “I don’t detest Mel, I don’t know her! “Only met once on Children in Need where she did keep interrupting but that often happens when presenters are under pressure live.” Many users found the response hysterical and took to the comments to add fuel to the fire by mocking Nick’s outspoken views on Formula One. Miles quipped: “I hear she is a big Red Bull fan.” User @rantingmrp echoed: “Maybe she likes Max, the FIA and Sky Sports F1??” DON'T MISS'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star[LATEST]Ruth Langsford gives update as procedure leaves her with 'scabby' skin[INSIGHT]'Will miss it!' Lorraine Kelly devastated at show cancellation[NEWS] And Gary joked: “I’ve heard she’s a massive Abu Dhabi Max fan.” Lee was enjoying the drama so much he tagged Big Brother host Rylan Clark and said: “First two housemates when Celebrity Big Brother does return!” It comes after Nick has been vocal on social media in recent months about the controversy surrounding Max Verstappen’s victory at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Nick’s most recent dig was directed at Max and Red Bull principal Christian Horner after their “nightmare loss” in Bahrain. Taking to Twitter on Monday, the BBC host claimed Max’s behaviour was like a “badly behaved child”. He swiped: “Well this morning I’ve caught up on a few @F1 clips - I wonder if Christian has had to ground Max. "Properly spat the dummy during the race didn’t he. Very tantrummy. "Reminds me of parents of really badly behaved children who try to explain it away with 'he’s very gifted.'"