Manchester United’s plans of landing Barcelona defender Ronald Araujo have been dealt a double blow. The 23-year-old has been tipped to replace Harry Maguire, who has come under fire for his poor form this season. Araujo has become a key figure at the Nou Camp this season and has make a big impression thanks to his assured displays at the heart of the Barcelona backline. The defender’s place in the team had appeared in jeopardy last summer after the club signed Eric Garcia from Manchester City. But Araujo has been a rock for the Catalans. United’s defensive frailties have been exposed time and time again this season and they have shipped a hatful of goals during matches against some of their biggest rivals. Maguire has suffered a nightmare campaign and could be deemed surplus to requirements come the end of the season. But the Red Devils face a battle to sign Araujo. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'   According to Spanish publication Sport, Paris Saint-Germain are now in the frame to secure the services of the youngster, whose situation at Barcelona is becoming more complicated. And with their financial clout and ambitions of European glory, the French side could soon find themselves in the driving seat to get the star. But Marca is reporting that Barcelona are already in negotiations with the player over a new contract and are hopeful he will stay. Araujo has just one more year left on his current deal and Barcelona don’t want to rule anything out at this stage. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision      So United could find their move blocked by two major barriers. Following Barca’s La Liga victory over Elche on Sunday, boss Xavi commended Araujo for the improvements he has made in recent months. “Maybe he is the footballer who is improving more from our arrival overall with the ball - before he had no intention,” Xavi said. “We require passes, we demand game changers. Without the ball, he is one of the best in the world.   “With the ball he had to improve and it’s fundamental for him and for the team.” United dropped to fifth in the Premier League table at the weekend after they were thumped 4-1 by champions Manchester City. The Red Devils’ form has been inconsistent this campaign and they now face a huge battle to secure a top four finish. And if they don’t claim that all-important Champions League place, they can kiss goodbye to their chances of landing Araujo full stop. So Maguire could even end up getting a reprieve. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 