Animal charity PETA has urged the Government to follow other European countries including Romania, Poland and Hungary by relaxing strict rules on the movement of pets. Currently, cats and dogs must have a microchip, pet passport and rabies vaccination to enter Britain. The calls come as more than 2 million Ukrainians have fled following Russia's invasion, with many refusing to leave their cats and dogs behind and carrying them miles to safety. PETA’s director Elisa Allen said: "The UK needs to do the right thing – the compassionate thing – by allowing Ukrainians fleeing the conflict into the country with their animal companions. "Refugees aren’t all human, and since PETA has been on the ground in Poland and Ukraine leading rescue efforts for dogs and cats, we have encountered many people who regard animals as beloved family members and have walked enormous distances carrying them in their coats or in their arms.  "Animals don’t start wars or choose to be in them. "Like humans, they are scared and distressed, and they’re totally dependent on their guardians for comfort and security. "In these desperately difficult circumstances, it would be unconscionable not to offer whole families, including their animals, refuge in the UK, and the Government must urgently set up controlled entry for non-vaccinated and non-microchipped animals." READ MORE: Girl's heartache as mobile is only link to brave dad Animal welfare campaigner Dominic Dyer added: "This terrible conflict is ripping so many families apart, yet we are also seeing an incredibly strong bond between people and animals that will not be broken by bombs and bullets. "Over the past two weeks more than two million refugees have fled the war in Ukraine taking thousands of dogs cats and other companion animals with them. "Some people have been tragically killed trying to rescue their pets others have carried their dogs in their arms and on their shoulders through gunfire and artillery barrages to get to safety. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Putin on alert as UK and NATO poised to deploy 5k-strong [LIVE BLOG]'Russians are changing their tactics' UK sends missiles to Ukraine [INSIGHT]Putin plot for Ukraine hindered as Russia troops 'getting stuck' [ANALYSIS] "Many EU member states have waived any restrictions on refugees entering with their animals, but this is not the case for Britain. "We are therefore calling on the Government to introduce an emergency pet passport scheme for refugees to ensure they are not parted from their pets." British Veterinary Association president Justine Shotton said: “We understand the strong bond that people have with their pets and so it’s very important that refugees are able to travel with their pets.   "The UK requires pets to go into quarantine to protect the wider animal population from rabies. "However, there are things the Government can do to make this process easier for refugees and their pets - by covering the costs of quarantine and working with laboratories to undertake necessary tests quickly to make sure pets can be released from quarantine as quickly as possible.” It comes as the Government is under pressure to do more to take in refugees fleeing Ukraine as Vladimir Putin's forces continue to bombard towns and cities. A Defra spokesperson said: “We recognise the difficult and distressing situation that Ukrainian nationals currently face, and the UK Government is working at pace to support them. “We have strong biosecurity measures in place to protect the public and other animals from diseases which can be brought to the UK by animals from overseas. "However, the Government is looking at options to provide support to Ukrainian nationals who are entering the UK with their pets.” 