Its troops are too many, too well-armed and too strong – so long as they stick to cities and motorways. But they are overwhelmingly wheel-reliant. You own the vast expanses of countryside and your land is enormous. Every square metre is known by those born and raised there. Locals know all the ambush spots, the rivers and streams, their bridges and culverts, the dead ends and traps where a motorised column would be a helpless sacrifice. So take to the countryside. The invaders may have the highways and cities – for a while. But you own the land that makes up more than 95 per cent of Ukraine. Make this a war of fast-moving, invisible partisans; of ambush after ambush, of sniper attack after sniper attack. The shoulder-borne missiles we have sent (with more to follow) never miss, and no tank can take a direct hit and survive. The same applies to their ammunition trucks. They cannot re-supply by air alone. They need to run vehicles from the border many miles away to their occupation forces. They cannot occupy you by ship or plane. You can make their garrisons unsustainable because they need the roads and you own the forests through which they have to pass for many miles, so cut their convoys to pieces. Putin believed this was a 10-day conquest. How wrong he was. Your country may suffer, but time is yours. In Russia, opposition will grow as life is crippled by measures that the rest of the world is taking. Second, when your snipers shoot, aim from deep cover for the legs, not the heads. Putin is merciless; he has sent in incinerators for the bodies. A dead Russian will be cremated, his ashes scattered, his family told he died in combat.  But a bullet in the leg makes a man an immediate burden. He must be carried out, meaning two stretcher-bearers. So three men are taken out of combat. The crippled man will need an ambulance for the long journey to hospital, using fuel needed by ever thirsty tanks and armoured cars. Eventually, discharged soldiers on their crutches will hobble home to reveal to family and neighbours the lies of the propaganda. Ten thousand of them! The effect would be calamitous for Putin. So give them casualties, not corpses. Putin lives in a vacuum with a tiny core of sycophants around him. But already the Russian opposition is vocal and becoming more so, at every level, from media to populace. Even a tyrant has his limits and Putin, not yet aware of it, is approaching his. Never before has an Integrated Defence Review disintegrated so fast as the one unveiled by the Government less than a year ago. It advocated that the Army be cut by 9,000 men, with fighting battalions decimated and combat units replaced by optimistic gestures. This appalling document seems to be based on the ludicrous presumption that all future contests can be resolved in the conference chamber. The chief of the German army remarked recently: “The army I am privileged to lead is more or less bare.” Now it seems we are going the same way. Hardly was the ink dry than the disaster of a return of the Taliban swept across Afghanistan, and now we have the disaster of Ukraine. So much for shrewd forecasting.  Writ large across this ludicrous document is the thumbprint of the useless mandarin Sir Stephen Lovegrove, for far too long the Permanent Secretary at the Ministry of Defence and now National Security Adviser. Devoted to political correctness and fully “woke” attitudes, he is a keen admirer of the Black Lives Matter movement, whose charter proudly declaims its aim to demolish the British Army and our police forces. Come on, Prime Minister; for Gawd’s sake do something. A sage once remarked that all political careers end in failure. He must have been thinking of Angela Merkel. For 16 years, Mutti (Mummy) Merkel ran Germany through her ruling Christian Democratic Union, defeating all opponents at the polls. As Germany prospered, she dominated Europe. Then her judgment seemed to disappear down the Rhine. She opened her country’s borders to more than a million unchecked immigrants and formany voters that was more than enough. But before that she constructed the template for Germany’s ruin.  Horrified by the Japanese Fukushima nuclear disaster following a tsunami (which Germany does not have) she ordered her country’s clean, safe and modern nuclear-powered electricity-generating industry to be demolished. She replaced it with massive oil and gas imports from Russia, inaugurating the Nordstream 2 gas pipeline, to run from Russia under the Baltic to Germany. Merkel had already run Germany’s conventional defence forces to the bone. Now the pipeline too is abandoned. Olaf Scholz, her successor, scraped home on a continuity ticket. He had no choice. He has thrown all Merkel’s policies into reverse – but too late. To keep the lights burning and the radiators even tepid, Germany is utterly dependent on Russian gas – untouchable politically. Scholz has allocated €100billion to conventional defences. But again, too late. It takes years to repair that kind of damage. So from the giant of Europe, Germany is now its sick man. And very few Germans are muttering “Vielen Dank, Mutti.” While the presidency of the USA, stumbling around the White House, is pretty unimpressive in these crisis-ridden times, the vice presidency is downright invisible.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea At the State of the Union address, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi, was noticeable and recognisable behind “Sleepy” Joe Biden. Also behind him was another woman. That was Kamala Harris, the Vice President. One may ask why she is so little known. With only Biden to shadow, a deputy of dynamism, panache and appeal would surely by now have become a world figure, a global traveller, tasked with crucial foreign missions on behalf of her country. Instead she is hardly visible. How sad that this mighty country, leader of the free world, with its weaponry, wealth and talent, has chosen two such hard-to-spot figures to elect to the two top slots of government. THOSE irritating meerkats look set to be banished from our screens – a bizarre casualty of Russia invading Ukraine. It is because they purport to be Russian, no longer a source of merriment. For me they were always a source of some puzzlement. I suspect they started when someone at an advertising agency planning meeting misheard the phrase “compare the market” and thought they said “meerkat”. Then it was thought a good sales ploy to use the comical animal in a campaign. But why make them Russian? They originate from the Kalahari. With relentless use, the meerkats became tiresome. A play on words has a limited lifespan. With luck this firm will find another witticism. 