The Apprentice star Karren Brady, 52, has criticised the extremely strict diet Robert Pattinson, 35, stuck to while portraying Bruce Wayne in The Batman. It comes after the former Twilight actor admitted he even put a limit on the number of sips of water he could have in order to get in shape for the Hollywood blockbuster. Robert told People: "I had about three months before the movie started, and then you're working out before and after work all the time.  "You just cut down and cut down and cut down before the couple of scenes with your shirt off, and you're counting sips of water."  The British star went on to say he was motivated by the knowledge that he had to be topless for one scene in the film.  However, Karren has blasted Robert’s regime as “ridiculous” and “dangerous”. READ MORE... Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected  Despite hitting out at the actor’s “unbelievable” preparations for the role, the businesswoman made it clear she didn’t blame him for the decision, and that the fault lies solely with the “Hollywood perfection machine”.    Speaking out in her latest column for The Sun, Karren fumed: “Normally it’s women who have to resort to such ridiculous, unsustainable, dangerous diets.    “But here’s a young man in good shape limiting the WATER he drinks to look the part.    “It’s as bizarre as it is unhealthy.  “The Hollywood perfection machine has a lot to answer for,” the TV personality insisted. Discussing his change of lifestyle for the film, Robert admitted: "Shame is my biggest motivator, 100%,” while discussing his shirtless scene. It wasn’t just Robert’s diet changes that impacted him while portraying the iconic superhero. He also revealed that his skin suffered due to filming the majority of The Batman in the dark. DON'T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [COMMENT]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [OPINION]Ulrika Jonsson 'refuses to surrender Swedish passport' despite UK home [INSIGHT] The star divulged: “I was really, really, really dead afterwards.  “I looked at a photo of myself from April and I looked green.  “The nature of the shoot was so kind of insular, always shooting at night, and I felt very much alone.  "You’re not really allowed out of the studio with the suit on, so I barely knew what was going on at all outside.”  However, during the coronavirus lockdown in 2020, Robert admitted he wasn't sticking to the fitness instructions set by his personal trainer when filming for The Batman was delayed.    "I think if you’re working out all the time, you’re part of the problem," he told GQ.    "You set a precedent. No one was doing this in the 1970s.    “Even James Dean – he wasn’t exactly ripped." 