Following the immense tragedy of losing her mother, father, husband and daughter, all in the space of four years, now 65-year-old Hazel Lovegrove experienced severe rosacea that spread to over 90 percent of her face. She spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how she underwent treatment for her skin condition and changed her life entirely. In 2007, Hazel received a startling diagnosis of lupus and fibromyalgia. And to make matters worse, she then developed chronic rosacea which covered almost all her face. Because of the impact the rosacea had on Hazel’s physical appearance, she completely withdrew from the outside world. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “It knocked my confidence. If I had to go to the shops I would just put on a big coat with a hood and look down at the ground because I didn’t want people to see me." In a desperate attempt to treat her “painful” and angry flare ups, Hazel went for laser treatment four times a year for a whopping eight years, but it “didn’t amount to anything”. READ MORE: Woman looks 20 years younger with 'natural' tricks “It just made my face worse. I had all these purple circles all over my face.” She also used “all sorts of creams” that didn’t help. For nearly a decade she didn’t socialise or use public transport, but allowed her family to visit her at home. Hazel admitted that she felt “awful” about herself, and “couldn’t even look in the mirror”. On the rare occasion when she left the house, Hazel often walked past Sarah Louise Aesthetics, a medical clinic offering skin treatments. “I walked past it and I used to think to myself, ‘If there’s anyone in there, I don’t want them to look’.” One day she plucked up the courage to speak to the company director, Sarah Louise, asking: “Is there anything you can do for me, or will I just have to live like this?” The clinic administered a peel for Hazel the week after, using the AlumierMD medical grade skincare range. Sarah even offered her the treatment free of charge as they weren’t sure how much of a radical change they could make for such a severe case. “She said she’d never seen someone as bad as me come in before. “But it’s just gotten better and better and my face is really smooth now.” After just a few months, Hazel’s skin was totally clear, giving her a completely new lease on life. She no longer requires peels, and instead uses a range of Obaji Medical products such as their Gentle Cleanser and Hydrate Luxe. Grateful for what the clinic has done for her, she revealed that she would have been unable to afford the treatment had it not been free. “I’d still be staying in.” A far cry from her old life when she barely left the house, Hazel is now happily married. She met her husband online before receiving AlumierMD treatment, and admitted being worried that her skin condition would “put him off”. But she looked stunning in her wedding dress next to her adoring husband in 2018, revealing that if she hadn’t got her rosacea under control, she would have “never gotten married”. “It would have just looked a mess; I know it would have.” For the first time in more than a decade, Hazel felt “confident”: “It’s a wonderful feeling looking in the mirror and seeing a clear face looking back at you instead of all those purple circles.”