Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William have been told to prepare for protests outside the British High Commission in Kingston as they arrive in Jamaica for a brief tour. Businesswoman Krystle Daley insisted her country does not want to "throw dirt" at the royal couple but wants the Royal Family to begin a serious discussion on reparations for the impact of the slave trade. Ms Daley also reiterated the Queen and Royal Family are much appreciated but noted the timing of the visit was "bad" as Jamaica struggles to recover from Covid. Speaking to Good Morning Britain, Ms Daley said: "Let me just make this clear – we do not hate the Queen and we do not hate the Royal Family. "What we are saying is this year we are approaching 60 years since our independence and since then, we're saying we need to be fully independent of the royal monarchy. "We are not throwing dirt at William and Kate, for lack of a better expression. What about the conversation about reparations? "What about that apology we've been asking for? It's a good time and it's a bad time for the visit." JUST IN: Kate dazzles in 'fantastic' new pictures as Duchess takes 'spectacular' trip with William She continued: " It's a bad time for the visit because our country is currently recovering from a pandemic. "We have not yet seen the tail of COVID-19 and here it is they are visiting in the midst of us struggling economically and struggling to get a hold of the oppressive conditions that Covid has been for us. "What are they bringing to the table now? We know the visit is around the celebration of the Queen's ascension to her throne, we acknowledge that. "But we cannot change history but we would like to enter a conversation to change the rhetoric of what our people experienced and where we wish to go for the future." READ MORE: 'Not self-conscious' Prince William makes rare reference about Prince Harry on Belize trip A coalition of Jamaican politicians, business leaders, doctors, and musicians called on the British monarchy to pay slavery reparations in an open letter. In an open letter, the group wrote: "We note with great concern your visit to our country Jamaica, during a period when we are still in the throes of a global pandemic and bracing for the full impact of another global crisis associated with the Russian/Ukraine war. "We see no reason to celebrate 70 years of the ascension of your grandmother to the British throne because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, has perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind." The British invaded Jamaica in 1655, securing a victory over the Spanish in the battles of Ocho Rios and Rio Nuevo. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' [LIVE] How Royal Family pick their partners - body language [INSIGHT] Christopher Biggins claims Queen is 'largely confined to wheelchair' [REPORT] Jamaica became independent on August 6, 1952, a little over ten years after the Queen ascended the throne. The new nation maintained Her Majesty as their Head of State and adopted a Westminster-style parliamentary system. Windrush campaigner and historian Patrick Vernon said: "Britain still has key legal and economic ties, which makes it difficult for a country like Jamaica to be truly independent. "This year is an opportunity for people to reflect: do we want to be a republic, and what does that mean? If Jamaica decided it did, there would be a domino effect on the rest of the English-speaking Caribbean.”