Newcastle United have been dealt a severe blow in their rumoured pursuit of Hellas Verona goal machine Gio Simeone. The Argentine is in the midst of a stellar season in front of goal, and the Magpies are still scouring the market for options to bolster their squad as fans gear up for what promises to be an exciting summer of spending. The Toon went big in January, blowing the rest of the Premier League out of the water with a whopping £90million spend in their fight for survival. Chris Wood was one of the names through the door in a £25m deal from Burnley, but links to other strikers persisted right up until the transfer deadline. The likes of Hugo Ekitike and Darwin Nunez, two hugely promising young frontmen, were among them. Meanwhile, Wood's measly return of one goal and zero assists in 10 matches hardly suggests to the Newcastle board that he could be the one to fire them up the table next season. However, the Magpies' overall form has been superb since the January window. Two defeats leading up to the international break have burst their bubble somewhat, but deep relegation trouble is still a thing of the past as they sit relatively comfortably in 14th. JUST IN: Chelsea bidders Saudi Media Group 'out of race' but crafty plan may revive ownership hopes There is an overriding sense that Newcastle will tap into their financial might and go after more big names in the summer. Simeone's is not yet the biggest, but he has certainly set about seeing his stock rise in Serie A this season. With 15 goals in 27 league outings, it is little wonder Tuttomercatoweb claim that the Magpies have already been in touch with the Argentine's agent. Simeone also has the star-studded benefit of being the son of esteemed manager, Diego. DON'T MISS...Liverpool legend Divock Origi to leave on free transferBarcelona could be about to give Liverpool a major boost over SalahBruno Guimaraes sends bold Newcastle message to Man City and Liverpool Much to Newcastle's disappointment, transfer insider Fabrizio Romano claims that Hellas Verona, the team with which he is on loan from Cagliari, are ready to trigger their buy option which stands at around £10m. He adds that 'many clubs' are tailing him ahead of the summer, so it remains to be seen whether Verona's permanent acquisition will effectively take him off the market. If that turns out to be the case, the Toon will be forced to consider other options. Blackburn frontman Ben Brereton Diaz was linked in January, and incoming technical director Dan Ashworth was the FA's head of elite development when the 22-year-old won the 2019 European Championships with England U19. Whoever their pursuit is based around, former West Ham and Scotland striker Frank McAvennie has urged Newcastle to make it someone ambitious. "Look at what [Man City] did when they got taken over because they want to do the same thing and win every trophy available," he told Football Insider. "City signed Aguero and he came in and won them the league. That’s the player Newcastle will be looking for in the summer. They want their own Aguero."