Being such a gigantic megastar, Elvis Presley had to go out of his way to protect his privacy. Graceland may have been his home, but there were some areas that were even off-limits to the Memphis Mafia unless personally invited in by The King. When he moved into the mansion in 1957, the singer had a security wall installed on the first-floor landing with one-way mirrors and security cameras. Behind the double doors leading to his bedroom was a massive oversized bed which he shared with his wife Priscilla and then later long-term girlfriends Linda Thompson and Ginger Alden. One of his favourite couples to invite up there were Billy and Jo Smith. Billy was Elvis’ cousin and worked for him in the Memphis Mafia. They’ve shared in the past how The King loved to keep his bedroom really cold and would offer guests racquetball court jackets to stay warm. Up there in the private space, they’d watch movies on one of a couple of TVs in the room or sit right in the middle of the bed where they’d hold hands and share spiritual insights. Elvis was fascinated by religion and spirituality; always being a searcher of truth and meaning in a world where he’d risen to the top of the ladder of fame and fortune. In a new video on the Elvis Fans Matter YouTube channel, Jo Smith shared: “Up in his room, we’d stay up there for hours and hours. And get in the middle of his bed in a circle and he would maybe have a book or something he wanted to talk about or just things that came to mind that he thought was unusual and interesting. We’d spend hours just sitting there talking right up in the middle of the bed. Comfortable shoes off and kick back.” Jo shared: “I’ll never forget, I thought it was so funny… Linda had gone to the bathroom and we were in the middle of the bed and sitting up. A lot of time hold[ing] hands and talking and he was telling something real, real deep and she had gone in to change clothes and she came back. And, of course, Linda is beautiful anyway, but she had on this beautiful peach coloured negligee and gown and he was talking. Suddenly Elvis saw her walking by, cut off mid-sentence and went: “Ya ya ya ya ya.’ Jo, laughing added: “He was human!” DON'T MISSElvis: Johnny Cash glad he respected King's privacy in later years [JOHNNY CASH]Elvis and Lisa Marie’s bedrooms: Fun memories upstairs at Graceland [LISA MARIE]Elvis: ‘Army turned King from James Dean into John Wayne’ says friend [ELVIS ARMY] In another video, Jo recalled of times in Elvis’ bedroom: “He pretty much dominated what we were doing since it was his room. He was the boss! It always was interesting. He’d talk about different things it could be anything. Something scientific, aliens…I remember one time everybody had to cover their eyes and then had to describe what we were seeing at that moment, what was going on in our mind, and then he analysed it.” She also shared memories of a protection chant they’d say together led by The King, which would be: “Christ love, Christ life, Christ peace.”