This comes as Kate and William continue on their trip to Belize as part of a royal tour to the Caribbean. The latest pictures, taken earlier today, show the couple on a visit to Caracol, an ancient Mayan archaeological site deep in the jungle of the Chiquibul forest.  "Today we'll be visiting the incredible Mayan site of Caracol and spending time with British and Belizean troops deep in the jungle." The previous day, the couple thanked all the "incredible people" they had met so far on their trip. Posting on their joint Twitter account, they said: "What a fantastic first full day here in Belize. "We’ve already met so many incredible people and learnt so much about what makes this country so unique. LIVE UPDATES: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan's gesture tells Harry 'tide has turned' "Thank you to everyone we met today". Daily Mail royal correspondent Rebecca English described the photographs of the couple at Caracol as "fantastic". Updating royal watchers on their trip, she tweeted: "Indiana thrones! "No comms for most of today but what a visit to the Maya ruins of Caracol! DON'T MISS: Royal LIVE: Oscars threatened with boycott over Meghan and Harry [REACTION] Meghan Markle tipped to bag her own Oscar [REVEAL] Kate Middleton ‘flirts’ with William in Caribbean - 'On a mission' [INSIGHT] "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Belize’s most spectacular ancient city. "Some fantastic photographs!" Kate and William arrived in the country on Sunday and were welcomed by Belize's governor-general Froya Tzalam. The week long tour will also see the couple visit Jamaica and the Bahamas.  The trip, which is the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first major overseas tour in more than two years as a result of the pandemic, has been planned to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. However, they ran into trouble as local demonstrations forced them to cancel their first big engagement - a trip to a cacao farm in the village of Indian Creek on Sunday morning. The villagers were demonstrating after being told that the couple's helicopter would be landing on their football pitch. Indian Creek is also engaged in a land dispute with Fauna & Flora International (FFI) - a conservation group of which Prince William is patron. On the first day of their trip, the couple met with the country's Prime Minister Johnny Briceno and his wife, Her Excellency Rosanna Briceno in Belize City. They also later visited Hopkins, known as the happiest village in Belize, where they were pictured dancing with local schoolchildren from the Garifuna Cultural Centre.