With the summer transfer window creeping closer, it’s worth looking at the big players who are out of contract. Kylian Mbappe, Paul Pogba and Paulo Dybala are just a few names who will be able to leave for nothing at the end of the campaign. So Express Sport will now take a look at how every freebie would look in an XI. Several goalkeepers are likely to be on the move this summer. And Ajax shot-stopper Andre Onana is one of them, with the Cameroon international widely expected to join Inter Milan. Inter are looking for a long-term replacement for Samir Handanovic, with the veteran currently entering the twilight years of his career. And Onana would fit the bill, with the shot-stopper certainly talented enough to play at the highest level. He was involved in a car crash on Tuesday morning but managed to escape unscathed and is primed to play for Cameroon when they lock horns with Algeria. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz With so much attacking talent expected to leave their current clubs for nothing, Express Sport is going with three at the back. Chelsea pair Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen both make the cut, with Cesar Azpilicueta unfortunate to miss out. Rudiger is wanted by Manchester United and Real Madrid amid uncertainty over his Stamford Bridge future, having been at the club since joining from Roma in 2016. Christensen, meanwhile, is being tipped to join Barcelona when his contract runs out. Also in our back three is AC Milan’s Alessio Romagnoli, who may stay in Serie A amid interest from Lazio. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message With three at the back, that means four in midfield. And what a quartet this would be - even if it is admittedly defensively questionable. Ousmane Dembele would go on the right, enabling the France international to cut in on his favoured left foot. On the opposite flank we’d place Jesse Lingard there, with the United star unwilling to pen a new deal at Old Trafford. Then, in the middle, Paul Pogba and Franck Kessie would be perfect partners. Kessie’s time at AC Milan is edging to an end, while Pogba is set to leave United for nothing for a second time after a failed six years back in England. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here This would be a fluid front three that would enable all of the players involved to switch positions whenever they feel like it. Angel Di Maria could still stay at PSG though it emerged last week the Ligue 1 giants were open to cutting him loose. While it’s different with Kylian Mbappe, who Leonardo wants to keep in France, it may be out of their hands. Mbappe is wanted by Real and his flat refusal to pen a new deal, with mere months to go, doesn’t bode well. It’s emerged Paulo Dybala is also eyeing the Juventus exit door over in Italy amid links to the Premier League with United, Tottenham and Liverpool, too. Sam Johnstone: Set to leave West Brom and wanted by Manchester United as a potential replacement for Dean Henderson. Cesar Azpilicueta: Spent over a decade at Chelsea and won the lot. Barcelona are in pole position. Marcelo Brozovic: Inter Milan want to keep the Croatia international and understandably so given his tenacity in the middle of the park. Andrea Belotti: Has been a goal machine for Torino and is now likely to finally, at long last, pursue a new challenge elsewhere. Boubacar Kamara: A good midfield asset, he’s been linked with United though Newcastle may try and snap him up instead. James Tarkowski: With Burnley in a relegation dogfight, it’s time for the Poland international to depart regardless of whether they beat the drop. Alexandre Lacazette: Has been a solid, if unspectacular, presence at Arsenal since joining in 2016.