 BBC viewers tuned in to see some famous faces battle it out in star-studded quiz show Pointless Celebrities on Saturday night. The special episode saw a group of radio stars take on a series of challenging quiz questions in a bid to win money for their chosen charities. However, fans were left stunned by the results of a geography themed question.   In the penultimate round of the quiz, OJ Borg and Gary Davies went head to head with Jenni Murray and Samira Ahmed. Host Alexander Armstrong revealed the next question would be based on European road and motorway signs. Richard Osman explained: “What we’re going to do now is show you some road signs from various countries. “From the towns and cities you see on those road signs please tell us which countries you would find these road signs in,” he concluded. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Carly Hope returns with Marlon Dingle's baby?   OJ and Gary chose a picture of a road sign that showed the place names Split and Zadar. The duo correctly guessed that the country the sign was from was Croatia. Meanwhile, Samira and Jenni picked a photo of a sign that listed the place names: Zalaegerszeg, Nagykanizsa and Gyékényes. Together they guessed it was from Hungary and Alexander swiftly revealed they were correct.   Richard congratulated the two teams on their impressive geography skills, revealing they’d selected the best two answers on the board. He went on to reveal some of the more obvious answers they could have chosen, which included a road sign with Barcelona written on it. Richard revealed only 86 out of 100 people surveyed correctly identified the sign as being from Spain. After watching the results roll in, viewers swiftly took to Twitter to share their astonishment that some people weren’t aware Barcelona is in Spain. DON'T MISS...EastEnders horror as Kheerat Panesar’s murdered by Gray in prison? [SPOILERS]Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan details ‘crazy’ wardrobe malfunction [MUST SEE]The Queen unveiled to be ‘a big fan’ of Last of the Summer Wine [INSIGHT]  “Who are these people who don't know where Barcelona is? #pointless,” @ondineb asked. “14 people didn't know Spain? What? #Pointless,” @Jonsta1990 wrote. @telly_watcher questioned: “Why don’t 14 people know that Barcelona is in Spain? Who are the 100 they ask? #pointless.” “Do 14% of people questioned on #pointless really not know that Barcelona is in Spain?” @hibbytrish commented. (sic)   Samira and Jennie managed to beat their competitors and move on to the final round where they were tasked with finding a pointless answer. However, unfortunately the duo fell at the final hurdle and didn’t quite manage to win the show. Despite losing out on the jackpot prize each celebrity pair was awarded £500 for their chosen charities. Pointless Celebrities continues Saturday at 7:45pm on BBC One. 