Already vets are seeing badly injured cats thanks to these copycat thugs who think kicking cats in the head is a fun game – because their “hero” Kurt Zouma did it. It’s nearly a month ago that West Ham United defender Zouma slapped his beautiful but delicate Bengal cat across the head (and out of the hands of his infant son) and then drop kicked it across his kitchen. He was laughing as was his idiot brother Yoan who filmed the incident. And I think that it’s a direct result of the actions of these two men that this vile “Kick The Cat” club has sprung up as an online craze – actions which, as yet, have not been properly punished in my opinion. One woman in Dorchester, Dorset, Dawn Stacey, had to rush her poor cat, Murphy, to the vet because he had been kicked in the head and his face looked like “a helmet full of blood”. Her vet said he had been a victim of this sick craze. And THIS is exactly why police and the RSPCA needed to make an example of this idiot footballer. So why haven’t they? Many of us in the media wrote that for many young people Zouma is a role model and some were likely to ape his actions. And I think that’s exactly what’s happened. And more injuries will follow because nearly four weeks on still nothing has happened to Zouma. No charges. No prosecution. Yes, his club fined him £250,000 which is less than two weeks wages and nothing to a bloke on that kind of money. What the hell is the point of having animal cruelty laws and animal charities – if the laws aren’t enforced and the monsters who hurt animals aren’t punished? And it’s precisely because these laws aren’t being rigorously enforced that sick clubs like the “Kick The Cat” club can flourish. The RSPCA does some incredible work but what is the point of it if it doesn’t prosecute those who think it’s fun to torture defenceless animals? The charity would have the whole country behind it if it did. More than 300,000 people have signed a petition demanding the footballer be prosecuted. And thousands more have flooded the RSPCA’s own website asking for the same thing. So why is the RSPCA still investigating? What’s to investigate? Zouma has admitted and apologised for what he did. They have it on film for God’s sake. He’s been fined by the Hammers. There can be no excuses, no justification, no getting out of this. Only a handful of people were in the room during that attack – how long does it take to talk to them. Or have the RSPCA not talked to them? How often does the RSPCA get actual film of an offence of cruelty being committed in front of their very eyes usually they see only the results? I spoke to one RSPCA spokesman this week who fobbed me off with the usual “the investigation is still ongoing” saying that anything that’s said now might damage it. Another told me the same story but added: “We are a charity and have no more power than a member of the public.” Which I think is disingenuous to say the least. The RSPCA has a long and proud 200-year history of prosecuting those they suspect of animal cruelty. Well, in this case they don’t have to “suspect” anyone. The cruelty is right there on film. Or is kicking a defenceless cat across a kitchen and slapping it round the head not regarded as cruelty anymore? Maybe the charity is dragging its heels because of a recent newspaper article which suggested the RSPCA wanted to end the practice of prosecuting those it thought to be guilty of animal cruelty. According to plans released by the charity it wants to cede control of the prosecution process because, it says, many cases they were now seeing were more complex and involved “organised criminal enterprises.” (cock fighting and puppy farming. ) And Yes, I get all that – although the RSPCA insist that’s not what’s happening with Zouma. But this case isn’t the least bit complex and it doesn’t involve criminal gangs. It involves one very high profile footballer. And the truth is part of me feels bad writing this because I know this charity does some tremendous work. But it really needs to get a move on over this. Talking about the Kick The Cat Club Nicky Trevorrow from Cats Protection implored these copycat sickos online to stop abusing their pets “in the same of entertainment”. But there’s no point in asking these idiots to stop because they have no heart. No conscience. They’re cretins who don’t give a stuff about animals or their suffering. The people who could stop this are the police and organisations like the RSPCA. As for Zouma – what he did must not be allowed to go unpunished because it has spawned other acts of animal cruelty. A spokesman for the charity assured me today that this is not a situation it is trying to brush under the carpet: “We want to reassure people this is not the end of the road. Work is still going on.” Well, good. Because I’ve always felt comforted by the existence of the RSPCA and the fact it has scores of big hearted people looking out for neglected and abused animals. But if it doesn’t take action over the very public, very obvious cruelty of scum like Zouma – what the hell does it exist for?