Boris Johnson likened the UK’s departure from the EU to Russia’s war in Ukraine during a speech at the Conservative Party's spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday. The Prime Minister compared the struggle of Ukrainians against Putin’s ongoing invasion to people in the UK voting for Brexit at the 2016 referendum. The Tory leader said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. The former MP for Bristol South East was taking part in a 1975 debate with fellow Labour MP Roy Jenkins of the Yes campaign, who went on to become President of the European Commission. He explained how handing over powers to unelected Commissioners decreases the power of the British electorate to control its own destiny. Mr Benn told Mr Jenkins: “The people in Bristol have sent me to Parliament over 25 years and you, I think, longer from your constituency. “And every time, they have had the power to dismiss me or to re-elect me and because of that I have had to listen to them. “Now, the Commissioners don’t have to listen to the British people, because they are immune from the possibility of electoral defeat.” The debate, hosted by David Dimbleby, came after then-Prime Minister Harold Wilson returned from talks with leaders of the European Economic Community (EEC) – the predecessor to the EU. The Labour leader claimed to have negotiated a better deal for the UK in the EEC and spearheaded the campaign for the UK to remain in the bloc. His attempts were successful and in the 1975 referendum on Britain’s continued membership, 67.2 percent voted ‘Yes’ to remain in the bloc. In the debate, Mr Benn also pointed out that British political traditions differed from those on the continent. He said: “Now, on the continent, the traditions of democracy are different from ours. DON'T MISS: Russian troops cut off in devastating blow to Putin - major railway supply lines sabotaged [LATEST]POLL: Do you think NATO should listen to Zelensky and brand Russia a 'terrorist state'? [INSIGHT]Egypt explorer stunned by 'treasure trove' of early Biblical texts in secret library [ANALYSIS] “Thirty years ago, Germany was under Hitler, Italy under Mussolini, France has had a succession of revolutions and counter-revolutions and cout d’etat. “We, for many centuries, have fought for the right to give the ultimate power to our own people. “Nobody can pretend ‒ least of all you, because I know you have an idea of a political union, that's part of the European idea ‒ can really argue that there is not a price to be paid for this and the price unfortunately is paid by the electorate.” “Whoever they elect in future elections will not be able to change the Common Agricultural Policy, the Common Regional Policy, because that has been adopted by a previous government and cannot be changed by a single nation, whichever government is elected.” Mr Benn also argued that the UK being a member of the EEC meant giving up some of the sovereignty that previous generations had fought so hard for. He said: “For people in this country, who do not have money or power in industry, it is the vote that it's the main safeguard for the future.” He added: “Common market membership devalues and downgrades the vote because it prevents people using the ballot box to adopt policies, change policies, change men who adopt policies. “Because in the future, if people vote Yes on Thursday, whatever the outcome of the general elections may be, much real power will rest in the hands of those who will not be affected by our elections. “Now there are men who give their lives for the right to self-government, independence, and democracy. “There are many men in the world today in prison for those rights. “And we are being invited to give up those rights for whatever purposes we shall be discussing.”