The BBC News presenter has just fled from Kyiv amid a heavy bombardment of the capital from Russian forces. The foreign policy changes Germany has undergone in light of Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine shows a stark departure from Ms Merkel’s stewardship.  As Chancellor, Mrs Merkel agreed to the building of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline – which would have taken natural gas straight from Russia to Germany, circumventing Ukraine. Certification of the project was halted by the European Union and Germany in response to the invasion of Ukraine last Thursday. The current Chancellor, Olaf Scholz – who won leadership of Germany from Ms Merkel’s successor last year – also radically reshaped German foreign policy. He broke a long-held tradition that German would not give military aid to another nation, and agreed to a package of sanctions designed to hurt Russia financially.  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin has 'absolute stranglehold' on West thanks to Merkel!' Germany, as part of the EU, now currently has a flight ban for Russian aircraft in its airspace. The EU and Germany have been criticised for remaining overly-reliant on Russian oil and gas, with estimates suggesting that Russian imports account for as much as 40 percent of the bloc’s energy. The German economy was hard-hit last year, when a worldwide shortage of natural gas had a knock-on impact on its heavy industry. EU leaders also accused Putin of manipulating gas supplies to artificially raise the price of natural gas amid a global crisis.  Now, critics in Germany are seeing this geopolitical weakness as being because Mr Scholz’s predecessor allowed too much power to be handed over to the Russian President. Commenting on this, Mr Myrie said: “A re-evaluation of [Merkel’s] legacy was on the cards the day she left office. “It was inevitable on not just this, but several fronts.” Roderich Kiesewetter, a member of Ms Merkel’s own Christian Democratic Union, told the Observer on Saturday that “a sober assessment of the German government’s misjudgments in its dealings with Russia over the last 16 years is now overdue”.  DON'T MISS SNP plot to EXPEL nuclear subs torn apart as Sturgeon comes under fire [REACTION] Britons to save thousands after France scrap hated Post-Brexit rule [ANALYSIS] Putin fearing Russia backlash: 'Riot police everywhere!' [INSIGHT] He said: “To NATO’s great surprise, France and Germany in 2008 blocked a Membership Action Plan for Georgia, warning that Russia would interpret it as an existential threat. “But four months later, Russia invaded Georgia anyway. “In 2014-2015, when the US wanted to arm Ukraine over Russia’s annexation of Crimea, Merkel and [then French president François] Hollande opposed such a strategy, instead investing in diplomatic efforts. “But in the shadow of such seeming diplomatic successes, Russia continued to build up its military threat.”  Claudia Muller, a Green Party delegate from Mrs Merkel’s constituency state, said that “Nord Stream was always an extremely popular undertaking” in the north-eastern area. She claimed: “When it came to Russia, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern effectively ran its own shadow diplomacy.” Jana Puglierin, head of the European Council on Foreign Relations’ Berlin office, told the paper that like European Social Democrats, “Merkel, too, believed that through trade you could bind Russia into a multilateral system, and thus a rules-based order".  Mrs Merkel said Nord Stream 2 was a purely “economic” project, but later admitted that some “political factors” could not be ignored. Ms Puglierin commented: “Even after 2014-2015, when the alarm bells were ringing, she compartmentalised the problem. She simply didn’t turn it into a political issue.” 