Rishi Sunak announced a 5p cut from fuel duty yesterday during his Spring Statement and demanded retailers pass on the reduction to drivers. Today, however, motorists are turning up to petrol stations and finding the pence per litre to be the same, if not higher than 24 hours ago. Howard Cox, founder of the FairFuelUK campaign, which is calling for an independent pump pricing watchdog took to Twitter to vent his fury. He wrote: “Fuel duty cut is not being seen on the forecourts. I’m bloody furious.” Motorists replied to his tweet, detailing their recent experience with filling up their tanks. Victoria Mildew said “Nearly £1.80 in Stranraer. Rural area, little competition. It’s a rip off.” READ MORE: RAC warns penny pinching Brits hit by record-high prices at the pump Dyann Rowe added: “167.8 at the garage next to me yesterday and same today. Applegreen.” Alan Williams explained: “@RishiSunak @BorisJohnson by 08.30 this morning this BP station had INCREASED fuel by 4p a litre, so much for the duty reduction.” Patrick Mcgill revealed: “Petrol station in darwen, Lancashire. Gone up 5p since yesterday. 8 pence since Sunday.” Christine Gregory said: “My local petrol station increased fuel by 3p per litre yesterday, meaning the 5p decrease announced yesterday is in fact only 2p!! DON'T MISS...Fury erupts as Britons slam 'false 5p cut' [REACTION]Sadiq Khan urges drivers to avoid 'unnecessary' car journeys [NEWS]Anger as UK drivers losing average of £6,000 when car is written off [COMMENT] Twitter user with the handle @Glo_Thienel commented: “Talking about companies taking the p @Shell_UKLtd are. At Gravesend £1.82 ltr diesel Monday today £1.85 ltr diesel. What happens to 5p ltr off from 6pm last night #RIPOFF @RishiSunak @BorisJohnson.” Roberta wrote online: “Petrol station in my area have raised the prices last night. So 2p save at most today.” Amy Cooper wondered: “Soooo did all petrol stations put their prices up last night just before midnight by about 5p so that when the 5p reduction hit at midnight they were still charging the same as yesterday orrrrr just the ones in my area.” Jonathan Capps experienced something similar to Amy: “Such a weird co-incidence that our local petrol station put up prices by 5p the day after a 5p fuel duty reduction was announced.” A BP spokesman explained the situation at their petrol pumps: “The 5p fuel duty cut (6p with VAT) announced by the government will be passed on at the sites we operate in line with the Chancellor's announcement. “This came into effect at 6pm last night. “Around 900 of the 1,200 BP branded sites are operated by independent dealers who set their own prices,” Mail Online reported. More to follow... It comes after Sunak top MPs yesterday: “Today I can announce that for only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. "Not by one, not even by two, but by 5p per litre. "The biggest cut to all fuel duty rates - ever.”