Serena Williams’s coach Patrick Mouratoglou has predicted how he sees Novak Djokovic's future in tennis playing out. The Serb has been the dominant force in men's singles tennis for the last few years, but the return to health and form of Rafael Nadal - coupled with his own controversies surrounding his vaccination status - has led to questions over his future. Mouratoglou has coached 23-time Grand Slam champion Williams since 2012, helping her claim 10 of her Major titles. The French tennis coach has coached a number of tennis' top players down the years, and his ability to work with high-level talent is clear. It makes sense then that he, therefore, is in awe of Djokovic. The Serb has been at the centre of a storm surrounding his vaccination status, but Mouratoglou believes the 34-year-old can prolong his career at the top of the sport unlike great rival Roger Federer - and win more Grand Slams than Nadal. “He can easily play for three or four more years because he is in excellent physical condition,” Mouratoglou said of Djokovic. “That could take him to 25 or 30 Grand Slam titles.” JUST IN: Andy Murray leads tributes to Ash Barty after sudden retirement In February, Daniil Medvedev became the 27th player to be world number one since the ATP Rankings began in 1973. Djokovic recently returned to the top of the world rankings, but the Russian will have a chance to take back the number one spot at the Miami Open. If the 26-year-old reaches at least the semi-finals, he will begin his second stint as world number one on April 4. However, Djokovic will remain at the top of the rankings if the Russian fails to reach the final four. DON'T MISSRafael Nadal releases emotional statement after injury hammerblowNadal hit with big injury blow to hand Djokovic French Open advantageRafael Nadal's expected return date as Spaniard confirms injury layoff Djokovic currently has 8,465 points and holds a 55-point lead over Medvedev, who is on 8,410 points himself. On April 4, the Serb will lose his 2019 Miami points (45) while Medvedev will drop his 2021 Miami points (180), which will extend Djokovic’s lead at the top. However, the 20-time Grand Slam champion is not competing in Miami - which means the opportunity to make world number one his again is in Medvedev’s hands. The reigning US Open champion will look to win his first title of the 2022 season in Florida.