Well, newsflash – everything 300-400 years ago was. Not just in Britain but in most of Europe – Portugal, Spain, France, Holland, Denmark. And ditto the rest of the world, including Africa which in 2021 is still the world’s epicentre of modern day slavery. What’s the point of 21st-century apologies for crimes which ended in the 19th century? They mean nothing. They achieve nothing. It’s just empty gesture politics from people with their own political agendas. Yes, every one of us accepts that slavery was utterly repugnant. But we don’t hear much about the fact that Britain was one of the world leaders in its abolition. Because that doesn’t suit the Woke narrative. This week Jesus College, Cambridge looked ludicrous having lost a petition in an ecclesiastical court to have a marble tribute of Tobias Rustat, removed from its chapel. The college argued it upset visitors. The objectors insisted Rustat, the college’s biggest benefactor – who donated the equivalent of £4m in today’s terms – had to be “cancelled” because of his connections to the slave trade. Only it turns out those bringing the petition had twisted the truth about Rustat and fed it to students claiming his vast wealth came from slave trading – which was a lie. Less than 2 percent of it was connected to the slave trade. And not a penny of the money he gave to Cambridge had anything to do with slavery. But still, the college’s black Master, Sonita Alleyne, left, insisted his plaque had to go. The truth is Rustat was a philanthropist who showered money on the poor, the sick, widows, orphans. But the Wokies aren’t interested in actual facts. But this twisting of history is going on in educational institutions all over Britain perpetrated by a left-wing cabal who are determined to rewrite history and whose fake facts are swallowed by the young who aren’t being educated but brainwashed. Certain individuals at Jesus College wanted to trash the reputation of a man who transformed the fortunes of their college.  But if they despise Rustat so much what the hell are they doing there because presumably, in their eyes, the entire college is tainted by his influence?(could it be their big fat salaries?) It's because they’re hypocrites. Today the College takes dirty money from the Chinese Communist Party that has driven hundreds of thousands of Uighur Muslims into concentration camps. So if 17th-century slavery is abhorrent to them why isn’t 21st-century slavery in China equally as abhorrent? When are we properly going to take on this woke army that is marching through all of our institutions? These people are idiots who insist on judging the past on the morals and standards of the present. They tell blatant lies about our history because essentially they hate Britain and everything it stands for. They try to trash the country they live in at every turn and if they cant trash it because of what’s happening today they’ll go back 400 years and trash it for that trying to make us feel guilty for a past we can do nothing about. They trash people from a different age because they didn’t live by 21st-century morals and standards. They encourage people to tear down monuments of our heroes, they deface and damage buildings, they demand we re-name streets that bear the names of historical warriors. Writer L.P. Hartley said:” The past is a foreign country – they do things differently there.” Yes, slavery is our past and the past of most of the rest of the world. We have acknowledged that it was abhorrent, we have learned and all we can do is move on. But the Woke Brigade won’t let us so we have to take them on at every opportunity. Because as well as destroying our past they seem determined to destroy our present. And we mustn't let them!