The driver was heading down the M6 in Cumbria last week when police saw the bonnet lid of his black Fiat was barely attached. Lancashire Road Police photos show the car with a huge crack in the windscreen, and the entirety of the engine exposed. The officers returning from a course pulled the driver over as soon as the danger was realised, however he was described as a "very obstructive drunk driver". A spokesperson for Lancashire Road police said: “Officers on a driving course were shocked to see this vehicle travelling on the M6 south in Cumbria this afternoon. “Seeing the obvious danger they intervened and stopped the vehicle to be confronted by a very obstructive drunk driver who was swiftly arrested.” READ MORE: London’s ULEZ scheme to cover all of the capital from next year Driving an unroadworthy vehicle in the UK can result in huge fines. The offence carries a possible fine of £2,500 and three points on the offender’s licence. According to gov.uk, “you’re responsible for making sure your vehicle is always safe to drive (‘roadworthy’). “It can be unsafe even if you have a current MOT certificate". DON'T MISSNew diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ [SHOCKING]Massive law changes to equip homes with EV chargers is 'frustrating' [WARNING]Andy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT] However drink driving carries far harsher penalties. Offenders could be jailed for up to 14 years, and face unlimited fines. A driving ban could be imposed for two years or longer. And the offender would likely have to take an extended driving course before having their licence returned. Government advice suggests the following checks you should carry out every time you drive: -The windscreen, windows and mirrors are clean- All lights work- The brakes work. Your vehicle’s handbook will tell you how often to check the: Engine oilWater level in the radiator or expansion tankBrake fluid levelBatteryWindscreen and rear window washer bottles - top up with windscreen Washer fluid if necessaryTyres - they must have the correct tread depth and be free of cuts and Defects.