He has fallen out with the powers that be at his former clubs but Thomas Tuchel is very much the glue holding Chelsea together right now and could do the same for Manchester United. Or despite his hat-trick, should it be Cristiano Ronaldo out, Mauricio Pochettino in? Results are key after all and as manager of the Premier League referees, Mike Riley has barely had a win all season. Time for him to go, perhaps? Express Sport's Matthew Dunn looks at all the biggest and best talking points from England's top flight. THOMAS TUCHEL AT THE WHEEL Ask anybody at PSG or Borussia Dortmund and Thomas Tuchel was often the loose cannon threatening to blow clubs apart rather than bring them together. But while Bruce Buck remains conspicuous by his absence at the front line of those at Chelsea who could usefully answer a few questions, Tuchel is manfully trying to give brave answers to some unfathomable unknowns. He has pledged his future to Stamford Bridge until the end of the season to give some stability in one aspect of the club's immediate future and even often to drive the players to Lille if necessary to enable them to play their Champions League fixture this week. It is precisely the sort of calm determination that Chelsea require in these difficult times and the leadership that has been sorely lacking at Old Trafford over the years. United CEO Richard Arnold should be getting those diversion signs pointed toward Manchester as quickly as possible for when that seven-seater comes whizzing by with Tuchel at the wheel. Debate will continue to rage as to whether bringing back Cristiano Ronaldo to try to cover over the growing cracks in Manchester United's squad has been a success or a failure. Certainly the l'Oreal magic has never worked better than against Spurs at the weekend when his hat-trick was all that really keeps the club in the hunt for an unlikely Champions League qualification at the end of the season. But it was the very fact that it was Tottenham who were the opponents that made it drop into place what role Ronaldo has been playing this season as Manchester United's talisman. He has been doing the same things Gareth Bale used to do at Tottenham before his first departure in 2013 - hiding just how average the team is. However, it was only after Bale had gone that Tottenham managed to build a team capable of mounting a serious challenge. And even then it took the right manager. A certain Mauricio Pochettino, as it happens... The introduction of technology was brought about to stop the really big blunders that have embarrassed the sport, usually on the biggest of stages. The Hand of God, Frank Lampard's Bloemfontain strike, Harald Schumacher's assault on Patrick Battiston. And yet there was a repeat of that final act of butchery from the 1982 World Cup when Robert Sanchez 'did' Luis Diaz and Mike Dean - a veteran and ordinarily competent referee - did nothing. Then nobody had the confidence at Stockley Park to overrule him. The steady decline of refereeing standards is in part to do with individuals. But as seemed to happen at Elland Road earlier this year - it is as though belief in the whole system has suddenly evaporated. That, unfortunately, has to come down to the manager. For whatever reason, refereeing isn't working in the Premier League at the moment and Mike Riley, head of the PGMOL, is the one who should pay the price. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here