It was in the early days of Abbie Quinnen's relationship with AJ Pritchard when fans started "rooting for" him to get together with his dance partners on the show. The subdued model was also saddened by "non-stop" trolling and speculation that her boyfriend, a Strictly Come Dancing star, would leave. "There was a part of me that was a bit worried because it was a few months into when we got together and I didn't know him really, really well," she explained. "People definitely targeted my relationship with AJ. "When he was in Strictly, it was non-stop really. They didn't want us to be together, they wanted him and his other [dance] partner to be together and that was really hard." The "Strictly curse" refers to the impact that close relationships formed on the show between dance partners can have on their relationships with their real-life romantic partners. READ NOW: Kate Humble opens up on ‘very seductive’ first meal with now-husband. The burns survivor also confessed that, before getting together with her beau, she hadn't been pursued by paparazzi, making the sudden attention a little overwhelming. "I didn't know anything to do with the press," she added. "Having to deal with that by myself was really tricky because he was just non-stop working and everyone was rooting for him and his partner to be together and no-one was rooting for me and him," she lamented, adding: "It was very sad." She tried not to take the trolling to heart, reasoning that some people may have simply been "on a power trip" when they delivered their taunts. However, it was challenging to see AJ, who worked on Strictly between 2016 and 2019, continuously being paired with a string of glamorous stars. During his time on the show, he has been professionally partnered with Olympic artistic gymnast Claudia Fragapane, musical star Mollie King of the Saturdays, Paralympic athlete Lauren Steadman and Youtuber Saffron Barker. Meanwhile, troubled Abbie was dealing with constant criticism due to their relationship playing out in the public eye. After she suffered a harrowing accident in 2021, which left her with third-degree burns all over her face and body, she realised that AJ was in the relationship for the long haul. DON'T MISS... 'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [LATEST] Naga Munchetty reacts after colleagues 'decide to step away' from BBC [INSIGHT] Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border [UPDATE]  After her imitation of a Tiktok hack to create a vase went horribly wrong, and her attempt to melt a glass bottle caused an explosion, she was rushed to the hospital for treatment. Despite her not wanting him to see her in the aftermath of the accident, she soon discovered he was committed to her. "If he had been doing [Strictly] now, I wouldn't bat an eyelid because I know that he loves me very much," she explained "I think since my accident, how much he's been there for me actually made me realise I'm really in love with him." Meanwhile, it is Abbie's dream to take to the stage herself with AJ again and pair up with her beau. The couple are keen to take on Dirty Dancing together, playing the lead male and female roles, for a West End show in the future. In the aftermath of her burns, Abbie was left unable to raise her arm, but recent medical treatment has given her hope for the future. She is receiving Botox treatment as she revealed "it puts the plasma back into your scars and helps it heal quicker". "The botox really did help with my range of movement as [the burn] was around my arm area and for a long time I couldn't straighten my arm fully or raise my arm above my head," she admitted. Now she has filmed a dance video of her own with AJ in the location where they first met when she landed a role as a dancer on his Get On The Floor tour, available via the app We Are 8.