As part of a root-and-branch review by the Government, the Justice Secretary Dominic Raab today unveiled new powers which will allow Ministers to block the release of dangerous offenders over public protection concerns. The shake-up comes after a public outcry at the decision to release double child killer and rapist Pitchfork, who murdered two teenage girls, Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth, in 1983 and 1986, as well as London taxi driver and rapist John Worboys. Pitchfork was subsequently recalled to prison for a breach of licence conditions in November, while the release of Worboys was later formally overturned after the case was examined by a new panel. South Leicestershire MP Mr Costa long campaigned for years to stop the release of Pitchfork, who murdered two teenage girls, Lynda Mann and Dawn Ashworth, in his constituency in 1983 and 1986 respectively. He said: “I very much welcome the landmark changes to the parole system as outlined by the Justice Secretary today. “Given the deeply flawed nature of the Parole Board’s decision to release the convicted child-rapist and killer Colin Pitchfork, it is clear to many, my constituents included, that a greater degree of oversight is needed over decisions to release dangerous prisoners. “I am pleased that the Government has listened to my calls over the past few years, and has acted to ensure that ministers will have the final say where public protection is concerned”. Mr Costa added: “My concerns over the decision to release Colin Pitchfork were only underlined further following his recall to prison after only a few weeks. JUST IN: EU report shows bloc will FAIL to ditch Russian gas “That decision and the public outcry that resulted, only underlined my intention to push for further changes to the parole system, and I am pleased that the Government have now acted. “The safety of the public must always be the primary consideration in these matters, and I greatly welcome this new level of oversight which will ensure dangerous offenders stay in prison for longer”. Mr Raab today unveiled a package of landmark reforms in the House of Commons setting out how certain criminals will face ministerial scrutiny. DON'T MISS:Family heartbroken after sudden death of schoolgirl [REPORT]Most wanted fugitive from Italian mafia caught [REVEAL]Bitcoin value surge predicted to hit $100k in 5 years [INSIGHT] Offenders who are subject to life sentences, indeterminate sentences for public protection, extended sentences and certain recall cases are all subject to the parole process, meaning their release must be directed by the Parole Board. The Deputy Prime Minister's reforms take back powers to override the Parole Board when it comes to the release of dangerous criminals from jail, with an aim to focus on protecting the public rather than the rights of offenders. Speaking in the House of Commons, Mr Raab said: “Our reforms will ensure that those offenders who present the highest risk to public safety are reviewed more rigorously with additional ministerial oversight. "Protecting the public is the Government's top priority. The proposals in this review will enforce public safety." He added: "Following the review we have conducted and published today, I believe the case for reform is clear and made out." Mr Raab also said he plans to appeal against the Parole Board decision which recommends Tracey Connelly, the mother of Baby P, who died after months of abuse, should be freed from jail. Connelly was jailed at the Old Bailey in 2009 for causing or allowing the death of her 17-month-old son Peter at their home in Tottenham, north London, on August 3, 2007. She was released on licence in 2013, but recalled to prison in 2015 for breaching her parole conditions. Her case was reviewed by the parole board for a third time in 2019 after similar reviews in 2015 and 2017, and refused to either release her or move her to an open prison. Mr Raab told the Commons: "In light of the Parole Board's direction to release Tracey Connelly, I should inform the House that having carefully read the decision, I have decided to apply to the Parole Board to seek their reconsideration."