The lawsuit has also been filed against a number of other targets, including former British spy Christopher Steele who assembled a dossier of alleged links between Trump and Russia. Despite Mr Trump having won the 2016 election against Mrs Clinton, he alleges she is guilty of "racketeering" and a "conspiracy to commit injurious falsehood", among other claims. The complaint says: "In the run-up to the 2016 presidential election, Hillary Clinton and her cohorts orchestrated an unthinkable plot – one that shocks the conscience and is an affront to this nation’s democracy. "Acting in concert, the defendants maliciously conspired to weave a false narrative that their Republican opponent, Donald J. Trump, was colluding with a hostile foreign sovereignty. "The actions taken in furtherance of their scheme – falsifying evidence, deceiving law enforcement, and exploiting access to highly-sensitive data sources – are so outrageous, subversive and incendiary that even the events of Watergate pale in comparison." The complaint alleges that the defendants "nefariously sought to sway the public’s trust", claiming that they "worked together with a single, self-serving purpose: to vilify Donald J Trump". It added: "The deception, malice, and treachery perpetrated by the defendants has caused significant harm to the American people, and to the plaintiff, Donald J Trump, and they must be held accountable for their heinous acts". The 108-page document was filed in US district court in Florida Southern District Court. It demands an unspecified amount of "punitive damages, costs, and such further and other relief as this court may deem just and proper". The complaint claims that Mr Trump "has sustained significant injuries and damages including, but not limited to, expenses in the form of defense costs, legal fees and related expenses incurred … in an amount no less than $24m and continuing to accrue, as well as the loss of existing and future business opportunities". READ MORE: Hillary Clinton under fire over Trump spying claims 'Fairly credible!'  Another defendant in the lawsuit is former State Department official and spokesperson for Clinton, Philippe Reines. The suit alleges that Mr Reines tweeted: "yes collusion, yes collusion, yes collusion.", after Mr Trump reportedly blocked sanctions on Russia in 2018. Mr Reines responded to the lawsuit on Twitter earlier today, saying: "I look forward to deposing the plaintiff". Moscow denies interfering in the 2016 election to boost Mr Trump's support. DON'T MISS: Putin warned military 'f*** up' will leave Russia defenceless [INSIGHT] 'Remainiacs' savaged after major EU players 'admonished' by Zelensky [REACTION] Blackford accused of 'playing into Putin's hands' on independence [ANALYSIS] At the time, Mr Trump repeatedly claimed that Russian interference was a "hoax" perpetuated by Democrats. However, the Senate Intelligence Committee "found irrefutable evidence of Russian meddling". The report found a "breathtaking level of contacts between Trump officials and Russian government operatives that is a very real counterintelligence threat to our elections". This is not the first time Mr Trump has filed a lawsuit against a political opponent.  In the wake of the 2020 election, which saw Joe Biden elected, Mr Trump filed 62 lawsuits alleging that the Democrat President's victory came as a result of electoral fraud. Only one of the lawsuits was successful. Mr Trump has hinted that he will be running again for President in 2024. In April 2021, he told Fox News that he was "looking at it very seriously, beyond seriously". And in an interview with UK Brexiteer Nigel Farage, Mr Trump predicted: "We’re going to have a very big '22, and I think we’re going to have an even bigger '24."