The Met Office has predicted more hot weather on Friday and Saturday with temperatures in the high teens, above average for the time of year, however, there will be a drop in the mercury levels by next week. BBC weather has predicted another cold snap is just around the corner.  Maps from WXCharts show lows of -4C and several centimetres of snow hitting at the end of next week in Scotland. BBC forecaster Darren Bett said: “There are some big changes in the weather pattern on the way but not just yet. “On Thursday despite the haziness of the sunshine temperatures reached 20C in East Yorkshire, the warmest place in the country. “It was a few degrees cooler than that in Scotland and Northern Ireland where we did see more cloud and we still have a weak weather front draped in the Northern Isles bringing some damp weather here. Otherwise it is high pressure that is dominating the weather.   “With that stagnant air and no mixing we are continuing to see some poor air quality and we are going to find some high levels of air pollution again across eastern parts in particular on Friday.” According to the experts, there is due to be a cold start to Friday before the temperatures rise as has been the case all week. Mr Bett said: “Under that high pressure and clear skies we start the day on a chilly note as we have done on the past few days. “Temperatures in rural areas will not be far away from freezing. There maybe a few pockets of frost and fog to start the day across Scotland and Northern Ireland but away from Northern Isles there is set to be more sunshine for Scotland and Northern Ireland on Friday. Plenty of sunshine for England and Wales.” READ MORE: UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles Maps from WXCharts show lows of -4C and several centimetres of snow hitting at the end of next week in Scotland. BBC forecaster Darren Bett said: “There are some big changes in the weather pattern on the way but not just yet. “On Thursday despite the haziness of the sunshine temperatures reached 20C in East Yorkshire, the warmest place in the country. “It was a few degrees cooler than that in Scotland and Northern Ireland where we did see more cloud and we still have a weak weather front draped in the Northern Isles bringing some damp weather here. Otherwise it is high pressure that is dominating the weather.   He continued: “Dry and largely sunny day and quite warm again for the time of year 18C, maybe 19C for England and Wales. The high pressure is still there across the UK on Saturday.” By Sunday, clouds are set to roll in and the temperatures will be a few degrees cooler but still in the mid-teens. Mr Bett said: “Into next week though and this is where we see significant changes not least because we are going to start to see a northerly wind moving down and that will really drop the temperatures. “As the high recedes early next week we have got the chance of seeing some rain and then that northerly wind arrives it will be much colder by day and also by night.” DON'T MISS:Smiling Queen abates health fears Scientists discover microplastics in human blood for first timeFuming BBC QT audience member demands Tories resign from power While the warmer conditions have been pleasant for most of us, with some Brits hitting parks and beaches, the torrid weather in the UK is reportedly leading to worsened pollution levels. Official data from across the UK shows that high pollution levels were also recorded in Yorkshire, including Leeds and Sheffield, and in Kent and Sunderland, while parts of the South East – particularly Essex and Norfolk – were set to see “very high” levels today. The poor air quality is being caused by an area of high pressure which is pulling air carrying particles from Europe towards Britain, and also creating still conditions, meaning local air pollution is not being dispersed. It comes as forecasters announce Britain's mini-heatwave is set to last for “at least the next seven days” as temperatures in London soar to 19C today. The London temperatures are in fact hotter than several European capitals including Madrid, Athens, Berlin, Ankara and Lisbon. In London, Mayor Sadiq Khan has urged those with health conditions – including heart and lung problems – to limit “strenuous physical exercise”. 