US envoy to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield said a UN Security Council meeting called by Russia on Friday to discuss Moscow's claims, presented without evidence, of US "biological activities" in Ukraine was a potential "false flag" effort in action. Repeating Washington's position that Ukraine does not have a biological weapons program or such laboratories supported by the United States, Thomas-Greenfield said it was Russia that could use chemical or biological agents in Ukraine. At a United Nations Security Council (UNSC) meeting on Friday, Kyiv's envoy Sergiy Kyslytsya hit out at the claims. He said: "We know quite well that the manic obsession with which Putin fantasises about non-existent biological weapons or hazards in Ukraine is very dangerous. "It may actually point at Russia preparing another horrific false flag operation. "So what else are you going to use against Ukraine? "Cruise missiles, multiple rocket launchers, heavy aerial bombs. We have already experienced all of these - what is next? "Ammonia, phosphorus? And what will be the next target, one more residential building, one more maternity hospital, one more school or maybe one more cultural heritage site. READ MORE: Putin may be battling ravaging disease, ex-MI6 boss says  "Russian troops have already hit all these sites, all of them. "By calling this meeting, the aggressor state has shot itself in its foot once again. "Ukraine runs a health system that is totally in full compliance with these international obligations and in full cooperation with all international organisations. "The rest is a bunch of insane delirium from Putin and his henchman including the Russian mission to the United Nations. "Russia does not give a monkeys about the safety of its own citizens including thousands of decomposing bodies of Russian soldiers; soldiers stood by Putin to Ukraine on this ongoing carnage. "I regret that the security council is now being manipulated by the Russian Federation to promote such an insane delirium." While the UK's permanent representative to the United Nations has accused Russia of bringing about "wild, completely baseless and irresponsible conspiracy theories". Dame Barbara Woodward said Russia must not be allowed to "abuse its permanent seat" on the council "to spread disinformation and lies". DON'T MISS Captured Russian soldiers fear being killed on return to homeland [INSIGHT]Putin's personality 'splitting': Creating 'saviour' of himself [ANALYSIS]French mock Brexit as historic error - 'What was the point?' [VIDEO] "Russia has today brought into the security council a series of wild, completely baseless and irresponsible conspiracy theories," she said. "Let me put it diplomatically: they are utter nonsense." She added: "We do not sit in this chamber to be an audience for Russia's domestic propaganda. "And we should not allow Russia to abuse its permanent seat to spread disinformation and lies and pervert the purpose of the security council." Earlier, Prime Minister Boris Johnson expressed fears Russia was spreading a "fake story" that the US or the Ukrainians had chemical weapons in Ukraine as a pretext for an atrocity.