Bridgerton season three could be just around the corner following the success of the saucy historical TV drama. The second outing took a different turn as it swapped raunchy sex scenes for a dangerous love triangle. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about whether there will be another series on Netflix. The second season of Bridgerton has taken the world by storm since it introduced Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley) and her sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran). The pair caught the attention of Viscount Anthony (Jonathan Bailey), who was determined to find a suitor. Fans offered mixed opinions this time around as the period drama included fewer sex scenes. Yet many saw it as a refreshing outlook on the social season during the Regency era. The good news is, the series has already been renewed for not only a third but a fourth season. READ MORE: Eloise Bridgerton husband: Who does Eloise marry? Back in April 2021, creator Chris Van Dusen shared a Twitter update with fans. He said: "More #Bridgerton love coming to this room soon! Renewed for Seasons 3 AND 4! "I’ve poured every ounce of myself into creating this show and the way the world continues to embrace it continues to AMAZE ME. Thank you @netflix #BridgertonS3 #BridgertonS4 #ComingSoon #Surreal." [Sic] Following the release of the second season, Kate actress Ashley also confirmed the news. She spoke out at a dinner celebrating South Asian culture, which was hosted by Netflix in LA. She told Deadline: "We’re going to be back! Kate and Anthony are just getting started. "We have the amazing Jess Brownell who is taking the lead as showrunner in season three. "In season two, there was a lot of push and pull between Kate and Anthony, there were complications with the family. "And then they find each other towards the end. I think everything is just starting. "I’d like to see Kate just let go a bit more and play more in season three and kind of swim in that circle of love together. I think they both deserve it.” DON'T MISS... Simone Ashley height: How tall is Bridgerton's Kate Sharma actress? [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [INSIGHT] Bridgerton season 3: Will Eloise Bridgerton marry Theo Sharpe? [DISCUSSION] Opening up about her character's future, she said she had "big boots" to put on. She will continue to show her soft and vulnerable side, but her bravery will shine through. Kate was trying so hard to protect her sister in the second season, and she lied to herself in the process. By denying her feelings for Anthony, she was only making the situation worse. At the end of the series, she left Edwina to grow into her own person and find her own love match. While Kate and Anthony will return for the third outing, the official cast list is yet to be announced. The next book in Julia Quinn's series is An Offer for a Gentleman, and it focuses on Benedict's (Luke Thompson) quest for love. Actor Thompson opened up about his hopes for the third season and whether his character will come into the spotlight. He told Entertainment Weekly: "The books would indicate that the next one up is Benedict, but we don't know that for sure because the show is the show, and the show has license to do all sorts of things. "The show is such an ensemble effort anyway, and it does feel like there's so much to get our teeth into even when you're not in the driver's seat. "It's not like I'm sitting around waiting for my 'big moment' because it's such a huge group effort, and that's what makes it satisfying to do. As long as Benedict keeps being explored, I'm happy."  Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now. A third season has already been commissioned.