Standing as a Member of Parliament for 38 years, British Politician Sir David Amess served the constituency of Basildon in Essex from 1983 until 1997, when he was elected as MP for Southend West. He served the constituency for 24 years until his death late last year. On October 15, 2021, Sir David, 69, was fatally stabbed during a constituency surgery held at the Belfairs Methodist Church in Leigh-on-Sea, Essex. As he spoke with constituents inside the church at around 12pm, a man armed with a knife emerged from the crowd of local residents and stabbed Sir David 17 times in the chest. He was treated on the scene but died of the injuries he sustained. Sir David’s family paid tribute to the MP saying: “We are enormously proud of him. Our hearts are shattered.”  READ MORE: Manchester Arena bomber's brother guilty of prison attack  “Strong and courageous is an appropriate way to describe David. He was a patriot and a man of peace. So, we ask people to set aside their differences and show kindness and love to all. “This is the only way forward. Set aside hatred and work towards togetherness.” Prime Minister Boris Johnson described Sir David as a "seasoned campaigner of verve and grit" and a "steadfast servant" of his voters. Southend was granted city status in recognition of Sir David's long-running campaign as MP. DON'T MISS: Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia [INSIGHT]Russia vows to ramp up Kyiv onslaught imminently [BREAKING]'Money is worthless everyone is panicking' – Nightmare grips Russia [ANALYSIS]      Who is the suspect? The suspect, Ali Harbi Ali, a 25-year-old British citizen from Kentish Town, North London, was arrested at the scene before being detained under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on October 16. Police soon identified the stabbing as a terrorist incident and on October 21, Ali was charged with the murder of Sir David, as well as prior preparation of terrorist attacks.  On December 21, 2021, Ali pleaded not guilty at the Old Bailey for all of these charges and was remanded in custody, with his trial scheduled to begin on March 22.