Property experts at Halo House Buyers have identified some key factors – from mould and damp to nuisance neighbours – which potential buyers need to be aware of before purchasing a property. As part of their research, the company, which is committed to providing every client with a quick property solution that is tailored to them, calculated the size of the financial impact that problem areas could have on house prices. The property experts said: “Data suggests that many first time buyers fail to consider hidden factors that could wipe thousands of pounds of the value of their property. “For example, whilst 22 percent took an interest in the surrounding area and 33 percent made it a point to have a sizable house and garden, only 14 percent and 12 percent looked into the maintenance cost or condition.” Here are several of the most common “hidden” issues to look out for that could cost you thousands. Many first-time buyers might see a small amount of mould or damp and think they are finding a diamond in the rough in their new home. The bit of green on the wall is nothing that can’t be tackled with a strong, leading brand cleaning product. They however could be seeing something quite indicative of a serious problem - one big enough to knock up to 53 percent off your house value in the most serious cases. As the average UK house price now stands at £278,123, according to Halifax, a serious case of mould could devalue a house by £147,405.19. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass Checking the temperature and humidity of a property will indicate how damp and mould resistant it is. Make sure there’s no leakage from outside, typically water entering this way is how damp begins. Having the house dry and warm keeps the humidity low and the house healthy. Maybe you think the stripey, peeling wallpaper is easy to replace, or that the various odd-jobs around the house are jobs that you can sort in a day. Once all the odd-jobs are totalled, however, they could reach around £54,000 in money lost. The signs of damp, cracks, bad wallpaper, dirty bathroom and kitchen, broken fence, damaged windows and lack of double glazing all add up to a hefty bill. DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [COMMENT]Lawn care: The mowing trick to ‘always' use when cutting grass [EXPERT] This is in addition to outdated furnishing that needs replacing when you move. To avoid, check the work that needs to be done and assess the cost. The nicest and biggest houses require the most handiwork to keep them in pristine condition. Having a maintenance checklist will be a huge help to keeping your house in tip-top condition. The invasive plant species Japanese knotweed was brought back from South East Asia in the 19th century by horticulturists who had no idea of the mayhem that would cause. The plant has become known for its incredibly resilient nature and its rapid growth and can grow through holes in concrete and asphalt, damaging a house's structure as well as drains and walls. On average, Japanese knotweed can devalue a property up to 15 percent - in some cases it can make a house unsellable. This means Japanese knotweed could slash property value by £41,718.45. Despite being required by law to report knotweed, it is often hidden by subversive tactics to get the purchase over the line. Early identification is crucial - checking Plant Tracker can show you if you are in the 6,000 areas where it has been spotted. After finding it, swift treatment with herbicide, covering with tarp, getting the rhizomes and cutting to the ground can help reverse the spread. Having a bad neighbour not only brings stress and inconvenience to your life - it could be robbing you of thousands of pounds too. Research found that 28 percent of UK residents have fallen out with their neighbour, and 48 percent of potential buyers will refuse to even continue viewing a house if they spot rubbish in the neighbouring garden. Having bad neighbours could result in your property value decreasing my £25,000. When viewing a house, take a gander at the condition of the neighbouring houses to avoid this issue. This can provide a vibe check for neighbourly relations.