Amalfi Lounge, an italian restaurant in Darwen, Lancashire, was branded "disgusting" by the man who claimed he had been denied entry last month. So, although he didn't dine at the family-run establishment, the man left a one-star review and wrote: "Disgusting. Just been refused entry to a completely empty restaurant for some reason. Disgusting attitude to customers." But bosses at Amalfi Lounge, which has hundreds of "excellent" reviews, took exception to the comment and explained the establishment was very busy at the time he wanted to dine and so they were unable to accommodate him. Martin C, a manager at the restaurant, wrote: "Hi Colin, Thanks for taking time to leave such a detailed review, albeit grossly unfair as 1, you haven't dined with us (we are a restaurant after all) and 2, you clearly don't have a full grasp of how restaurants have to operate at peak times - but I will happily explain this for you now. "We operate as most restaurants across the UK do, we accept both walk in trade and bookings, and when the restaurant is fully booked we no longer accept walk ins. "Although it's clear you are a magician with words, I will break it down in numbers so you can fully see why we couldn't sit you down. "When you came in yesterday 5 of our 19 tables were occupied, so I can totally understand your initial response of 'why can't I sit on an empty one' - but the answer is above - bookings. Although not all the tables were occupied, they were all booked for use within the next 30 to 45 minutes." Martin then shared the run sheet of the night to prove his point, Lancs Live reports.  The manager continued: "So to say our attitude towards our customers is 'disgusting' quite simply isn't true. We do all we can to safeguard our guests experience with us - that starts with them having the table they have booked for, which wouldn't have been the case had we sat you down. "We really do hope this alleviates any ill feeling you have towards us, we would have loved to have had you dine with us, but we simply didn't have the room."We would always recommend booking to guarantee your table, and please remember no restaurant will ever turn you away unless they really cant accommodate you, we all need the money due to Covid. All the best." Of the 605 reviews Amalfi Lounge has on TripAdvisor, more than 350 are "excellent" and 128 are "very good". It's often praised for its pasta dishes and tasty pizzas. 