These people have liquid steel running through their veins and their defiance, their daring, their fearlessness in the face of the Russian military machine is literally awe-inspiring. Even as Putin threatens public executions and screams that he won't stop until Ukraine is obliterated they stick two fingers up at this maniac who is determined to wipe their country off the face of the earth. Which is why the world has to throw everything at the Ukrainians to help them win in this fight. We must quickly impose bigger and tougher sanctions, we must send more weapons, take in more refugees, send more money. We must cripple the Russian economy so the Oligarchs will turn on Putin. The world's media must keep exposing this butcher's madness to make sure the Russian people understand that he has to be stopped - whatever it takes. And we have to talk about those Russian people. We need to talk about THEIR courage, their defiance in standing up to a leader who has shamed them in the eyes of the world. On pain of death, torture and imprisonment thousands of Russian people have taken to the streets this week in more than 50 cities to protest about Putin's brutal and unnecessary war. Thousands have been arrested - some of them children as young as five - who Putin threw into cages. Clutching their mother's hands they wept and screamed because they were terrified. But their mothers told them they must do this because they have to stop the war. And also because no Russian mother wants her child to grow up being led or defined by a power-mad maniac who has brought the wrath of the world down on their country. In St Petersburg, hundreds of antiwar protesters stood together chanting. One by one the oligarchs are turning their backs on the dictator who made them rich. The Russian Federal Security Service is betraying Putin by passing details of his military strategy to the Ukrainians. A plot to kill President Zelensky was actually foiled by intelligence leaked to the Ukrainians by RFS. Putin's soldiers are saying publicly they never wanted to fight this war. More than 1.2 million Russians have signed an open letter online condemning it. And more than 7,000 scientists and academics have posted their disgust at the "senseless" war, the responsibility for which they say "lies entirely with Russia". All the protesters have been threatened with 20 years' imprisonment and God knows what else for their defiance. They're being told their leader will impose martial law yet still they parade through the streets with their banners and their masks that say simply "ENOUGH". This valiant defiance of a brutal and savage dictator from a bygone age is unprecedented because these people know what Putin does to those he deems to be traitors of Mother Russia. BUT he must now know he has made a fatal misjudgement with this war. Every Russian has a mobile phone so he can no longer fool them with his rabid "I'm killing Nazis" propaganda. But that will make him even more dangerous, more determined. He will never back down and he has nothing to lose. It's a lethal combination. Putin has already warned "the worst is yet to come" and all the world can do is tremble and wait till we see what his "worst" is. And while we do... Ukrainians are dying. ----------------- ----------------- THE sooner driverless Tube trains are introduced on London Underground the better. The capital has been brought to a standstill this week thanks to the militant Trots running the RMT union and their greedy drivers who earn a staggering £60,000 a year plus bonuses for a job that largely entails deciding when to close the train doors and when to leave the station. These idiots know the post pandemic recovery is fragile yet still they decided to cripple London putting other people's jobs at risk. Enough now! If those drivers don't want their cushy job Boris should sack them and replace them all with people who want to work. He'd have the entire country behind him. ----------------- HOW Joe Biden got to be leader of the free world is beyond me. When he was fighting Trump in the Presidential election he forgot his name and called him George. This week he referred to the Ukrainians as Iranians. In his State of the Union speech the 79-year-old said: "Putin may circle Kyiv with tanks but he'll never gain the hearts and souls of the Iranian people." I wonder if Americans are proud of the fact that the man they put into the White House has the intellectual capacity of a pot plant. Meanwhile here at home Labour's resident idiot, Diane Abbott, reported her shock at seeing tanks roll into "Croatia". I mean, seriously? ------------------ ARE we supposed to think Roman Abramovich is a good guy because he's offering the profits from the sale of Chelsea FC to what he calls "the victims of war in Ukraine"? First, he didn't specify whether he meant Ukrainians or Russian participants. And surely a clever accountant makes sure the club doesn't have any "profits" to give away. But most importantly why aren't we "seizing" the club and making sure this filthy-rich oligarch can't get his money out? And rather than all his weasel words about Ukraine's victims, why hasn't Abramovich condemned his Comrade Putin's illegal war. Because in not doing so it's looking like he approves of it! What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- CALL me an old fart but I really don't think six-months pregnant Rihanna did herself any favours rocking up at Paris Fashion Week in a thong, black thigh-length patent boots and a see-through black negligee that looked like it belonged in a window of Amsterdam's Red Light district. No one's saying she should be buttoned up to the neck in a baggy, crimplene smock but this just looks wrong. And a bit smutty! ----------------- DAME Joan Collins was furious when having flogged exclusive coverage of her 20th wedding anniversary bash to OK! magazine half a dozen of her "friends" didn't show. "You do not cancel on a big event like this at 4pm on the same day," she fumed. Could Joan's fury be down to the fact the size of her fee was dependent on how many famous faces turned up? Just asking! ----------------- VICTORIA Beckham is so convinced by the energy of crystals that not only has she filled her home with them, she's also put them all over her London store. Pity the energy hasn't been strong enough to help her overpriced brand turn a profit which it hasn't since it started ten years ago. I don't think there are enough crystals in the world for that! ----------------- SCIENTISTS have created a formula for the perfect chip butty and say the key is the optimum ratio of chips (12 thick-cut apparently) to bread. Maybe I'm old fashioned but might they not be better employed trying to find a cure for cancer? ----------------- THE invasion of Ukraine has prompted the Eurovision Broadcasting Union to ban Russia from this year's show. Good God, do they actually think that constitutes some form of punishment?