Russian prisoners of war broke down when they claimed they were "deceived" into fighting Ukrainians. Video footage showed the young soldiers in tears as they claimed corpses were not being picked up. One soldier said: "This is not our war. "Mothers and wives, collect your husbands. There is no need to be here." While another added: "They don't even pick up the corpses, there are no funerals." A third said: "We were told we would be enemies of the state and because it's wartime, we might even be shot if we refused. "We were thrown in as cannon fodder." READ MORE: Russian soldiers head home on foot en masse Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that 498 Russian soldiers had died in Ukraine and another 1,597 had been wounded since the beginning of Moscow's military operation there, Russia's RIA news agency reported. It was the first time that Moscow had put a figure on its casualties. The ministry also said that more than 2,870 Ukrainian soldiers and "nationalists" had been killed and about 3,700 wounded, according to Interfax. The numbers could not be independently verified and there was no immediate comment from Ukraine. However, the Ukrainian military has claimed at least 4,500 Russian soldiers had been killed. It comes as Kyiv's mayor Vitali Klitschko and his brother Wladimir - both former world heavyweight boxing champions - have appeared together calling for more support from allies to defend Ukraine against the Russian invasion. Wladimir said there were "never enough" resources as the country's infrastructure has been partially crippled by shelling during a "terrible advance" over the past few days. The mayor and his brother thanked governments which had provided international help but said basic supplies like food and water were needed as well as more weapons. DON'T MISS ‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN [VIDEO]Camilla in tears on emotional visit to Ukrainian Cathedral [INSIGHT]Ukrainian Embassy in London under 'massive' cyberattack [ANALYSIS] In a joint interview on BBC News, Wladimir said: "It's never enough. There's huge demand because infrastructure is partially destroyed by the shelling that is happening all over the country in the different cities. "It's absolutely not enough and we definitely need to support and help - financial support, military equipment support, medical support." His brother added: "Everyone has to be involved. It's war not against Ukraine, it's war against (all) civilians and it's war against democracy. "We need support - support from the whole world."