Russian artillery and troops directed at Ukraine's metropolitan centres have, so far, killed thousands and displaced up to two million people. As the national government and Western allies work towards a resolution, many civilians have rushed to safety. They have found new homes in nearby countries and those further afield where their family members reside, and a small clutch have found their way to the UK. At present, British authorities report having approved "just over 1,000" visa applications, according to Boris Johnson. The Prime Minister and his Home Secretary, Priti Patel, have recently come under fire for the limited number of people accepted via the Family Visa Scheme. The scheme is currently the UK's only scheme for Ukraine refugees, and is reserved for Ukrainian refugees resettling a "family unit". Those who apply will find that first, they have to pass an eight-step application process. READ MORE: Could the French election be delayed by Putin's invasion of Ukraine? Step 1: Create an account Ukrainians hoping to settle in the UK first need to create an account on the Government's online portal at Gov.uk. Step 2: Upload proof of residence Once they have completed the initial application, they will have to prove they have family in the UK. The member in question will need permanent residence status, provable via a photo of their family member's passport, which should bear the Home Office insignia. Step 3: Upload proof of origin People making the application need to upload proof that they lived in Ukraine before January 1, 2022. Typical proof of address documents include utility bills or credit card and bank statements. Step 4: Evidence of relation Applicants must also provide evidence they are related to the person with whom they are applying to live. These documents will include birth or marriage certificates, but the Home Office will give people who can't supply them a chance to explain why. Step 5: Translate The Home Office requires documents submitted on its system to be translated into English. Step 6: Make an in-person visa appointment Hopeful applicants will need to provide their biometrics to British authorities. These include fingerprint and facial scans completed via Home Office Visa Application Centres (VACs) scattered across Poland, Moldova, France, Hungary and Romania. At present, a backlog means that people may not receive the all-important appointment for up to two weeks. Step 7: Double-check vaccinations British officials have waived the requirement for applicants to have received their tuberculosis vaccination on arrival. But, according to the Daily Mail, some people are still being told they need it, so it is worth checking with VAC staffers. Step 8: Wait The final step in the process is patience, as UK authorities have to check the application and carry out security checks before they green-light entry.