Journalist and broadcaster Nick Ferrari slammed the British soldiers who have defied their military orders in order to help fight in Ukraine. On Monday, it was confirmed a number of British soldiers had entered Ukraine secretly to help fight against Vladimir Putin and the Russian army. However, many in the UK, including Nick, slammed their decision to join the fight as they feel it could have negative repercussions for Britain. After Matthew Wright praised their courage to join the war, Phillip Schofield said: "These are serving soldiers. "I mean, the 19-year-old has ceremonial duties as a Coldstream Guardsman, and he suddenly disappeared. "The difference here between him, he has his military training, although he is not where he should be now. "There are reports today of guys who have gone out with no military training whatsoever, have arrived to say they want to fight, and the Ukrainians have said you are more of a liability than a help. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? "But these guys they do have that military training, but it has sparked panic in the Ministry of Defence because they are racing to intercept the soldiers, in case Russia try to say that Britain has entered the war if any army personnel are found fighting on the front lines, Nick? Nick slammed: "I attended a military school, and if military life is about anything, it is about discipline, and if you are given an order, you carry out that order and your last point is absolutely right. "Think about what Putin's propaganda machine could make, these are very brave young men who want to do it. "Sadly, if they are serving, they are wrong, they need to get home as quickly as they possibly can, they have defied orders, and they are putting the UK at risk. "If Putin were to capture one, two, half a dozen of these, he could then make the argument that secret soldiers are being sent over by the UK and the whole dynamic changes. "I respect their bravery, but in this instance, I have to tell them to think again and get back." One of the soldiers who have been ordered to come back to the UK includes a 19-year-old guard who swore to protect the Queen. He decided to ditch his post outside Windsor and made his way to Ukraine to fight against Russian soldiers. DON'T MISS...'Sticks in my craw' Ferrari rages at Zelensky MPs 'voted for cuts' [INSIGHT]Russians can't work out 'why they're killing their brothers' [LATEST]Ferrari slams caller defending Putin on Ukraine 'Never started a war?' [WATCH] He reportedly wrote a goodbye letter to his parents and booked a one-way ticket to Poland over the weekend with the aim of crossing the border. According to The Mirror, the Ministry of Defence agents are believed to be attempting to find the teenager over fears Russia could see the soldier signing up as Britain becoming involved with the war. Three other British soldiers are believed to have done the same thing and gone absent without leave to fight. Metro reported a Ministry of Defence spokesman said: "All service personnel are prohibited from travelling to Ukraine until further notice. "This applies whether the service person is on leave or not. Personnel travelling to Ukraine will face disciplinary and administrative consequences." The Ministry of Defence states that going to Ukraine to fight, or to assist others engaged in the conflict, may be against the law and could lead to prosecution. The move from the soldiers potentially threatens to undo the progress made by the West to avoid the dire situation unravelling into a worldwide conflict. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.