The SNP leader has renewed her calls for a second Scottish independence referendum in recent weeks, batting away arguments from challengers on the legality of a new vote by the end of next year. Joanna Cherry, who previously served as the SNP’s shadow home secretary, swatted away reports that the movement for Scottish independence had gained momentum north of the border. Ms Cherry said the “independence debate is stalled”, and would only move on if leaders “inject some life into it with a clear plan and a fresh prospectus”. She added: “Scotland is in a consensual union with England. “When we last got the chance to say whether we wanted to leave that union, the answer was No.” The previous referendum on Scottish independence, back in 2014, was promised to be a “once in a lifetime vote”. Referencing this pledge, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has refused to grant Ms Sturgeon a second referendum. Mr Johnson formally rejected the SNP’s call for a second referendum in early 2020, adding “the UK Government will continue to uphold the democratic decision of the Scottish people” eight years ago. This comes after Westminster’s SNP head, Ian Blackford, said the war in Ukraine should not derail plans to hold another vote before the end of next year. Mr Blackford told BBC Scotland: “Is anybody suggesting that [Vladimir] Putin should determine the timeline for an independence referendum in Scotland?” READ MORE: Macron blocks Boris on sending tanks to Ukraine as NATO tensions surge However, an ex-advisor to former First Minister Alex Salmond said the referendum was “unlikely” to be carried out by Ms Sturgeon’s timeline. Writing in the Sunday Times, Kevin Pringle said: “It is unwise to make any definite predictions in such volatile times, but it seems reasonable to say out loud that an independence referendum is unlikely to take place by the end of next year, given the hurdles to be overcome and extensive preparations required.” He added: "A referendum is a means to an end, nothing more. “If the Scottish Government pursues it within a tight 2023 timescale that people are uncomfortable with, even assuming it doesn't happen then, the task of building support for independence itself may be undermined.” DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: 'Uncomfortable truth' EU shackles laid bare [LIVE] EU Summit: Bloc on brink of huge row over energy prices [REPORT]NATO map: The three countries that could attack Russia first in WW3 [MAP] Ms Cherry praised Mr Pringle’s comments, adding she “share[d]” a belief that a 2023 vote was not a realistic prospect. In another blow to Ms Sturgeon’s plans, former SNP leader Alex Salmond told a conference of the Alba Party that the current First Minister’s schedule was “not particularly credible”. He told the Herald: “It seems unlikely that Boris Johnson is going to meekly say to the Scottish Government: ‘Well done, chaps, you can now have a referendum and I am changing my mind on the issue.’ “Therefore, you have to campaign to change his mind and have a series of contingencies as to what you do if Westminster says no.” He added: “The idea of a referendum next year, for many people looking at it, doesn’t look particularly credible.” The SNP’s commitment to a 2023 independence referendum was a staple of their election manifesto for Holyrood seats last year. Speaking to LBC, the First Minister said: “My plans and my thinking haven't changed. “We, right now, should be reminded, above all else, how lucky we are to live in a free democracy where we can put forward our case for political constitutional change, argue that case passionately, whatever our views on that might be, and trust people to decide.” Ms Sturgeon has also promised to bypass the need for Westminster consent to a second referendum, pushing forward with the Referendum Bill regardless of Downing Street.