It has been more than two weeks since Russia invaded Ukraine which has resulted in a number of car manufacturers pulling out of Russia and pledging support for Ukraine. There are also fears that car repair costs could be impacted by the war as a result of global supply chain issues.  Fleet Assist believes there will be little impact on the supply chain logistics for far moving parts. However, costs are set to increase which will translate into higher repair costs over the coming months. The group say they are closely monitoring the supply chain in respect to parts availability through close communication with franchised and independent dealer networks and parts suppliers. Vincent St Claire, Fleet Assist’s managing director, explained that the invasion of Ukraine has led to issues with importing car parts. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  He said: “The main Ukrainian parts industry comprises vehicle wiring looms and gas production that supports the manufacture of semiconductors. “This is going to cause issues with the supply of major components supplied to many vehicle manufacturers which will impact new vehicle production.” Mr St Claire continued, saying that Fleet Assist was in regular dialogue with all elements of the supply chain. The organisation want to keep their customers informed with regular updates so they can consider any tactical changes required to mitigate a potential impact on drivers. DON'T MISSNew parking law would see drivers charged £550 per space [SHOCKING]Millions could be caught under new speed camera proposals [WARNING]Fears that overhaul of car tax system would hit working class [INSIGHT]  There are also fears that car prices will also increase in Europe. Ukraine has become an important manufacturing hub for certain components, which have been used by European manufacturers. One key component in particular, cable harnesses, are consistently manufactured in Ukraine, with many car makers looking elsewhere for the vital car part. Georges Dieng, Director of Corporate Ratings, warned that car prices could increase as the war continues.  He said: “Europe’s auto makers have limited direct exposure to Russia, but they are vulnerable to the ripple effects of sanctions and the war in Ukraine which, while hard to quantify, will weigh on vehicle output, input costs and demand in Europe. “Following the Western sanctions imposed on Russia, most original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) have halted vehicle exports to Russia and suspended deliveries to local dealers. “However, it is not clear whether Russian operations will cease altogether as companies reassess strategy for the region. “Last week, BMW, Mercedes-Benz Group and Volkswagen AG decided to stop vehicle exports and halt production in Russia until further notice. The whole industry is expected to follow suit.  “While the sector’s direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine is limited and manageable, we see more risks stemming from indirect exposure related to trade/supply disruption, higher energy costs, rising inflation and weaker consumer confidence. “This is the immediate consequence of the war in Ukraine and more disruption can be expected due to rising transport restrictions, from no-fly zones for commercial aircraft to rerouting of rail and marine traffic. “We expect that EU automotive production, which was set to rebound in 2022 thanks to an easing of the chip shortage in H2, will fall short of expectations.”