Four million households are due a Cold Weather Payment from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them pay their energy bills. With just a few weeks left until the scheme ends now is the time to use the Cold Weather Payment checker to see if a payment of £25 could be on its way. With energy bills rising at unprecedented levels many low income families and pensioners will be hoping for all the help they can get. A Cold Weather payment is due every time the temperature falls, or is predicted to fall, below zero for seven days. The Cold Weather Payment scheme runs from November 1 to March 31 and is designed to help those on a low income meet by giving them a bit of extra money to cover energy bills. According to the DWP, four million households are entitled to at least £25 with residents in some areas such as Braemar in Scotland due £75. READ MORE: Universal Credit claimants and pensioners to be £700 worse off Britons can check in advance to see if a payment is on its way by using the Cold Weather Payment postcode checker. All they need to do is enter their postcode on Gov.uk to see whether it has been cold enough to trigger a weather station near where they live. Payments are made automatically but people should contact their local benefits office or Jobcentre if they haven’t received any money. Six groups of people usually qualify for Cold Weather Payments from the DWP including those on Pension Credit and Universal Credit.  DON'T MISSState Pension: What happens to my pension when I die? [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [WARNING]State pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [UPDATE]     Who is eligible for a Cold Weather Payment?  As well as Cold Weather Payments, Britons are being encouraged to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. Charities are reminding people that an estimated £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year. More than a million pensioners are missing out on Pension Credit which could be worth thousands of pounds per year. Not only that, but it also opens up the door to other benefits such as a free TV licence for over 75s and Winter Fuel Payments of up to £400 a year.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To check eligibility for state benefits including Pension Credit - people can use a benefits calculator. It’s quick and simple to work out if someone could claim. Charities like Age UK and Citizens Advice sometimes offer help to people applying for benefits. There’s a handy benefits calculator on Gov.uk.