Ski Sunday presenter Chemmy Alcott has opened up on the warning she received from her doctor that forced her to retire from Alpine ski racing. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the sportswoman, 39, revealed it was only when she heard those life-changing words that she decided to retire from the winter sport she loved so much. The star broke her right leg in a horror smash in 2010 which left her with metal pins in her leg. In 2013, the skier suffered another setback as she prepared for the Sochi Winter Olympics, breaking her leg for the second time. The following year, Chemmy announced her retirement from Alpine ski racing. When quizzed over what made her decide to quit, Chemmy told how the pain of her injuries stopped her from delivering her best performance on the slopes. READ MORE: Robert Rinder shares update on partner Oksana's Ukrainian family She said: "That pain, 100% it was the pain." The star went on to reveal that she was also issued a warning by medical professionals if she were to keep skiing. Chemmy explained: "And my surgeon told me that if I broke my leg with the metalwork in it, then they'd have to amputate my leg from the knee down. "That's because my bones have never healed so I still have a broken leg right now. "And just putting it in perspective that I was risking the rest of my life in the sport that I loved, that was all I kind of needed to hear," she added. She also told how she decided to retire so she could enjoy her time with her family. Chemmy said: "It was like right okay, there's being selfish and an athlete and then there's being selfish for your life post being an athlete. "And I felt like I was on the limit with that." DON'T MISS... Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [INSIGHT]'Can't wait!' The Repair Shop's Will Kirk teases move away from show [UPDATE]Robbie Williams shares worries for kids after addiction battles [ANALYSIS] Speaking about her skiing injuries, Chemmy said: "I'm really proud of all the injuries I had. "Because all the injuries were proof that I was willing and confident enough to take risks," she added. The sportswoman told how she went through a phase of being too careful on the slopes which, while she didn't injure herself, affected her performance. Following multiple injuries as a result of skiing accidents, Chemmy has been vocal about the pain she has faced throughout her life. However, while filming Ski Sunday last year, the mother-of-two started taking Dragonfly CBD, which she credits with helping her to get a better night's sleep and managing her pain. She said: "I couldn't believe the difference it made. I felt more flexible, had no pain, and my quality of sleep was so much better. It was a real life-changing time for me.” "Dragonfly CBD helps me lead the active life I want to, without being weighed down by pain. "And my quality of sleep is so much better, plus, it has really helped me deal with what life can throw at us, where juggling 101 things is pretty normal for us all," she added.