   Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden looked sensational in her latest outfit for International Women’s Day 2022. The star could be seen strutting her stuff on her Instagram story alongside her good pal Ashley Roberts      Amanda, 51, stunned in a red co-ord outfit today, which highlighted her enviable figure. The star struck her best catwalk poses in the matching skintight top and skirt combo for her 1.8 million followers. She could be seen arm in arm with fellow Heart Radio presenter Ashley Roberts, who strutted beside Amanda in the boomerang she posted to her story. The radio presenter sported a bright red Karen Millen outfit which was decorated with a white, chain-link pattern. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     Her tight long-sleeved, high-necked top stopped at her waist and exposed her midriff above her figure-hugging pencil skirt, which featured a zip down the middle. The star accessorised her look with subtle jewellery and wore silver, pointed stilettos to complete the outfit. She also credited styling team Karl Willett and Adele Pentland, who brought the look together. Pussycat Doll Ashley rocked an off-the-shoulder dress with a grey, striped pattern.      The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star accessorised her ensemble with a delicate necklace and white stilettos. Both appeared to be posing from the comfort of their Heart Radio office. Amanda also shared a sweet clip of Ashley running up behind her to give her a hug during her show. The former musical theatre actress currently co-hosts the Heart Breakfast radio show with Jamie Theakston on weekday mornings. READ MORE... BBC Breakfast's Dan Walker shares 'confession' about Strictly stint [INSIGHT] Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [LATEST]       Yesterday Amanda and Ashley sat down to discuss why they love being women in honour of International Women’s Day. During the chat, the pair discussed the positive changes for women getting older in recent years. Amanda told Ashley: “The women who are getting older are still smashing those glass ceilings - because there’s less of a care about what we’re supposed to be perceived as doing at 40 or 50, or even 20 and 30." Ashley agreed, saying: "There was a saying that was like ‘35 and on the shelf’ and I was like: ‘what?! I think I’m just beginning!'.      "I think I’m having a resurgence at 40. We get to know our bodies more, we’re more connected to ourselves." They also discussed what advice they'd give their younger selves, with Ashley saying: "It’s going to be a bumpy ride, saddle up and be brave. Believe in yourself, you can do it." Amanda agreed, adding: "Also - this has been said before - it's a marathon and not a sprint. "Just because something’s going to happen in 20 years’ time doesn’t mean that you need to give up on the way. Just wait for those 20 years." Listen to Amanda Holden on Heart Radio weekdays from 6:30am to 10am.   