The couple married back in 1976 and over the years became legal guardians to Nora’s daughter’s three children after she became unable to cope. Back in 2018, Lydon revealed that he had become Nora’s full-time carer after she was diagnosed with the progressive condition that impacts individuals memory, thinking and behaviour. Speaking openly and honestly about the struggles both Nora and he are living with, Lydon revealed on Good Morning Britain last year that his wife’s condition had come on “really strong and really quick”. Speaking about Nora’s condition and his continued devotion to looking after her, Lydon said: “It’s come on really strong and really quick. “You’re asked questions about the doctors when did the symptoms start and well, I don’t know. “She’s always been able to lose her keys and is that an indicator? “Sometimes her memories are lethal. She can go back 20 years in complete detail and complete accuracy. I’m not going to abandon her.  READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘persistent’ toilet sign signalling a tumour growing inside the colon  "You lose the connection and they can’t verbalise what it is they feel, sometimes. Sometimes they can. I can still see her personality, it still exists, it's just confused on how to express itself. “Never give up on people, they’re still there.” As well as looking after Nora, Lydon has health struggles of his own, after admitting that his eyesight is deteriorating at an “alarming pace”. Appearing on Loose Women, Lydon said that his role as a carer prevents him from caring for himself: “I have really bad eyesight, it is deteriorating at an alarming pace but I can't go anywhere to take care of that because I can't leave her alone.  “It is both physically and mentally demanding to the point where I get no sleep hardly at all ever but at least she is happy.” Alzheimer’s is the most common form of dementia, the name for a group of symptoms associated with an ongoing decline of brain functioning. The NHS explains that Alzheimer's disease is a progressive condition, which means the symptoms develop gradually over many years and eventually become more severe. First signs of the condition typically include minor memory problems including forgetting recent conversations, events and forgetting the names of places or objects.  As the condition develops, memory problems become more severe and further symptoms can develop, such as: The number of people in the UK with Alzheimer’s and dementia was forecast to increase to over one million by 2021, and over two million by 2051, with most of the individuals affected by the disease over the age of 65. The exact cause of Alzheimer's disease is not yet fully understood, although a number of things are thought to increase your risk of developing the condition. These include:Increasing age Although memory loss may not always be a sign of Alzheimer’s or dementia, seeking the opinion of a medical professional is key in getting a diagnosis. An accurate and timely diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease can give you the best chance to prepare and plan for the future, as well as receive any treatment or support that may help. 