As the worker drove in Sparkbrook in Birmingham, he took pictures of the strange scene, which saw supermarket trollies being used as parking place holders. Two trollies had been placed facing each other in the road outside homes, weighted down with slabs of concrete. Rocks had also been wedged behind the wheels to secure them into place. The worker, from Hall Green, took a picture of the trollies in between two parked cars, Birmingham Live reported. He said: "I was driving through Sparkbrook and I saw a parking space with concrete blocks inside trollies. "There was concrete behind the wheels to stop them from rolling away. READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ “They were reserving a decent amount of space to get a car in or a larger vehicle. "It's crazy, it's unacceptable if that is the only space available. There are no road markings on the road. "You can't reserve a space for yourself. “I have seen sofa cushions, cones, bins, bricks etc being used to reserve spaces but this takes it to another level.” DON'T MISSDrivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [SHOCKING]Cheapest place to buy petrol 'to avoid worst fuel price hikes' [INSIGHT]DVLA urges drivers to tax their classic cars even if they are exempt [URGENT] People have been using large objects to save parking spaces for several weeks as parking spaces are often difficult to find. This comes just weeks after Chad Miah was left astonished to see a wheelie bin chained to the ground when he tried to mark in Handsworth. When attending a friend’s wedding, Mr Miah was looking for parking when he discovered the astonishing parking methods. He said: “I went to move the bin, but realised the person who did this had drilled it to the ground with a bolt and hook.  “The bin was attached to a metal chain and had a padlock on it. "They must have gone through some effort to do it, just to save a parking space. I was yanking it, but it wasn't moving. I've seen it all now." "It's pure selfishness. "Parking is a big issue in Handsworth and this particular street is a nightmare to drive down. "We all would like to come home with parking outside our homes, but it's not the case." Speaking at the time, a spokesperson for Birmingham City Council said: “We would ask people to park considerately and respect all road users, and using a wheelie bin to reserve a space on the highway could be deemed an obstruction of the highway." A spokesperson for Birmingham City Council told Express.co.uk: "We would ask people to park considerately and respect all road users, and that using shopping trolleys to reserve a space on the highway could be deemed an obstruction of the highway."