Manchester United are eyeing former Liverpool coach Andy O’Boyle to become their deputy director of football, according to reports. The Red Devils currently have John Murtough at the top of their footballing structure, with Richard Arnold instead focusing more on the commercial side of the game. Yet while they’ve restructured in recent years, they’re primed to do more tinkering as they look to improve going forward. United hired Murtough as their first-ever football director back in March last year. He then proceeded to help the club conduct transfer business, landing the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Jadon Sancho and Raphael Varane while assisting Ed Woodward and Matt Judge. With United continuing to struggle under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick this term, however, they’re still looking to tinker behind the scenes. It was recently reported that United wanted to appoint somebody to assist Murtough. And, now, the Daily Mail have said the Red Devils are tracking former Liverpool coach O’Boyle. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz O’Boyle is currently working as head of elite performance with the Premier League, with the publication saying his main job is to help ‘formulate programmes and initiatives to enhance performance management for things such as fitness testing across the league.’ His background is reportedly ‘steeped in sports science’ but United are appreciative of his experience as they consider contenders for the role. O’Boyle previously worked with United’s academy in 2006 before leaving to join Wrexham’s first-team. He was previously head of sports science at Coventry City prior to joining Liverpool 11 years ago. At Anfield, he worked as first-team fitness coach and also worked with England’s Under-21s side. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message United, for their part, are said to feel Murtough needs help with the huge task of steering the club back to the heights of old. And whether they ultimately hire O’Boyle, with their interest only that at this stage, remains to be seen. Speaking earlier this month, meanwhile, Murtough admitted he was hoping United could finish fourth this term. "We know that consistency is key as we strive for a top-four finish this season," Murtough said. "I want to reiterate however that this is not the ultimate objective for Manchester United, and everyone at the club is focused on challenging for the top trophies. "We are now conducting a thorough process for the appointment of a new permanent manager who will take charge this summer, with the objective to get us back to challenging for those domestic and European titles." Arnold also spoke out. And he insisted that United were planning for a strong future, despite their ongoing issues in the present. "Everyone associated with Manchester United should have belief in the opportunities that lie ahead of us, both on the pitch and in the way we engage and serve our fans," he said. "We have a clear vision and we are implementing a strategy to win with an empowered leadership team to drive that forward. "We will foster a culture of excellence through a world-class football environment, while strengthening the role of fans at the heart of the club and harnessing the power of Manchester United to make a positive impact on people, the environment and society. "All of this will be supported by a sustainable operating model that ensures the club is strong for the present and secure for the future." United are next in action against Leicester on April 2. And they’ll be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened earlier in the season at the King Power Stadium. United lost 4-2 away from home, with Mason Greenwood and Marcus Rashford on target for Solskjaer’s side.