Brendan Cole was off to a shaky start on Dancing On Ice, but week on week has become a fan favourite and gained praise from the judging panel. Swapping one talent show for another, Brendan hung up his Strictly Come Dancing shoes in 2018 and has revealed not every celebrity contestant wanted to appear on the BBC show. Brendan was the first-ever winner on Strictly Come Dancing with his partner Natasha Kaplinsky back in 2004. Currently sitting as the second favourite to win the ITV ice skating show and having been on the professional side, he can sympathise with the champion skaters. The dancing star has opened up about his 15 year run on the show and how not every guest wanted to be there. He said: "To be honest, there were those who entered because they were really up for the challenge and wanted to dance, so were very good. Read More: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera "Others were slightly more hard work, but great fun." As reported by the Daily Star, he added: "Then there were those who had perhaps been pushed into the show by their agents and were initially a bit hesitant but were also great fun. "And then there were other partners who were just not up for the whole thing. The latter takes a lot of time." Hailing originally from New Zealand, the star was a judge on their version of the show from 2005 until 2009. In the history of contestants, Brendan had done relatively well dancing with the likes of Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Kelly Brook, Lulu, Jo Wood and Charlotte Hawkins. Brendan's most consistently high scoring partnership was with presenter Lisa Snowdon. Although he did not reveal exactly who he thinks didn't want to be there, they're some celebrities' performances that will stay firmly in the Strictly hall of fame for being terrible. Susannah Constantine scored only 12 points for her Samba in 2018, Quentin Wilson's season one Cha Cha Cha scored an extremely low eight and Fiona Phillips' Waltz in 2005, which she danced with Brendan, scored only 10. With his dancing taking to the ice, he is impressing onlookers and has made it to the 2022 final. DON’T MISS…The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one [LATEST]Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’[LATEST] Ahead of last weekend's semi final skate, the TV personality took to his social media to show that he was recovering from an injury, but he didn't let that stop him. He will be skating with partner Vanessa Bauer in the final against Regan Gascoigne and his partner Karina Manta, and Kimberly Wyatt and her partner Mark Hanretty. Relieved to have made it to the end of the ITV show, he took to social media to thank his followers and ice partner. Sharing a smiling photo and video with his 93,800 Instagram followers, he said: "Oh my goodness… we made it! "I am a little lost for words but I want to say a massive thank you to all of you who voted for us and have given us this opportunity by putting us into the final! "After nearly 6 months of absolute dedication, we are completely thrilled and overwhelmed to get to write the ‘final’ chapter! "Thank you, thank you thank you." He mentioned everyone in the semi final and ended with: "And a massive thank you to this special young lady @vanessabauer_skates for being the best partner ever… well done V, you deserve this! Wow!!!!" Express.co.uk have reached out to Strictly Come Dancing for comment. Dancing On Ice series 14 concludes Sunday, March 27 on ITV.