Universal Credit claimants are eligible for this “freebie” benefit which could save their household £92 on installation charges. This concession comes from Openreach, the fibre broadband network with most providers operate on. It comes following a report from Ofcom which found that two million households in the UK struggle to afford broadband services. Less than one percent of Universal Credit recipients who are entitled to “social tariffs”, which give discounts on broadband bills, have put forward a claim for them. Katie Milligan, Openreach’s managing director for Customer, Commercial & Propositions explained why the company is opting to help low income households in this way. Ms Milligan said: “We believe everyone in the UK deserves access to decent, reliable and affordable broadband, and we’re working in every community, every day, to help make that a reality – including investing £15billion to build a new ultrafast, ultra-reliable full fibre broadband network to 25 million premises by December 2026. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  “The way we’re regulated means millions of consumers and businesses will continue to benefit from low prices, which are already amongst the lowest in Europe and support strong competition amongst hundreds of providers using our network - but we want to go further. “We hope this offer complements the range of existing support from providers across the industry and helps people who aren’t already online to start benefiting from the wealth of information, connectivity and opportunities that great broadband can deliver.” Details on how to apply for the free broadband installation can be found on Outreach’s website via its Customer Portal. Research conducted by USwitch.com found that the UK only ranked 26th in the world overall for average broadband speed at just 61.69 Mbps. DON'T MISS  Furthermore, the UK made it to the top five in terms of broadband affordability with the average monthly cost coming to £26.39. This is the equivalent of 1.16 percent of the average billpayer’s salary, according to USwitch’s data. Catherine Hiley, broadband expert at Uswitch.com, cited the “deals” on offer to Britons which help lower costs. Ms Hiley explained: “It's fair to say that we have become increasingly dependent on reliable broadband over the last few years.  “While many people have made the switch to working from home, a record number of people have also turned to the internet to stay entertained and connected. “It’s interesting to see that the UK ranks only 26th for median download speed, averaging less than the top-ranking country, Chile. “The download speed in the UK means it would take three minutes and 15 seconds to download a 1500MB film, whereas in Chile it takes just one minute three seconds to download the same size movie. “These figures demonstrate that the UK still has a long way to go in terms of offering fast and reliable speeds.” She added: “On the plus side, the UK ranks fifth for broadband affordability, showing that we have access to plenty of competitive deals, with the average monthly broadband fee costing £26.39 per month. “With a reliable connection quickly becoming a fundamental backbone of almost every aspect of life, the need for seamless broadband connectivity grows even stronger. “If your own broadband isn't up to scratch, or you feel like you're overpaying, then compare ultrafast broadband deals to determine your options.”