Will Smith sparked outrage after reacting to a questionable joke about his wife's hair by punching comedian Chris Rock as he presented an award at the 2022 Oscars. Smith's wife, the actress Jada Pinkett Smith, has been vocal about her struggle with alopecia and she was visibly upset when Rock took a swipe at her. The comedian said he is not planning to press charges against his fellow actor for his reaction, but Good Morning Britain guest Ali Hassan Ali, a former Met Police officer, outlined what punishment Smith might have faced. Speaking to Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley, he suggested the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air and King Richard star could have faced up to "six months in jail" for assaulting Rock. Mr Ali said: "I've talked to ex-colleagues, the Californian Penal Code 240 will state that what he'd done is assault. "You're looking at up to $1,000 in fines, up to six months in a county jail, or both. It's pretty clear that more should've been done." He added: "To be fair, I would reconsider watching Will Smith movies and I'll tell you why. Because you're condoning violence." JUST IN: Project fear in tatters as doom-laden claims of 100k post-Brexit banker exodus 'unfounded' He continued: "What needs to happen is, just like an ordinary person, he needs to face the consequences. "He needs to come out and apologise. We live in a land of law so he needs to be reprimanded, he needs to apologise and be remorseful." The former Met Police officer was also asked whether Smith should return his Oscar for Best Actor, which he was awarded within minutes of hitting Chris Rock. Mr Ali said: "I think if I was in his position, I would give it back. "It's his first Oscar nomination, it's meant to be the pinnacle of his career so it's overshadowed." READ MORE: ‘Stick up for comic - reaction was unreasonable’ Fury as Alan Davies defends Chris Rock During his stint on the stage, Rock compared Smith's wife - who suffers from the medical condition alopecia - to "GI Jane". In a statement posted to Instagram, the actor said: "I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong. "I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness." He continued: "I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL]Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST]Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS] "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us." Smith concluded his apology by saying: "I am a work in progress." The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) said no report had been filed after the incident. "LAPD investigative entities are aware of an incident between two individuals during the Academy Awards programme," a spokesperson for the force told the PA news agency. "The incident involved one individual slapping another. The individual involved has declined to file a police report. "If the involved party desires a police report at a later date, LAPD will be available to complete an investigative report."