Tess Daly took to social media to pose in a swimsuit earlier today as she announced the launch of the latest collection from her swimsuit brand. The presenter shared how the process of creating it “wasn’t easy” but she was very proud of the hard work she’d done. The star is well known for presenting Strictly Come Dancing, as well as being a familiar face on screens. However, Tess has now shared a new career move she’s been focussing on over the past few months. She has been busy working with her colleague Gayle on some new swimsuits for their brand Naia Beach. Posing earlier today in a red swimming costume, Tess shared the news. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**'  She posted a few images of her new creations as well as a snap of her working hard behind the scenes. Alongside these, she wrote: “IT’S HERE. Myself and @Gayle_x_ are so proud to announce the launch of season 2 of our @Naia_Beach collection, La Riviera Collection. “We’ve worked so hard this year to evolve NAIA for the next season, developing new prints and super stylish designs. “We’ll also be bringing back some of our sell-out staples in new colours (hey SELENE swimsuit).   “So here’s hoping for a sun-soaked year!” Tess went on to explain how one of the big things they’ve been working on is making accurate fits for their customers. She continued: “What’s always been at the core of our brand is fit, and making sure everything cuts in the most flattering way, and that’s no exception for this season! “It wasn’t easy to launch our first season during a pandemic (where travel was off the menu) so it’s been incredible to see the range grow and we are SO thankful for your unparalleled support and we love seeing the diverse range of beautiful NAIA women! DON'T MISS... Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]Naga Munchetty addresses BBC Breakfast absence as she slams backlash [INSIGHT]Charlene White bids farewell to broadcaster as they confirm final show [PICTURES]   “Feeling like a proud woman and huge thanks to the women that support us!” Following her announcement, Tess has been inundated with support. Her Strictly co-host Claudia Winkleman shared a series of love heart emojis in response. While Gabby Logan wrote: “Love this in red.” Plenty of her fans also weighed in with their excitement about the launch.  Blondecoffee64 wrote: “Didn’t know this but do now and will definitely have one. Well done.” Melliewoo added: “Tricky to choose a favourite! Love it all. Congratulations.” While Wendyloughlan commented: “I absolutely LOVE every single item from your range and have purchased so many pieces, feminine, stylish, luxurious, the most fabulous fit and just gorgeous!” Earlier this year, Tess also shared some photos on Instagram of them shooting the collection in Dubai. Posting at the end of January, she modelled some of the pieces from the new collection. 