Prince Andrew's plans to attend the memorial for Prince Philip at Westminister Abbey on March 29 has sparked debates on whether the royal should go. The Duke of York, who has stepped down from royal duties and public life, has paid his financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre, bringing the civil sexual assault case against the Queen's second son almost to a close. The Duke has denied all of Ms Giuffre's allegations. Royal biographer Angela Levin has since claimed Andrew was one of Philip's favourites and he should attend the memorial and "behave himself". Speaking to the Jeremy Vine show, Ms Levin said: "[Philip] was absolutely furious with him but again in a strange way, Andrew was one of his favourite children as well because he was macho. "The Queen felt the same about him and I think that he would have actually expected him, if he's done so much wrong he should do the right thing and turn up and behave himself. "Then of course disappear." She added: "I think it's absolutely important particularly as Harry is not going to be there that the rest of his children and grandchildren are there and show how much they loved him." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan mocked over Oscars claim Andrew has since faced calls to confirm how he funded the substantial out-of-court settlement - which is reported to be as much as £12 million - and whether the Queen or even the Prince of Wales contributed to the sum. The Queen receives £21.7 million a year from the Duchy of Lancaster and is believed to use an unknown amount of this private income to fund Andrew's royal duties and part of his private life. This private Duchy income is separate from the taxpayer-funded Sovereign Grant. The Queen receives the Sovereign Grant to fund her official duties as head of state and to maintain the occupied Royal Palaces. No member of the royal family receives a private income from the grant or any other public funds. Buckingham Palace has yet to comment. Clarence House declined to comment as to whether Charles had helped his brother with the payment. Ms Giuffre was suing Andrew for sexual abuse, saying the duke had sex with her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by his friend, the late billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The Queen had already taken steps to distance the royal family from Andrew and protect the monarchy brand. DON'T MISS Prince Charles 'absolutely desperate' to see Archie and Lilibet [VIDEO]Camilla health update: Duchess suffering from 'long Covid' [ANALYSIS]Queen and Prince Philip in heated row with US Secret Service [INSIGHT] She stripped him of his honorary military roles in January, with the duke also giving up using his HRH - a style he was born with. The legal document from Ms Giuffre and the duke's legal team read: "Pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 41(a)(1)(A)(ii), and the parties' settlement agreement dated February 12 2022, Plaintiff Virginia L. Giuffre and Defendant Prince Andrew, Duke of York hereby stipulate to the dismissal of this action, with prejudice. "Each party to bear her/his own costs and fees." Andrew is reportedly in the process of selling his Swiss ski chalet, with the property expected to generate many millions in funds. No member of the royal family receives a private income from the grant or any other public funds. Buckingham Palace has yet to comment. Clarence House declined to comment as to whether Charles had helped his brother with the payment. Ms Giuffre was suing Andrew for sexual abuse, saying the duke had sex with her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by his friend, the late billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The Queen had already taken steps to distance the royal family from Andrew and protect the monarchy brand.