High cholesterol refers to the presence of fatty molecules in the blood, that latch onto arterial walls and cause them to harden over time. Saturated fat is a notorious contributor to the condition, but other medications may also interact negatively with cholesterol. Beta-blockers, a group of medications aimed at reduced blood pressure readings, could significantly reduce HDL cholesterol. In doing so, levels of harmful lipids could rise. High-density lipoprotein (HDL) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL), known as the “good and “bad” cholesterol respectively, are inextricably linked. The latter is directly associated with cardiovascular disease because it hampers vascular health, by padding the vascular walls. The role of HDL cholesterol, however, is to remove bad cholesterol from the body by absorbing the modules and carrying them back to the liver. The liver then flushes the harmful lipids from the body. READ MORE: Cholesterol: The unsaturated fats and oils 'we all need' that make a 'huge difference' According to the Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, Higher levels of HDL cholesterol are associated with a lower risk for heart disease and stroke. Some drugs, such as statins, are positively associated with lower levels of LDL cholesterol in the blood. Other drugs aimed at lowering blood pressure, however, could increase levels of the harmful lipids. VeryWell Health explains: “Beta-blockers are medications that are normally prescribed to treat high blood pressure. “Though they’re commonly used to treat different forms of heart disease, beta-blockers can significantly reduce HDL levels." Among the beta-blockers that cause this are Corgard (nadolol), Inderal (propranolol), Tenormin (atenolol), Zebeta (bisoprolol). These drugs are widely used in the treatment of angina, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, heart attack and high blood pressure. But despite concerns about their effect on cholesterol, scientists stress that the benefits of beta-blockers far outweigh the risks. VeryWell Health adds: “If your beta-blocker affects your cholesterol significantly, your doctor may lower your dose or switch you to a different medication.” Physical activity is key to good health, as exercising several times a week can enhance the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects of HDL cholesterol. But many dietary nutrients are also positively linked to higher levels of HDL cholesterol in the blood. WebMD stresses the importance of choosing good fats, explaining: “The healthier choices are monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats. “You’ll find these in plants, nuts, and fish like salmon or tuna.” But keeping portions small is important when eating such foods, as fats pack many calories in small amounts. Dietary sources that directly impact LDL cholesterol levels include soluble fibre, which expels harmful lipids from the body by binding to them in the digestive tract. Finally, limiting alcohol intake and kicking smoking habits is paramount for managing cholesterol increasing HDL cholesterol.