Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared their mould cleaning advice online, once again. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning influencer with more than 4.4 million followers on Instagram. The cleaning pro rose to fame after she began sharing her cleaning tips and hacks online and on TV. Fans of hers were so inspired by her tips, they set up their own cleaning advice groups on social media to share their own cleaning hacks. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to remove mould from her bathroom ceiling. Lyanda Thomas wrote: “Please can I have some advice on how to get rid of mould on my bathroom ceiling? “Tired many bleach products and always painting over it every couple of months, but nothing seems to work.” Mould isn’t only ugly, it’s a major cause for concern because it can cause health problems. READ MORE: How to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients It tends to spread by shedding spores which can be inhaled and inflame airways, causing a whole range of health concerns. While mould isn’t too tricky to remove from the ceiling, it’s better to prevent the problem from occurring in the first place. Luckily Lyanda’s post was inundated with over 300 comments from fellow cleaning enthusiasts ready to share their top tips. According to Mrs Hinch fans, Cif Mould Removal Spray works the best at removing mould and preventing it from returning. DON'T MISS:  Energy bill rates: Full list of top 11 suppliers [INSIGHT]Gardening: The ‘most effective’ solution for getting rid of all kinds [EXPERT]Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [TIPS] Kim Styles said: “Cif Mould Removal Spray to clean it and it stops it from coming back.” Jayne Marshall suggested: “Use Cif Mould Removal Spray - good stuff. I do my bathroom less than once a year and it keeps it at bay.” Amy Rutter commented: “It’s easy, all you need to use is Cif Mould Removal Spray. It works amazingly and prevents the mould from returning.” Donna Flynn agreed: “Cif Mould Removal Spray works a treat, just spray on the mould and leave for 10 minutes then wipe. “Once the time is up the mould will be gone and it keeps it from coming back.” Liz Connell wrote: “Cif Mould Removal Spray worked on mine and it has never come back.” Vanessa Stewart said: “I’ve found that Cif Mould Removal Spray works a whole lot better than any other cleaning product.” Bushra Goode added: “Using Cif Mould Removal Spray is an easy way to remove ceiling mould. I’ve only used this and I’ve not had any mould issues for over two years now.” Many Mrs Hinch fans suggested using bleach to remove signs of mould on bathroom ceilings. However, many cleaning enthusiasts warned against doing this. Julie Evans advised: “Don’t use bleach on mould ever, it feeds it.” Romany Jade Woolnough commented: “Do not use bleach! Bleach feeds the mould spores. All it does is lighten it.” Sharon Topham added: “Never use bleach, it feeds the mould so that’s why it always comes back.”