Lady Louise wore the equestrian brooch as she attended the memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey. The special piece of jewellery shows a horse head, horseshoe and whip in a nod to the hobby she shared with Philip. Lady Louise wore the carriage driving brooch with an elegant navy blue dress, blazer and hat. She was previously seen in the piece of jewellery for Philip's funeral last April. The 18-year-old attended the memorial service with her parents Prince Edward and Sophie and her brother James, Viscount Severn. Lady Louise inherited her love of carriage driving from her grandfather. Philip's passion for carriage driving was well known and he was often spotted out with his ponies. In the book he wrote about the sport, 30 Years On And Off The Box Seat, he said: "I am getting old, my reactions are getting slower, and my memory is unreliable, but I have never lost the sheer pleasure of driving a team through the British countryside." Philip was forced to give up polo at the age of 50 in 1971 due to his arthritic wrist and decided to find a new sport to focus on. He said: "I suppose I could have left it at that, but I have never felt comfortable as a spectator. READ MORE: Prince Harry made promise to Prince Philip over royal role "It then suddenly occurred to me that this carriage-driving might be just the sport." The Duke continued to compete in demanding carriage driving competitions into his 80s. And Philip still took part non-competitively in his 90s. DON'T MISSPrince Philip memorial LIVE: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [LIVE BLOG]Dr Shola rages in defence of Harry missing Philip memorial [INSIGHT]The touching meaning behind flowers at Prince Philip's memorial [ANALYSIS] The Queen was supported by members of the Royal Family for the memorial service on Tuesday. The determined monarch made her first major official engagement outside of a royal residence for nearly six months in honour of her late husband. She used a walking stick as she arrived with Prince Andrew and made her way to her front row seat. Despite her mobility issues, the nation's longest-reigning head of state stood throughout each hymn. The Queen was sombre as she listened intently to the Dean of Windsor's touching tribute to "remarkable" Philip. During a Bible reading by Dame Sarah Mullally, Dean of the Chapels Royal, the monarch was seen blowing her nose into a tissue. So set was the Queen on attending in remembrance of Philip that special arrangements were put in place for her comfort, including limiting the service to 40 minutes. Confirmation she would be present came only two hours or so before the service began, with the Queen taking the decision in the morning that she would be able to manage the engagement. 