As the cost of living continues to put a strain on peoples’ budgets, Britons are being encouraged to check they are receiving all the financial help they are entitled to. A free bus pass could save Britons thousands of pounds over the course of a year if they meet the following criteria. Campaigners are reminding people there has never been a more important time to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. As well as checking whether they qualify for Universal Credit or Pension Credit, people should also make sure they are making the most of free benefits such as reduced travel. While millions of people could save thousands on bus travel others could apply for a reduction on rail travel. And it’s not just pensioners who could benefit, in total 10 groups of people could be missing out. READ MORE: Council tax: 8 ways to save money on council tax Many jobseekers do not know they can apply for a discount on travel to help them look for work and get to and from interviews. Britons on Universal Credit who are looking for work are entitled to a 50 percent discount on train and bus travel to help them get back into work. At the same time take up is low in some areas when it comes to the disabled person's bus pass. Their carers could also be entitled to free bus travel depending on where they live. DON'T MISS:Sunak launches new inheritance tax and capital gains tax grab in April [UPDATE]Council tax: How Britons could slice tax bill [INSIGHT]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 [ALERT] What groups qualify for a free bus pass? Meanwhile, pensioners in England currently become eligible for their free bus pass when they reach 66-years old. However, the Government is planning to increase the state pension age to 67 and then 68-years-old which will mean millions will have to wait longer for their pension and their free bus pass. In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland older people only have to wait until they’re 60. It’s also possible to travel for free when residents reach 60 in some parts of the UK such as London. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To apply for a free bus pass people can go to the Government's official website. Britons can also contact their local council to find out what discounted travel schemes are available in their area. In Scotland, people can apply for a younger person’s bus pass by going to the Transport Scotland website. Jobseekers can speak to their work coach or leave a note in their journal.