Managing Director of Hopes Grove Nurseries in Kent, Morris Hankinson, has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how to choose the best wisteria to plant now. Morris said wisteria is grown for its “sumptuous long flower clusters”. He described them as the “perfect plant to clothe a sunny wall”. Morris continued: “We’re coming into a good time of year for planting. “One of the plants for now is wisteria. “They’re not flowering just yet but they will be in the not too distant future.” There are two types of wisteria that are commonly grown in the UK - wisteria sinensis and wisteria floribunda. READ MORE: 'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway However, Morris said it’s important to know “exactly what you’re getting” when buying a wisteria plant otherwise you could be left with poor flowers. He continued: “Wisteria is a funny plant because a lot of nurseries sell cheap, nasty ones that are grown from seed. “They don’t have the best flowers on them. “What you want is to buy a grafted one and my tip is to buy it from a nursery where you can see the flowers already on it. DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [UPDATE]‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [ANALYSIS] “Then you know exactly what you’re getting.” Morris said they won’t be flowering “just yet” but it’s a “good time of year” to be planting wisterias. The gardening expert recommended planting them either next to a sunny wall or by a sunny pergola. Wisteria is a deciduous, climbing shrub so needs to be planted next to somewhere robust for it to climb. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The plant loves moist, well-drained soil and likes to be positioned in either a south-facing or west-facing direction. Wisteria can be planted from January to April and flowers from May to June. It needs pruning in February and August, and can also be planted in October through to December. Wisteria can be grown in containers, however, this is more high maintenance.  If grown in a pot, the plant has to be regularly pruned to ensure it remains growing as a standard tree. The plant needs to be fed monthly during the growing season with high potash fertiliser. This will encourage the plant to produce more flowers. High potash plant food means it has a high level of potassium.