Red Bull have broken F1’s strict curfew rules and have lost one of their eight exemptions for the 2022 season, handing an advantage to Ferrari and Mercedes. A statement from F1 technical delegate Jo Bauer said the team were inside the “confines of the circuit” after hours. The statement reads: “Last Wednesday, team personnel of the Oracle Red Bull Racing team, who are associated with the operation of the car, were within the confines of the circuit during the 13-hour period which commenced at 23:00 (local time) on 23 March, 42 hours before the scheduled start time of P1, and ends 29 hours before the scheduled start time of P1 at 12:00 on 24 March.“This was the fist of eight individual exemptions permitted for the Oracle Red Bull Racing team during the 2022 Formula One Championship season and therefore no action should be taken.”Teams are allowed eight exemptions to the curfew to spend extra time working on the car. READ MORE: Red Bull release statement that will delight Max Verstappen It means Red Bull have one fewer than many of their rivals for the remainder of the 2022 campaign which could prove vital towards the end of the season. It comes after Red Bull desperately looks for a fix to their new car after their fuel pump issues in Saudi Arabia.Max Verstappen was forced to retire the car with just a handful of laps remaining despite running in second. Meanwhile, Sergio Perez spun at turn one just minutes later while running in third.The double retirement scuppered the chance for the team to score around 30 points which would have left them second in the points standings. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen sticks to his guns in brutal Red Bull assessment  [INSIGHT]Hamilton handed Verstappen blow as Red Bull ‘make several changes' [COMMENT]Verstappen angered Italian press with Ferrari 'cheating' claim [ANALYSIS] Verstappen has hit out at his Red Bull team after the incident, claiming the issue “shouldn’t happen”. Red Bull have since warned they have diagnosed the issue and claim “necessary steps” have been taken to solve it. They claim the team was expecting “no problems” in Saudi Arabia.They said: “Both cars suffered from a lack of fuel pressure last weekend. The correct amount of fuel was in both cars, but a vacuum prevented the pumps from drawing fuel and delivering it to the engine. We’ve taken the necessary steps to correct this issue and we expect no problems this weekend”.Last week, Ted Kravtiz claimed the fuel pump was a “common part” issued by the FIA meaning it could affect other teams.