Marcus Rashford could now be set to lose his place in the England squad as Gareth Southgate reportedly considers axing the Manchester United forward. The 24-year-old has started just two of the past 11 Premier League games for the Red Devils but things could now be about to get even worse for the attacker, who has struggled for form and confidence. After being dropped for the Manchester derby, reports emerged on Monday claiming that Rashford was set to consider his future at Old Trafford due to his lack of playing time. The MBE winner has found it hard to win over interim boss Ralf Rangnick, who is continuing to demand more from his frontman in their pursuit of a top-four finish. However, Rashford is seemingly not prepared to stick around if he is no longer enjoying his football. International football is set to return later this month for the first time since November.  READ MORE: Gary Neville issues damning verdict on Marcus Rashford 'considering Man Utd future' England will be taking on Switzerland and Ivory Coast in friendlies at Wembley but Rashford now looks set to miss out. According to ESPN, Southgate is weighing up leaving Rashford out of his squad for the matches. The Three Lions boss has previously his ruthless streak on several occasions, dropping the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold, Kieran Trippier and Jadon Sancho from squads. Now Rashford looks the latest star set for a sobering reality check.  DON'T MISSManchester United must launch inquest into Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka transfersMan Utd 'contact Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag' with new favourite to take jobGary Neville issues damning verdict on Marcus Rashford 'considering Man Utd future' With the likes of Sancho and Jarrod Bowen continuing to sparkle, Southgate's hand could be forced. Rashford has been a mainstay in Southgate's England set-up ever since his appointment and was named in the final squads for the World Cup and European Championships. He has remained on the fringes of the team though, failing to fully establish himself as a regular starter. There will now be concerns about his prospects of making the squad for the World Cup in Qatar, should his current rut continue. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Rangnick believes Rashford can turn to his compatriot and close friend Sancho for aspiration in his bid to turn things around. "We had a very similar situation, if I remember, with Jadon six or seven weeks ago,” Rangnick said at the end of February. "He is the best example of what can happen, again it’s the player himself who has to perform and get the best out of his own performance – and this is the same with Marcus." Rashford has managed just four Premier League goals this season after averaging 13 per season in his last three campaigns.