Arsenal could be set to land another significant windfall after opening talks with Fiorentina over the permanent sale of Lucas Torreira. The midfielder is currently on loan with the Serie A outfit until the end of the season. The Gunners inserted an option into Torreira’s deal that would allow La Viola to sign the 25-year-old for €15million (£12.6m). While that is a significant reduction on the £25m fee the club paid back in 2018 for the Uruguayan, it would represent a win-win situation for both clubs. Torreira has rediscovered his passion for the game playing in Italy after falling out of favour under Mikel Arteta at the Emirates Stadium. The ex-Sampdoria ace has scored three goals in 24 appearances for the club this season, playing a key role for the Italian club. JUST IN: Arteta makes Liverpool confession with challenge set for Arsenal Torreira has stated that he is happy with life in Florence and hopes his parent club will allow him to move on after struggling to settle in England. “I have rediscovered my joy both on and off the pitch,” he told Sky Sport Italia. “My future doesn't depend on me, because Arsenal still own my contract. I am sure they will reach an agreement.” Fiorentina are keen to snap up Torreira, who spent last season on loan at Atletico Madrid, but are hopeful of knocking down his asking price. MUST READ Arsenal warned they 'have to' keep star likened to Kane and FirminoArteta piles pressure on Arsenal stars in Champions League claimArsenal urged to beat Liverpool to £67.5m goalscoring midfielder According to Italian transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, Arsenal are ‘open’ to selling Torreira, although the club are likely to demand his buy-out clajuse is met in full. If the sale goes through, it would mark another welcome exit for Arsenal, who are preparing to hand Arteta another transfer war chest to strengthen his squad this summer. Arteta spent the most of any Premier League manager last summer, splashing out £150m on six new signings — with Ben White the most expensive arrival at £50m from Brighton. The Spaniard is likely to target a striker after missing out on Dusan Vlahovic and Alexander Isak in the January transfer window. But with the north London side on course to secure Champions League qualification, they could be set for a hefty windfall of income in prize money in addition to player sales. Arsenal have already offloaded Matteo Guendouzi to Marseille on a permanent deal after the Frenchman was frozen out under Arteta and loaned to the Ligue 1 club. And selling Torreira would boost the club’s coffers with another £12.6m, taking their income from player sales to £23m. The club have also made huge savings on their wage bill after allowing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Sead Kolasinac and Calum Chambers to terminate their contracts and leave on free transfers. Aubameyang is understood to have earned £250,000-a-week before he left for Barcelona, Kolasinac £100,000-a-week and Chambers £60,000-a-week. Taking into account Torreira’s weekly salary, it means Arsenal could save over £25m on their wage budget for this calendar year. And while that is not likely to be enough to fund Arsenal's move for a striker, it will go some way to contributing to the funds.