The eyes of the world have been on Vladimir Putin in recent weeks after the Russian president invaded Ukraine, causing hundreds of civilian deaths and one than one million people to flee the country to seek refuge elsewhere. And with interest turning to his personal life, many would be shocked to discover it’s heavily rumoured he enjoyed a fling with Pamela Anderson. Baywatch actress Pamela has always refused to give a firm answer when quizzed on whether her relationship with Putin was purely platonic. They first made contact with each other in Moscow when the 54-year-old begged the president to ban seal clubbing in Russia, and to stop importing them into the country. Sure enough, Putin banned the practice in 2009, shortly after their meeting. In 2015, Pamela wrote Putin a letter urging him to end the whale meat trade, requesting he block a shipping vessel carrying 1,700 tons of endangered fin whale meat from passing through Russia to Japan.  "I believe that we both share a mutual love for animals and a deep respect for nature and for this reason I would like to make a personal request to you, on behalf of endangered Fin whales,” she begged. As a result, Putin invited Pamela to the Kremlin to discuss the issue together. During her interview on Piers Morgan’s Life Stories, Pamela became giggly when grilled on Putin. “Have you and Vladimir Putin ever…?” asked Piers.  “No, but he wanted me to come to his inauguration and give him flowers, I was going to give him flowers on his inauguration,” blushed Pamela. “No, I didn’t do that. Obviously we have been in the same place together sometimes,” she added. Piers continued: “We are in a studio and I am trying to ascertain exactly your relationship with President Vladimir Putin?" The mother-of-two soon replied: "I have a great relationship with Russia. Yes." DON’T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS]Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [LATEST] In a promotional interview for the episode, Piers said Pamela had “hinted at a bit of romance” with Putin. Pamela, who has two sons named Brandon and Dylan, also praised Russia for its “forward thinking” when it comes to environmental issues. The vegan activist told the Daily Beast: "I’ve spoken at the Kremlin a few times with the minister of the environment, and they’ve made such great changes when it comes to protecting endangered species. "It’s a different way of doing business there, obviously, and I don’t agree with everything, but the things that I’ve been involved in there, things move very fast and it’s good to see that they’re so forward-thinking when it comes to the environment." The star added that when she arrives in Russia she is jokingly asked: “Well, what has he done wrong this time?” "We're programmed in America to think that if anything’s gone wrong it’s Russia's fault," she added. "People just think Russians are very scary and stoic but they can be very emotional, very engaged and wanting to do the right thing. “It’s annoying. America can be very annoying, how everything is so anti-Russia."