Nick Kyrgios has opened up on his new mindset after recovering from a frustrating, tight loss against Rafael Nadal to stun world No 7 Andrey Rublev in Miami. The 26-year-old reached the quarter-finals of Indian Wells last week before narrowly losing to the Spaniard but has bounced back to reach round three of the Miami Open by demolishing the fifth seed 6-3 6-0 in 51 minutes. Kyrgios is playing just his third tournament in six months after ending his 2021 season early with a foot injury. He ran into the highest seed at the Australian Open in the second round but went on to pick up the doubles title alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis, then equalled his career-best showing in Indian Wells by reaching the quarter-final, where he suffered a narrow three-set defeat to Nadal. The current world No 102 had broken early in the match and had the chance to serve for the first set but was broken by the Spaniard who took it in a tiebreak, and Kyrgios forced a decider but was bested by the world No 3. After the match, Kyrgios threw his racket in frustration and narrowly missed hitting a ball boy. He met the ball boy in person the following day to apologise and gift him a racket but was fined £15,000 ($20,000) for unsportsmanlike conduct over the incident. While the loss was tough for the Aussie to digest in the moment, he has been talking up his newfound positive mindset in recent weeks and showed it in action when he arrived in Miami and managed to scalp a top ten player just seven days later. Kyrgios overcame Adrian Mannarino 7-6(3) 6-3 to set up a blockbuster clash with the fifth seed but blew Rublev off the court in a 51 minute masterclass, winning 6-3 6-0 after going down 1-2 with a break to start the match. JUST IN: Andy Murray on 'borrowed time' as Grand Slam claim made  Speaking after the match, the former world No 13 explained how he managed to get himself to a better place, not letting the Nadal match affect him despite receiving the unsportsmanlike conduct fine plus a £4,000 ($5,000) audible obscenity fine hours before taking to the court against Rublev. "I am at peace with everything off the court. I am in the right mindset," Kyrgios told AFP. Touching on his loss to Nadal he added: "It’s just one match. I was lucky to get through the first round and today I played great." The six-time singles title winner also revealed he had put a lot of work in during the off-season to get himself in the best shape to compete, which has already paid off with his Aussie Open doubles win. “I’ve had the biggest pre-season ever. I’ve trained hard and in the best shape I’ve been in for a while," he said. DON'T MISSRaducanu fires back after Brit warned players are losing 'respect'Djokovic left in limbo over US Open after New York mayor decisionTsitsipas 'not focusing' on succeeding Federer, Nadal and Djokovic  Kyrgios has long been known for his ability to produce exceptional performances against the top players, holding a winning head-to-head record against the likes of world No 1 Novak Djokovic. But the recent Australian Open doubles champion admitted he was no longer going between the "rollercoaster" of mixed emotions that come with incredible wins and tough losses. "I’m in a better space with my family. I could put it down to a few things," he said of his new attitude to his game. "I’ve been on tour for nine years. I know some weeks will be incredible and some will be shocking. I’m not on that rollercoaster life anymore where I really enjoy those highs and almost drown my sorrows with the lows. That’s healthier for me." 