Formula 1 drivers were said to have ‘had concerns’ about their safety ahead of this weekend’s Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. There had been fears the race would not go ahead following a missile strike that hit the Jeddah area on Friday. A huge blaze broke out after the attack on an oil storage facility just six miles from the F1 track, with smoke seen billowing overhead during the first practice session. The missle attack put the race in serious jeopardy, however, following extensive talks from race organisers and drivers - which went on late into the night - it was confirmed the race would go ahead. Despite being given the green light, a number of the drivers were said to have ‘had concerns’ about their safety, according to a BBC report. As a result, the drivers and team bosses were called into the meeting with Formula 1 president Stefano Domenicali and managing director Ross Brawn. The discussions went on for around four hours and finally came to a close at 2:30am local time. A number of team bosses exited the meeting to remarkably confirm: “We will be racing.” The BBC report claims that F1 drivers were still concerned but were convinced after being given extra information, including a warning about the consequences of not racing. Following the decision to race, Formula 1 confirmed: “Formula 1 has been in close contact with the relevant authorities following the situation that took place today. "The authorities have confirmed that the event can continue as planned and we will remain in close contact with them and all the teams and closely monitor the situation." These comments were then also echoed by FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem, who said: “They are targeting the infrastructure, not the civilians, and, of course, not the track. We've checked the facts and we've got assurances from the highest level that this is a secure place. Let's go on racing."  Despite the chaos, practice was able to still go ahead in spite of the delay, and once again it was Ferrari and Charles Leclerc who came out on top. The Bahrain Grand Prix winner was the man to post the fastest time in second practice, as he came in 0.14 ahead of world champion Max Verstappen. Leclerc's teammate Carlos Sainz was the man who came in third before Verstappen's fellow Red Bull driver Sergio Perez posted the fourth-fastest time. It was another frustrating day for Mercedes though, as Lewis Hamilton was only able to finish the session fifth quickest before his new team-mate George Russell came in behind in sixth.