Bridgerton fans were thrilled the second season of the Netflix phenomenon landed on the streaming giant on Saturday. While the storyline centres around some new faces such as Kate Sharma (played by Simone Ashley) and her sister Edwina (Charithra Chandran), season one favourites such as Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and Lady Danbury (Adjoa Andoh) have returned. During a Loose Women interview about the drama, Lady Danbury actress Adjoa Andoh opened up about living with a certain health condition. The mother-of-three spoke to the Loose Women panel on Monday about starring in Bridgerton for the highly anticipated second season which focuses on Anthony's quest to find the perfect wife. However, the character soon finds himself in a complicated love triangle with newcomers Kate and Edwina who have travelled over to the UK from India. Lady Danbury is the character who has taken the two sisters under her wing at her stately home during their visit. While she comes across as stern with the women, Lady Danbury is a romantic at heart who wants what is best for them. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn  After speaking to the Loose Women panel about her Bridgerton character, Adjoa opened up about having dyspraxia. "Yes, I was diagnosed as an adult but I wasn't even diagnosed," she explained to the panel, as she found out through her daughter. She continued: "It was my eldest daughter, she's a big grown-up mother of her own and school teacher now, but when she was at her nursery in the 1980s it just happened that a young woman came along who was doing her PhD in occupational therapy. "She got all the kids to do all of these different tests and my daughter came back stratospherically off the charts with dyspraxia.   "I was like, 'Oh she is just like I was a kid', but I didn't think there was anything to it. "I was the kid who, when they were picking school teams for sports, it would be me and the girl with tremendously thick glasses who would be left to be picked because everybody knew that I was hopeless." Dyspraxia is also known as developmental coordination disorder and it affects movement and coordination. It can impact people's coordination skills with tasks which require balance, sports or learning to drive. DON'T MISS...Bridgerton season 3: Will Eloise Bridgerton marry Theo Sharpe? [LATEST]Bridgerton 'blunder': Experts point out Lady Danbury inaccuracy [EXPLAINER]Who does Edwina Sharma marry in Bridgerton? [SPOILER] A handful of famous faces live with the condition including, Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe, model and actress Cara Delevigne and Florence + the Machine lead singer Florence Welch. Actress Adjoa previously admitted her dyspraxia would prevent her from joining the next season of Strictly Come Dancing. The BBC ballroom competition wrapped up its 19th series last year, with EastEnders actress Rose Ayling-Ellis and her professional partner Giovanni Pernice taking home the Glitterball Trophy. Strictly’s milestone 20th series will take place later this year but the official celebrity line-up has yet to be announced.  Sadly, Adjoa had to shut down the rumours she could be putting on her dancing shoes when the show returns. While the actress has tried her hand at dancing while on the Bridgertson set, performing on stage to a live audience comes with its own set of challenges. She told Good Morning Britain viewers last month: “What it actually means is your balance is sort of out of kilter. “I have to practise a lot with props. I have to really focus on dance moves. Any physical stuff like that I need lots and lots of repetition.” Loose Women continues on weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.  