Barcelona playmaker Philippe Coutinho is facing the biggest decision of his career after starting his loan spell at Aston Villa in mesmerising form. The Brazil international has reignited his career in the west Midlands after it had stalled at the Nou Camp. Coutinho was once regarded as one of the best attackers in the world as he took the Premier League by storm throughout a five-year spell with Liverpool. During his time at Anfield, the 29-year-old racked-up 54 goals and 45 assists in 201 appearances. And he played a key role as the Reds came within a whisker of winning the Premier League title in 2014 under Brendan Rodgers. But they were ultimately pipped to the post by Manchester City after winning just one of their last three matches. Coutinho called time on his Liverpool career in January 2018 as Barcelona signed him in a deal worth £142million. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'   And he was tipped to kick on in Spain after contributing seven goals and six assists for the Catalan giants in the second part of the 2017/18 season. But Coutinho failed to hit the heights expected of him at the Nou Camp and also suffered with a number of injury problems during his time at the club. After spending a season on loan with Bayern Munich, Coutinho returned to Barcelona in 2020, but spent much of his time warming the bench. And his career was on a slippery downhill slope until former Liverpool team-mate Steven Gerrard came knocking. Gerrard had played alongside the star on Merseyside for two years and clearly knew what he was capable of. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision      And the former England midfielder thrashed out a deal to bring the Brazilian to Villa Park less than two months after being appointed as Villans boss. Coutinho has hit the ground running at Villa and has racked up three goals and three assists in his seven appearances for the club. The ace scored on his debut against Manchester United, before finding the back of the net during victories over Leeds United and Southampton. And he is playing with a smile on his face once again - so he could be tempted to make Villa Park his permanent home. But Coutinho is reported to earn a staggering £480,000 per week at Barcelona.   And he would clearly have to take a significant pay cut to sign for Villa at the end of the season. Villa won’t be playing in Europe either next season so Coutinho would have to be willing to turn his back on Champions League football to make England his home for a second time. With his 30th birthday approaching, Coutinho will have to quickly decide where he wants his career to take him and what parts of it are the most important aspect. Villa have an option to buy him for £33.4m in the summer. But Gerrard could find himself playing a waiting game before Coutinho decides his next move. “For me it doesn't make any sense to make any decisions now,” Gerrard said this week. “When he's physically in the right place, when he's comfortable and happy and enjoying his football, we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 