The Foreign Secretary gave an impassioned speech at the Conservative Party spring conference in support of Ukraine. Liz Truss lashed out at "horrible scenes" in Ukraine as she insisted more must be done. She said: "We're using our Brexit freedoms to strike new trade deals, slash red tape and create new freeports. "We're ending our dependency on authoritarian regimes. "The West focussed on cheap goods at the expense of freedom and security, never again. "We're banning Russian oil from our markets, we've ripped Huawei out of our phone networks and we have new vigilance on our critical supply chains. "We have seen the most horrific, horrible scenes in Ukraine. READ MORE: 'Must be seriously ill' Putin health centre of attention at rally "We have seen a war in Europe for the first time in decades and we have seen incredibly bravery from the Ukrainians and deeds of valour that will be written about for generations to come. "Britain has stepped up, now we must do even more. "Putin must lose in Ukraine and with Britain at the forefront, we will ensure he does." It comes as Boris Johnson said Vladimir Putin's brutal invasion of his neighbour was motivated by the fear a successful Ukraine would trigger a pro-democracy revolution in Moscow. The Prime Minister said Mr Putin was in a "total panic" about the prospect of a popular uprising if freedom was allowed to flourish in Kyiv. Mr Johnson said the war was a "turning point for the world", forcing countries to stand up to Russia rather than "making accommodations with tyranny". Failure to support Ukraine now would result in a "new age of intimidation across eastern Europe from the Baltic to the Black Sea". In a speech at the Conservative Party spring conference in Blackpool, Mr Johnson said Mr Putin's actions were not the result of concern about Nato - "he didn't really believe that Ukraine was going to join Nato any time soon" - or the prospect of Western missiles being based there. DON'T MISS 'Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia!' Boris mocks Putin claims [VIDEO]Russian astronauts light up the ISS by wearing Ukraine colours [INSIGHT]'Shoot anything that f******g moved!' Noel Gallagher on WW3 fear [ANALYSIS] He also dismissed Mr Putin's "crazy essay" about the historical unity of the people of the two countries as "semi-mystical guff" and "Nostradamus meets Russian Wikipedia". "I think he was frightened of Ukraine for an entirely different reason," Mr Johnson said to an audience including Kyiv's representative in the UK, Vadym Prystaiko. "He was frightened of Ukraine because in Ukraine they have a free press and in Ukraine they have free elections." It is "precisely because Ukraine and Russia have been so historically close that he has been terrified of the effect of that Ukrainian model on him and on Russia".