The Holiday is a four-part drama that sees a group of family and friends venture off on a breakaway, hoping for some relaxation time. Unfortunately, not everything goes to plan as Kate (played by Jill Halfpenny) discovers her husband slept with one of her best friends years before but are even more secrets ready to come out? Here's everything there is to know about the filming locations for The Holiday. The Holiday shows the group getting away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life by travelling abroad. They rent out a beautiful villa on the island of Malta in the Mediterranean. Things quickly go from bad to worse as more lies are exposed and cracks begin to show, starting off with Sean's (Owen McDonnell) affair with one of Kate's friends. But as the show has already teased, the holiday away will result in someone's body being found at the bottom of a cliff. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series The Holiday is set in Malta where it was also filmed, with the island south of Sicily. Shooting for the series took place over a five-week period, kicking off in April 2021. But with many shows filmed during this time, it wasn't the easiest of experiences as Malta was in the middle of a lockdown. This meant the cast and crew had to spend 14 days in isolation before production could begin. Speaking at a Q&A about the experience, actress Halfpenny said: "We were working six-day weeks, so we had to just go to set, film, and go back to our hotel rooms. "There was a beach right outside the hotel, but police were patrolling it, making sure people wore masks, so it wasn’t very relaxing! "We would much rather be working in those conditions than not working at all though, so we were all still really pleased to be out there. "It was a shame not to be able to go to a nice local restaurant though, we knew the hotel menu off by heart by the end and couldn’t face another curry." DON'T MISS...Danny Sebastian partner: Who is Bargain Hunt's Danny Sebastian with? [RELATIONSHIP]Peaky Blinders season 6: Alfie's death sealed after Tommy betrayal? [THEORY]The Dropout actress admits to 'obsession' with female fraudsters [CAST] EastEnders and Waterloo Road star Halfpenny takes on the lead role of Kate in The Holiday. Last year, she starred in another Channel 5 thriller, The Drowning, which was well received by viewers. Acting alongside her in The Holiday though are McDonnell, Liv Mjönes as Jenny, Aidan McArdle as Alistair, Siobhan Hewlett as Rowan and Cat Simmons as Izzy. Unlike other series, viewers won't have to wait very long for the big finale. The Holiday premiered on Tuesday, March 1, on Channel 5. The mini-series is going to be made up of four episodes in total with a new instalment airing every night. This means the final episode will be shown on Friday, March 4. The Holiday continues on Wednesday, March 2, at 9pm on Channel 5.