Karen Pittman played Willa Hayes in Paramount Network's hit Yellowstone. Created by Taylor Sheridan, the actress played antagonists for multiple episodes in season three of the show and was a thorn in the Dutton family's side. Although she did not appear in season four, her character could pop up in the show's upcoming fifth season. However, the star has been busy in her time away from the show and has just signed on to work with Hallmark on a project that celebrates black women. Karen Pittman can most recently be seen in the Sex and the City TV series reboot And Just Like That... She appears as Dr Nya Wallace, a professor at Columbia Law School and a connection to Miranda Hobbes (Cynthia Nixon). Before that, she was a news segment producer on Apple TV's The Morning Show. With a string of successful TV shows now under her belt after exiting from Yellowstone, she has teamed up with Hallmark movies. Read More: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi Franklin blames her for losing baby?  Hallmark is bringing their Mahogany brand to the screen with the movie Unthinkably Good Things. The Mahogany Writing Community is a growing community that celebrates black womanhood, and through this, they produce unique cards. With this sub-brand at its core, Hallmark will create new originals under the Hallmark Movies & Mysteries‘ Mahogany banner, which will continue to celebrate the values of family, community, and love from the perspective of the Black community. The 45-year-old will play the film's leading lady Alison.  Appearing alongside her in this first of its kind Hallmark project are Erica Ash, Joyful Drake, Jermaine Love and Lance Gross. Unthinkably Good Things' synopsis reads: "At a crossroads in her career and love life, Allison( Played by Karen Pittman) is in need of the love and support of her two friends Melina (Joyful Drake) and Reesa (Erica Ash). "When they visit her in Tuscany, the reunion causes each woman to reexamine the state of her own life and relationships. "While they have different personalities and perspectives, they know each other’s truths and help to make life-changing decisions." DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne Battersby [SPOILERS]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST] The star took to social media to also share the good news and posting so 46,000 Instagram followers could see, she said: "I couldn’t be more proud and excited to be working with @hallmarkmahogany @kroniclemedia @cattleya_produzione on @cassigers “Unthinkably Good Things,” directed by @terrijvaughn and starring some truly incredible artists including @theericaash @joyfuldrake and @lucasetaofficial. "Check my InstaStory for some of the deets and a link to this exclusive article at @variety @selomeee." Fans flooded in to celebrate with her and all involved in the project. @wholebeingalignment commented: YESSSSSS KAREN - deeply joyful to see your beautiful gifts out there." Her The Morning Show costar Nestor Carbonell commented: "Congratulations, Karen."  