Some people may be surprised to find they do not get as much state pension as they expected, so it is important to check in advance to avoid disappointment. A free service allows Britons to do this. The Government provides a service whereby people can get a forecast containing various information about their state pension. It can be accessed online via the Gov.uk website. The forecast tool can be used to find out how much state pension someone could get when they reach state pension age. They may also discover whether they could possibly increase their state pension entitlement and if so, how to do it. READ MORE: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit as cost of living crisis continues to bite Finally, they can check when they are expected to be eligible for their state pension. The service cannot be used by people who are already getting their state pension or who have deferred it. The full new state pension is currently worth £179.60 a week, or £9,339.20 a year. However, it increases every year by a minimum of 2.5 percent a year under the terms of the state pension triple lock policy. DON'T MISSState pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year - ‘pure discrimination' [REACTION]NHS prescription charges from April 2022 confirmed but free prescription age fears remain [WARNING]Debt management: Money problems? Three ways to take control of your personal finances [INSIGHT] The forecast does not take into account any potential future increases to the state pension, so the amount it estimates someone will receive may not be completely correct. People may be denied the full new state pension based on their National Insurance record. A total of 35 qualifying years could be needed on someone’s record to get the full new state pension. Britons can use the service to find out whether they could increase their state pension entitlement by improving their National Insurance record. This may potentially be done by claiming certain benefits with attached National Insurance credits, or by paying voluntary contributions. The state pension age is currently 66 in the UK for both men and women, with this being the earliest point Britons can start receiving their state pension. However, this is scheduled to rise to age 67 by 2028. The state pension age is then set to increase again to 68 by 2046. The Government advises that the fastest way to get a forecast is through the online service, but there are other options available. People who will reach state pension age in more than 30 days can also: