Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel continue to impress viewers with their impeccable grand designs in their Château-de-la-Motte Husson in France, which they bought in 2014 for £280,000. During an episode of their fly-on-the-wall Channel 4 show, the father of four ignored his wife when she came up with a new vision to create a celestial-inspired sky bar in their newly discovered attic. Roofer mate Steve was removing the old slates on the house when he exposed an area that hadn't seen the light of day in over 150 years It was a large room above the attic floor that ran from the front to the back of the house. While looking around, the vintage clad red-head, who was blown away by the space and pleaded with her partner: “Can we have a sky bar in here?” However, Dick didn’t respond and continued to look out at the views from the window as Angel and their friend Steve began to giggle. READ MORE:Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show The engineer uttered: “The pointing doesn’t look terrible on that.” The fabric designer began to visualise the room with a “balcony and a big telescope” to admire the views. Angel, unable to believe their hidden treasure, remarked: 'When you said an attic, I thought you meant a little room you could barely stand up in. “It's completely beautiful up here,” she told her husband. Unfortunately for Dick, his idea to use the space for storage was pushed aside as Angel’s vision began to grow the more she inspected the room. She gushed: “This is stunning. I understand we need to plasterboard it and insulate it, but I'd hate to get rid of all this shape. As she continued to circulate the room, she remarked: “That's just covering over the character.” Dick was initially reluctant to listen to his wife, but eventually, he gave in to her to pleas.  Later on in the programme, the MBE said he was struggling to face the mammoth task of building a bar in the chateau's dingy attic. One of the earliest jobs in the room was insulating the space with silver insulation. Despite her husband’s reservations, Angel enjoyed watching it transform saying: “It does feel very galaxy-like!” The 62-year-old suggested: “This wall could be studded and insulated while that wall could be. “But the two left and right don't have to be, and they don't have to be because they are internal walls.” After Dick added a staircase to better access to the space, the 43-year-old stylist began furnishing the newly renovated bar. However, viewers were left blown away by the final result when she added a gold galaxy-like mural on a navy feature wall and decorated disco balls to look like planets that were hung from the ceiling. Speaking about the result, Angel beamed: “There is something about this room that is so magical - because it's ours. I actually feel like I'm in a nightclub, all these gorgeous lights and glitter balls.” Escape To The Chateau is available to stream on All4