Latest maps from WXCHARTS shows a huge band of rain quickly barrelling over the Atlantic towards Northern Ireland and Scotland on Tuesday evening. This Atlantic weather system quickly makes its presence felt at around 9am on Wednesday, with much of the UK being lashed by rainfall. It will be heaviest in North East England around Newcastle, with as much as 4mm of rain falling. But more torrential rain travelling northwards through Europe then smashes into the south coast by 3pm during that same day, with more than 5mm of rain threatening large parts of the Midlands. Met Office Meteorologist Alex Deakin warned a colder weather front pushing southwards across the UK on Tuesday night into Wednesday morning could "clash" with a warm front from the south. He warned the combination of the warmer air colliding with the colder conditions from the weather front in the north "will spark some potentially heavy rain in places". Mr Deakin further warned that although there is still some uncertainty about the position of these weather fronts, the UK could be hit with "heavy bursts of rain", with the Midlands as well as eastern and northern England seeing the worst of it. The Met Office Meteorologist said: "This weather front in the north will continue to push southwards on Tuesday night into Wednesday but at the same time, a warm front approaches from the south. "It's a warm front so there is some pretty warm air tucked in behind it but it's that clash of the warmer air hitting the colder conditions from the weather front further north that will spark some potentially heavy rain in places. "A lot has got to come together for that to happen so there is still a lot of uncertainty about the position of these weather fronts and that will make a big difference to the temperatures. "We could see some heavy bursts of rain, particularly over the Midlands as well as over eastern and northern England for a time on Wednesday." READ MORE: BBC Weather: Carol Kirkwood warns mercury to plummet as snow hits UK AccuWeather Meteorologist Joe Curtis told Express.co.uk an area of low pressure spreading across the UK on Tuesday will bring rain that will last through until Wednesday, with between 6mm and 12mm of rain falling. He said: "An area of low pressure will bring rain to the UK beginning Tuesday night. "The rain will last through Wednesday, and then much of the country will begin to dry out Wednesday night. "Rainfall amounts will not be substantial from this storm. Totals will likely range from 6 to 12 mm across the country." DON'T MISSUK long-range weather: 40mm downpours to strike in mid-March [FORECAST]UK snow forecast: Maps show exact day snow will hit London in March [MAPS]UK storm today: What time will HUGE cyclone hit UK? [LATEST] Netweather Senior Meteorologist Jo Farrow forecast a "frontal band from the Atlantic" that will bring with it rain and colder air but with warmer air coming in from the south. The rain could turn heavy moving through Wednesday as it heads eastwards into the North Sea. Ms Farrow said: "The UK will see a frontal band from the Atlantic bringing rain with colder air behind but mild air being drawn up ahead, from the south. "This rain band could turn heavier later on Wednesday as it heads to the North Sea. "After a murky start on Wednesday, we then see the mid-week band of rain, cold to the NW but mild for SE England with temperatures into mid-teens."