Since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, more than two weeks ago, Pakistan has proved to be one of several countries not to condemn the Kremlin’s actions. Islamabad’s refused to participate in votes held by the United Nations (UN), while its Prime Minister has angrily hit back at demands from the West to speak out against Moscow. Pakistan PM Imran Khan said: “What do you think of us? Are we your slaves, that, whatever you say, we will do?” He also voiced his anger last weekend after 22 diplomats in Islamabad published a joint letter calling on the Pakistani Government to join the UN resolution in condemning Russia’s attack. The 69-year-old added: “I want to ask the European Union ambassadors: Did you write such a letter to India?” Despite these cordial bonds, Pakistan and Russia haven’t always seen eye to eye. So, what is the history of their relationship?  READ MORE: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war' Following the aftermath of the Soviet war in Afghanistan, both Islamabad and Moscow suffered an economic crisis and diplomatic fallout. In the immediate years that followed, bilateral ties remained strained due to Pakistan’s proactive pursuit of US strategic objectives and Russia’s continuing strong ties with India. In fact, it was only around 2010 that the relationship between the two nations improved markedly, with high-level visits and arms sales.  During April 2018, General Qamar Javed Bajwa became the third consecutive Pakistani army chief to visit Moscow. His trip resulted in the setting up of a Joint Military Commission between the two countries. When ex-US president Donald Trump ended Pakistan’s participation in its International Military Education Program, Islamabad went on to sign a Security Training Agreement with Moscow. The agreement provided training of Pakistani military officers in Russian military institutions for the first time in its history.  DON'T MISS: Russian bombing rattling windows in Poland in 'dangerous expansion' [WATCH]Britons paid £350 a month for providing a room to Ukrainian refugees [NEWS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, the US’ complete withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan last summer, which led to the Taliban assuming power, has created further volatility between Washington and Islamabad. Pakistan fears the Taliban regime and the possibility of civil war in the region could lead to spillover effects for neighbouring countries. Altogether, the combined circumstances have provided the pretext for Russia and Pakistan to reassess their bilateral ties. When Pakistan was facing a Covid vaccine deficit due to India’s halt of Oxford-AstraZeneca exports under the COVAX Facility, Moscow came to Islamabad’s rescue by sending 50,000 doses of its Sputnik V vaccine.  Pakistan’s Government has also provisionally contracted Russia to build the Pakistan Stream Gas Pipeline (PSGP). The project was estimated to cost about $2.5 billion (£2.1 billion) and will stretch 1,040km (646 miles) long. Initially, it was planned that the Russian side would own a controlling stake, assume 85 percent of the costs, and operate the gas pipeline for 25 years. However, in the revised version of the deal, Pakistan's share will increase to 74 percent, while Russia's will drop to 26 percent. Islamabad plans to borrow the loan from Russian banks to cater to the needs of Russia’s spending in the project, which will be used to purchase pipeline and compressors. 