A 58-year-old woman has denied stalking former football player David Beckham, the court has heard. It was alleged she turned up at his ten-year-old daughter’s school. Sharon Bell is also accused of harassing Beckham by sending letters to his addresses in Oxford and London, Westminster Magistrates’ Court heard on Monday. She is alleged to have sent a letter to his Oxford home in July 2021 before arriving at the property on the day it was received. The same was said to have happened two months later at his West London address. Bell is also accused of sending a third letter to Beckham’s London home in October 2021. The following month, she is alleged to have arrived at his daughter Harper’s primary school. Bell, from Watford, appeared in court via video link and spoke only to confirm her identity and enter a plea of not guilty. She was given conditional bail ahead of a trial at the same court on July 12 and 13. David shares Harper with his wife Victoria Beckham, and they also have sons Brooklyn, 23, Romeo, 19, and Cruz, 17. In other Beckham news - over the weekend, David posted a series of adorable throwback photos as he celebrated Mother’s Day. He thanked his mum Sandra for raising him and helping him with his four children. Happy Mother's Day mum to an amazing mum & nanny,” he wrote. “We all love u so much and thank for always being there for us all @lynnebeckhambriggs1972 @jo_jo_beckham_ @victoriabeckham @brooklynbeckham @romeobeckham”. (Sic) DON'T MISS... Jane Seymour, 71, showcases ageless beauty in plunging green gown[LATEST]Strictly's Aljaz leaves co-stars heartbroken as pro bids farewell[TV]Aled Jones' daughter Emilia puts on risqué display in gold dress[PICTURES] Meanwhile, his wife Victoria posted several photos of herself with her kids. One showed her drinking what looked like red wine out of a wine glass, while Harper sipped on the same. But the former Spice Girls star was quick to point out it was “juice, not wine” that the youngster was drinking in the sweet snap. She and husband David recently set up an emergency appeal for those fleeing Ukraine amid Russia’s invasion. In collaboration with UNICEF, the couple kickstarted the appeal with their own donation. “Like you, I have watched the situation in Ukraine unfold with horror and disbelief,” David said in a video on Instagram. “Mothers forced to flee with their children. Families torn apart. Children pulled from their beds to become refugees overnight.” He added: “With my family safe around me, I felt the helplessness we all share when faced with scenes of such despair.”