A spokesperson for the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said a ferry operated by the company was detained in Larne, Northern Ireland. The agency said the ship, the European Causeway, was held as a result of "failures on crew familiarisation, vessel documentation and crew training". In a statement, it added: "The vessel will remain under detention until all these issues are resolved by P&O Ferries. "Only then will it be reinspected. "Detention of ships is based on concerns over their safety and to prevent them going to sea." Karl Turner, Labour MP for East Hull, tweeted: "It gets worse for P&O Ferries, news just in that the European Causeway on the Cairnryan-Larne route has failed her Port State Inspection. "The vessel is arrested and detained by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency in Larne."  This comes after the company suddenly sacked 800 members of staff without notice, replacing them with agency workers. The workers will reportedly be paid less than the UK minimum wage. The firm's boss, Peter Hebblethwaite admitted the firm had broken the law by sacking staff without consultation. Speaking at a House of Commons hearing on Thursday, Mr Hebblethwaite said: "There’s absolutely no doubt we were required to consult with the unions. "We chose not to do that." He added: "It was our assessment that the change was of such magnitude that no union could accept our proposals."   Mr Hebblethwaite said the average sacked seafarer was paid £36,000 per year. He said the decision was made in order to "save the business", adding: "I would make this decision again, I’m afraid." The agency staff replacing the sacked workers will receive an hourly rate starting at £5.15. The only exception to this is on Larne-Cairnryan route between Northern Ireland and Scotland, where it will be bound by UK minimum wage law. Ministers and trade unions have condemned the company's decision to sack the staff, with National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers' secretary general, Mick Lynch describing it as "one of the most shameful acts in the history of British industrial relations."  He said he would be seeking urgent legal action over the issue. Maritime Minister Robert Courts agreed, saying he was "extremely concerned and frankly angry at the treatment". He added: "Reports of workers being given zero notice and being escorted off their ships while being told that cheaper alternatives will take up their roles shows the insensitive way P&O have approached this issue." Speaking to BBC Breakfast on Friday morning, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: "The idea that you come to parliament, you admit you deliberately set out to break the law - it is not some accident or mistake - in order to sack your staff and bring in low minimum wage people and that you will buy off the staff to do that, is quite simply unacceptable." There have been protests at ports across the UK against P&O's treatment of workers, with some people calling for a boycott of their services.