Manchester United have been dealt a setback ahead of tonight’s Champions League clash with Atletico Madrid. Ralf Rangnick’s side go into the game hoping to make the last eight of the competition and keep their hopes of winning silverware alive. And the match at Old Trafford has the makings of a classic. Plenty has changed since Manchester United last won the Champions League in 2008, back when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. And with the club’s hopes of winning the Premier League, FA Cup and Carabao Cup already over, it now represents their last chance of a trophy this term. United have been sketchy in Europe so far, under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Rangnick. Though they topped a group consisting of Villarreal, Atalanta and Young Boys, they’ve won just three of their seven matches in the tournament. They weren’t at their roaring best in the reverse fixture against Atletico, drawing 1-1 in Spain with Anthony Elanga coming to their rescue. Tonight, United will go all guns blazing as they look to make the last eight of the Champions League for just the third time since Ferguson walked away. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz And the squad published by the Manchester Evening News suggests they’ll be without a vital asset in the form of Luke Shaw. Though Shaw hasn’t always been convincing this term, Rangnick values the England international for his strong mentality. ESPN recently reported that the United interim boss had identified both Shaw and Scott McTominay as players capable of raising their respective levels amid adversity. The German has been alarmed by the manner in which United have squandered results at times this season. Yet Rangnick feels Shaw and McTominay have both been shining lights this term, even if they’ve become somewhat polarising figures among fans. With Shaw primed to miss out, United are expected to go with Alex Telles at left-back as they battle to reign supreme. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message The Brazil international struggled for action under Solskjaer, despite the club shelling out around £16million to land him from Porto back in the summer of 2020. Yet he’s now set to step up on what represents the biggest night in the club’s recent history. Speaking before the game with Atletico, Telles gave an insight into his relationship with Shaw. “I have great respect for Luke [Shaw],” he said. “I have a huge respect for him, and we get on really well on the pitch.” And he also admitted he was ‘working hard’ to recover following his slow start to life at Old Trafford. “In the first year for me [at United], [it] wasn’t that easy for me,” he stated. “But I think this year I feel a lot better. “I am working very hard, and I am a player who comes to help [the team]. “The manager makes the decisions who plays, and he will pick the player who is playing best.” Rangnick, meanwhile, has called on United to raise their levels and build on their 3-2 victory over Tottenham on Saturday night. “Well, in the end, obviously it’s about what kind of level of emotions are we going to play, it’s about desire again,” he said. “In the end, we showed against Tottenham that the desire on our end, it was slightly bigger and higher than Tottenham and that was why we could decide the game for ourselves at the end. “Against Atletico, it’s even more important as one of their biggest strengths is the way that they play, their aggressive approach they play and the high level of emotions, which is why we have to be better in this area than them.” On the role fans can play, he added: “Very significant. “Our supporters are outstanding, amazing, they can always, even more so on international nights, make the difference and create a very special atmosphere. “But, in the end, it’s obviously up to us. “We have to take the first step and show them how ambitious we are and how ideally we want to qualify for the last eight and if we show that, the fans will be behind the team and will carry us all through the game.”