Jodie Whittaker's replacement as Doctor Who still remains a mystery despite the Yorkshire-born actress announcing her departure from the sci-fi series last summer. A variety of famous names have been thrown into the mix, with rumours circulating that "irreplaceable" fan-favourite David Tennant could be lined up for a sensational return as the Time Lord. However, the bookies believe a Welsh star linked to Tennant could now become the next Doctor.  Tennant, 50, has moved to a firm favourite past some huge names such as It's A Sin stars Lydia West and Olly Alexander, and Brigerton actor Regé-Jean Page. This follows recent news Doctor Who was nearly cancelled after Tennant’s departure back in 2010, with the actor deemed "irreplaceable" before regenerating into Matt Smith. Smith, who went on to star in the hit Netflix series The Crown as Prince Philip, played the Eleventh Doctor from 2010 to 2013. Tennant has remained a firm favourite among Whovians, with his time as the Doctor considered one of the best of the rebooted series. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Mackenzie's Boyd plans to destroy the Dingles?  The reboot of the long-running series, which first landed on the BBC in the 1960s, returned to screens in 2005. The Scottish actor recently commented on the upcoming regeneration, claiming he has no idea who will be playing the next Doctor. However, with former showrunner Russell T Davies returning to the series next year, fans are eager to also see the Tennant return to the Tardis. Tennant would be the first Doctor in the Time Lord series to ever make a return and reappear across different generations of the Doctor.  The award-winning actor would make history should he return to the role. Tennant, who has starred in the Harry Potter franchise, still boasts a dedicated fanbase thanks to his work on the show. He also received praise for his recent role in Neil Gaiman’s Good Omens, which sees him star alongside Michael Sheen. A William Hill spokesman said: "Sheen, whose odds have drifted to 6-1 following the renewed speculation, is again linked given his Welsh roots now that the series is now filmed in Wales. DON'T MISS...Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker to be replaced by Ralf Little? [LATEST]Doctor Who boss opens up on Yaz’s romance twist with Timelord [INSIGHT]Doctor Who producer 'worried' about show's future  [INTERVIEW] "Sheen would also become the first Welsh Doctor should he manage to pip Tennant to the role." Speculating is also mounting around whether the next doctor will be female, with Lydia West the current female favourite for the role at 7-2. The series is in need of a resurgence, as the New Year’s Day Doctor Who special reported the lowest viewing figures for a modern episode to date. Whittaker is set to bring her time travelling journey to an end after two final Doctor Who specials later this year.  The show's director Jamie Magnus Stone recently opened up on Whittaker's emotional final scenes. He said: "We shot the last-ever scene in the Tardis and said goodbye to the Tardis, and then there were some tears. "And then we went out to film, basically, her regeneration. "And the last shot that we did, I think, will be the last shot in the episode as well. So it was really nice to do things in sequence." Doctor Who is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 