Barcelona could launch a swoop for Liverpool star Mohamed Salah with Xavi believed to be a huge admirer of the attacker. The Reds sensation faces an uncertain future on Merseyside as the club's hierarchy continue to stand firm on their contract offer which, so far, has not tempted him into signing on the dotted line. It is shaping up to be another goal-laden season for Salah who, in all competitions, has already notched 28 by mid-March. He was on the scoresheet last time out against Brighton too, while Reds fans eagerly await an injury update after he hobbled off in the second half. And that is not the only thing keeping them on the edge of their seats as Salah's latest contract update makes for grim reading. Reports indicate that wages continue to be a sticking point in negotiations despite Jurgen Klopp's affirmation that the club have done all they can to tie him down. JUST IN: Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici's view on his future amid interest from PSG  AS claim that Barcelona are waiting to capitalise if their summer move for Erling Haaland falls short. Xavi has supposedly labelled the Egyptian as a 'priority alternative' and an 'ideal' player to take the club forward. With a contract that expires in 2023, Salah could be available for a reasonable price as Liverpool wise up to the notion that this coming summer may be one of their last remaining chances to cash in. In fact, he could be available for as little as £50million.   The financial outlay would still be hefty, however, with Salah commanding serious wages as recognition for his goal-scoring prowess. Barca were strapped for cash last summer and had to let go of club icon Lionel Messi as financial constraints left them unable to renew his contract. Interest from such a prestigious club could force Liverpool to swallow their pride and cough up the money their star attacker wants. Despite fighting near the top of the Premier League, their wage structure remains fairly strict as Salah's current package lands him outside the division's 10 highest earners. Former Reds striker Peter Crouch has urged the two parties to come together and cement a legendary Anfield legacy. "The priority is making sure he agrees a new contract," he wrote in The Daily Mail. "He is the best signing they could make. Everybody else is done and he is the biggest hitter. "I am biased, of course, but strikers are worth the money. Salah wins games. "The best thing he can do is sign a five-year deal, secure himself for life and become a club legend." 