Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin was a monster, directly responsible for the death and suffering of millions. Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin is cut from the same cloth. That Vlad always had a burning ambition to summit the dung heap of modern-day Russian politics was never really in much doubt. Certainly not in the minds of those who know or knew him well by all accounts.  Putin was schooled in the misguided belief in totalitarianism by his KGB mentors, in post 1917 Russian invincibility and power. When it all came crashing Mad Vlad seethed at the demise of all that he held dear. Vlad’s very soul was completely eviscerated when the curtain finally came down on the Soviet era. The geographically defined Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, with its cradle to grave authoritarianism was no more. It was dead as a doornail. Lenin, Trotsky, Stalin, Khrushchev, Brezhnev, and most recently Putin, all of them products of Marxist/communist inspired ideology. All ultimately defined by their unquenchable thirst for global revolutionary zealotry and domination, no matter what the cost in human suffering and misery. This is the murderous consequence of what is now being perpetrated on the stoic people of Ukraine, formerly part of that evil Soviet empire. Perhaps unwillingly for many in the invading hordes of Russians since the vast majority of them come from a younger generation, mostly untarnished by the corrosive debility of communism. Ukraine and its people have a terrible historical legacy of violence and oppression by the forces of evil, chief amongst which was Adolf Hitler who’s play book is now being applied by Vlad with gusto. The wholesale slaughter of innocents has re-emerged in Ukraine eighty years on from the Nazis followed by the Soviets. The whole world is almost totally united in their opposition to and condemnation of the invasion of Ukraine by nearly two hundred thousand Russian combat troops. Whilst most folks would like to see a David and Goliath moment, common sense tells us sadly that Putin will probably win the battle, but God willing he will NOT win the war. If Ukraine is overcome by the sheer numbers of Russian troops the long-term guerrilla war will commence. The Russian Bear will be tamed anew as it was in Afghanistan in the eighties, although at what cost in appallingly unnecessary loss of life? It’s not over just yet. There will be many more body bags filled with Russian dead Moscow bound before that happens. So sad considering these soldiers have families too and their loved ones don’t want this slaughter to continue any more than the Ukrainians. When all is said and done, though, and in fairness to them, widespread Russian capacity for simple humanity and generosity actually knows no bounds. This is quite simply extraordinary when considering the oftentimes violent legacy of their history. Brutally displayed this time round by Mad Vlad. Yet, most Russians bear their Ukrainian brethren no ill will at all, and never wanted, nor do they want this war. Let’s take a wider view for a moment. The inevitable “geopoliticking” will be a factor, as it already is. The two major global flashpoints right now are Ukraine and Taiwan, with others simmering in the shadows. Iran, Syria, and Venezuela, all have strategic relations with both Russia and China, sharing one glaring common denominator across the board; they’re all authoritarian totalitarian dictatorships. Who, therefore, are the parties more inclined to show solidarity with Putin? This isn’t a difficult one. There’re a few of them, each one hallmarked with the stamp of? You guessed it, authoritarians. Numero uno is of course Vlad’s bestie in Beijing who is already showing his hand whilst trying to hedge his bets at the same time, albeit unconvincingly. He more than most perhaps will want to gauge potential allied and western sentiment towards a possible assault on Taiwan. Taiwan though is a whole different ball game from Ukraine. The annual CCP shindig has just kicked off in Beijing, with the PLA running drills in the South China Sea at the same time. They have even had the nerve to issue a keep out order in the area which actually falls within the two-hundred-mile exclusive economic zone of Vietnam. It’ll be interesting to see how that plays out and who double-digit salutes that idea? The realities of combat are very different when engaged away from home turf, not to mention nowhere near reality during drills and simulations. The invading Russians are learning that the hard way for a multitude of reasons with their present foray into Ukraine. Any Mainland Chinese attack on Taiwan will be no different in reality. Let’s reiterate once again. This war in Ukraine is an entirely unprovoked attack on a fully sovereign nation on totally spurious grounds. There’s no reason for this other than to satisfy bthe blood lusted agenda of one man. Vlad has no right, NOT ONE, to go goosestepping into another country to satisfy his craving for days of yore. If he gets away with it in Ukraine, then who’s next? The media blitz of naked propaganda accompanying this tragedy has likewise been ramped up. Reference to the neutralisation of “Ukrainian Nationalists” and “de-nazification” of Ukraine (whatever the hell that means?). The chanted mantra in justification of this carnage to protect Russian Federation citizens, is of course pure baloney. I’d use another word, but that would upset the wokes, and we can’t have that now, can we? The immediate future for the world looks decidedly bleak. Nonetheless, we must harden our resolve and sincerely believe that every cloud has a silver lining somewhere. First prize will be if this Ukraine shemozzle results in the ultimate demise of Putin, although thoughts of who will replace him simultaneously spring to mind. Nonetheless, it will be most gratifying to witness the invading Russians sent packing back to where they came from with their tails between their legs. To meet the challenge the nominally free world needs a cohesive and united front now more than ever since the dark days of World War Two. This will be extremely challenging in the absence of woefully deficient US leadership at present. Those harbouring authoritarian ambitions need to be curtailed and blunted pronto. For his part, Boris Johnson is showing remarkable fortitude and seems to be playing a blinder since the clamour for his ouster has diminished to a barely audible whimper. The suffering inside Ukraine must be truly horrific, brutally exacerbated by Russian refusal to honour their ceasefire commitments that would allow for humanitarian evacuations. Putin is a war criminal. He must be held personally accountable for the slaughter and carnage taking place in Ukraine. This has to lead us to a better place eventually, surely to God. No more Putin, no more Chinese Communist Party, no more authoritarians, PERIOD. This must surely be best for everyone. Stalin is the past. Leave him there. Let Putin join him and stay there too.