Attendance Allowance is benefit payment administered by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Those who reach the state pension age of 66 become eligible if they have a long-term health condition or illness which leaves them needing additional assistance. An Attendance Allowance recipient would get £358.40 a month if they were to claim the full amount. The DWP benefit is composed of two separate rates - one higher and the other lower - which are given after the department’s assessment into the severity of the claimant’s circumstances. Attendance Allowance’s lower rate is £60 a week and is given if the claimant needs “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”, according to the DWP. The DWP benefit payment’s weekly higher rate of £89.60 is given to those who need “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or you’re terminally ill”. To apply for this means of support, state pensioners should print out the Attendance Allowance claim form which can be found on the gov.uk website. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim The completed form must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be processed. Outside of Attendance Allowance, those on the state pension may be able to claim other benefits if they are on the DWP payment. Furthermore, state pensioners could be eligible for extra Pension Credit, Housing Benefit or a Council Tax Reduction if they claim Attendance Allowance. Chloe Smith, the Government’s Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, highlighted why disabled people should apply for support as soon as possible. Ms Smith explained: “Living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. “So it’s vitally important you are receiving all the help you are entitled to. “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” On its website, Age UK provides advice to state pensioners looking to apply for Attendance Allowance by debunking common “myths” about the DWP benefit payment. Referring to concerns applicants have about their claim being rejected or their income being too high to qualify, the charity stated: “Your circumstances may have changed since the last time you applied, especially if it was a while ago. “If your care needs have increased, you may find you’re now eligible. It is assessed purely on your disability or health condition and your care or supervision needs. “It isn’t means-tested so it doesn’t matter what you earn or how much you have in savings.” For those concerned about not wanting to use Attendance Allowance for a carer, Age UK said: “You’ve paid into the tax system all your life. “Now it’s time to get something back. Think about what support or equipment might help you to carry on living independently at home for longer. “You don’t have to spend Attendance Allowance on a carer. Many older people spend it on other types of help in the home, or equipment to help them stay independent. “You don’t need to have a carer or someone looking after you. You qualify based on the help you need, not the help you actually get.”