Sophie, 37, was paralysed from the chest down after a car crash when she was just 18 years old. It happened on the day she received her A-level results. She has since carved out a career as a presenter on documentaries such as the award-winning Licence To Kill, as well as Loose Women and Best Laid Plans. She was lead presenter for the Paralympics on Channel 4 last year and has just hosted Crufts 2022. But she says it is still "incredibly hurtful" when someone dismisses her inclusion as a "box-ticking exercise". She explains: "I had the added benefit and disadvantage of being in a wheelchair. I think there were doors that were opened for me and opportunities that came around for me but also a lot of doors that were closed. "I always get asked 'why you?' and have to justify why my disability is on your screen. "I have worked very hard to break that glass ceiling. It's like 'you can only present on stuff that's to do with disability, otherwise people are going to go, why would you present this?' "To transcend disability programming and go into more mainstream - it's been really hard but really rewarding." Sophie's career is, indeed, "thriving" but representation for disabled people on television is still lower than in real life. A report by industry body Creative Diversity Network revealed disabled people make up just 8.3 per cent of on-screen appearances, despite comprising 17 per cent of the workforce. Sophie added: "Seeing is believing and we don't see enough. It helps normalise and cement disability in the public space.  "Television is a powerful medium and it definitely needs to do more." Now Sophie has written a book, an "honest and unflinching" account of life with a disability, from the negatives to the "unexpected positives". She said writing the book was a journey in itself, enabling her to address some of the unsolved traumas she has been through. Sophie says: "I had limiting beliefs around disability and it was good to work on those and get rid of them." Over time she has realised her disability is "kind of a superpower - it's not always a weakness, my disability gave me a lot of strengths", and says it has helped form who she is as a person. Sophie said she hopes her book will "shift someone's perspective around disability and also just on life I suppose". She adds: "I feel like I'm the best I've been in a long time. I know who I am, where I'm at, I know what I want to do. No more tolerating or suffering in silence. I'm in a good place and really excited about the future." ? Driving Forwards: A journey of resilience and empowerment after life-changing injury, by Sophie Morgan, is out now. 