Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp sent a message to Manchester City after applying further pressure in the Premier League title race on Saturday night. The Reds' narrow 1-0 win over West Ham at Anfield closed the gap behind Man City to just three points ahead of Sunday's Manchester derby. Klopp's side escaped with another three points after the visitors missed numerous gilt-edged chances at Anfield. Trent Alexander-Arnold found Sadio Mane at the back post with a sumptuous pass, his 11th league assist of the season, to break the deadlock on 27 minutes. Pablo Fornals and Manuel Lanzini, in particular, were left kicking themselves after floundering opportunities on a night where the Hammers' top-four bid took another hit. But Liverpool will only care about the three points, and all eyes now turn towards the Etihad Stadium on Saturday as Man City host West Ham's Champions League-vying rivals Manchester United. JUST IN: Liverpool's transfer patience justified after Klopp's glimpse of star  And Klopp will be tuning into Sky Sports' coverage hoping for Liverpool's bitter enemies to do them a significant favour in their title hunt. After full-time, the German coach explained that whilst he has an invested interest in Man City's upcoming clash, his primary focus remains on games on which Liverpool have an 'influence'. He told Sky Sports: "Of course, we are interested in it [the Manchester derby], but we have no influence on it. We have to win the games we play. "Those we do not play in, we have no hand in it. Why we don't think about it or talk about it, we just try to win our games." READ MORE: Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has message for Man City and Liverpool  West Ham suffered from a poor streak of luck before kick-off and during the game, which ultimately helped Liverpool's cause. Declan Rice, one of the league's best midfielders, was absent after being taken ill in the build-up to the game. Whilst Jarrod Bowen, one of this season's most dangerous goal threats, was forced off through injury after 50 minutes. But Klopp, in high praise of David Moyes' side, has claimed they didn't need Rice at Anfield. "I am absolutely happy with the result, but I know we can do much better," Klopp admitted. "We did most of the time much better but not today, and you have to bring this one over the line - we did that. I'm really happy about that. It is a very special win; it feels great. "It's a strong opponent, a really, very strong opponent. It's no coincidence that they are high up in the table, and they are around Champions League spots and European league spots. It's no coincidence. "The way they played today, they didn't need Rice. I know it's a big miss for them, but they didn't need him really because they just chipped the balls in the last line, and we had to defend that battle." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.