Robert Rinder, 43, has updated fans on his partner Oksana Platero’s Ukrainian relatives after they managed to flee war-torn Ukraine. The criminal barrister had travelled to the Polish border to meet his Strictly Come Dancing pro partner’s grandparents. Following their ordeal to make it out of the country, Robert took to Twitter, where he has garnered 194,000 followers, to share an update. He tweeted: “Oksana’s family: Auntie Lidya and Grandma Zoya. We managed to reach them this morning with a wheelchair & some medical supplies.. “Despite having nearly nothing.. they are ‘grateful for everything’” The post, shared earlier today, received more than 10,000 likes in just a few hours. Fans of the TV star replied to the tweet sending him and Oksana messages of support. Pnuttall123 said: “How wonderful to see these beautiful photos of Oksana’s family, it must have been a very special moment for you. “You are doing a wonderful job, I wish that there were more people in the world like you. “I really do pray for peace, you are so caring, loving and kind. Take care.” V1cmeldrew added: “Robert I'm a little lost for words but just wanted to say well done. “Having seen your brilliant holocaust program last year its clear you have real insight into the sufferings of the innocent. “Now you are witnessing it first hand. Get home safely.” JennabeanMiles penned: “These photos of @OksanaDmytrenko's family speak many words, I'm so glad they are safe. DON'T MISS...Loose Women's Charlene White bids farewell after final episode news [LATEST]'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [UPDATE]Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [INSIGHT] “This must have been such a special and emotional moment for you. “Keep doing the incredible things you do. “This world needs more people like you Robert, you're a shining light bless you.” Judge Rinder has also used his social media to share a link to a GoFundMe page set up by Oksana to help with accommodation, food and medical attention. The message, which was written before Oksana’s grandparents crossed the Ukrainian border, read: “My mother, my 10-year-old brother, and Kateryna’s sister, left their home the morning of March 2 and arrived to safety March 6. As you can imagine, the journey there was brutal but all that matters is that they made it, and they are safe. “The rest of our family, which includes our three grandparents, two who are not able to walk, and Kateryna’s mom and dad, are still in danger as they are currently still trying to escape. “What's next is for them is unclear, unpredictable, and terrifying. “This is where we’d like to ask for any support as they spend their time away from home. They will be in need of accommodations, food, and medical attention for quite some time. We are raising money to send to them and keep them in good hands. "Anything you can do to help would be much appreciated.”