The free prescription age is currently 60, but this may change due to proposals currently being considered. The Government is consulting on whether free prescription age should align with the state pension age - 66 and rising. It could mean many more people across England are forced to reckon with prescription charges, currently £9.35 per item. But women affected by the change to their state pension age have hit back at the potential alteration. State pension age changes mean men and women can now expect to retire at the same age, however, 1950s born women have argued the uplift was not amply communicated with them. Individuals and groups such as Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI), assert they received short notice of their state pension increasing. READ MORE: Barclays issues warning as woman, 50, loses £40,000 in vicious scam Some have even taken their complaints to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman (PHSO). However, these women have also expressed anger about having to potentially pay for prescriptions on top of the financial hardships many are already facing. One woman, who wished to remain anonymous, told Age UK: “I have a long-term lung condition and other problems which require I take five different tablets a day. “I am one of the 3.8million women from whom the Government stole a promised pension at 60. DON'T MISSState pensioners on PIP may get new disability benefit [INSIGHT]Pension alert as you could have thousands unclaimed [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners set for nasty shock - you may not get full amount [ANALYSIS] “I already cannot afford to heat my house. “Still, perhaps if the Government deprives me of my medication, I’ll die before they have to pay any of the pension I paid for over 40 years.” Another woman, Angie, said: “I am on minimum wage. I rely on bank/relief work. “I can’t claim because I have savings.   “I had six years added to my retirement age with only four years notice. "To take free prescriptions away as well would be like a kick in the teeth.” Consequently, Age UK has called for the Government to save free prescriptions for over 60s and keep the age at the same level. It has not yet been decided whether the free prescription age will rise, or how the change could be implemented if it is accepted.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The DWP and Department of Health and Social Care told Express.co.uk: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge. “People don’t pay if they are on a low income, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption, 60-years-old, has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link with the state pension age. “We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course.”