Spring cleaning is the best way to refresh your property ahead of the warmer months, yet many of us forget to target these two key areas. Windows and blinds can harbour more dirt and dust than you might think, and they can look even worse in the bright spring sunshine. Luckily there are a number of quick methods that will leave glass panes and blind slats gleaming, but what are they? Large window panes are often neglected by homeowners, gathering smears of dirt and dust throughout the colder months. With the spring sunshine well on its way, it's the perfect time to give your windows a deep clean to make the most of the bright weather, but where should you begin? Polished windows will quickly look misty and unclean if you don’t tackle the surface dust on nearby blinds. Venetian and vertical blinds will both benefit from a quick dusting, so start by gathering a clean cloth, water and dish soap to wipe away surface residue. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘one minute’ trick for unblocking plugholes For Venetian blinds, you should use this simple soapy solution to wipe away dirt in a few swift motions. If you have wooden Venetians, you should go over the clean slats with an unused dryer sheet to reduce the amount of dust settling on the slats afterwards. Fabric blinds require a more thorough cleaning, so make use of the brush attachment on your vacuum to remove dust. Finish by giving the blinds a quick wipe with some warm water before leaving them to dry. For a super fast clean, try using a lint roller to remove any stubborn pet hairs or dirt and top it off with a spritz of fabric freshener for a fragrant scent. Once your blinds are free from dust and dirt, it’s time to move onto your windows. There are plenty of natural solutions which are effective on stubborn stains - just use what you have in your cupboard at home. A simple white vinegar solution will leave the glass panes streak free in a matter of minutes. To make the window cleaning solution, combine two cups of water with half a cup of distilled white vinegar in a jug. Pour the liquid into a spray bottle and shake vigorously before spritzing all over your windows. Use a clean, dry microfibre cloth to buff the solution in circular motions. Keep buffing until streaks, stains and marks disappear to reveal gleaming windows. DON'T MISS:Mrs Hinch fans share 25p hack for removing blood from clothes [REVEAL]How to clean patio slabs without a pressure washer - the simple hack [ANALYSIS]Cleaning: ‘Toxic’ products with ‘harmful ingredients’ to ‘avoid’ [INSIGHT] Brew a large pot of black tea and leave the solution to cool in a wide bowl. Use old newspaper or a clean microfibre cloth to apply soak up the tea and buff into the windows. A circular rubbing motion is the best way to banish even the smallest of smears on your windows, so tackle small sections at a time for best results. For more stubborn stains on your window, use either black tea or white vinegar to soak away tough residue. Apply the liquid using a sponge and use clean dryer sheets to work the stains away from the surface. After tackling both your blinds and inside window panes, it’s time to finish the job with a deep clean on the other side. This will only work on ground floor windows which can be safely reached without a ladder, so it’s best to phone in professional help for windows which are set on the higher floors of your home. To clean the outside of your windows, you should: