Stacey Solomon, 32, was rushing around this morning after being asked to replace a Loose Women co-star who had called in sick. The ITV star had only just returned home from Rotherham, where she was filming the first episode of Sort Your Life Out’s second series. In a candid Instagram post shared with her 5.1 million followers, Stacey shared her struggle fitting everything on her busy schedule. The picture, uploaded earlier today, featured her son Rex laughing as he lay on the sofa with the family’s dogs. Stacey’s hand could be visible in the shot as she showed fans the “cold tea” she had been drinking ahead of her TV appearance. She captioned the snap: “We are back from Rotherham and someone has called in sick to Loose Women so I’m scrambling around trying to sort the pickles out, drink my cold tea and put something on so I can cover today on Zoom. “Happy Wednesday everyone.” The TV star concluded: “I hope you’re all ok today.” Before heading to Rotherham earlier this week, Stacey praised her fiancé Joe Swash for looking after their children while she is away. She warned her followers a “cheesy post” was in the works, as she shared a photograph of Joe cradling their baby daughter Rose and son Rex. Stacey wrote: “Just a late-night appreciation post as I get ready to go to work. “Joe has been running the ship around here for the last few months. “I have been in and out making a bed or two, but he has been doing almost every school run, parents evening, dinners, and just smashing home life while I am away working. “Soon he is going to have Rosey Posey to add to the mix too because the long days of Sort Your Life Out filming will get too much and I know he will just carry on smashing it.” DON'T MISS...'Woke' Hollywood stars slammed for accepting $140k Oscars gift bags [INSIGHT]‘Broke my heart’ Claire Sweeney forced to sell Mallorca villa [UPDATE]Ricky Gervais makes dig at Oscar gift bags degrading 'poor people' [LATEST] Stacey concluded the heartfelt post by saying she is “so grateful” for her partner and that she “couldn’t do it” without him. She told Joe: “I know your dad is watching from wherever he is, so proud of the daddy you are.” Joe’s dad, Ricky, died when the EastEnders actor was just 11 years old from an undiagnosed heart condition called Sudden Arrhythmic Death Syndrome. Before that, on Sunday, Stacey posted an emotional tribute to her children, who she often refers to as “pickles”, as she marked Mother’s Day. Along with a picture of herself surrounded by her children in the garden, Stacey penned: “I Made people. And it has been and always will be the most amazing privilege. “Happy Mothers Day Everyone… Thinking of all of those who find today extremely difficult. "And feeling so incredibly grateful to have the honour of raising these humans & being their mummy. “Love you pickles to the moon and stars and back again. Forever and Always.”