Harry Kane has warned Wayne Rooney that he thinks he can break the latter's England scoring record this year. Kane closed the gap on Rooney to just four goals by scoring a penalty against Switzerland in Saturday's friendly, which also won the game for the Three Lions. The Spurs striker has now fired in 49 goals since making his international debut in 2015. That has drawn him level with Sir Bobby Charlton, with Manchester United legend Rooney sitting on 53 goals. The win over Switzerland was England's first game of 2022, a year in which they will travel to Qatar for the World Cup. Kane has seven more chances before the tournament to break Rooney's record, starting with Tuesday's friendly against the Ivory Coast. But even if he does not feature in that clash, he will have six Nations League games over the summer, with England taking on Germany, Hungary and Italy. And Kane is confident that he will take the record off Rooney at some point within the next nine months. READ MORE: Jamie Redknapp makes Man City transfer claim over Harry Kane's form "It's amazing company to be with, I'm super proud to be amongst those names. But you've always got to look forward to the next one. It's a big year ahead, chance of quite a few more caps and a few more goals. We'll see where it takes us," he told Sky Sports following the win over Switzerland. "It was one of those games, but as a striker you've got to be ready for any chance that comes your way. Penalties are a great way of getting on the scoresheet. I practice them a lot, I work on them a lot, and you see it pay off in games." Switzerland provided a surprisingly stern test for the Three Lions at Wembley, but Kane's late penalty proved to be decisive. And the England skipper believes there are plenty of positives for Southgate's men to take from the game. DON'T MISS: England must have 'tremendous confidence' for Qatar 2022 - Southgate (NEWS)4 England u21 stars who can still make World Cup after Andorra win (INSIGHT)Arsenal star Smith Rowe misses England training again to create doubt (INJURIES) "It was a tough game, it's a big year ahead. There's a chance for us in these games to try different things, different formations, see how we get on. We want to have as much availability in different games as possible. I thought it was a good performance, room to improve but a good win to start the year," he added. "We rotated the squad as well, some players in there making their debuts. We've not got a lot of time from now until the World Cup, so all this information is key. We'll go away, dissect the game and see the areas we can improve."