Tom Parker, 33, has been pictured sitting in a wheelchair in a photograph shared by his bandmate from The Wanted, Max George. Tom was diagnosed with stage four glioblastoma in October 2020. Last year, he revealed that his cancer is stable but it appeared his continued treatment has left him too weak to stand. Former Strictly Come Dancing star Max shared the photograph on his Instagram story in view of his 213,000 followers. Tom looked in good spirits as he wore a beanie and sunglasses while posing with a peace sign. Max added Justin Timberlake’s SexyBack to the post with the caption: “I mean...come on,” with a heart eyes emoji. The Wanted are currently touring across the UK performing some of their greatest hits. READ MORE:F1 Christian Horner aims swipe at wife Geri Halliwell Tom was forced to miss the first few shows due to a delay with his brain tumour treatment in Spain, where he had been for several weeks. While he was planning to be back in time for the first performance, Tom said “logistically changes with tests and results” meant he had to stay in Spain longer than he expected. He broke the news on Instagram to his 276,000 followers, saying: “As most of you know, I’ve been out in Spain on a treatment programme for the past couple of weeks. “It was only meant to last 20 days but due to a couple of logistical changes with tests and results, it won’t be complete until the end of the week now which has delayed our journey home. “I’m obviously gutted that I’ll be missing the first few shows but as I’m sure you will understand, I have to complete my treatment cycle. “I’ve been zooming into rehearsals all week and I know that the show will be incredible and that my boys will hold the fort until I’m back. Can’t wait to see you all very soon, hope you all enjoy the show.” Tom returned to the UK last week and surprised fans when he took to the stage in Bournemouth on Monday. He has since joined his bandmates in Cardiff and Nottingham where he performed while sitting on a gold throne. DON'T MISSPiers Morgan rages as Prince Harry swerves Prince Philip's service[LATEST]Jamie Lee Curtis exposes Hollywood realities in new film[INSIGHT]Susanna Reid reacts to suggestion Rylan Clark should co-host GMB[NEWS] Tom has been married to Kelsey Hardwick since 2018. They have two young children, Paris, three, and Bodhi, two. Tom was initially told he had just 12 to 18 months to live when he was diagnosed with a brain tumour in October 2020. Thankfully, after six rounds of chemotherapy and 30 radiotherapies, his tumour was declared “stable” following an MRI scan in November. Tom, who is receiving private healthcare on top of NHS care in the UK, has been raising awareness for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) and calling for more research into the illness. Speaking on the Chat2Amani podcast in October, The Wanted star said it was “shocking” chemotherapy drug, Temozolomide, hasn’t been changed in 20 years as the standard treatment offered to GBM by the NHS. He explained: “I don't want to beat around the bush about the NHS, I think they've been great, but I think there's a massive improvement needed in treatment for brain tumours." The Wanted’s tour will run until next week and the band will perform in Birmingham, Manchester, London, Hull and Liverpool.