Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe finally returned to screens on Sunday for the long-awaited sixth season premiere of Outlander. Now the popular Starz series is back for more adventures and battles on Fraser’s Ridge, the Jamie Fraser star has been teasing what fans should expect from the coming weeks. The sixth season of Outlander is set to conclude with a huge cliffhanger at the end of episode eight, Sam has confirmed. On Sunday night, one of the longest Droughtlanders yet finally came to an end with the premiere of season six, Echoes. While the Frasers prepare to defend their home from the American Revolution, a new arrival to the Ridge threatens their community from inside its very walls. Meanwhile, Jamie’s wife Claire (played by Caitriona Balfe) is still recovering from her assault by Lionel Brown (Ned Dennehy) and his men last season. READ MORE: Ozark season 4: Wendy Byrde death 'sealed' as fans spot huge clue? As fans await another thrilling episode this Sunday, Sam has confirmed production on season seven is just around the corner. “We pretty much start shooting in a couple of weeks’ time,” he told Gentleman’s Journal. Sam also opened up about some of the changes made while filming season six due to Covid protocols. His update on Outlander’s production will come as a relief for fans, especially once this year’s eight-episode stretch comes to an end. Sam confirmed: “There’s a good cliffhanger at the end of this season. “But we had to adapt a bit for season six. Because we didn’t know that we were going to finish early. “But then, we had Covid, and my co-star was pregnant, so we really had to adapt it.” “I think that’s another thing that’s really kind of amazing right now,” the star continued. DON'T MISS:The Rookie season 4 fans left fuming over format change [REACTION]Doctor Who: Jodie Whittaker replaced by Christoper Eccleston? [THEORY]Vikings Valhalla season 2: Ivar’s descendant takes the throne? [INSIGHT] “That we can still change the storyline and that we can still actively move things around and make it work. And that makes for a really exciting, really gripping story.” Already dealing with a much shorter season than usual, fans will no doubt be disappointed by the news of a cliffhanger, with potentially over a year to wait before the story continues. Hopefully, Sam’s update has confirmed fans won’t have to remain patient for quite so long this time around as filming for season seven is already about to get started. To make up for the truncated season, Sunday night kicked off Outlander’s return with an epic, feature-length episode setting up some riveting and romantic drama for the next seven weeks. As the Frasers continue develop the Ridge, an antagonistic figure from Jamie’s past, Tom Christie (Mark Lewis Jones), arrived with the aim of spreading his religious doctrine to the Ridge. His two children, Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and Malva (Jessica Reynolds) are also expected to cause trouble of their own amongst the tight-knit community. Diehard fans of the series will have already read Diana Gabaldon's A Breath of Snow and Ashes and will know how the Frasers’ latest chapter comes to an end. Unfortunately for everyone else, there’ll still be many more months of waiting before the foreboding cliffhanger in the season finale is finally resolved. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK. Read Sam Heughan’s full interview on thegentlemansjournal.com