The popular series topped the poll of beloved childhood novels, beating the likes of Harry Potter and the Philosopher’s Stone - which appeared in 17th place. The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe by C.S. Lewis, and Roald Dahl's Charlie and the Chocolate Factory completed the top three. Also securing a place within the top 10 were Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, and the Mr. Men and Little Miss books. While The Railway Children, The Hungry Caterpillar and The Wind in the Willows also featured in the top 50. The study was commissioned by Camden Market - ahead of World Book Day - which will see the food stalls at the Lock, Stables, Buck Street and Hawley Wharf markets recreate some of the most memorable dishes from children's books. These will include Bruce Bogtrotter’s chocolate cake from Matilda, Turkish Delight and Hot Chocolate from the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, and a bubble tea inspired by the BFG’s Frobscottle. The study of 2,000 adults also found over half (52 percent) adore these stories because they remind them of their own childhood, while one in four think they teach valuable lessons. The average adult reckons they have read around a third of these popular titles - but 46 percent wished they’d read more of these memorable stories in their youth. Maggie Milosavljevic, commercial director at LabTech, said: “It’s great to see so many iconic childhood books and characters coming through in the research. “We’ve all had our own experiences immersing ourselves within these stories in our youth and imagining ourselves in some of our favourite character’s shoes. “We hope to bring some of the magic of these legendary tales to life throughout the World Book Day weekend at Camden Market.” The study also found that, of those who are parents, 87 percent have encouraged their little ones to read their favourite tales from their childhood. In fact, 66 percent have read their preferred children’s novels to their youngster, doing so 13 times on average. And nearly seven in ten have already - or intend to - hand down hard copies of their most beloved stories to their offspring. More than half of the mums and dads polled believe it’s important for their child to do plenty of reading. It also emerged 62 percent of adults have even re-read a much-loved children’s book in their adulthood, and have read a single storybook from their youth as many as six times. The research also revealed favourite characters from these unforgettable tales, with marmalade-loving Paddington Bear coming out on top. He was closely followed by Beatrix Potter’s mischief-making Peter Rabbit, and A. A. Milne’s “silly old bear”, Winnie the Pooh. A number of Roald Dahl’s marvellous character creations featured in the top 20, including Willy Wonka, Matilda, the BFG and Charlie Bucket. And the “Wonka bar” was named the most iconic fable food from childhood tales - beating Butterbeer from Harry Potter and Snozzcumbers from the BFG. As a result, half of those polled agreed Roald Dahl is the best children’s author - despite second-place Enid Blyton authoring their favourite childhood fiction. Maggie Milosavljevic added: “You can always tell a good book, because it’s able to transport you to far off imaginary lands that you feel like you’ve really been to. “We’ve created a number of fictional foods to tickle people’s tastebuds this World Book Day, to help bring the magic of storytelling to life. “People can come along to the markets to try a whole host of delicious concoctions, such as a Hungry Caterpillar inspired ice cream and a colourful Cheshire Cat pancake. “There will also be readings from famous authors Nicholas Allen, Holly Webb and Konnie Huq, and a whole host of entertainment.” For more information on the World Book Day activity, and to book tickets to the event on March 5-6, go to the Camden Market website. TOP 50 CHILDREN'S BOOKS: TOP 20 CHILDREN'S STORYBOOK CHARACTERS: