Not only will this affect people on Universal Credit, but it will also apply to Britons who receive Personal Independence Payments (PIP) and Pension Credit. Here are all the state benefit payment dates for April. Millions of Britons depend on money from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to help them get by on a day-to-day basis. While these are usually paid at the same time every month, payment dates can change when it comes to bank holidays. With Easter just a few weeks away that also means people’s pay will be affected by bank holidays on Good Friday and Easter Monday. To help Britons prepare, the DWP has confirmed exactly when they can expect to receive all benefits including Universal Credit, PIP and Pension Credit. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: Three ways to cut your HMRC bill before tax year end  When will I receive Universal Credit? People who usually get paid their Universal Credit on Friday, April 15 will receive their money a day early on Thursday April 14. This applies to everyone who receives any benefits on this day. Anyone who would usually receive Universal Credit (or any state benefits) on Monday April 18 will receive it three days early on Thursday April 14. This applies to all benefits including Universal Credit, PIP, Pension Credit and working tax and child credits. DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] This date change also applies to anyone who receives attendance allowance, the state pension and carer’s allowance. In addition, anyone who relies on jobseeker's allowance, disability living allowance or employment and support allowance will be paid early if their usual payment date falls on a bank holiday. Anyone who isn’t working, or who receives a low income, can apply for Universal Credit as long as they have less than £16,000 in savings. More than two million people who claim Universal Credit are in work but rely on this money to top up a low income. People can also apply for a Universal Credit advance or loan which could help them make ends meet until their payments come through. Claimants can borrow between £100 and £800 which will need to be paid back over 12 months. A loan on the other hand is for people who are already claiming but need emergency money to cover an unexpected expense. Applying for Universal Credit also opens the door to 30 other financial benefits. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Universal Credit freebies: