A flower variety described as "perfection" was detailed by a gardening influencer who regularly stuns fans with her gorgeous blooms. Sophie Valentine is the mum-of-three behind Look Inside My Garden. She showed off a flower she grew of the Dahlia Isabel variety. The flower had a stunning 50/50 split of peach and pink in the petals and was just mesmerising to look at. Sophie said: "Some dahlia varieties are so amazing and each individual flower so unique. READ MORE: How to fix brown patches in your lawn - five common causes and how to fix them "Isabel was incredible to see and some flowers were more peach and others pink. One was even 50/50!" Fans were quick to agree. One commented: "The two-tone of this Dahlia is just amazing." Another wrote: "Wow that’s soo stunning." Dahlia Isabel is a small, ball-shaped type of dahlia, with coral, pink, and peach hues. DON'T MISSLawn seed: The 8 key steps to growing grass in your garden [INSIGHT] The mowing trick to ‘always’ use when cutting grass [EXPERT] 'Stop using any peat': Gardener details 'best option' for compost [WARNING] They grow up to 44 inches in height and bloom from midsummer until the autumn frost. These dahlias like full sun, but can prefer light shade where it is very hot. Like all dahlias, Dahlia Isabel likes to be in sheltered spots. They look beautiful grown in clusters together and among tall grass and like clay, loam, and sand soils.  Sow these plans undercover in March and April, keeping them inside to allow tender seedlings to grow. They can be planted outside directly from May to July Expect stunning flowers from July until November. For lovers of the dahlia, one gardening guru has warned the flowers are "extremely sensitive" and shared her top tips on how to grow dahlias. Lizzie, behind The Rose Press Garden, told Express.co.uk: "My top tip would be to ensure you check your last frost dates. "Dahlia foliage is extremely sensitive to frost so ensure they’re grown under cover until the frosts pass." As soon as the spring frost is underway, gardeners should be able to coax gorgeous flowers from their dahlias. Sophie suggested another flower to grow in your garden now, the Spanish Flag. She recommended the colourful and hardy plant for your garden this year, dubbing them "incredible".