Valery Morozov, a Political analyst and Russian exile sat down on GB News to give an insight into Russian President Vladimir Putin's mind. Putin has invaded neighbouring Ukraine and has been threatening Western powers with nuclear warfare if any of them try to step in. Many global leaders, as well as citizens, have been worried by Putin's threats to obliterate the world as we know it. Mr Morzov explained how the threat of nuclear war was seen in the days of the Soviet Union, and he also explained to Brits that some places will survive.  Mr Morozov said: "In the Soviet Union, it was considered that in case of nuclear conflict there will be several states or several regions will be destroyed completely and it will not be possible to live. "But say the United Kingdom it was maybe in Europe first, France, Germany than the United States. "And in Russia in any case there will be territories where people will survive and they're preparing for nuclear conflict. "And I know that during my stay in Russia they were preparing..." JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv GB News host said: "So that was the Soviet view?" Mr Morozov said: "No no, I'm saying that even after the Soviet Union. "You know when Putin came he has been preparing in case of nuclear war, new facilities." GB News host said: "For some areas to survive and for some areas to be obliterated." READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse Mr Morozov said: "But in any case, Russia is approximately 30 percent of the territory of the earth and there will be huge territories which will not be attacked. "Much more than Europe so on these territories." GB News host said: "That's his thinking? There's an acceptable level of obliteration?" My Morozov added: "You know you should understand that when Russians... That's what I'm saying in the West you don't understand Russian psychology and Russian civilisation." During a press conference yesterday in Russia, Putin said: "Now we are hearing that no-fly zone must be established over the territory of Ukraine. "It is impossible to do over the territory of Ukraine, it is only possible from the territory of some neighbouring countries. "But any move in this direction will be seen by us as a participation in the armed conflict or whichever side whose territory will pose a threat to our service members.  DON’T MISS:'He's gone berserk' Putin mental state under question as Polish mayor slams Russia leader "That very second we will view them as participants of the military conflict and would not matter what members they are." Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Brits are prepared in a recent interview with the Telegraph. Mr Wallace said: “The thing to say to Putin is don’t underestimate us, don’t test us. “History is littered with authoritarian leaders underestimating the wider West and the United Kingdom. “He clearly underestimated the international community.” Mr Wallace added: “We must not be afraid of Putin. “But if we stick together and refuse to be intimidated, then I believe he will fail.”  