Tottenham put aside their own inconsistent form to blow away a hapless Everton side 5-0 at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to pile the pressure on Frank Lampard’s side. Antonio Conte’s men had lost three of their last five games but boosted their chances of finishing in the top four by exposing Everton’s defensive issues with a convincing victory. The opener arrived just eight minutes into the game when Ryan Sessegnon’s cross was bundled home into his own net by Michael Keane, who was under pressure from Harry Kane. Spurs struck while the iron was still burning hot and doubled their advantage through Heung-min Son after a neat pass from Dejan Kulusevski. In truth, it could and should have been more as Spurs threatened to run riot on the break, and Kane got his third after springing the offside trap to finish sublimely past Pickford. Things went from bad to worse just 45 seconds after the interval as substitute Sergio Reguilon added a fourth and Kane marvellously volleyed home to complete a five-star performance and pile on the misery for Everton. Here, Express Sport looks at five things we learned from Monday’s game at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium… JUST IN: Tottenham boss Conte has decisions to make on four players It really is a pleasure to watch Harry Kane at his devastating best. At times, he has the illusion of being three moves ahead of the players around him. Against Manchester City, he put in one of the finest individual displays seen for some time. This was collectively an impressive display for Spurs, but Kane was one of those to steal the show alongside Kulusevski, Doherty and Son. The striker looks fresh and fit again after appearing sluggish and uninterested when Nuno Espirito Santo was in charge. Conte’s relentless work on the training ground may be responsible for that, but the 28-year-old has regained his passion for scoring goals again. The two goals he scored here were just typically classy from a striker who, on his day, is one of the world’s best. To find the corner with precision was impressive, but volleying home from an acute angle was awe-inspiring. If Tottenham are to mount a serious challenge to Arsenal, Manchester United and West Ham for the final top-four spot, having Kane hit form at the right time will do their chances a world of good. MUST READArsenal hatch plot to scupper Tottenham transfer plans with £15m bidTottenham boss Conte blasts own team's medical departmentConte reveals recent outburst hid a secret message to Tottenham stars Frank Lampard is only five games into his Everton career but already, the former Chelsea boss is finding the reality of a scrap for survival difficult to bear. Unbeaten in his three previous meetings with Spurs as a manager, Lampard’s task of getting the Toffees out of the relegation zone was made more complex by his counterpart Antonio Conte, who provided a tactical masterclass in exposing his Everton side at the back. Lampard’s side started positively, showing they weren’t afraid with the ball and pressed high in central areas. But that suited how Spurs wanted to play, with quick direct moves worked through Harry Kane. Everton fell naively into the trap of pressing in their own defensive third, chasing the ball when they should have held position and Spurs graciously accepted the space afforded to them. They simply could not cope with the overload of the wing-backs, in addition to the front three of Kane, Son and Dejan Kulusevski. Within 15 minutes, the game was all but over after Keane’s own goal and Son’s strike. It always felt like the Merseysiders were one misplaced pass away from conceding a third — and Spurs’ attackers salivated at the opportunity to pad their goal statistics. While it was admirable that Lampard came to north London with a positive plan to win, his side looked a long away from the team that defended resolutely against Manchester City. More collapses of this kind and they will be in grave danger of plummeting into the second tier. Dejan Kulusevski has wasted no time whatsoever in settling into his new surroundings at Tottenham after joining on loan from Juventus on deadline day — and his exploits in the Spurs front three have reignited Kane and Son’s magic. Statistically, the Swede has been in fine form, scoring twice and supplying two assists in his six appearances for the club. But crucially, his relationship with Spurs’ two main man has been almost telepathic at times. Spurs often rely on Kane and Son to provide their match-winning moments and the pair scored a goal apiece, but it was Kulusevski on the right flank — working with Matt Doherty — that took on the role of playmaker in creating those opportunities. The 21-year-old needed only 45 seconds after the break to grab his second assist, rolling an inviting cross to Sergio Reguilon to smash home from close range. Tottenham have the option to sign the winger for just £35m this summer and, on the evidence of his fast start with the north London club, Conte will be urging his club to get the deal done. The names that featured in Everton’s starting XI at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium included Richarlison, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Allan, Abdoulaye Doucoure and Jordan Pickford. On paper, few would associate those names with playing in the Championship. But the uncomfortable idea of that scenario becoming a reality is fast approaching. For all of their attacking talent, Everton are not scoring goals. Worse yet, the permeable centre-back pairing of Michael Keane and Mason Holgate are hardly protecting the club from slipping into dangerous territory with torrid defensive displays at the other end. Keane has struggled with individual errors since his £30m move from Burnley four years ago and his own goal, following his crucial mistake last week, only exacerbated his personal situation. The England international was at fault again for the second goal, chasing down a ball that he was never getting to, allowing Son a free shot at Pickford. The goalkeeper will know he should have kept it out, but he was let down by the defenders in front of him. Keane’s nightmare half was capped by Kane’s goal for the third, with the defender completely unaware of the striker running in behind him, and it was no surprise to see him hooked at the interval. If this Everton side did go down, it would be one of the biggest shocks in Premier League history. But those who are watching Everton’s current performances will fear it is becoming a more feasible scenario with every game they lose. When Conte made the switch to a 3-4-3 at Chelsea, he needed to find a wing-back to fill the role — and turned to Victor Moses, a winger who was a tireless operator on the flank but not the most prolific. And so, the Italian trialled him in a more defensive wing-back role which required him to supply crosses and also track back to support the defence. To this day, it is a decision widely regarded as key to Chelsea’s Premier League triumph in 2016-17. At Spurs, Conte had struggled to find his perfect fit on the left flank. The Italian wasn’t convinced by Sergio Reguilon and shifted Ben Davies into the back three, leaving him with 21-year-old Sessegnon. The £25m signing had only featured six times in the Premier League for his club before Conte took over, having been frozen out by Jose Mourinho and sent out on loan to Hoffenheim. But the England Under-21 international has gone from strength to strength with a run of games in a system that suits him. Like Moses, he is an adept crosser and is prepared to make runs in behind. That proved the case when he somehow whipped in a low cross, which caused Keane to put the ball into his own net, and hand Spurs a relieving opener. It may just prove to be the start of another blooming relationship between Conte and an out-of-favour winger, now happier as a wing-back.