Sky F1 duo Martin Brundle and Anthony Davidson have labelled Red Bull the ‘clear favourites’ for the Formula 1 titles after pre-season testing in Bahrain. However, they also singled out motorsport giants Ferrari as the real contenders ahead of Mercedes and McLaren. When discussing how they rank the grid heading into the opening race in Bahrain this weekend, Brundle and Davidson agreed on the pecking order and placed Red Bull firmly at the front. Ferrari had been the favourites around the paddock for much of the Bahrain test, but Red Bull's upgraded car didn’t just appear innovative with the new sidepod design. The Milton Keynes-based team - whose drivers are world champion Max Verstappen and the experienced Sergio Perez - translated to fast times on the track as Perez topped the morning session before Verstappen outpaced Ferrari's Charles Leclerc by 0.7s in the evening. While Christian Horner and Red Bull insist practice times are ‘irrelevant’, Brundle and Davidson were impressed. JUST IN: Horner trolls Mercedes and explains Hamilton and Verstappen 'tension' “Red Bull for me came away as the clear favourites,” said Brundle. “I have absolutely no doubts in my mind that the aero package on the Red Bull took a significant step forward today. “Red Bull have moved the game on today in terms of raw pace, long run pace. “They've been smiling all day. I think the pieces they put on the car suddenly made the whole car look better.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen prediction will be music to the ears of Lewis Hamilton'Not the same last season!' Nick Knowles swipes F1's Max VerstappenLewis Hamilton makes F1 retirement vow as he drops hint over new deal Davidson was quick to agree with Brundle’s Red Bull pick, adding: “They found something with the ride of the car and it looks very good.” However, the pair insisted Ferrari are still in contention. While team principal Mattia Binotto is playing down his team’s chances, the Scuderia have been the most consistent team throughout pre-season testing and there is a real feeling around the paddock that they are genuine contenders in the early races. “Red Bull have got a race on their hands with Ferrari," stated Brundle. “That's a front runner, that's a contender, no doubt about it.” Meanwhile, Mercedes’ performance is confusing as seven-time Lewis Hamilton appears to be genuinely concerned about their progress. Brundle and Davidson agreed the Silver Arrows are the third-fastest team in the sport right now. Most fans believe the team are holding performance back but Hamilton was adamant that the octuple world champions, who brought a new-look car to Bahrain, will not be in race-winning contention at the start of the season. It was just that the pace wasn't evident as the car was also bouncing around - or 'porpoising' - more than most. “The [Mercedes] car looks a handful but who would you put in front of them?” said Brundle. “I’d go Mercedes [in third]. "Don't write them off, Mercedes. I'm sure when they turn up - even in Race One - they'll be quite a bit faster.” Davidson added: “I still feel like there's more in it. “But it just doesn't look good to drive and sparked by the bouncing issues they have.” The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.