HBO’s acclaimed new costume drama from the creator of Downton Abbey has proven a hit amongst period TV fans, and a second season is already confirmed to be in the works. George Russell (played by Morgan Spector) and his wife Bertha (Carrie Coon) ended the first season of The Gilded Age at the top of New York high society, but there could be a heavy price to pay when the series continues. Series regular Morgan hinted George’s downfall is still to come following the acclaimed debut of The Gilded Age. In the season finale, George exerted his pressure to ensure Bertha’s ball was a success. As Mrs Astor (Donna Murphy) seemingly refused the invitation, George used his financial influence to force men who were indebted to him to convince their wives to attend. Although he finds his wife’s social pursuits trivial, his love for Bertha knows no bounds and he’ll stop at nothing to ensure her happiness. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales This even extended to financially ruining a group of businessmen after Bertha was snubbed by their wives. Despite affirming his status as one of the most powerful men in New York this season, The Gilded Age’s confirmed follow-up may not end so well for the Russells. “I think you have to be looking over your shoulder if you have the kind of power George has,” Morgan teased. While Bertha managed to host the social event of the season in last week’s finale, George has still made some powerful enemies in the city. After the city’s aldermen conspired against him, George’s retaliation drove them into ruin and even led to Patrick Morris (Michel Gill) taking his own life. Morgan told IndieWire: “I mean, the aldermen have no small degree of power. “This stuff has to continue to be finessed, I think. I think if you have the kind of power he has, then you probably have enemies. “That’s something that he’s going to have to keep an eye on for sure.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op? [THEORY]Bridgerton's Lady Featherington star details wardrobe mishap [INSIGHT]Star Trek’s Kate Mulgrew aims jab at Discovery [EXCLUSIVE] George’s railroad plans for the city have certainly made an impression on New York’s rich and powerful. Whether it’s the aldermen or another level of the city’s elite, someone could be waiting in the wings for the perfect opportunity to make another strike against the Russells. As the HBO drama has already been renewed for a second season, George and Bertha will have to watch their backs if their status as popular socialites is to remain intact. Despite his morally repellent actions throughout the first season, Morgan is still reluctant to call George the villain of the piece. “I don’t see him as a villain,” the actor insisted. “I see him as a really relatable human being who does things I think he’s sort of responding reasonably to, given the circumstances in which he lives on a moment to moment basis. “I do think that the economic system that prevailed at that time was profoundly unjust, immoral, exploitative and brutal… that level of inequality is indefensible.” George may just be a symptom of New York’s precarious capitalist system, but his greed and ambition could prove his downfall if he crosses the line again in season two. The Gilded Age season 1 is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and NOW and Sky Go in the UK.