Unless you’re one of the few people in the world who genuinely enjoys cleaning, chances are you want to get the job over with as quickly as possible - without compromising on the squeaky clean results. One tip cleaning experts - like Mrs Hinch, for instance - have for those looking to clean their floors quickly as easily is opting for a steam mop. And Amazon has given one from Russel Hobbs a decent discount, bringing it down to under £40. Buy: Amazon (£38.99) READ MORE: Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back READ MORE: The ceramic egg BBQ Aldi shoppers praise as ‘great quality, better price’ is back in stock  The Russell Hobbs Steam and Clean Steam Mop has a super quick 25-second heat-up time, and has 25-minutes of steam time - so you can clean large areas in a short amount of time. If you don’t think a steam mop would be much better than a mop and bucket, take a look at what this reviewer had to say: “I normally use an old fashioned mop and bucket to clean my floors, and I thought that does the job however after using this for the first time today I was proven wrong. Buy: Amazon (£38.99) “It’s left my floors looking amazing”. A huge bonus of using a steam mop is that, unlike manual mopping, you don’t need to use cleaning chemicals as the steam does all the germ-busting for you. This not only saves you money on cleaning supplies but also stops your home from having a chemical scent and ensures your floors are safe for babies and pets. A reviewer who was used to using a far more expensive steam mop on the market said: “After initially buying an expensive Vax steam mop - which stopped working after a couple of uses - I bought this as a cheaper stop-gap alternative whilst the Vax was being returned and exchanged. "However, after using this I can honestly say I won’t be going back to Vax. “This model is so much easier to use: lightweight, stores neatly, simple and user friendly. I love it. Buy: Amazon (£38.99) “Mopping doesn’t feel like a massive chore I have to work myself up for like it did with the fiddlier and heavier Vax model. It’s so straightforward, even my husband could work it out”. The mop comes with two microfibre pads that are machine washable and can therefore be used time and time again, which is a major advantage for eco-conscious cleaners. You can buy the Russell Hobbs RHSM1001-G Steam and Clean Steam Mop while it's still on sale on Amazon here.