 In a speech at the Conservative Party’s spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself."     The backlash from the comment was instant and fierce, from all sides of the political spectrum. Conservative peer Lord Barwell said voting in a referendum was not "in any way comparable with risking your life" in a war. Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood, chair of the defence select committee, tweeted: "Comparing the Ukrainian people's fight against Putin's tyranny to the British people voting for Brexit damages the standard of statecraft we were beginning to exhibit." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey called the Prime Minister a "national embarrassment" and said the comments were an “insult” to Ukrainians. SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford said Mr Johnson's comments were "crass and distasteful". READ MORE: EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war Donald Tusk, the former president of the European Council, tweeted: "Boris, your words offend Ukrainians, the British and common sense". Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister and the European Parliament's chief Brexit negotiator, said the comparison was "insane". According to the Times, a “close source” said the Prime Minister regretted the comments. The source said the comparison “sounded better written down than it did when spoken”. Forced to speak for Number 10 in a series of pre-scheduled TV and radio interviews on Sunday, Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak told Times Radio: “People will make up their own minds. “But I can tell you categorically, the Prime Minister does not think that the situation in Ukraine and Brexit are directly comparable. “Of course they’re not, no one would say that they are. He was making some general comments about freedom in different guises.” So what do you think? Should the Prime Minister apologise and clarify what he meant? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comments section below.