Danni Menzies has been a regular presenter on A Place in the Sun since 2016 and during that time, the Channel 4 presenter has helped many house hunters to find their dream holiday home abroad. Despite recently announcing her plans to leave the show, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, Danni recalled some of her recent property searches. The expert explained there was a lot of emotion during her most recent house hunt abroad. Recalling one episode, Danni began: "It's emotional when you get people who have wanted to do it forever and they’re finally taking the leap. "There were a couple of sisters that were lovely, they were dog mad and it was a really good, fun week. "I think one of them has been through quite a lot so it meant, even more, to actually be making it happen." READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? She continued: "There was a bit of a moment where there were some tears, but sort of happy tears. "[It was] maybe [them] reflecting a bit on what has happened in the past and the fact that they were finally there. "I think one of them had a health scare on one of the shows and on another show, one had lost their son. So it was a really big deal. "So, standing in the property imagining all the family there, there was a lot of emotion." Danni has been shut down by many of her guests in the past, and she admitted that it can sometimes be difficult to meet their criteria. She went on to add that more often than not, their priorities can also change when they see the properties. "It’s tough because you never know what people are going to love or what they're not going to love and priorities always change drastically," the presenter admitted. "They're on location and you're seeing things in real life." DON'T MISS...Neighbours heartache as Willis clan become first family to exit show [SPOILERS]GMB backlash as host states Jamaica 'don't want William or Kate here' [VIDEO]James Martin addresses career move as he opens up on dyslexia [INSIGHT] "So, you think you want one thing and then you get there, something else becomes more important," she added. The 32-year-old explained that during some bad property searches, she starts to panic if she fails to impress her house hunters. Danni said: "If they like all five [properties] it’s like, ‘are you taking this seriously?’ because you can’t love everything. "I find it okay if they don’t like a couple [of properties] but if you get to property three and they don’t like one of those, then you start to panic a bit and you're like, 'Oh God, are we doing it right?'" Last month, Danni confirmed she would be leaving A Place in the Sun after six years. The presenter explained she wanted to step away from the show to embark on projects closer to home. She said in a statement: "I will never forget the day I got the call for this opportunity and I will always be so grateful for it. It’s been an absolute blast! SO many lovely people, places and special memories. "I’ve got plenty of new shows in coming out in the next series so although I’ve finished filming it’s not quite the end of me on the show yet!" A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.