It's Wednesday, the clock has struck midnight, and there's a brand new Wordle puzzle to solve. Recent puzzles have been criticised for being too hard, specifically since The New York Times purchased the rights to the game. Fortunately, Express Online is here to make your Wordle puzzle solving that little bit easier, courtesy of three spoiler-free hints and clues to help you solve Wordle 270 for March 16. Just head down to the bottom of the page for the hints, and remember not to share the answer with people in the comments. Good luck! Wordle is a pretty straightforward game, but just in case you're new to the popular pastime, this is how it works. Fans are given six chances to correctly guess a five-letter word. For each guess, the letter tiles will show up in one of three colours. If the letter tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. You can share your score on social media (for bragging rights), while the app keeps track of your statistics. On the flipside, if you fail to solve the puzzle, then you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle to be released. Read on for some general Wordle tips, followed by three specific clues for Wordle 270... Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 270 clues... 1. Wordle 270 has two vowels. 2. Wordle 270 starts with the letter 'C'. 3. With the game's popularity on the rise, it won't be long before people start throwing Wordle parties. Just make sure you get someone decent to do the food and drink.