After failing to find the back of the net against Inter Milan on Tuesday night, Mohamed Salah has warned that he might make up for that against Brighton at the weekend. Thankfully for Liverpool fans, the Egyptian’s quiet night didn’t prevent them from progressing into the Champions League quarter-finals. The Reds had a two-goal advantage heading into their second leg tie against Inter following an impressive performance at the San Siro last month. Jurgen Klopp’s side dominated the first half and looked to be cruising into the quarter-finals without having to break a nervous sweat. However, a sensational strike from Lautaro Martinez gave Inter the lead and the Serie A side had momentum… for no longer than a minute after Alexis Sanchez was sent off for a second bookable offence moments after the restart. Beyond that point, it was smooth sailing for Liverpool and Klopp’s side made the most of their numerical advantage. JUST IN: Cristiano Ronaldo's telling Man Utd training ground actions  Salah hit both posts against Inter in what was an ‘off night’ for the former Roma star, and the 29-year-old is keen to make amends up against Brighton in the Premier League. Speaking after the game to BT Sport, Salah said: "I hit the post a couple of times, maybe next game I’ll score three but the most important thing is that the team performed and we’re through into the next round. “They’re a tough team, they were very good in the first leg too. We were able to hold the ball up a bit more in the second half and were helped by the red card but we’re through to the next round so it’s all good. “We need to start better from the beginning, we need to push a little bit more, maybe in the back of our mind we felt we were a little bit overconfident, but it’s a good game for us to take and learn from. It’s always important to win a game, but like tonight we hit the post twice, had a lot of chances, but that can happen in football and the good thing is that we qualified.” READ MORE: Tottenham transfer plans could hinge on Wolves' pact with Barcelona The prospect of Salah finding his clinical edge at the AMEX Stadium on Saturday is certainly a frightening thought for the Seagulls, who head into the match on the back of four consecutive defeats. But they will have already been drawing up plans on how to attempt to deal with Salah prior to his threats after the Champions League tie. The former Chelsea forward has scored 19 goals and assisted 10 in 25 appearances for the Reds so far this season and will need to continue bagging goals for fun in his side are to close the gap on league leaders Manchester City. The Etihad Stadium outfit are six points clear at the top of the table currently, but they have played one game more than Liverpool. After winning the Carabao Cup, there is every chance that the Reds could win a historic quadruple – assuming that City slip up at least once in their last 10 games of the campaign. Speaking about that prospect, former Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand said: “ I don’t want to imagine it. Listen, they have the quality. No doubt. This squad is full of winners, full of people with big passion and desire to go and win things. The mentality, the mindset is there, they’ve got a great manager pushing them. It’s not beyond them, we’ll have to wait and see. “What they’ve done to get back into the title race is nothing short of miraculous. Living in Liverpool, people have faith in Jurgen Klopp.” It remains to be seen whether Salah is able to get on the scoresheet against Graham Potter’s Brighton on Saturday or whether the South Coast side can stand firm against Liverpool and take confidence from Inter Milan’s clean sheet on Tuesday.