The urge to act on your emotions could lead you down two paths today, with productivity and unnecessary stress both on the cards as a result of the Last Quarter Moon. Expect this crisis energy to prevail into the weekend, with conflict arising as you weigh up your own sense of responsibility with impulsiveness and personal plans. Express.co.uk reveals your horoscope, star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for today.   Capricorn is known as a cardinal sign, which implies a need to take action. When practicality and activity combine, the urge to master material resources is usually present. Impulsive urges and the need to be active will be challenged by your own conscience and sense of responsibility throughout the day. While an innately serious and responsible nature is a key characteristic of those born with a Capricorn moon, all signs will feel the effects of the lunar position today. READ MORE: Orient star hits out at EFL after Liverpool receive postponement Cafe Astrology said: “The Last Quarter Moon occurs early today when the Capricorn Moon forms a square to the Aries Sun. “Our sense of responsibility or the proper/mature path can conflict with our personal plans.” The square position of the Moon to the earth sign Capricorn is due to occur at 5.38am BST, which could spark crisis-like energy from the moment you wake up. While these chaotic feelings can appear negative on the surface, we can channel the quarter Moon’s crisis-oriented energy into productiveness, or we can stress ourselves out - the choice is ours to make. The Capricorn Moon is responsible, astute, and security-oriented, but the Mercury-Uranus semi-square can add some erratic elements to the day. These wilder aspects include our communications, thought processes, and outlook. Cafe Astrology said: “We may be rushing to complete something, share an idea, or communicate, but things may end up half-done if we’re impatient. “We are quickly distracted and bored with routine, which can be a sign that we need some mental refreshment.” DON'T MISS:Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours [REVEAL]Princess Victoria's zodiac shows she's 'too overprotective' as a mum [ANALYSIS]Leo is 'the centre of attention' but 'appearances are deceiving' [INSIGHT] The Moon will reach its penultimate phase of the lunar cycle today, with just one quarter of the face visible in the sky. This crucial part of the sequence marks exactly one week since the last full moon, but what does it mean for you? Beginnings and endings are strongly impacted by the Last Quarter Moon, which is known as a good time to close ongoing projects or plans. The position of the moon in the early hours of the morning will encourage readjustment and review, arising from a “crisis in consciousness”, according to Cafe Astrology. While this is a notoriously positive time for ending your current ventures, it brings quite the opposite effect on the concept of new beginnings. Hold off on launching new projects or trying new things - you might not get the reaction you had hoped for. Correcting wrongs and eliminating existing worries or stress are the focus of the day, but be warned that disillusionment could cloud positive feelings. These feelings will continue until the end of the month, until the New Moon occurs in early April, so focus on tying up loose ends for the time being.