Last week, Vladimir Putin launched a full-scale invasion of the former Soviet nation despite weeks of talks and threats of sanctions from the West. Reports suggested at least 2,000 Ukrainian civilians have been killed as Putin launched his attack. And now, reports have claimed the Ukraine Embassy in London is experiencing a massive cyberattack. According to the Insider, all websites and emails are down in the Embassy. This latest incident comes after Prime Minister Boris Johnson accused Putin's forces of war crimes. At Prime Minister's Questions, Mr Johnson said: "Putin has gravely miscalculated; in his abhorrent assault on a sovereign nation, he has underestimated the extraordinary fortitude of the Ukrainian people and the unity and resolve of the free world in standing up to his barbarism." Strikes that damaged the Babi Yar Holocaust memorial in Kyiv and the central square in Kharkiv have caused revulsion. Western allies fear it is a sign of a shift in Russian tactics further towards the indiscriminate targeting of urban areas. The United Nations' refugee agency believes around 874,000 people have fled Ukraine but that figure is soon expected to reach a million. Mr Johnson told MPs: "What we have seen already from Vladimir Putin's regime in the use of the munitions that they have already been dropping on innocent civilians, in my view, already fully qualifies as a war crime." READ MORE; ‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN But the Prime Minister said "the vice is tightening on the Putin regime" through the sanctions imposed by the West. Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that 498 Russian soldiers had died in Ukraine and another 1,597 had been wounded since the beginning of Moscow's military operation there, Russia's RIA news agency reported. It was the first time that Moscow had put a figure on its casualties. The ministry also said that more than 2,870 Ukrainian soldiers and "nationalists" had been killed and about 3,700 wounded, according to Interfax. DON'T MISS Jeremy Vine outrage over Russian soldier's death remarks [INSIGHT] Ukrainian ambassador accuses Russia of 'genocide' in latest speech [COMMENT] India orders immediate evacuation of citizens from Ukraine [REVEAL] The numbers could not be independently verified and there was no immediate comment from Ukraine. More than 500,000 people have fled the country since the invasion, another UN official said on Monday – among the millions who have left their homes. Putin's mental state was brought into question with one of his former close colleagues suggested he is "increasingly going mad". Concerns for Putin's mental health are particularly relevant as the Russian leader has his finger on the nuclear trigger.  However, British defence minister Ben Wallace said he does not expect Putin to use nuclear weapons in his pursuit of Ukraine. Mr Wallace told Times Radio: "We should be worried that a state like Russia believes that the rules don't apply to them, whether that is invading Ukraine or using nerve agent in Salisbury, but fundamentally a deterrent is what it is, a deterrent. "As much as he might be ambitious for Ukraine, I don't think he wants to go into that space." Former US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, who served under President George W. Bush, called Putin’s recent behavior "erratic." She said on Sunday: "I met with him many times, and this is a different Putin. "He was always calculating and cold, but this is different. "He seems erratic. "There is an ever deepening, delusional rendering of history." On Monday, officials from Moscow and Kyiv attended the talks which Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky hoped would establish a ceasefire and get Russia to withdraw forces. The talks were held on the border with Russia's strongest ally Belarus. But a convoy of military vehicles was seen heading east in what looked like preparation to join the Russian invasion.