Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced a reduction of five pence on fuel duty last week during his Spring Statement, in an attempt to protect drivers from increasing prices. Despite this, many drivers have reported seeing very little change in the price of petrol and diesel at forecourts around the UK. Some petrol stations even increased their prices before the announcement, essentially negating any savings for the driver. Drivers are advised that they can save around one percent of their fuel consumption by only half filling their car. As a result of the added weight of the car from the fuel, the engine needs to work harder to move the car, thus using up more fuel. This may not be for everyone, as some motorists who need to drive long distances to fill their tank may see the savings undone by the cost of the extra miles. READ MORE: New car tax proposals would save drivers money on fuel costs Despite this, for some drivers, it could be worth visiting twice as many times and half-filling their car to save them money overall. Sam Sheehan, Motoring and Lifestyle Editor at cinch, advised drivers that they can help save money on petrol and diesel using some key tips. He said: “The energy crisis is hitting motorists hard, with fuel prices on track to reach an unprecedented £2 a litre at some forecourts. “To fill up a small hatchback can now cost north of £80. DON'T MISSAnger at drivers dumping cars around homes [SHOCKING]‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists [COMMENT]Parking law which would charge £550 a year slammed by angry drivers [WARNING] “On top of rising costs more generally, drivers are looking to make small changes where possible to reduce the toll on their bank balances - and go that extra mile for less. “There are many things motorists can change to make all the difference - from keeping your car properly maintained to clearing out the mess in your boot you’ve been choosing to ignore, to shed a little extra weight. “Half-filling your car’s fuel tank can also be more efficient, or using fewer gadgets when driving. “Many motorists are considering making a long-awaited move to a car that uses less or non-traditional fuels, like a hybrid or EV. “ Drivers can also save fuel by easing the load of their car by removing any unnecessary items, including roof boxes or bike racks. Extra loads like these can cost drivers a few pence in every pound spent at the pumps. Driving more efficiently can also save money on fuel as most cars return the best economy at around 45 or 55 miles per hour. Travelling too fast or too slow on a road where it’s legal and safe to travel at a higher speed can be detrimental to fuel efficiency. Motorists can also look for the cheapest garages near them as the difference between the highest and lowest fuel prices can be as much as 10 percent. Supermarkets often offer the cheapest fuel and vie with each other to compete for trade, hoping people will shop there, too. Currently, RAC Fuel Watch data shows that a litre of petrol on average costs 163.3p per litre, while diesel costs 177.11p a litre. According to Fuel Prediction, petrol prices could still increase in the coming weeks, with an estimate of 196.5p per litre by the start of June. Based on machine learning and fuel price data, it warns that an upper prediction for petrol prices could see it topping £2 a litre, an unprecedented price. Diesel prices could also increase dramatically, with a 10 week forecast showing a standard prediction of the price of a litre of diesel reaching 215.68p per litre, while an upper prediction could see motorists paying £2.29 per litre.