Police are now appealing for witnesses to the incident. The screams came from the inside of a white van in Coventry last night. The vehicle was spotted in Cheylesmore at around 8.40pm.  A spokesperson for Coventry Police said: "We’re investigating a potential kidnap in Coventry. "This is after receiving a report of a woman screaming from inside a van as it was driven off. "It happened at the junction Quinton Park & Blondvil St in Cheylesmore at 8.40pm. "We're told a bare-chested man drove away in a white van and that a woman was screaming inside.   "We're making local enquiries. "It’s not clear what’s happened. "There could be an innocent explanation but our priority is making sure if a woman was in the van she's safe and well." Police have asked anyone with information to call 999 quoting log number 3459 from March 13. The news comes after a siege in Coventry was brought to a safe end last month. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin military efforts delivered huge blow from West  This was after police forced their way into a property where a father had been barricaded in with his eight-year-son since Sunday. Armed officers arrived just after 8.30pm and arrested the 41-year-old man. He was then taken into custody, where he will be assessed by mental health professionals. His son, thought to be physically unharmed, is with other family members and will receive any necessary support from professionals for any emotional and medical requirements. Supt Ronan Tyrer, of Coventry Police, said: “This has been an incredibly sensitive and challenging siege, which had a boy aged eight, at its heart. "His safety was our main concern throughout this. DON'T MISS Russia jet plummers from sky after Ukrainian defence forces down it [SPOTLIGHT]Sky's Sophy Ridge tears Gove apart over Johnson plans for Russia [REVEAL]Zelensky in brutal forecast as he warns invasion to backfire on Putin [INSIGHT]   "And so I’m sure everyone in Coventry shares in our relief that we have been able to get him safely out of the house today. "The situation became untenable and it was decided to bring the siege to an end. "At all times, we had to balance the risk to the boy being kept in the house, with the risk that he could be harmed if we did enter the house. "Thankfully, he appears to be physically unharmed at this stage. "But he is being properly cared for now to ensure he gets all the emotional and other support he needs." 