Stuart Ramsay was wounded in the attack and his camera operator Richie Mockler took two rounds to his body armour. The crew had been travelling by car to the town of Bucha, 30 km west of Kyiv, when they were set upon by a "saboteur Russian reconnaissance squad" firing into the car. All five members of the crew managed to escape and flee into a nearby factory unit, where they hid until they were rescued by the Ukrainian police. They have all now safely returned to the UK.  While en route to Bucha to report on a Russian convoy that had been destroyed by the Ukrainian army, they were told at a checkpoint that it was too dangerous to go any further. Unable to go back the way they had come due to "unsafe" conditions, the crew travelled a different way back to Kyiv. It was on this quieter stretch of road that a small explosion struck, and according to Mr Ramsay "our world turned upside down". He recalled the events: "I saw something hit the car and the tyre burst.   "We rolled to a stop. The first round cracked the windscreen. Then we were under full attack. "Bullets cascaded through the whole of the car, tracers, bullet flashes, windscreen glass, plastic seats, the steering wheel, and dashboard had disintegrated."  They initially believed they were being shot at by Ukrainians in a case of mistaken identity so they shouted out that they were journalists. However, it was a professional Russian ambush squad aiming to take them out.  READ MORE: Boris vows to keep sending weapons to Ukraine but time is very tight Travelling in the car with Mr Ramsay and Mr Mockler were producers Martin Vowles and Dominique Van Heerden and local producer Andrii Lytvynenko. All five managed to exit the vehicle - first Mr Vowles and Mr Lytvynenko, then Ms Van Heerden, followed by Mr Ramsay and Mr Mockler. Mr Ramsay recalled that he "wondered if [his] death was going to be painful". They eventually escaped down a 40 foot embankment at the side of the motorway.  DON'T MISS:Scholz told to ditch Nord Stream 1 to help Ukraine [INSIGHT]Vladimir Putin’s eerie foreshadowing of Ukraine conflict [REVEAL]Putin forces children to watch propaganda in barbaric brainwashing [LATEST]