Speaking to James Martin's Saturday Morning guest, Gavin and Stacey star Alison Steadman, James explained he would be cooking Dover Sole and detailed how most of the fish gets exported abroad from Hastings. He revealed that around 90 per cent leaves Britain and commented on the "sad" statistics. "Now, to celebrate you being here, I know you love your food, I wanted to do this dish," James told Alison. "This is my favourite, favourite thing ever - ever in the history of food." "Really? Wow," the actress commented. James continued: "This would be it and I'm going to do it with all the garnishes that I love. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin facing 'additional pressure' from alleged secret family "I'm going do it with spinach, a little bit of nutmeg, I've got some lovely boiled potatoes over here with a little bit of butter and a little bit of parsley. "But Dover Sole - it's a real classic. We're going to fill the Dover Sole, you can do it whole if you wanted to, a little bit of flour, pan-fry it. "I'm going to do a simple sauce with it as well. "So, we're going to start off with the beautiful Dover Sole, predominately this comes from Hastings. "That's where most of the Dover Sole comes from and sadly, most of it gets exported." He added: "A lot, actually most of it. I'd say 90 per cent of it get exported, it's a crazy amount. "So when you're sat in Spain or you're in Italy, and you're enjoying your Dover Sole, that kind of stuff there's really a distinct possibility it will have come from there." He described the process as "a tragedy". DON'T MISS... 'Heartbreaking' BBC Breakfast guest in tears over Ukraine destruction [LATEST]Dad's Army star speaks out on first episode 'disappointment' [VIDEO]'Aggressive' Naga Munchetty slammed by BBC Breakfasts viewers [REACTION]  Elsewhere on the show, more fish dishes were explored. James went on to cook a recipe with sardines, while Paul Ainsworth later cooked monkfish. TV chef James enjoyed sampling the dish, explaining: "There's a lot of flavour in there." Viewers tuning in were quick to comment on the chef's cooking. Twitter user, Lynn MBE wrote: "I want to eat both those sardine dishes now #JamesMartin." She added: "And that monkfish, drooling." William Smith joked: "James Martin made a proper dog's ar** of pulling out that sardine bone #JamesMartin." "Watching your Saturday morning show we love Sardines BUT don’t cut off the HEADS even it is for TV," Dawn penned. Simon Duke added: "Alison Steadman on James Martin’s Saturday Morning - what an absolute queen!" James Martin's Saturday Morning airs weekly at 9.30am on ITV.