Tottenham will be forced to wait if they want to revisit their interest in Adama Traore this summer, according to reports. Spurs were understood to be interested in signing the Spaniard from Wolves but he instead joined Barcelona.   New boss Antonio Conte was keen to kick off the January transfer window with some big-money additions. However, Spurs struggled in the market and made just two additions to Conte’s squad. Rodrigo Bentancur and Dejan Kulusevski both arrived from Juventus in the final days of the window. The pair have helped Conte improve the North Londoners over the last couple of months. But the former Inter Milan head coach might have had another option in Traore, who has been excellent for Barca. He agreed to join the Spanish giants in an initial loan deal.    JUST IN:  And Spurs will be forced to wait on the speedy winger’s future as Barca president Joan Laporta has admitted to having a summer option that could see Traore move to the Nou Camp permanently. The deal would see forward Francisco Trincao – who is on loan to Wolves from Barca – make his own agreement permanent. “It is an option to consider. We are delighted with Adama, he has imprinted a spirit of maximum competitiveness,” Laporta told Catalonian radio station RAC1 when asked about a swap involving Trincao. Conte will certainly hope for a better transfer window than the one he endured in January. The 52-year-old appeared to criticise the club’s business to the Italian media, only to then insist he had been misquoted.   DON'T MISS...Ferdinand fears Ten Hag or Pochettino won't want FernandesMan Utd star Luke Shaw branded 'smug' after aiming dig at Red DevilsErling Haaland 'drops wage demands' after talks with Premier League He said in a press conference: “In my last interview, I said numerically [Spurs are weaker] when you lose four players - and I repeat, important players for Tottenham because they spent a lot of money - and you sign two players. “If before I had 20-30 players, now I have 18 players and numerically you could be a bit weaker. Then I also said about [Dejan] Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur, as a squad we are more complete. “I think I was very clear, but I don’t understand why someone wants to try to create a problem between me. But not also me, but also in the past, because I read the story in the past of this club and [they] create a lot of problems between the coach and the chairman and the club.” He added: “Sorry, but I think that I created a bit of disturbance and this type of situation, especially because I had an interview with Italian media. It means that from now the club don’t want [me to] speak to Italian media because maybe the translation is not so clear with my thoughts.”   