A source said that their children were "blown away" by the Bahamas after Kate and William showed them where they were staying during a family FaceTime call. They added that the couple "can't wait to come back with them". Earlier in their trip, the Duchess of Cambridge had also mentioned bringing Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three, to the Bahamas. During a speech given at the Sybil Strachan Primary School, she said: "One of the hardest things that we have all found about the pandemic is being separated from the people we love. "But we have also had the chance to rediscover how important our families are, and just how important our friends are too. "Our three children, George, Charlotte and Louis, all love being by the sea, so I hope they will be able to experience your clear waters and beautiful beaches before too long." She added: "I always think it is the simple things in life that bring us the most joy: Playing together, chatting to your friends at school, eating meals together, and listening to each other's stories." Kate and William visited the Bahamas as part of a royal tour, which also took the couple to Belize and Jamaica. Speaking to the Daily Mail, the source said: "They said they have FaceTimed their children to show them the views, which blew them away, and that they can't wait to come back with them. "Hopefully William will be able to create the same happy memories with his family, that his own mother did with him". Prince William previously visited the Bahamas with his late mother, Princess Diana. READ MORE: Kate beams as she races William in boat on choppy Bahamian ocean In a speech to the Governor General's reception yesterday, Prince William recalled his time spent in the Bahamas as a child, describing it as "the best holiday ever". He said: "Seen from space, astronaut Chris Hadfield once said that 'the beauty of The Bahamas is surreal' and you could see 'every blue that exists'. "That natural beauty is only surpassed by the warmth and generosity of the Bahamian people. "Catherine and I have witnessed this everywhere we've been today on our first official visit to your wonderful islands. DON'T MISS: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [REACTION] Kate beams as she races William in boat on choppy Bahamian ocean [PICTURES] Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REVEAL] "The welcome you gave us in Parliament Square today with the Junkanoo, and Rake 'n' Scrape was unforgettable. "But this is not my first time in The Bahamas. I came here with my mother as a child. "Snorkelling around the James Bond wrecks off Nassau left me with the most vivid memory of your beautiful blue waters. "For a young boy, obsessed with 007, it was the best holiday ever." The royal source also said that the future King and Queen, who have spent the last two nights at The Cove luxury resort in the Bahamas, have been relaxed and chatty during their stay. They have been overheard telling hotel staff that the food was "amazing" and that the accommodation was "wonderful". The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been staying in the 4830ft three-bedroom Penthouse Suite at The Cove. The suite has wrap-around ocean views, office space, a separate dining area, a full-service kitchen and a private beach.