As part of 2022’s Debt Awareness Week, experts are trying to improve people’s knowledge of how they can manage debt they accumulate. Around 30 percent of Brits struggle to keep up with their bills and can be left feeling overwhelmed by the pressure that accompanies mounting arrears. Managing your debt can essentially be split into two sections. The first of which is to do with ‘understanding your finances’. Tackling arrears is a task that is only made harder if you don’t have a clear idea of what is happening with your money. Sitting down to assess your income and outgoings can be time-consuming, but it will save a lot of future work and uncertainty. Paul Stringer, Director at Norton Finance, explained to Express.co.uk how debt can quickly add up if people aren’t educated properly on how to deal with it.  READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement He said: “Education on debt management isn’t as widespread as it should be, and therefore debts can mount up as people turn to different loans to pay off existing debt. “In this case, the amount of debt can rise alarmingly quickly, and become much harder to pay off. “However, with greater awareness of how to manage debt in the first place, we can avoid instances where people have seen debts spiral out of control.” Once you’ve got a better understanding of your finances you can start to really get to grips with your debt and make sure you’re able to stay on top of it.  The following tips can help you feel like you have control over your situation: Knowing when your payments are going out is crucial for staying on track with paying debts. By adding them to the calendar, you ensure that you don’t get any nasty surprises from a payment you had forgotten, and you can also make sure that there is enough money in your account for the payment to go through. DON'T MISS: Millions eligible for £144 discount on their broadband bill [INSIGHT]Country pub's warning after family leaves without paying £100 bill [NEWS]Busybody cyclist fined for taking over 500 helmet cam videos [WATCH]  If your budgeting measures and reduced outgoings means that you have some spare money to put towards paying off debts, it’s important to know where this would be best spent. Generally, higher interest debts would take priority, but allocating funds to smaller debts could be a good option too. When these can be removed quickly, it can act as a small win to keep your motivation high and not allow you to become distracted.  In the scenario where paying off your debt is proving to be a struggle, try your best to make the minimum payments. Not only will this avoid late fees, but it will also prevent you from incurring any knock-on effects on your credit score. Conversely, if reaching the minimum payment is difficult, talk to the creditor directly to ask for an extension, rather than taking out a credit card and putting yourself in further debt in order to make the payment. Mr Stringer added that one possible solution for people with multiple loans to pay off is debt consolidation. Going down this route would pay off your existing loans and combine your debt into one source with monthly repayments, as you would only owe money to the debt consolidation provider. In fact, having one provider can make dealing with your debt easier as there are fewer payments to keep track of and you could save money on interest and late fees. Nonetheless, debt consolidation isn’t necessarily the answer for everyone, so it’s important to make sure you understand your financial situation and speak to a loan provider to assess your options. 