Former teammate Romain Grosjean took to social media to send his support to Kevin Magnussen after the Dane returned to Haas. Magnussen, who is reportedly a supremely popular personality within the team and around the Formula 1 paddock, last competed in the sport back in 2020 with the American team. Nikita Mazepin was dropped by Haas in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as they also cut ties with chief sponsor Uralkali. As pre-season testing in Bahrain was set to begin, Haas moved fast to secure a partner for Mick Schumacher - and they called on a familiar face to do so. The team confirmed Magnussen will return to the sport for 2022 and has reportedly penned a multi-year contract. The Dane has also successfully negotiated out of his endurance racing contracts, so he is free to compete this season. JUST IN: Johnny Herbert details why he fears Mercedes may 'have a dominant car' Grosjean, who raced alongside Magnussen at Haas for four seasons, immediately expressed his delight upon hearing the news. “YES my friend,” the Frenchman, who is currently competing in IndyCar, wrote on Twitter. “Really happy for you.” Magnussen competed with Haas for four seasons between 2017 and 2020, with his best campaign coming in 2018 as he finished with 56 points. DON'T MISSChristian Horner's briefing to Red Bull - 'Wipe smile off Toto's face'Nikita Mazepin hits out at Haas and sends message to his replacementF1 threatened with legal action as Russian GP chief makes statement The 29-year-old scored 96 points throughout his first stint with the team. Haas team principal Gunther Steiner suggested he was happy with the move: “We know what we have in Kevin. If the car is good enough, he will get it into the points.” Mazepin has already declared he is open to return to F1 - and he will not look to compete in another series. The Russian confirmed he could not return to Haas as there was a clear lack of trust within the team following their decision. “I do not want to be at a team that doesn’t want me,” Mazepin said. “Formula One is a dangerous sport and you have to rely on the team you are working with. It is a question of safety, and it is fair to say I don’t have that trust in them.” With their Uralkali sponsorship gone, speculation mounted over the future of the American team but owner Gene Haas has since increased his commitment to cover it. Magnussen will be on the grid for the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20 to signal the beginning of the 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled.