Queen Letizia attended the launch of the ‘Talent Tour’ and the proclamation of the ‘Arts and Letters Award’ of the Princess of Girona Foundation today in Malaga. As usual, the Queen of Spain’s style did not disappoint. She wore a beautiful dress designed by a prominent Spanish brand, Galcon Studios.  The brand wrote on their Instagram today: “Our Cat dress made out of 100 percent merino wool.” The dress is black with a massive white flower printed on its front. The flower featured a long stem with some leaves edging off on the side. This Galcon black dress worn by Queen Letizia retails for £123.17, as it is currently on sale. READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Its original price was £189.50. The Queen also wore a belt around her waist to accessorise the dress. Queen Letizia chose an Italian brand for her accessories, as her handbag was designed by Furla. The Queen went for their 'Metropolis' White Leather Shoulder Bag, which retails for a whopping £334.  Letizia’s shoes were designed by Magrit Shoes, and they were her ‘Liza’ Navy Pumps which she has worn many times before. They currently sell for £198.71. For her jewellery, Queen Letizia wore some Massimo Dutti earrings which she has also worn before. Her Gold Plated Howlite Hoop Earrings sell for £35.02 and look incredible on the monarch.  Royal fans took to social media to share their love for Letizia’s style today in Malaga. One royal fan, @birdnerd327 said: “She looks lovely and I'm loving all the accessories, so I'll say it's a win.” Another fan, @heidimariescott added: “As usual she can do anything and look perfect!” Instagram user @gael_model wrote: “The Queen is very elegant.”  Another Instagram account, @sabrina_hala_ commented saying: “Beautiful, and always very beautiful for Queen Letizia.” However, some royal fans did not approve of the Queen accessorising with a belt across her dress. Instagram user @birdnerd327 wrote: “The belt doesn't work for me here.” Similarly, the account @heidimariescott commented saying: “The belt cuts the print.” 