Claudia Winkleman, 50, has revealed that she gets nervous before going live on Strictly Come Dancing with Tess Daly. She spoke to Lorraine Candy and Trish Halpin, former magazine editors and hosts of the Postcards from Midlife podcast.    The 50-year-old spoke about how she thinks imposter syndrome can be a good thing. “I love imposter syndrome,” she said. “I’m very pro-it.” Caudia continued: “Because you've all met people who don't have imposter syndrome and they're ghastly!”READ MORE: Louise Minchin praises Carol Kirkwood on move away from BBC Breakfast     The mum-of-three admitted that when she goes on stage for her live tour, she is usually “gripped by horrendous nerves” even 10 minutes prior to the show starting. However, Strictly Come Dancing is a different experience for her. While still feeling the nerves, Claudia says she “embraces” the nerves. When asked if there are any rituals Claudia implements to help her with the fear, she said: “I do feel nervous but what I also feel when I do strictly, because what I do is the smallest part in this whole machine.    “So you feel [an] enormous responsibility not to go off piste, not to talk for too long, not to make a mistake, not to fall over… She added: “I'm not saying this to be all self- deprecating. It is really not about me. “It is about the judges having enough time. “And it's about the dance and it's about making these celebrities who are totally terrified at the beginning (definitely) feel comfortable and that's my job. DON’T MISS:Christian Horner blasted as 'unwatchable' amid F1 backlash [LATEST]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence [INSIGHT]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [OPINION]   “So you feel a responsibility towards my producer, towards the channel. And also obviously to the brilliant people who are watching. “I have to stay contained and know my place.” Claudia also likened her role to that of a magazine journalist, because they work as a team to meet deadlines. Claudia had previously been commissioned by one of the podcast hosts, Lorraine Candy, to write a column for her magazine, when she edited Sunday Times Style.     Lorraine described Claudia as a “dream columnist” and praised her for always meeting deadlines. On the podcast episode, Claudia also opened up about having perimenopause symptoms and how it was her mother, famous author and journalist, Eve Pollard who told her to seek medical help when Claudia described having one of the early symptoms. Eve is the Vice Chair of Wellbeing of Women; a UK charity dedicated to funding research across all of women's reproductive and gynaecological health. Claudia said her mother prepared her for the menopause while she was growing up.   