Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge are both in line to be Queen Consort once their husbands ascend to the throne. The Duchess of Cornwall saw her position confirmed only recently when the Queen marked her Platinum Jubilee saying it is her "wish" Camilla be known as Queen Consort rather the Princess Consort as previously agreed. Channel 5's Kate: Our Queen in Waiting narrator David Riley however suggested that although Camilla is “next in line - all eyes are on Kate”. Mr Riley said: “The position of Consort is a trusted royal role and has been carried out in the past by Queen Mary and the Queen Mother. “As the next spouse of a Monarch, Camilla will also be known as Queen Consort. “It’s an interesting point that people will look to Kate before Camilla” says Russell Myers, the royal editor for The Mirror. He added: “The interest has gathered at such a pace with William and Kate that people do see them as the next custodians”. JUST IN: Prince George tipped to attend upcoming engagement alongside Kate and Prince William Kate married William in April 2011, two years before welcoming their first child. Charles married Camilla in 2005 in Windsor. They married eight years after the death of William and Harry’s mother, Princess Diana. The Duchess of Cornwall has previously stated taking on the title of Queen Consort is “an honour”.  READ MORE: Kate and Prince William fly in to save Commonwealth Both Camilla and Kate take pride in their charity work. Kate has drawn on the importance of family in her own life and uses this within her work. She works to specialise in the wellbeing of children and early years development. This is described in the Royal documentary as “her defining work”. Last year, The Duchess of Cornwall became the first patron of a trailblazing centre that supports sexual abuse victims. In 2018, Camilla visited Nigeria with Prince Charles and took part in a discussion hosted by the Women of the World Festival. Camilla has devoted her time to breaking the taboo around such abuse by visiting shelters and support centres around the world. In 2020, she became the patron of the British domestic-abuse charity Safe Lives. Historian Dr Chandrika Kaul said Camilla and Prince Charles seem to “represent that of the old order”. Kaul compared it to that of the “breath of fresh air” brought in by Kate and William.