Chloe (played by Jessica Elland) has been a mysterious figure in the Emmerdale village since she arrived last year, with no one having any idea of who she actually is. The youngster has been involved romantically with the likes of Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) and Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) and she has become like a surrogate daughter to Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). However, not much is known about her past and her life before the village so viewers of the ITV soap still have a lot to learn about her. One of these things could be she is the mistress of manipulation and she could use her skills to wrap Nate (Jurell Carter) around her little finger. The drama begins next week as Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) becomes concerned about Nate, given he has taken to drinking a lot more as he hasn't got to see much of his daughter Frankie lately. Moira finds him getting drunk with Ryan Stocks (James Moore) early in the afternoon but her worries don't seem to make the heartthrob think he is putting his well-being in harm's way. It's not too long before he is snuggling up with Chloe in the Woolpack and before they know it, they are back at Nate's spending the night together. When he wakes up the next morning, the father of one is mortified Chloe stayed over and he attempts to get rid of her by saying they can't spend more time together. As she makes her exit from the house, she is spotted by Noah, who once again tries to get her on his side after numerous failed attempts. READ MORE: Shame' Nick Ferarri blasts Harry and Meghan over security Noah ends up asking her out for a drink but she is having none of it and he is left furious by the fact he has been knocked back again. When Chloe later changes tact and tries to flirt with him at the farm, he snaps at her and lets his anger bubble to the surface. It's not too long after this she enquires about a job on the farm, knowing this is where Nate spends most of his days. The father of one is worried their night of passion is going to become common knowledge and he is forced to reject the youngster's advances. He is concerned things between them have gone too far already and Chloe is left upset after getting the cold shoulder. Later on, Chloe again bumps into Noah and the atmosphere thaws between the pair as the young man does his best to lift his crush's mood. The youngster appreciates his efforts but Noah isn't as convinced by their interaction as he keeps his cards close to his chest. It could be in the coming weeks Chloe could make it her mission to make Nate insanely jealous as she continues to flirt with the boys of the village. As she realises this isn't doing the job and he still doesn't care about her, she could drop the mother of all bombshells. Chloe could turn up at his house and explain their night together has led to her falling pregnant with the heartthrob's second child. DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock thanks Georgia Taylor after ‘taken for granted’ claim [COMMENT]Hayley Tamaddon health: Star was left in 'agony' after IBS flare up [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT] Nate would go into panic mode as he knows this will mean his relationship with Tracy Metcalfe (Amy Walsh) will never get back on track when she returns to the village. The heartthrob would have no choice but to accept what is happening as Chloe tells him she is going to keep the child. He would implore her not to reveal he is the father of their baby and to keep it a complete secret from those closest to her. However, what he might not realise is the whole pregnancy is a lie and the youngster faked it to see if he would be more reciprocating her advances. Although she would be shocked to discover Nate is pushing her away again, she could spend the weeks after talking to him about how this could be a good thing for him. Chloe could manipulate Nate into changing his mind and believing this could be his second chance at being a good father and a better partner. This could lead to the pair becoming an item as they bond over the fact they are going to become parents to their child. The one big problem is, Chloe would not be pregnant and she would need to sleep with the heartthrob again to conceive. Having lied about the baby, the youngster could realise she is struggling to fall pregnant and her lies will soon be exposed. How will Nate feel if he discovers she set up the whole thing to trap him in a relationship? The actress who plays Chloe, Jessica, has suggested in the past her character would end up getting caught up in some trouble as she struggles to process her conflicting emotions with life. Jessica explained: "Chloe is very sweet and genuine, eager to please and make connections with people, but underneath it all, she is struggling with a lot of sadness, anger, and frustration. "Her experiences in life have made her old beyond her years, but I think this has given her a sense of determination to go out and get what she wants." With such persistence under her wings, will Chloe make it her mission to get Nate, no matter the cost or the consequences? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.