  Former Strictly Come Dancing professional James Jordan expressed his doubts about the now infamous slap that occurred on stage last night at the Oscars. Viewers were left in shock after Oscar-winning actor Will Smith, 53, smacked comedian Chris Rock, 57, across the face on live TV.      Will struck Chris in the face following a 'GI Jane' joke he made on stage about the actor’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith, 50, who suffers from alopecia. James, 43, has now weighed in on Will’s controversial actions in view of his 308,900 Twitter followers. He tweeted: “Used to be a huge fan of Will Smith - never particularly liked Jada but now not fussed on either. “They have always tried to make the Oscars about them and done the same again this year. READ MORE: Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts     “Hitting someone is not acceptable and he should be prosecuted. Ricky Gervais does it best!!” In another tweet, he continued: “One more thing - is it just me or did the slap look totally staged??? “It’s only when Will started spouting his mouth off like a ton it all got a bit awkward and I wasn’t sure. Thoughts?” Under the tweet, Wendy Clark made a comment, which has since been deleted, to which James responded: “Made himself look like a thug… Other ways of dealing with things like that.”      Many people stopped to leave comments under James’ first tweet, some of which the professional dancer took the time to respond to. Referencing Jada and Will, Little Miss Sassy penned: “Didn’t she admit to cheating on him? Looks like he’ll do anything for her.” To which James replied: “Maybe next time Chris Rock should bring that up (shrugging emoji).” Meanwhile, Paul Connolly argued: “Would u defend your missus?” READ MORE... POLL: Do you think Will Smith was right or wrong to slap Chris Rock? [POLL] Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [LATEST] Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [NEWS]      James wrote back: “He laughed at the beginning - but once again his missus made it all about them again. “I don’t like them what more can I say,” he concluded. (sic) Alma then hit back: “So what you are saying is because you don’t like them it’s ok to insult her, if you had liked her it wouldn’t be. Got it.” Meanwhile Jan pointed out: “Will Smith was laughing until he saw she wasn’t amused.” James replied: “Exactly!!! She doesn’t come across like a nice woman.” Amanda Hickman commented: “James how would you feel if someone mocked your wife. Not acceptable to take the piss out of someone's appearance. Jada has alopecia. Can you imagine how a woman would feel losing their hair!”      With reference to Chris, James then asked Amanda: “How do you know he knew that?” Chaos first broke out at the Oscars last night after Chris made a joke about Jada’s decision to shave her head - something she has admitted felt heartbreaking. Referencing the 1997 action film G.I Jane starring Demi Moore, who shaved her head for the role, he said “Jada, I love you. G.I Jane 2, can’t wait to see you.” The comment resulted in Will walking up to the stage and striking the presenter in the face, before returning to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth.” Attempting to regain his composure, Chris said: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me. That was the greatest night in the history of television.”    