Harry Maguire has not had the easiest of times to endure this season after struggling for form with Manchester United. And it seems the defender cannot escape criticism at international level either after being targeted on social media by Chelsea fans while on duty with England. The United captain has suffered a dip in form at club level, causing him to be dropped by Ralf Rangnick at times this season. However, he did return to the starting XI for their last three matches against Manchester City, Tottenham and Atletico Madrid. Speculation persists that United could be set to cut their losses on Maguire, who cost a £80million from Leicester City in 2019 — a world record fee for a defender. The Red Devils look set for a summer overhaul with a new permanent manager set to be appointed at the end of the season. The 29-year-old linked up with the England squad this week after being called up by manager Gareth Southgate for friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. And it appears he has retained the backing of the Three Lions boss, despite receiving a mixed reception from United fans of late. READ MORE: Southgate announces latest England squad as Rashford axed “I don’t think it ever crossed our minds not to select Harry Maguire for this squad,” Southgate said. “He has been a key part of the starting XI that got us to a World Cup semi-final and a European Championship final." But Maguire has been subjected to more criticism and ridicule by fans on social media after images emerged from England’s training camp at St George’s Park. In one image, Maguire can be seen attempting to tackle Chelsea star Mason Mount, only to miss the ball entirely and risk injuring his 23-year-old colleague. While the image appeared to be innocuous if anything, supporters blasted Maguire’s form and questioned his place in the squad. “Dr. Slabhead is at it again,” one user wrote on Reddit, referring to the nickname given to Maguire by his former team-mate, Jamie Vardy. Umar Shaikh wrote: “How was he even selected? He's been disastrous since forever.” DON'T MISSBellingham ready to show his thrilling best for EnglandChelsea boss Tuchel explains Mount reaction after missesMan Utd's Champions League exit shows next boss has Maguire problem Another said: “Just hope he doesn't ruin any of his England teammates during training,” while a Chelsea fan made his claim for Tomori to be called up: “Called this clown up instead of Tomori who's at the top of his league.” However, the reaction to Maguire’s tackle was not all negative. Several users insisted that Maguire’s attempts to win the ball were genuine and pointed to Maguire’s impressive form at International level for keeping his place in the England squad. One user hit back: “I mean I’m not a fan of Maguire but he’s clearly trying to win the ball here and just been beaten to it by Mount. Happens all the time in football and training. And not just to Maguire.” Their opinion was backed up by another Reddit author who added: “As long as I can remember he's always played good for England a bit like [Jordan] Pickford." Whatever their opinions may be, Mount did not suffer any kind of serious injury and both players remain in contention to feature in the friendlies. Southgate will be hoping that stays the case after seeing the likes of Trent Alexander-Arnold and Reece James withdraw through injury.