As The Last Kingdom comes to an end with season five on Netflix, the cast have opened up on their highlights from the series and what they will miss. For Stiorra star Ruby, she was thrilled to finally have the chance to fight with Brida actress Emily Cox as viewers saw two women fighting for the first time on the show. Ruby explained: “There’s never been two women fighting each other in the show. So that was amazing to get to do that. “But we also just had so much fun. She was fighting with all the boys. “They’ve done it for so long, it’s like second nature to them. Sometimes you’re a bit like, ‘Oh!’ “But fighting with Emily, we just had such a laugh and she was also really good. “ READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn However, Ruby added it was “really scary” for her to try out. She continued: “There was not much acting that needed to be involved when it actually came down to it on the day. “But yes, it was probably one of my favourite things that I’ve done since being out here this year.” In fact, seeing Stiorra fight is one of the details Ruby loved about the series as it shows women as powerful, not just wives and mothers. The actress commented: “It was expected of women to get married and to have children and to just keep having children, and having an heir, if they were in that situation and they weren’t really listened to or valued in the same way that we are today. “It wasn’t equal, it wasn’t equal between men and women back then so I think it must have been really hard. “And that’s why I like this show, because although that was what it would have been like for them I don’t believe that meant all women back in this time were just like, listening to their husbands. “I think they were probably all really annoyed about it too.” DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrates milestone [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? [EXPLAINER] Ruby added: “They were like, ‘Why is no one realising how great I am!’ “So I’m sure there definitely have been women in those days trying to stand up for themselves. “That’s what I like about this show, it shows that side of the women too. But I don’t think it can have been easy at all. Everything was against them.” The final season of The Last Kingdom has certainly been popular with fans as Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon celebrated being watched by so many. Posting on his Instagram account, the actor shared a still of himself as Uhtred along with the detail the series was watched for 48,950,000 hours. He captioned the shot: Wow. #1 globally. Huge thanks to @netflix and to all our amazing fans (old and new) for watching! “Congratulations to the whole TLK family. I’m so proud to be part of the team.” The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix now.