Alexander Vlahos is one of the new faces in the latest series of Outlander which premiered on Sunday, March 6, on Starz. The romantic drama has been missing for two years after filming delays caused by the coronavirus pandemic put everything on hold. As season six continues, fans are getting to find out more about the Christie family who has moved to Fraser's Ridge. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander.Uncle Tom (played by Mark Lewis Jones), Allan (Alexander Vlahos) and Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) moved into the close-knit community at the start of season six. Tom had previously met Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) at the Ardsmuir prison following the Jacobite Uprising so they knew vaguely of one another already. As for Malva, she has started helping Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) as a medical assistant, having shown interest in the subject of medicine. Allan, on the other hand, appears to be very overprotective of his younger sister, wanting to keep her close to home as often as possible. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one Actor Alexander Vlahos, who is behind Allan Christie in Outlander, is best known for another period drama. He starred as Philippe, Duke of Orléans, in the Canal+ television series Versailles. Vlahos also took over the role of Mordred in the BBC fantasy series Merlin in 2012 from Sex Education star Asa Butterfield. Some of his other roles have included Prisoner Zero, Broke, Privates and Doctors. As with many actors, Vlahos tends to keep his personal life out of the spotlight. So few details are known about what goes on when the cameras aren't rolling. However, it is believed that Vlahos is not currently married but is in reportedly in a relationship with a woman who is widely referred to as simply Jules. Her full name is Julia Huard and it is thought they have been together since at least 2019, but it isn't yet known how they met. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Charity Dingle forced to shut down The Woolpack? [THEORY]Outlander theme song: What does The Skye Boat Song mean? [EXPLAINER]'Had a great time' Outlander's Allan star shares peek at new role [CAST] Vlahos was previously engaged to singer and actress Lauren Samuels who he had been dating for several years. Prior to Lauren, there was another woman in the 33-year-old actor's life. He was engaged before to Swedish model Kajsa Mohammar but this ended in 2016. This time around with Jules, Vlahos has chosen to keep his love life out of the media. Outlander will be back for another new episode on Sunday, March 20, on Starz. The description for episode three, Temperance, reads: "Fergus worries about his new son’s quality of life when the baby is bullied by superstitious Protestants. "Claire performs surgery on Tom’s hand." Outlander season 6 continues every Sunday on Starz in America and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.