Ukraine is almost three weeks into defence against the Russian invasion, and public protests have cropped up against the entire country to fight back against invading troops. Most of the observed demonstrations have been in the southern part of Ukraine, where Russia has already gained control. Almost 700 civilians have died in Ukraine since the invasion started, according to the latest United Nations figures. Putin's army is still targeting civilian areas, Ukraine officials have claimed, in a bid to force a surrender from President Volodymyr Zelensky. In Kyiv, Russian troops shelled an apartment building in the early hours of Wednesday morning (March 16). More civilians would be at home in their apartments than normal, seeing as mayor Vitali Klitschko imposed a city-wide curfew for the duration of the "difficult and dangerous moment". READ MORE: India sabotages Russia sanctions with deal to import 3.5m oil barrels Several protests have cropped up against Russian occupation in Ukraine, according to the Institute For The Study Of War (ISW). These demonstrations have particularly appeared in the southern part of Ukraine, where Russian forces have already overthrown local governments. Several protests have appeared in the streets of Kherson, in response to Russia's reported plan to turn the region into a breakaway republic. Russian soldiers fired rounds into the air to try and keep protesters at bay, while also arresting dozens of people. Social media footage showed protesters calling Russian troops "fascist", and waving Ukrainian flags. Kherson was believed to be captured more than two weeks ago, on March 1. It took the city five days to fall to Putin's army, and it has since faced food and medicine shortages. Elsewhere, civilians have taken to the streets around the south bank of the Dnieper River, the ISW revealed. DON'T MISSVladimir Putin's 'emotional chaos' childhood laid bare [ANALYSIS]Disgraceful fraudsters using Ukraine crisis to scam Britons [NEWS]Colonel Richard Kemp warns of ‘victory for Putin’ [QUOTES] Despite the civilian outcry, Russian troops continue to head inland across Ukraine, with the capital city of Kyiv the ultimate target. The ISW said: "Russian forces continue to face difficulties quickly mobilising replacements for combat losses, but are continuing efforts to leverage conscripts and international troops. "Ukrainian intelligence reported that Russia has been forced to suspend the mobilisation of certain categories of workers in the Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics [DNR and LNR] to maintain local governance, but continues to conscript some DNR/LNR residents to replace Russian losses. "The Ukrainian General Staff reported on March 15 that Russia has established mercenary training centres in Smolensk, Russia, and Homel and Bobruisk, Belarus." There have been at least 10 observed civilian protests in Ukraine, so far. However, demonstrations have also taken place across the country in protest of Putin's invasion. In London, eight people were arrested for occupying the mansion of Oleg Deripaska - a Putin-linked ally - on Monday March 14. Mr Deripaska was one of the Russian oligarchs sanctioned by the UK government.