Today marked the beginning of the annual Cheltenham Festival. The four-day meet has returned to its pre-pandemic glory after a two year hiatus. Racegoers included the Queen’s grandchildren Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall, and Zara's husband Mike Tindall. Queen Elizabeth II’s love for horses has been passed through the generations of the Royal Family. Anne, her only daughter, was a competitive rider who was awarded the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award in recognition of her success in the sport. The Princess Royal shares her passion for horses with her daughter, Zara, who has followed in her parents’ footsteps and pursued an equestrian career. While both have had great success in their professional equestrian careers, the mother-daughter duo have also seen their fair share of setbacks. Her horse suffered a tendon injury, ruling her out of the Munich Olympic Games in 1972. Thirty-two years later, Zara suffered the same fate when her horse’s injury ruled her out of the 2004 Olympic team. Zara and her beloved horse Toytown had been long-listed to make the squad but the horse sustained a leg injury that forced the pair to pull out of the games in Athens. Four years later in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics, Zara and Toytown were ready to compete again. She was going into the Games as a world champion with her place on the British team assured. But just weeks before the competition, Toytown suffered another injury which meant Zara had no option but to put her Olympic dream on hold once again. Carl Hester, an Olympic gold medallist and Zara’s dressage trainer explained that this is often the way with horse riding. Speaking during the 2020 Channel 5 documentary, ‘Zara & Anne: Like Mother, Like Daughter?’, he said: “Getting it right for the Olympics — you being fit and your horse — is very often a game that can go wrong.” Equestrian journalist, Tilly Berendt, added: “There are a lot of things that can go wrong with horses and a lot of very minor injuries that can put a horse out of contention for major competitions.” DON'T MISS:Harry was 'fighting back tears' after Commonwealth Day snub claim[OPINION]Queen boost as 'string of countries' looked to join Commonwealth[INSIGHT]Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction'[ANALYSIS] Nonetheless, both Anne and Zara eventually made it to the Olympics. In 1976, the Princess Royal made history as the first member of the British Royal Family to compete in the Olympic Games. At just 25 years old, Anne was part of the Equestrian Team that represented Great Britain in Montreal. Taking to the saddle in the three-day equestrian event at the Olympics, Anne paid tribute to her mother by riding Her Majesty’s own beloved horse, Goodwill. Whilst Anne’s Olympic competition ended without medal glory, in 2012 Zara Tindall won a silver medal at the London Olympics, making her the first British royal to win an Olympic medal. This was made more significant by her mother’s involvement in helping to secure London’s position as Olympic host city. Anne was the one to present her daughter and the rest of the winning team with their medals. At the time, Zara said: “It made it feel like everything’s been worth it and we did a good job. We got an Olympic medal — not many people can say that. “Obviously, it’s amazing. It was amazing to get a medal anyway so to get it from your mum was pretty cool.”