A gardening guru who shares her stunning garden on her Instagram account has detailed how she grows a popular summer plant, cosmos. Sophie Valentine told her followers on @lookinsidemygarden: "It’s cosmos time… "Now is the perfect time to sow your cosmos seeds." The gardener, who also recently detailed an "amazing" dahlia variety to plant now, explained: "I am growing a few new varieties this year, one of them being a double click variety. "They really are a great seed for a beginner." READ MORE: 'Really easy way to get growing' from seed - incredible milk carton hack Cosmos are related to sunflowers, but they are much smaller and are usually pink in hue. Cosmos originate from Mexico and they like to grow in full sun. However, the plants like moist but well-drained soil. It's advised to deadhead the plants to encourage flowers and to lift the plants in the autumn. How does Sophie do it? She explained all. DON'T MISS'Shade-loving' plants to sow in your garden now according Mark Lane [INSIGHT] Flowers to plant now for a beautiful 'cottage' garden [GARDEN] How many flowers does a dahlia give? Tip for 'extra blooms' [EXPERT] Sophie said: "Sow the seed. I have tried two method and both have been successful. Either surface sow and cover with soil, or pop them in a 1cm hole and cover." She claimed these methods have been "so successful in fact (she is) now drowning in cosmos seedlings." Sophie went on: "Make sure you keep them moist not soggy. "I use a water sprayer and carefully overhead mist them. "Once germinated I pop mine in the zippy greenhouse to stop them getting leggy. "They will need to be protected from frost! "Pinch them out when they get their second pair of true leaves." Pinching out plants can encourage them to grown lush leaves and prevent them from becoming "leggy". This is when plants grow too fast and their stems become too long. Later, these stems will be to weak and the plant will flop. Sophie recently detailed a plant to sow in your garden, calling the hardy climber "incredible". Sophie, who is a mum to three boys, suggested sowing Spanish Flags to her followers. The plants are also known as Ipomoea lobata and come in red and yellow. This is why the plants are known as Spanish flags.