Liam (played by Charlie Wrenshall) has been sitting in the background of the drama on Coronation Street in recent weeks as his stepfather Gary Windass (Mikey North) has been trying to keep his murderous secret at bay. In a shock twist in Monday night's episode of the ITV soap, Laura Neelan (Kel Allen) was charged with the murder of her ex-husband, Rick Neelan (Greg Wood) as she knew Kelly (Millie Gibson) needed Gary to be her guardian to stay on the straight and narrow. However, as the young schoolgirl discovers the real truth about her father's demise, she could look to destroy the Windass/Connor clan forever. For months, Gary and his wife Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) have been sitting on the secret the former killed Rick three years ago. When Laura discovered the truth last week, she was ready to shop the dodgy dealer into the police but after overhearing a conversation between Kelly and her friend Simon Barlow (Alex Bain), the mother of one knew what had to be done. In Monday's instalment, she was seen giving the police all the details Gary had told her about how he killed Rick and where his body would be found. They were sure as day Gary was the real culprit and the dying character was just taking the wrap for him as she only had days left to live. Fortunately for the killer, all the evidence Laura gave the authorities meant she could be charged with murder but she soon took a turn for the worse. READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode After getting the news her mother was guilty of killing Rick, Kelly wanted to go and see Laura in the hospital to say her final piece. Although Laura professed she had killed the loan shark for good reasons, her daughter was devastated she had been lied to and said her final goodbyes to her mother. The mother of one was absolutely heartbroken she would never see her child again and told Gary he had to promise he would look after her. She explained he would have to live with a guilty conscience for the rest of his life he let a dying woman take the wrap for his crimes. Returning home, Gary was in a sombre mood as he knew he had his freedom but it had come at the heaviest price. Seeing Liam playing on his games console at the kitchen table, he asked his stepson where Maria was, with the youngster telling him he was in the shower. Kelly wanted to take her mind off the events with her parents and proceeded to ask the schoolboy how well he did at cross-country. The youngster did reply but he also noticed his surrogate sister was upset, asking her if she was alright. "Yes, I will be," she told him before he was instructed to go to bed by his mother Maria as he got out of the shower. "Don't worry, you won't miss much," Kelly told her surrogate brother but it was clear she was still thinking about Laura. DON'T MISS...Former Corrie star Beverly Callard slams soap and dishes on exit [COMMENT]From Weatherfield to Man About The House: Paula Wilcox's TV journey [ANALYSIS]Dame Maureen Lipman: Star turned to therapy to help with grief [COMMENT] Having lost two parents in the space of 24 hours, it would be understandable Kelly will be angry about how she became an orphan. However, in a new theory by Express.co.uk, seeing Kelly so devastated over the loss of her parents could lead Gary to make a confession. Knowing he needs to get the truth out in the open, he could tell the youngster he was the one who murdered Rick, not her mother. At first, it would seem the schoolgirl would be understanding of this and wouldn't want her relationship with the Widnass/Connor clan to be impacted. Whereas, actually, she would be seething she had been lied to for so long and would want revenge for not only her father's death but for the way she ended her relationship with her mother. Knowing the one way she could really hurt Gary and Maria would be to get rid of Liam for good, Kelly could begin to plot a killer plan. Although she has built up a sibling-like bond with the youngster over the past few months, her anger could blindsight her from her feelings. She would solely be on a mission to ensure she got justice for her parents and killing the schoolboy could do just that. Of course, Gary and Maria would immediately know who committed the crime and therefore, Kelly would have to make a run for it. As the Windass/Connor clan mourn for the loss of Liam, could this bring the Rick storyline to a heartbreaking conclusion? The actress who plays the troubled youngster, Millie, has spoken out in the past about the way she feels her alter-ego is perceived. Millie said: "At first everyone hated her but now we’ve seen the other side and what actually happened some people do feel the way she was treated in court was harsh. "It’s a hard judgement to call, is she villain or victim? I think she’s both. She did start things off that night with the slap and the vindictive behaviour. "But now people are starting to see her vulnerability I think some people are warming to her." So after being accused of murder in the past, will she actually follow through and do it this time? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.