The Scottish First Minister said this week that the country's biggest threat in the coming years will be failing to seize the opportunity to become independent. Nicola Sturgeon added that if Scotland allows Westminster to stay in charge it means the country will not fulfil its “massive potential”. Today, she will face Scottish politicians at Holyrood for First Minister's Questions (FMQs). While the question of independence had taken a back seat amid several crises facing the world, including the coronavirus pandemic, the outbreak of conflict in Ukraine, and a looming cost of living crisis, the prospect of a second breakaway referendum has very much returned to political discourse. Scotland's political parties all recently held their annual conferences, with the Scottish National Party (SNP) and the Scottish Greens — who are currently in partnership — confirming that the Government planned to push ahead with its aim of holding a second referendum in 2023. But many claim that the SNP does not have the mandate to hold such a vote. Ahead of last year's Scottish parliament elections, the SNP said that, if they won a majority, it would signal that the Scottish people wanted independence — but it fell short by one seat. And while this has not deterred Ms Sturgeon, John Lamont, the Scottish Conservative MP for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk, says the result shows that Scotland clearly does not want independence. He told Express.co.uk: "In last year's Scottish Parliament elections, the SNP failed to get an outright majority which was a key thing about the 2011 election, when they had a majority in parliament under Alex Salmond, and that gave them the mandate to push for the referendum in 2014. "Even before we get to the point where we're talking about whether their plans are costed or not, they clearly don't have that mandate, the Scottish electorate did not give the SNP a majority. "They've had to cobble together this coalition with the Scottish Greens to try and create that majority within Holyrood. JUST IN: Brits mock Spain supermarket rationing amid shortages "In terms of votes cast last May, that mandate is definitely not there." A party in Scotland needs 65 seats out of 129 in order to secure a majority, but the SNP won only 64. Last August, it announced it would enter an historic cooperation with the Scottish Greens, the only other major party in Scotland that is pro-independence. Many, like Mr Lamont, have dismissed the agreement as simply a way to push the independence agenda. While the mandate of the Scottish people is perceived as the most important thing to warrant independence, economic factors suggest that the country is not in a place to become independent. DON'T MISS FMQs LIVE: Sturgeon braces for showdown after EXTENDING Covid rule [REPORT] Farage: Triggering article 50 sooner would have thwarted Remain plot [INSIGHT] Labour coup: Rosie Duffield turns on Keir Starmer in trans row [ANALYSIS] Scotland's deficit has cast any breakaway into serious doubt, the figure more than doubling to £36.3billion, or 22.4 percent of GDP in 2020-21 — the highest yearly increase since devolution. But figures in the SNP, like Finance Secretary Kate Forbes, say this should not be an obstacle to making the case for independence. She claims that independence is a chance for "having the levers, the full control to manage our fiscal sustainability.” Late last year, she said: "It is not an obstacle to making the case for independence, because deficits across the world have risen exponentially and having the highest deficit in Europe does not seem to be an obstacle for the UK government." The annual Government Expenditure and Revenue Scotland (GERS) report, compiled by Scottish government statisticians, showed how public finances were affected by the pandemic, noting that a rise in spending reflected the costs of health and economic interventions. But opposition parties said the report underlined the importance of staying in the UK. Scottish Labour highlighted that total spending was equivalent to £18,144 per person – £1,828 per person greater than the UK average, while revenue raised in Scotland was £382 less per head. And the Scottish Tories calculated that this "union dividend" — the combined value of higher spending and lower revenue — had increased to £2,210 per person. Meanwhile, Ms Sturgeon's claim that the question of independence was the biggest issue facing Scotland came during her appearance on the Cultural Coven podcast. She said: "For Scotland specifically, I think the biggest threat is we don’t take the opportunity to put ourselves in charge of our own destiny and fully equip ourselves to make the most of all these massive advantages we have got. “If we allow ourselves to stay governed by, constrained by, have our ambitions and our aspirations limited by Westminster, we will not fulfil the massive potential we have got. We will go some of the way to do that, but we will stop short. “So I think the biggest threat to Scotland over the next few years is not becoming independent ‒ and conversely the biggest opportunity for us is becoming independent.”