Lando Norris has told of his desire to win a Formula One race for the first time in his career in the upcoming season - whilst also throwing a playful dig to George Russell in a bid to rile his compatriot up.  The Brit, 22, has raced for McLaren since 2019, entering 61 races since. Though he has five podium finishes, the Bristol-born star has never won a race despite many close runs for the Surrey-based side. However, with McLaren posting superb times in pre-season testing over the last month, Norris has been tipped to challenge for that elusive first win. And the prodigy has backed himself and Russell to go head-to-head in the future to stake their claim as the world's best drivers. “I think if you’d asked me in Barcelona, I’d maybe have been a bit more hopeful,” he said ahead of the new season. "After the Bahrain test, that’s gone down a little bit. At some tracks, we’re going to be weaker but the flip side is some tracks we’ll be stronger and we’ll have that chance of competing for a higher spot or maybe a race win.  "I’m done with the podiums, bored of them. I’d love it if we could battle George [Russell] and Mercedes for championships and wins. I look forward to that time. "Podiums are still lovely and, as a driver and life ambition and goal, a win is always on the cards." Norris came close in the Russian Grand Prix last year, after leading the race for quite some time. However, McLaren's poor decision to not pit for tyres slowed him down after he slid off the track in the emerging rain. And the Bristolian detailed how agonising the ordeal was as he continues to search for his first win. “That one took a while to get over because it was so close and people bring it up all the time!” he continued.  “But these are the tough lessons you’ve got to take on the chin and learn from. Those things you learn from could be the things that end up getting you the win in the future.” The new season gets underway on Sunday, with Norris tipped to make the top five in Bahrain. Lewis Hamilton remains the favourite, although Max Verstappen is a close second. 