The resolution was introduced by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham and was backed by both main political parties in the Senate. It was backed by the International Criminal Court (ICC), based in The Hague.  Chuck Schumer, Democratic Senate Majority Leader, expressed a show of solidarity from the typically divided chamber. He told senators just prior to the vote that Vladimir Putin "cannot escape accountability" for the actions perpetrated against the Ukrainian people. He said: "All of us in this chamber joined together, with Democrats and Republicans, to say that Vladimir Putin cannot escape accountability for the atrocities committed against the Ukrainian people." This comes after Justice Secretary Dominic Raab visited the ICC in the Netherlands to volunteer the UK's assistance in collating evidence against Putin for possible war crimes in Ukraine.  He traveled to the court to offer "technical support in bringing those responsible for war crimes in Ukraine to justice". Mr Raab added the UK would treat evidence-gathering as "the immediate priority". The Justice Secretary said: "Russian commanders carrying out war crimes should know they cannot act with impunity. "Like Radovan Karadzic and Charles Taylor before them, their actions risk landing them in a jail cell." READ MORE: Putin will be 'UNDERMINED' as 'money talks' on oil and gas  Speaking in The Hague, he continued: "Right now, there's a big emphasis on preservation of evidence of war crimes that may or may not have happened. "But also what's coming down the line as Putin responds in ever more barbaric ways to the situation stuttering and stumbling that he's been driving on the ground in terms of his own military campaign." A Ministry of Justice statement said the Government hoped efforts to collect evidence "might eventually lead to witness relocation and imprisoning those found guilty, as the UK has done for previous war crimes". Earlier this month, the ICC announced it was opening an active investigation into possible Russian war crimes against Ukrainian civilians. DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia demands return of Alaska and Californian fort [LIVE]How many refugees have fled Ukraine: Devastating new data [MAP] Kim's terrified of Russia: North Korea fears invasion and will neve...[REPORT]  Karim A.A. Khan QC, the ICC prosecutor, detailed that evidence collection had begun at the start of March after 39 signatory countries in the ICC's jurisdiction referred the Russian invasion of Ukraine to the court. He said: "I have notified the ICC Presidency a few moments ago of my decision to immediately proceed with active investigations in the situation. "Our work in the collection of evidence has now commenced." Targeted, deliberate attacks against a civilian population may be deemed war crimes, and are illegal under international law. The United Nations rights office has issued a warning to the Kremlin over evidence of Russian attacks on civilian infrastructure, including hospitals, and bombardment of densely populated areas. OHCHR spokesperson, Liz Throssell, said: "Civilians are being killed and maimed in what appear to be indiscriminate attacks, with Russian forces using explosive weapons with wide area effects in or near populated areas. "These include missiles, heavy artillery shells and rockets, as well as airstrikes." She added: “We remind the Russian authorities that directing attacks against civilians and civilian objects, as well as so-called bombardment in towns and villages and other forms of indiscriminate attacks, are prohibited under international law and may amount to war crimes.” Although difficult to say with any certainty, UN officials have placed the civilian death toll in Ukraine at almost 600 people.