Everton boss Frank Lampard may drop four stars after being battered 5-0 by Tottenham on Monday night. The Toffees are sliding deeper into relegation trouble, and with an extremely tough run of fixtures to round off the season, the former Chelsea manager is in need of immediate solutions. Express Sport analyses four flops who could be the first to make way: The 25-year-old's positioning came under heavy scrutiny for Tottenham's first two goals on Monday. Firstly, he jogged back and failed to stop Ryan Sessegnon's cross which led to Michael Keane's own goal, before he was dragged wildly out of position for Spurs' second, which was scored by Heung-min Son. Holgate and Keane proved themselves to be a dysfunctional partnership, and Lampard could have a decision to make with other options at his disposal. Yerry Mina missed the tie in north London with injury but may soon slot back in, while 19-year-old Jarrad Branthwaite could even move ahead in the pecking order. JUST IN: Man Utd 'should axe 10 stars' including Cristiano Ronaldo as Keane told he was too kind Having made his Everton debut way back in 2016, Kenny has had an up-and-down time on Merseyside. The 24-year-old full-back has failed to rack up 10 league appearances in a season for the Toffees since 2018/19, although Lampard has put faith in him over the past few weeks. At the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, Kenny was run ragged by Dejan Kulusevski as Everton put in a shambolic defensive display on the whole. Lucas Digne's January departure now looks even worse, with only Vitaliy Mykolenko as back-up on the left, and the 22-year-old has hardly been a steadying influence since his £17million arrival. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing The Irishman has given Everton well over a decade of service and almost 400 appearances, but at 33-years-old, it seems as though his career is heading in one direction, and it is not up. Coleman lost Sergio Reguilon seconds after half time as the Spaniard tapped in Spurs' fourth, and Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher suggested that Everton should look to recruit in his favoured right-back position. That is exactly what they did in January, bringing in youngster Nathan Patterson from Rangers who patiently awaits his chance from the bench. Son has the talent to give anyone a tough 90 minutes, and that is certainly what he gave Coleman, who Carragher described as making up part of a 'Championship back four'. How to handle Calvert-Lewin may be the biggest dilemma facing Lampard right now, alongside rectifying Everton's defensive woes. The normally clinical striker missed four months at the start of the season with injury, and he has been massively underwhelming since coming back into the fold. On Monday he was hauled off after another ineffective display, but it remains to be seen whether the Toffees will persist with a player who undoubtedly has goals in his locker, even if they currently seem so far away. Andros Townsend, Demarai Gray and Richarlison all have the ability to play through the middle, and while Everton fans will scoff at the mention of Salomon Rondon and Cenk Tosun, Lampard may need to experiment to find a winning solution, and the club need it quickly.