Leo is the fifth sign of the zodiac and is represented by the Lion. According to astrology, this gallant sign is the leader of the pack.  Leo’s motto is, “If you know the way and show the way – you’re a leader”. This sign’s “very presence inspires others to be the best they can be”, hence they make great role models. You will often find Leo at the head of a company or corporation. “But with great power comes great responsibility,” according to horoscope.com. READ MORE: 'Rather un-royal': Princess Eugenie's body language is 'carefree'  An extremely popular, likeable sign, Leo can get easily swayed by what others want them – “or expect them” – to do. “Although this sign has a loud inner voice, learning to listen to it - especially if it's guiding them toward an unpopular move - is a lifelong lesson that will only make proud Lions stronger and more resilient.” Often too impetuous and impulsive, Lions could benefit from slowing down and thinking pragmatically. Leo’s “secret weapon” is their giving nature. While they tend to call the shots, they always have others’ best interests at heart. DON'T MISS “Most people assume that Lions are all about themselves. But appearances are deceiving.” In fact, this sign has a “boundless” capacity for love, compassion and affection. They are also generous; while they can usually be found at the top due to their incredible work ethic, they are happy to bring others up with them. There are five top reasons to celebrate being a Leo. “Whether you plan it or not, you're always the centre of attention. Might as well learn to revel in it! “You have a loud voice and are a pro in debating and getting people to see (and eventually agree) with your side. "Although you're one of the first signs to step up and speak out when you see injustice, your innately gentle spirit invites people to trust you. "A hedonist at heart, you love the good life, but you worked very hard to get it. “Although you're one of the first signs to step up and speak out when you see injustice, your innately gentle spirit invites people to trust you.” A hedonist at heart, you love the good life, but you worked very hard to get it. Hence, Leo always knows the perfect spot to take a date or their family and friends, and can plan the best parties. Finally, Leo never runs out of energy and as extroverts, gain energy from spending time with others. As a Lion, a “20-minute catnap” is all you need to recharge so you can “dance all night long”.