The financial journalist shared the top tip while co-presenting a Good Morning Britain Cost of Living Special with Susanna Reid earlier today. During the live show a man messaged in to say he’d saved £41 a month on his Sky package thanks to Martin Lewis’ expertise. During the Cost of Living special today, he told Britons to look at their Sky packages and make savings where they can. Mr Lewis advised people to phone Sky and ask to be put through to cancellations as this department will be keen to keep customers rather than lose them. He added that many Britons could benefit from cancelling their Sky package, choosing a cheaper broadband only deal and seeing if they can fulfil their TV needs elsewhere. During the show, newsreader Charlotte Hawkins said messages were already coming in from viewers thanking him for his valuable tips. READ MORE: Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit She said: “Just to say reaction coming in already to all of your advice. “Richard sent a message in from Twitter and said he’s just contacted Sky and managed to reduce his bill by £41 a month by doing exactly what you said so he’s very grateful.” The financial guru quickly worked out that this adds up to a staggering saving of £492 a year. It’s not the first time a Martin Lewis fan has thanked him for his money saving advice when it comes to Sky. DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis: A little-known way to pay for dentistry and opticians [UPDATE]Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month [INSIGHT]Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit [ALERT]    The Money Saving Expert founder has been helping Britons manage their bills and budgets as the cost of living crisis continues to cripple the nation’s finances.  Another man, Luke wrote to the Martin Lewis newsletter team recently to thank him for saving him £756 a year. Luke said: "I've got them down from £133 a month to £70 a month for TV, movies, sports and a Netflix add-on - a saving of £756 per year." His £63-a-month saving was one of MoneySavingExpert's greatest successes of last year.  The MSE website has some handy tips for Sky customers looking to slash their subscription costs. It states: “Tens of thousands of Sky TV and broadband customers have previously seen bills rise by up to £72 a year, so there's all the more reason to check if you can slash your bill. “If you have the right to leave penalty-free, use the price hike as leverage when wielding the powerhouse weapon you possess – haggling. “Our most recent haggling poll, in November 2021, found 81 percent of Sky TV and broadband customers who tried to haggle were successful in negotiating a better deal, showing what's possible.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How to haggle with Sky according to MSE: 1. “Ditch optional extras. Paying for Sky Movies, but never watch them? Do a channel audit to work out what you don't watch and consider ditching channels you don't need. 2. "Call Sky and ask for a discount. First find out what newbies are paying as this will be useful ammo when negotiating. 3. "If it won't budge, consider walking away. Some of the best deals are had when you're prepared to cancel your service completely. It may help you get a better discount, or if you do cancel, they can entice you back with 'welcome back' offers.”  Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.  MSE’s weekly Money Tips email has 8.4m subscribers and is published on Wednesday. The latest Money Tips email can be viewed here.  