The men were arrested on Thursday in the Spanish resort of Benalmadena. They are aged 54 and 60. The pair are accused of stealing bank cards and money after tricking tourists with a bird poo scam. In the alleged scam the police said the pair would target elderly people and tourists and throw a liquid on the back of their clothing. They would then allegedly appear concerned and approach the victim to tell them they had bird poop on their clothes. The accused would then offer to help clean up the alleged victims using an “exaggerated” wipe down. READ MORE: British Airways Holidays launches holiday deals with savings on hotels     Officials said the pair would then remove wallets and other valuables from their alleged victims. They are accused of using contactless payments to access funds from the stolen credit cards. The pair were arrested in Benalmadena, a resort on Spain’s Costa del Sol which is very popular with British tourists. The coastal town has a vibrant bar and restaurant district as well as a popular butterfly park. British tourists have faced warnings of scams in recent weeks as bookings surge for summer holidays. Which? warned Britons that some scammers had taken advantage of the pandemic to con tourists. It said scams involved targeting tourists who were owed refunds for cancelled holidays during the pandemic. Scammers pretended to offer tourists refunds but used the opportunity to steal data and financial details. Which? also said customers should be wary of social media advertising. It said fake companies were using the media to con customers. It warned that customers should check if the company is registered with ABTA or Atol before booking. Other scams involve charging customers to register for a GHIC (Global Health Insurance Card) or a passenger locator form. Britons can register for a GHIC for free on the NHS website and a third party website can’t fastrack applications. The passenger locator form used after arrival in the UK is available for free on the UK Government website. Customers should contact their bank as soon as possible if they are worried they are the victim of a scam. In a ‘bird poo’ scam, one perpetrator may spray the liquid while another acts as a friendly passerby. The friendly passerby will then offer to wipe down the victim while stealing items from them.