Last summer it was announced Holby City would be axed after 23 years, leaving many fans devastated. Despite filming for the BBC series being wrapped up in December, the final episode of the hospital drama concluded on Tuesday night. Towards the end of the episode, the show paid a moving tribute to all its cast and crew over the years. In the closing scenes, they also brought back some of the original cast members to bid farewell to one of its beloved characters, surgeon Jac Naylor (played by Rosie Marcel). Jac suffered a stroke following an operation and before it happened, she asked her colleagues not to give her any further treatment if she stopped breathing. Both cast and viewers were left in floods of tears as they said an emotional goodbye to Jac. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air Towards the end of the episode, the nurses and doctors came together as Jac's organs were given to patients who needed them. The voice of Jac could be heard in the background as she read out the names of the people she had saved. She said: "It took me a long time to find a place I belonged, somewhere to call home. "It wasn't with my mother or the carers she dumped me on when she walked out of my life, it certainly wasn't with any man, it was when I first walked into a theatre." She continued: "I knew then one day one I had found my place in the world, somewhere I belonged. "This is what the NHS means to us, not a badge on a cabinet minister's lapel, not a number down the side of a bus, it's a nurse missing her break to sit with a lonely patient, a surgeon grinding out a 15-hour op, the sound of sirens coming to the rescue, Thursday night applause sounding out the rooftops, it's all of us doing the best we can in impossible circumstances. it's something to believe in, it's home." As the credits rolled for the final time, pictures of the cast, both past and present appeared on the screen. A title card then popped up thanking the cast and viewers for supporting the show over the past 23 years. DON'T MISS...Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Countryfile's Adam Henson airs concern for his farm after warning [VIDEO]Jane McDonald wants to ‘wash the last couple of years away’  [NEWS] It read: "Thank you to our viewers, all the Holby family who have contributed to the show over the 23 years, and, not least, for the support from the NHS." While some fans felt it was a fitting ending to say goodbye to the show, others were outraged that the programme killed off Jac. Ellie raged: "How dare you do this to us!! How dare you kill her off!! @BBCHolbyCity #holbycity #jacnaylor." (sic) Sia penned: "I just don't know why they had to kill Jac off for the end of the show. It's just unnecessarily cruel for the viewers. We don't deserve this. #HolbyCity." While Megan added: "What a s****y ending for Jac. She didn’t get to say her goodbyes… she didn’t even get a good last line. I hoped we’d get to see her with Emma, or with Mo, or someone. This feels awful #HolbyCity #HolbyCityFinale." (sic) However, Becky Harrison praised: "Wow @BBCHolbyCity thankyou. That was a heart-breakingly poignant and fitting ending, and I have a crying-too-much headache. Now we just have to keep our fingers crossed that one day someone picks it up where we've just left off." (sic) "Can't remember the last time I sobbed so much through a programme. Beautifully played to the cast of @BBCHolbyCity. Wishing you all the best in your future endeavours. You and the show will be much missed. Big up the NHS, " user @FeminemDj wrote. Duncan said: "Well that was a very powerful, last ever episode of Holby City. Really highlights the life-changing gift of organ donation. #holbycity."