Data has shown that petrol stations are failing to pass on the fuel duty savings announced by the Chancellor in his Spring Statement last week, meaning more misery for drivers. According to the AA, petrol prices have fallen just 2.71p, and diesel was down 1.59p, despite Rishi Sunak promising on Wednesday a 5p fuel cut would come into force immediately after the statement. The AA’s research found the average petrol price across the UK was 164.59p a litre while diesel was 178.72p a litre in the days after the Government's reduction came into effect. That shows only a slight decrease from Tuesday, when petrol and diesel pump prices jumped to new records of 167.30p and 179.72p a litre. Mr Sunak had proudly boasted that the 5p fuel cut was historic and that once VAT was added it would mean a 6p cut in the price of petrol and diesel. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak considers network of new toll roads He told MPs on Wednesday: “Today, I can announce that for only the second time in 20 years, fuel duty will be cut. “Not by one, not even by two, but by 5p per litre.” Luke Bosdet, the AA's fuel price spokesman, said: "The Chancellor rode to the rescue of drivers on Wednesday and, even before the 6pm start of the fuel duty cut, drivers were reporting the price cut at some Asda forecourts. "However, on Thursday, the average price of petrol showed that less than half (2.71p) of the fuel duty cut had been passed on to drivers." Drivers have faced record pump prices since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine led to an increase in the cost of oil. The Chancellor promised to alleviate the burden on motorists by announcing the biggest reduction to fuel duty rates “ever”. The RAC criticised the Chancellor for not going far enough, with head of policy, Nicholas Lyes, describing the cut as “a drop in the ocean” as it will “only take prices back to where they were just over a week ago”. Mr Bosdet added that for many forecourts, the duty cut would only come through with the next delivery of fuel and agreed the size of the fall is very disappointing.  While the Chancellor’s Spring Statement offered some tax cuts, including a £3,000 increase in the threshold for national insurance contributions, it has received widespread criticism for failing to support poorer families and other vulnerable groups from soaring inflation. The New Economics Foundation said only 7 percent of the savings from cutting fuel duty would go to the poorest fifth of households, given that more than half do not have a car. However, a third of the savings from the fuel duty cut will go to the richest fifth of households. Mr Sunak was also criticised for reportedly borrowing a Kia Rio hatchback for "staged" photographs of him filling up with petrol, rather than the Jaguar he is usually seen being driven in. Express.co.uk readers were unhappy with the measures offered by the Government. One commenter, ‘Sceptical’ wrote: “The petrol price has virtually nothing to do with crude oil prices. More than 50 percent is Government tax. “The petrol you buy now, was bought on the futures market weeks ago, at much lower prices, they are all making huge profits! “You are being fleeced, and always were...wake up!”