The Ukrainian singer, who resides in Kyiv, was interviewed by Dan Walker and Sally Nugent on Wednesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast about the ongoing Russian invasion of her country. After singing in her mother tongue to viewers, she dropped the F-bomb while deploring President Putin's actions. Dan had to quickly cut in to apologise to viewers at home for her use of strong language.  During the instalment, the 51-year-old singer-songwriter told the presenters she wanted to sing to BBC Breakfast viewers. Before she started singing, she said: "I used to sometimes sing in Russian, but after this, never. I can sing some songs in English" After singing a segment, she continued: "We can't avoid our enemies, we confront them and I am not running from my native city because this is my home and I want to be here in the heart of Kyiv and sing for my people. "Maybe I will sing our national anthem again from this window and I want to say to Putin you're a murderer, you're an aggressor. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? "Ukraine has never been against Russia, many Russian singers and Russian sportsmen were in Kyiv." She added: "Like our soldiers say, f**k you." Dan interjected: "Maria, I understand the depth of feeling but I have to apologise to our viewers."   Maria, who then realised what she had said on daytime TV, put her hands over her mouth and thanked the presenters for being on the show. Dan added: "Just once again apologies for the language there, but I am sure if you are watching this morning you will certainly understand how strong Maria's feelings are." He explained people in Ukraine are "very emotional" as they are trying to protect their country after Russia declared war on Thursday. Maria's strong use of language was praised by viewers at home who thought it was "justified". DON'T MISS...Putin’s invasion 'wake up call' to 'ludicrous' climate targets [LATEST]BBC Weather: Kirkwood warns 'do watch out' as dense fog engulfs UK  [UPDATE]Schoolgirl stuns BBC viewers as she begs for end to war [UPDATE]  Ellie tweeted: "A justified 'f**k you' this morning. Doubt there'll be any complaints. #BBCBreakfast." Andrew Webb added: "Well #BBCBreakfast - you brought that upon yourself. But we need to stop this pandering to apologise when someone says the f word. Especially when YOU KNEW you were talking to someone who was emotionally charged up." "Good on the Ukrainian woman just interviewed saying 'f**k you' to Putin #BBCBreakfast," @JimmyJP2008 remarked. Nookie Bore commented: "If there’s one person with the right to say 'F**k You' on morning television, it’s this Ukrainian lady on #BBCBreakfast."    @WarrenPeace_75 said: "#BBCBreakfast You really don't need to apologise for a woman in the middle of a warzone swearing..." London Money exclaimed: "#BBCBreakfast just went up a level. No need to apologise for that language given the backstory." On Tuesday, the United Nations human rights office confirmed 136 civilian deaths in Ukraine, including that of 13 children. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One.  