Thousands of Londoners, many of whom are working from home, have been left with no electricity, internet and water.  Bystanders have reported that traffic lights in east London have gone down, creating major disruptions and confusion. There are have been reports of household water supply stopping, as generators that pump water shut down.  Social media reports suggest that the blackout began at around 12:30 PM and are occurring across the capital city, from Whitechapel to Hammersmith. UK Power Networks tweeted: "We’re aware of a power cut affecting the #E1, #E1W and #E14 areas of #London. "Our engineers are working to get the power on as soon as possible." The blackout may have began as a result of a major fire in Poplar, where part of an electrical substation has been ablaze as firefighters rush to scene. A LFB spokesperson said: "Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters have been called to a fire at an electrical substation on Castor Lane in Poplar. Part of the ground floor of a two-storey electrical substation is alight. A 25-metre cordon is in place as a precaution." The LFB said part of the ground floor of the substation is on fire in its most recent update at 5.29pm, but the cause of the fire is still unknown. LFB has also announced that ten fire engines are now at the scene, while up to 70 firefighters are battling to put out the blaze. Station Commander Colin Digby, who is at the scene, said earlier today, said: "The fire is causing power outages which could affect around 38,000 customers. The whole of the Docklands Light Railway line is suspended. Blackwall Tunnel and Rotherhithe Tunnel are also closed whilst crews work to make the scene safe. "The fire has caused power outages in the area. Currently the Limehouse Link Tunnel has reopened fully and the Blackwall Tunnel is opened southbound but still closed Northbound. The Rotherhithe Tunnel remains closed." Mr Digby, said in the most recent update: "Firefighters have worked hard in challenging conditions to tackle the substation blaze. "A small amount remains alight and it is likely that fire crews will be here for hours to come." A number of bystanders described the chaotic scenes of traffic lights "going out" which has led to confusion on the roads. One man reported: "Yes Limehouse and Wapping affected whole blocks of flats out of power and traffic lights not working. Rotherhithe tunnel being closed." READ MORE: Putin warning: UK 'top' of Russia's list to attack with water supply The TFL announced that the DLR had been also suspended due to "fault communications equipment", although they haven't confirmed if this is related to the blackout." But it is now back up and running with minor delays. The power cut has put Londoners in a distressing situation, with one woman writing: "Please get it back on ASAP I have to walk up an autistic child in a pram up 13 flights of stairs if no lifts still by the time he finishes nursery". The blackout across East London has caused the Rotherhithe Tunnel to close down for nearly two hours, creating a massive queue. Inrix traffic service said: "A101 Rotherhithe Tunnel in both directions closed, queueing traffic due to power failure from Rotherhithe (Rotherhithe) to Limehouse (Limehouse)." A Twitter user named Warren said: "Power out in E14 and across a lot of East London #blackout "Guess no ‘working from home’ for me this afternoon I’ll be sure to keep the fridge door closed so the beer stays cold #priorities." UK Power Networks data has revealed that over 4,000 customers across east London have felt the impact of the power cuts this afternoon. And it is expected that the disruption may continue throughout rush hour, with commuters encouraged to take alternative routes. The LFB said in an update: "The closures of the DLR, Blackwall Tunnel, Rotherhithe Tunnel and roads in the area could cause disruption to travel likely to go into rush hour. Please find alternative routes where possible." The Poplar DLR station is still closed, but the rest of the line is reportedly operating again. Blackwall Tunnel has also now re-opened southbound, while TfL cameras appear to show massive queues forming around Limehouse and Wapping. South East London appears to have been affected particularly badly by the cut, with serious traffic jams stretching into Greenwich, Woolwich, Lewisham and Deptford.  Citi Bank's London office has also been affected as much of Canary Wharf has reportedly been impacted by the blaze. The bank reportedly did not appear to have a generator to keep powering the building. Or if it did, it did not appear to be function, efinancial careers reports. A Citi bank source told efinancial careers: "People got stuck in the lift for circa one hour. I'm surprised that there wasn't any contingency plan for such massive outage." 