Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on Instagram several years ago after she started to share cleaning tips and tricks. Now more a home and organisational account, fans of the social media sensation now share their own advice, including how to stop clothes creasing in the tumble dryer. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for some advice. Charlotte Eede wrote: “Does anyone have any tips to avoid creasing in the tumble dryer please?” There are many reasons why clothes tend to crease in the tumble dryer including mixing different fabrics at the same time. Overloading the machine can also be a problem, even if it does have an anti-crease setting. READ MORE: When to plant new potatoes - Best time for tasty harvest Taking to the comments, Mrs Hinch fans shared a variety of different tips. Mary Bullough wrote: “Put a couple of ice cubes in with the clothes. Sam Pace said: “Ice cubes!” Vivienne Nolan commented: “Use ice cubes in the machine.” DON'T MISS:Warning signs your houseplants are suffering - and how to save them [INSIGHT]Gardening jobs to do in March - ‘prevent’ weeds and kill moss now [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘genius’ tips to clean windows - ‘no smears’ [EXPLAINER] It is thought when the ice cubes melt in the machine, they will produce a steam-like effect which will help get rid of any creases, leaving clothes crease-free. On the same page, Naomi Barry wrote: “I make sure not to overload the tumble dryer firstly. “Then I’ll add a laundry sheet as well as two ice cubes, just watch the magic happen.” Other group members recommended not overloading the machine as well as not mixing fabrics. Vicky Kirkman said: “Don’t put too much in. Only put in the same materials at any one time too. For example, don’t put towels in with tops and take it out as soon as it’s finished, also don’t put it on for too long.” Katie Hill wrote: “Don’t put too much in the dryer.” Overloading the tumble dryer will likely cause the laundry to move around in one large mass, which will increase the pressure in the drum. This can not only cause creases to form but also the laundry may not dry properly. Shelley Sheppard recommended using laundry dryer balls in the machine. She wrote: “I use tennis balls with washing and tumble dryer balls, you can buy them off Amazon too.” It is thought the laundry dryer balls help to create gaps in the clothes as the dryer spins, preventing them from bunching up. This can help the laundry dry quicker and prevent creases. Other tips included emptying the dryer as soon as it finishes and putting them away straight away.