Rio Ferdinand and Gary Lineker have both hailed Karim Benzema as one of the great strikers following the Real Madrid star's stunning hat-trick against Paris Saint-Germain. Benzema scored three second-half goals at the Bernabeu on Wednesday to turn the Champions League last-16 tie on its head. PSG led 2-0 on aggregate following Kylian Mbappe's first-half strike but it was his international team-mate who had the final say.  PSG were 1-0 up after the first leg at the Parc des Princes last month. Mbappe missed a couple of chances and had a goal ruled out for offside before finally opening the scoring at the Bernabeu. PSG looked relatively comfortable until what proved to be a hugely costly error from goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma. The Italian was robbed of the ball by Benzema on the hour mark and some good work from Vinicius Jr. helped set up the striker to score his first of a 17-minute treble. JUST IN: Arsenal star Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after suffering injury  Real then drew level when Benzema's deflected effort went past Donnarumma before he scored again just seconds after the restart, with the visitors' defence in disarray. PSG had no answer to the swing in momentum and have crashed out of the competition at the first knockout stage. Speaking after the game on BT Sport, Manchester United legend Ferdinand hailed Benzema as the best No 9 in world football. He said: "He's had some great nights in his career but this will go down personally for him, a hat-trick.  DON'T MISSMauricio Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat [INTERVIEW]Liverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Wenger to stop Inter Milan comeback [REACTION]Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT] "I said it before the game, we've all said how good a player he is, the most complete No 9 about for me. "He does every part of the game fantastically well. "Today putting the ball in the back of the net, which is the hardest thing to do in the game, three times. Bang, have that." He later added: "We were all salivating over Kylian Mbappe - the most devastating player at the moment - but in the second half Karim Benzema comes out and says 'no, no, no I'm not done yet!' He bangs in a hat-trick." Former England striker Gary Lineker followed suit with his praise on social media. Lineker tweeted: "Karim Benzema is indisputably one of the greatest number nines of all-time."    PSG again face Champions League heartache, which will lead to speculation over the future of their manager Mauricio Pochettino. But Ferdinand admits he was not shocked by the way they capitulated in the second half. He said: "This isn't something that is a surprise because we have seen this time and again in the knockouts of the Champions League as PSG press the self destruct button. "It is mentality, maybe the culture of the club. This isn't something that is new at the club. "They have fantastic talent in the squad but when the mentality isn't right on the day, you have to stay in the game. They didn't do that. It is part of the ingrained culture at PSG." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here