Neighbours rushed to help toddler Bella-Rae Birch, after hearing her parents scream as the animal pounced at the family home on Monday. Mum Treysharn Bates was seen “crying hysterically” moments after the attack. The dog, described as a “stocky Staffordshire terrier or pitbull” had been bought by the family a week earlier. It has since been put down. Police are trying to track down its previous owners. In a statement, the little girl’s devastated family said: “We would ask that we are now allowed some space and time to try to come to terms with the tragic loss of our much-loved Bella-Rae.” Police said they were trying to determine if the dog was a banned breed. One neighbour in St Helens, Merseyside, called Jordan said she ran to help Bella-Rae as soon as her family raised the alarm, adding: “I just ran over to try to help and started CPR until the paramedics took over.” The trainee paramedic said the child’s parents were “hysterical”. She added: “I didn’t see the dog, I was just focusing on helping the baby.” Another neighbour who helped to give CPR said: “The parents doted on the children. It’s too upsetting to say anything else.” Joanne Matthews, 53, said: “She was such a beautiful little girl. I’d see the family in passing, just to say hello, and they were always very pleasant.” Ms Matthews said she had seen the ambulance outside the family house at about 3.50pm on Monday and then about 10 police cars arrived. She said: “I saw them bring the dog out. I couldn’t tell what breed it was but from the back it looked like a Staffordshire bull terrier or pitbull.” Another neighbour, who did not want to be named, said: “The mum was on the field at the front of the house crying, she was hysterical.” Superintendent Steve Brizell said: “Bella-Rae was taken by ambulance to hospital by paramedics, but despite the best efforts of police officers, paramedics and doctors, Bella-Rae sadly died as a result of her injuries. “It has left a family and the community grieving and in complete shock. During the incident, the dog was handed over to police at the address and has been humanely destroyed. Detailed investigations are continuing into this tragic event.” Police officers were stationed outside the house yesterday and a forensics officer was seen going inside the property. Flowers were laid outside by friends and neighbours. The town’s Labour MP Conor McGinn said: “The close-knit community in Blackbrook and across St Helens are in deep shock after yesterday’s tragedy. “Our thoughts and prayers are with the little girl’s family, who are devastated. I know everyone locally will respect their request for privacy as they grieve.”