The scam message in question warns the recipient that a road tax payment has failed and they could be fined up to £1,000 if they do not update their bank details. If drivers enter their personal information, scammers could empty their bank account or use licence details to commit major offences on their behalf. The DVLA tweeted an image of the scam message and warned drivers to be aware. The tweet read: “Use GOV.UK for DVLA services or scammers may sneakily steal your personal details to commit fraud. “Find out how these #scams work and how to avoid or report them.” Drivers are being warned of a number of driving scams which could lead to motorists being scammed out of thousands of pounds. READ MORE: Drivers choosing petrol over EVs could lose £5,000 Fraudsters often take the form of fake car insurance providers, who act as “ghost brokers”, many of which sell “too good to be true” deals. According to the Association of British Insurers, the average cost of car insurance is £485. Victims of ghost broking could not only be paying this premium, but also a £300 fine when they are penalised for driving an uninsured vehicle. DON'T MISSThirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING]EU speed limiters 'will have an impact' on car insurance premiums [INSIGHT] Fraudsters often use the platform to advertise vehicles at bargain prices to lure in potential buyers. One unlucky victim from County Clare paid £5,179 (€6,000) for a car that was never delivered, as scammers posing as private sellers pressure motorists to send a deposit, plus extra for vehicle delivery. Scammers have also been known to use Facebook to sell stolen, written-off or financed cars, knowing that there is minimal legal protection once an owner has handed over their cash. Some scammers will turn up for an in-person inspection of the vehicle being sold, and will distract the seller while an accomplice adds engine oil to the water reservoir. The car will of course break down if driven, with the criminals claiming the seller has tried to sell them a faulty car – they’ll use this as leverage for a significantly lower asking price. The scammers will then empty the engine oil out of the reservoir and sell the car on to another completely unknowing buyer, with some reports saying the scam could lead drivers £2,000 worse off. A spokesperson for Select Car Leasing warned that learner drivers were susceptible to being scammed, especially if they are waiting a long time for their driving test. They said: “Predictably, fraudsters are capitalising on the wait and targeting young motorists who don’t want to wait to sit their test. “Scammers are selling fake licences and paper certificates online for £600 each, stating they have inside access to driving test centres and can pass learner drivers without having to get behind the wheel of a vehicle. “However, young drivers are then left out of pocket when no licence cards are issued and fraudsters take the funds.”