As a working member of the Royal Family, Sophie, Countess of Wessex regularly appears at royal engagements on behalf of the Queen. With more than two decades of experience in the royal spotlight under her belt, Sophie has certainly honed her distinct royal style. Express.co.uk spoke to a fashion expert to find out why Sophie's outfits are so frequently a hit with royal fans. Whether she's courtside at Wimbledon or at a fancy royal banquet, Sophie Wessex can dress to impress for any occasion. And according to Miranda Holder, TV & Celebrity Fashion Expert, Sophie sticks to a "formula" to nail her outfits for formal occasions. Ms Holder explained to Express.co.uk: "It’s no secret that Sophie, Countess of Wessex is a fan of fashion. "Having previously worked in the glamourous world of PR before committing herself to royal engagements on a full-time basis, she supports many charities and notably became the first Patron of the London College of Fashion.  READ MORE: Harry mocked as Americans 'didn't even recognise' Duke at US event "Despite these impressive credentials, a large part of Sophie’s sartorial success is her relatability. She is always immaculately turned out - but somehow manages to feel ’normal’ rather than setting her style bar at dizzy heights which the general public could only gasp at. "She is open about not having a stylist, but usually chooses the right colours to suit her lovely golden skin tone, and has adopted the ‘heels, brooch and a neat clutch’ formula as her signature style for occasion dressing. "She also understands the impact of a good headpiece, and has worn the most exquisite millinery collection over the years." The fashion expert also highlighted how Sophie follows an established royal fashion precedent - colour-blocking.  The trend has been beloved by the Queen for decades, and it has since been emulated by other royal women like Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle. Ms Holder said: "Sophie’s style has garnered much attention over time to such an extent that in 2015 she was featured in the Vanity Fair best dressed list. "Her style is understated, classic, feminine and unfussy. Like all royal women, she regularly adopts colour-blocking and wears a single tone from head to toe as she knows this is an imposing look when she needs to roll out the fashion big guns." Although Sophie follows some classic royal fashion rules, she opts to keep her outfits relatable rather than high-fashion in most cases. DON'T MISS:Sophie Wessex looks 'so elegant and very caring' in Prada pink coat [PICTURES]Prince Philip's 'special gift' to Lady Louise showed their close bond [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex rewears blue and gold £175 earrings [INSIGHT]  According to Ms Holder, Sophie's style reflects her quest for "normality" as a member of the Royal Family. Ms Holder added: "The overarching theme of Sophie’s wardrobe is normality. "She insisted her own children were not known as Prince or Princess in a bid to give them the most normal life possible, and this theme continues throughout her fashion choices. "Unlike Kate or Meghan, Sophie’s style could easily be emulated." 