According to National Highways, there are delays of up to 1 hour on the M6 southbound. due to a collision between J9 (Wednesbury) and J8 (M5). Lanes 3 and 4 (of 4) are closed for ongoing recovery and clear-up, following a collision which occurred around 7:45am on Monday morning. National Highways then added all emergency services attended the incident. National Highways Traffic Officers and service providers are also on scene. There is approximately 7 miles of slow moving traffic with congestion back to J11. National Highways also said “normal traffic conditions are expected between 10:15 and 10:30”. A spokesperson for West Midlands Fire Service told BlackCountryLive: "I can confirm that we are at an RTC on the M6 and have two appliances still in attendance." A spokesperson for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "We were called at 7:41am to reports of an RTC involving a car and lorry on the M6 south between junctions 9 and 8. “We sent one ambulance and a paramedic officer to the scene and treated a woman, the driver of the car, for minor injuries. She was conveyed to Sandwell Hospital for further treatment." In a Twitter post issued shortly before 8AM, National Highways West Midlands said: “3 (of 4) lanes closed on the #M6 southbound between J9 (#Wednesbury) and J8 (#M5) following a multi vehicle collision. There is approx. 5 miles of slow moving traffic within the area.” They added that traffic was then stopped in all lanes, before two reopened to release the flow of vehicles. In another post, they added: “Traffic released #M6 southbound between J9 (#Wednesbury) and J8 (#M5). 2 (of 4) lanes remain closed for ongoing recovery and collision clear-up work. “There is approx. 6 miles of congestion on approach. Please allow an extra 40 to 45 minutes on to your journey time." As of 10:26am, all lanes are now open on the M6 southbound, however delays up to 35 minutes are still expected. National Highways said: “Recovery and clear-up work complete, all lanes open #M6 southbound between J9 (#Wednesbury) and J8 (#M5). “Please allow time for the delays to ease, approx. 6 miles of congestion remains. Please allow an extra 30 to 35 minutes journey time.”