With the Russian invasion of Ukraine now entering its fourth week, a peace deal may be on the horizon as Ukrainian NATO membership comes under the spotlight. Both Russia and Ukraine have suffered huge human and financial losses since the start of the war which Moscow labelled a “special operation.”  Prior to the conflict starting, the Kremlin expressed huge concern about several key events in Ukraine, including Kyiv signing up to the military alliance. Both sides have been in talks on the fringes of the conflict, with Mr Lavrov and Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky saying progress was being made. Mr Lavrov, speaking to RBC News said: “The negotiations are not easy for obvious reasons.“But nevertheless, there is some hope of reaching a compromise. “Neutral status is now being seriously discussed seriously along, of course, with security guarantees. “This is what is now being discussed at the talks. “There are absolutely specific wordings and, in my view, the sides are close to agreeing on them.”  However, the top diplomat appears to have conflicting views with President Putin, known to take a more hard-line stance when it comes to international relations. In a televised statement, Putin struck a firm note in reference to the current situation, sending a harsh warning to those who go against the grain set by Putin himself. He said: “Any people, and especially the Russian people, will always be able to distinguish the true patriots from the scum and the traitors and to spit them out like a midge that accidentally flew into their mouths. “I am convinced this natural and necessary self-cleansing of society will only strengthen our country, our solidarity, cohesion and readiness to meet any challenge. “If the west thinks Russia will step back, it does not understand Russia.”  READ MORE:Bombs and bullets won't stop Ukrainians loving pets Yesterday, US President Joe Biden labelled Putin a “war criminal” in a passing comment to journalists. This received a chilling response from the Kremlin who labelled the words “unacceptable rhetoric.” Russia warned the United States on Thursday Moscow had the might to put the world's pre-eminent superpower in its place and accused the West of stoking a wild ‘Russophobic’ plot to tear Russia apart. Former President, and current Deputy Secretary of Russia Security Council Dmitry Medvedev, speaking of the current anti-Russia sentiment said: “It will not work - Russia has the might to put all of our brash enemies in their place.”  DON'T MISS:Chilling reason Putin has not assassinated Ukraine's Zelensky [REPORT]Macron humiliated as France could run out of ammo within DAYS [OPINION]'Russia on run!' Putin's given just TEN days to survive [REVEAL] Highly effective economic punitive measures have been placed on Russia since the invasion.Multiple individuals, companies and Russian beneficiaries have seen assets seized, and business stopped. Russia says despite sanctions it can fare well without what it casts as a deceitful and decadent West led by the United States. It says its bid to forge ties with the West after the 1991 fall of the Soviet Union is now over and it will develop ties with other powers such as China.  The fallout from the invasion of Ukraine has now seen an estimated 3 million people displaced, many of whom have headed to Poland, Moldova and Romania. Calls are growing louder for a NATO imposed no-fly zone over Ukraine, however, this is being met with resistance by both NATO and western nations who fear such a move would drag NATO into a war, effectively starting World War 3. Many experts believe China may hold the key to brokering peace talks and bringing about a just and lasting peace to the conflict. 