Doctor Kumar Shital verified that in megaloblastic anaemia the bone marrow produces abnormally large and immature red blood cells. "Megaloblastic anaemia is caused by too little vitamin B12 (cobalamin) or vitamin B9 (folate)," Doctor Shital confirmed. "Your body needs these vitamins to make red blood cells." The warning signs of megaloblastic anaemia Megaloblastic anaemia can lead to dizziness and fatigue, diarrhoea, nausea, and a fast or irregular heartbeat. Other indications of the condition include muscle pain or weakness, pale skin, and trouble breathing. READ MORE: Deltacron – A 'hybrid' variant of Omicron and Delta – warning signs of an infection 1581017 Pernicious anaemia is an autoimmune condition whereby the body attacks stomach cells responsible for creating a protein called intrinsic factor. In healthy individuals, intrinsic factor binds to vitamin B12 enabling the reabsorption of the vitamin when it passes along the gastrointestinal tract. "The exact cause of pernicious anaemia is unknown," the NHS admits, but the condition can be diagnosed following a blood test. "Tests for pernicious anaemia are not always conclusive, but can often give your GP a good idea of whether you have the condition," the NHS adds. As for a vitamin B9 (folate) deficiency, this is usually linked to an unbalanced diet.Experts at John Hopkins Medicine stated that a diet lacking in green leafy vegetables, fresh fruits, fortified cereals and yeast can lead to megaloblastic anaemia. Other risk factors for developing a folate deficiency include: Treatment for both types of nutritional deficiencies are likely to include supplementation. The NHS pointed out good sources of folate, including: Brown rice.Thankfully, most cases of a vitamin B12 or vitamin B9 deficiency can easily be treated. Therefore complications are considered rare, but if you do not seek treatment, risks can occur. People who develop severe anaemia are at risk of developing tachycardia, which is where the heart beats abnormally fast. More worryingly, this can lead to heart failure, which is when the heart is unable to pump enough blood around the body at the right pressure.