But, as yet, the Government has not prepared additional cash for health services. When asked, the Department of Health said it would consider funding the NHS might need in the future.  The Government is also not implementing health checks for refugees on arrival, despite the higher prevalence of infectious diseases such as tuberculosis and coronavirus. Refugees are instead asked to register with a GP. A leading immunologist has said screenings for refugees should be the “highest possible priority” for both their health and that of UK residents. According to official figures, around 6,100 visas have so far been granted to Ukrainian refugees to stay in the UK. An unlimited number will be allowed into the country as they flee from an invasion which has seen the deaths of countless civilians.  READ MORE: Ukrainian orphans will fly to a new life in Britain On Thursday, the Government announced Ukrainian refugees would be able to access the NHS for free. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said it is the country’s “moral duty” that refugees are “able to access the healthcare they might need, without worrying about the cost”. The Department of Health indicated it would work with NHS England to ensure pre-existing funding is prioritised to deal with new patients alongside the existing patient backlog. The NHS currently has a backlog of over six million patients, as many treatments were put on hold during the coronavirus pandemic.  Under guidance published last week, people arriving from Ukraine will need to register with a GP, who would then follow up with a health screening and any necessary vaccinations, including for coronavirus. GPs have been instructed to screen for tuberculosis by the Office for Health Improvement and Disparities, a disease which spreads through aerosols and has a high incidence rate in Ukraine. The Government also advises there is a high prevalence of Hepatitis C in Ukraine, and a risk of typhoid. However, the Department of Health said health screenings would take place in GP surgeries rather than on arrival.  DON'T MISS RAF Emergency: High alert as plane sounds 7700 ‘Squawk’ code [INSIGHT] Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai [REPORT] ‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [ANALYSIS] David Katz, emeritus professor of immunology at UCL, said "the sooner the better" when asked about healthcare screenings for new arrivals into the country. He told Express.co.uk making sure there were accurate health records made promptly should be the “highest possible priority” to ensure the health of refugees and UK residents alike. Professor Katz said: “People say it's intrusive, and invasive, and these people have suffered – but it's in their best interest to have accurate records made right at the start.” Afghan refugees who came to the UK last year were told to register with a local GP as they looked to be permanently settled.  Many Ukrainian refugees are remaining in mainland Europe, so they may quickly return to their homeland when able. As such, for those who plan to stay in the UK for only a short time, an upfront health screening is considered preferable. He added: “It is bad public health policy to say that you can allow people wandering around unregistered.”  The Department of Health declined to comment further. NHS England directed Express.co.uk to the Department of Health when asked to comment. 