PSV Eindhoven starlet Cody Gakpo is attracting plenty of attention ahead of the summer transfer window with Arsenal supposedly keen on making a move, but that still won't fix Mikel Arteta's glaring issue. Gakpo has slowly been making a name for himself on the Eredivisie in recent years ever since being handed his debut in 2018. But this year has proven to be a breakout season for the 22-year-old as he's scored an impressive 16 goals along with providing 15 assists in 37 games across all competitions. His performances have made a number of clubs across Europe stand up and take notice. However, it's Arsenal who are supposedly leading the race for his signature this summer. Despite signing a new long-term contract just recently, Dutch publication Voetbal International state that PSV are willing to listen to offers for Gakpo at the end of the season. Arsenal are named as favourites to complete a move with PSV wanting a fee in the region of £42million. While Gakpo would prove to be an astute piece of business and fit into what the Gunners have been building under Arteta, he still wouldn't fix the glaring issue in their squad. JUST IN: Arsenal icon Paul Merson feared Odegaard saw team like 'Jonathan Ross'  The Dutch forward predominantly plays on the left wing for PSV, although he does often cut in for his favoured right foot. What Arsenal still so desperately need this summer is an out-and-out striker to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah could also leave as free agents, meaning Folarin Balogun may be the only recognised striker at the club this summer. The 20-year-old is relishing an opportunity to return to the Emirates this summer after his loan spell at Middlesbrough. He said: “It is really exciting to watch Arsenal now. Any single player would love to be in a side like that that is doing well. DON'T MISS  "I am looking at them and looking at what I can do to get into that team and adding to my qualities. At Boro I think my game has become more mature. At U23s I was able to get away with things. In men’s football you need to play with your head more. I know there is more I can do to improve." But Arsenal will still likely need to go into the market for another striker option with the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Alexander Isak and Luka Jovic touted as top options. Signing Gakpo would provide Arteta more depth in the attacking department with the Gunners hoping to return to Champions League football next season. But to truly close the gap to those competing at the top of the table, Arsenal will need to follow up the potential signing of Gakpo with an out-and-out striker.