Peaky Blinders is back on BBC One and Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) was concerned about his daughter's health. Ruby (Orla McDonagh) had been experiencing visions, whilst displaying signs of a fever and she was coughing up blood, and she sadly died at the end of the episode. Esme (Aimee-Ffion Edwards) suggested Connie Barwell's mother could be behind it all, but who is the mystery woman? In the latest episode of Peaky Blinders, Tommy went in search of someone who could save his sick daughter. He was deeply haunted by the fact she was experiencing strange hallucinations that suggested death was imminent. Tommy paid a visit to Esme, who left the Shelby family following her husband John's (Joe Cole) death. With her knowledge of Romany culture, Tommy asked Esme to help him understand what was wrong with Ruby. She took him to a Gypsy graveyard and she told Tommy the story of another young girl who had died. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star on why they quit as Tommy Shelby took centre stage She said: "You recall a sapphire? You gave a sapphire to a woman called Bethany Barwell. "She took the stone back to her camp." Tommy warned Bethany of the stone, but she took it nonetheless. Esme said: "She gave the sapphire to her sister, Evadne Barwell. Evadne put the stone around the neck of her daughter, a little girl. "Straight away the little girl began to cough, she died that night. Seven years old." Tommy was then seen approaching Connie Barwell's grave, which was marked with a cross. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders fans in tears as beloved character dies 'So cruel!' Esme explained how she believed the stone was thrown into the river and no one has looked for it since. She said: "I'm guessing it to be the girl's mother who laid the curse. Only women can lay curses. "Perhaps she waited until your little girl was seven, so you would know how it feels." Tommy was so distraught that he questioned resorting to alcohol, something he had given up. He then vowed to hunt down the girl's mother and give her money to take back the curse. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby’s death sealed in Lizzie twist? [DISCUSSION] Peaky Blinders season 6: Grey man's identity uncovered? [INSIGHT] Peaky Blinders’ fans rejoice as Tommy confirms fan-favourite return [DISCUSSION] However, Esme suggested she would be difficult to track down as they crossed the sea. Tommy urged Esme to spread the word in search of her, as he wanted to build a monument to Connie. He screamed: "I will buy her off, I will start looking today. Ruby will be well." He was prepared to make amends but he could turn to violence if the urge for vengeance takes over. Tommy was desperate for Connie's mother to spare his daughter, but she died by the time he returned to the hospital. There is a chance Evadne will be introduced to the series if Tommy is serious about hunting her down. He may lose his composure in her presence and kill her without a second thought. Tommy has not seen the Barwells for 10 years, so running into the family could bring a mix of emotions. Connie's mother is yet to be introduced so very little is known about the mystery woman. Fans will have to wait and see whether Tommy continues to pursue Connie's mother in the next episode.  Peaky Blinders airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm.