From Moscow’s perspective this should be especially concerning since, politics aside, the social values of the EU’s eastern flank are much closer to Russia’s than those of western Europe. Few should underestimate then the symbolism of the visit by the Prime Ministers of the Czech Republic, Poland and Slovenia to Kyiv, having travelled by train to meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. With a message of solidarity, Czech leader Petr Fiala told Ukrainians they were “not alone”. Mr Fiala later tweeted that “our countries stand by your side.” His Polish counterpart Mateusz Morawiecki – joined by Poland’s deputy PM, Jarosław Kaczyński - said that if Europe lost Ukraine it would be a “defeated, humiliated and pathetic version of its former self”. For Ukraine’s neighbours – having taken in the bulk of that country’s refugees (Poland’s population has swelled by nearly 2 million in a matter of weeks) – the conflict feels all too close to home. While on the trip, Mr Morawiecki said “it is here that the future of us all hangs in the balance”. The meeting was not part of any EU mission but a show of solidarity by Ukraine’s Slavic neighbours. During the meeting, Mr Kaczyński said an international peacekeeping mission with military capability should be sent to Ukraine, although Mr Zelensky has said Ukrainians understand they cannot join NATO. While Mr Fiala wrote that “the purpose of the visit” was “to confirm the unequivocal support of the entire European Union for the sovereignty and independence of Ukraine”, support for Ukrainian accession to the EU remains far stronger in the EU’s east than the west. Despite warm wishes, western European leaders will be all too aware that another religious eastern European member could tip the balance of the EU in favour of the more conservative countries in the region, such as Hungary and Poland, who the European Parliament last week confirmed should not receive EU funds owing to perceived failings in their judicial systems. Nevertheless, the visit will add pressure on the EU to admit Ukraine even though the country is unlikely to meet criteria for membership anytime soon. Meanwhile, admitting Ukraine would mean either snubbing or fast-tracking membership for other EU candidate countries such as North Macedonia.  For his part, Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Janša said the visit will send the message that “every path in Ukraine is a European path”, even though any fast-tracked accession process for Ukraine – favoured by both Poland and Slovenia – was essentially shelved during a recent summit in France. Central and eastern European countries will now consider their next move. Long before this crisis the EU was split between a conservative east and a progressive west. This continues to haunt the Continent, and catalyse the long-running dispute between Brussels on the one hand, and Budapest and Warsaw on the other. If Ukrainian accession to the EU is not possible anytime soon, central and eastern European countries may consider forming their own parallel organisation, perhaps a beefed-up version of the Visegrád Group which already unites the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia, but could draw in the Baltic countries, as well as Croatia and Slovenia at least. Like Japan and South Korea in Asia, central and eastern European EU member states believe they have proved that democracy can co-exist with traditional values. In any event, any parallel central and eastern European union (or CEEU) would not undermine EU membership for the likes of Poland. Meanwhile, little stands in the way of EU member states allowing freedom of movement with non-EU countries on a unilateral basis (post-Brexit Britain and EU member the Republic of Ireland retain such an arrangement). There is strength in numbers, of course. If central and eastern European EU countries, with their traditional values but respect for democracy and human rights, feel their voices are being drowned out in the EU, they may begin to forge a third way between Brussels and Moscow. 