Joe Biden, 79, took aim at Russian President Vladimir Putin, 69, in his first State of the Union address since taking office in January 2021. He accused his Russian counterpart of having "badly miscalculated" the situation in Ukraine and said he was met with a "wall of strength he never anticipated or imagined". The 46th President said: "Throughout our history, we’ve learned this lesson – when dictators do not pay a price for their aggression, they cause more chaos. "They keep moving. "And, the costs and threats to America and the world keep rising. "That’s why the NATO alliance was created to secure peace and stability in Europe after World War Two. "The United States is a member along with 29 other nations. "It matters. American diplomacy matters. American resolve matters." JUST IN: 'Risk to freedom of expression!' Lord Frost leads Tory revolt against Online Safety Bill  He added: "Putin’s latest attack on Ukraine was premeditated and totally unprovoked. "He rejected repeated efforts at diplomacy. He thought the West and NATO wouldn’t respond. "He thought he could divide us here at home, in this Chamber and this nation. "He thought he could divide us in Europe as well. But Putin was wrong. "We are ready, we are united and that's what we did, we stayed united." Members of Congress showed their support for Ukraine by waving small flags and even wearing blue and yellow clothing. READ MORE: GB News: Dan Wootton praises Zelensky as ‘real leader’ but blasts 'coward' Putin Indiana's Ukrainian-born Republican Representative Victoria Spartz, 43, sported a blue suit and yellow blazer. First Lady Jill Biden, 70, attended the State of the Union alongside Kyiv's ambassador in Washington Oksana Markarova, 45. The US President received raucous applause when he set out new measures to target Russia, including oligarchs. He said: "Tonight, I say to the Russian oligarchs and corrupt leaders who built billions of dollars off this violent regime, no more. "The United States — I mean it. "The United States Department of Justice is assembling a dedicated task force to go after the crimes of the Russian oligarchs." DON'T MISS:  French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war [REVEAL] Ukraine support from UK furiously backed by Lord Hannan [INSIGHT] Diane Abbott and anti-NATO Labour MPs put on notice by Starmer [SPOTLIGHT] Biden added: "We're joining with European allies to find and seize their yachts, their luxury apartments, their private jets. We're coming for your ill-begotten gains." However, the 46th President also announced he would join Canada and the European Union in closing off American air space to all Russian flights in an attempt to add an "additional squeeze" on the Russian economy. Despite putting pressure on Putin, Mr Biden stressed he would not send US troops to Ukraine. The POTUS instead highlighted how soldiers had been sent to Europe "to defend our NATO allies in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west". Mr Biden also spent much of his inaugural State of the Union address talking about his administration's post-Covid rescue plan and how they intend to deal with the cost of living crisis, which has seen inflation reach a 40-year high.