A ceasefire will be put in place from 7am GMT in an attempt to open humanitarian corridors from Kyiv, Mariupol, Kharkiv and Sumy. Russian media outlets confirmed the announcement came at the request of French President Emmanuel Macron. Interfax included a statement from Russia's interagency humanitarian response staff in Ukraine which read: "Taking into account the disastrous humanitarian situation and its severe deterioration in the cities of Kyiv, Kharkiv, Sumy, and Mariupol, and also at French President Emmanuel Macron's personal request to Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Russian Armed Forces are declaring a ceasefire and opening humanitarian corridors for reasons of humanity starting 10am on March 7, 2022." The Russian news agency also reports Moscow has told a number of international organisations about their plans to open humanitarian corridors. The statement continued: "Said information has been communicated to the specialised institutions of the United Nations, the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe, the International Committee of the Red Cross, and other international organisations via all informational resources available, including media outlets." Mr Macron tweeted last night to confirm he had held talks with his Russian and Ukrainian counterparts. JUST IN: Donald Trump tells donors US should 'bomb the s**t' out of Russia and blame it on China He said: "I spoke with President Putin and then with President Zelensky. "We are striving to preserve the integrity of Ukraine's civilian nuclear plants, in addition to other priority demands we presented to Russia: a ceasefire and the protection of civilians." However, previous ceasefires have proved controversial after Moscow claimed Kyiv had breached the ceasefire. But the UK had accused Russia of using a ceasefire called yesterday to regroup its forces for a further attack. In an intelligence update the Ministry of Defence said: "For the second day in a row, a ceasefire agreement to enable the evacuation of civilians from Mariupol failed. "The ceasefire was scheduled between 10 am and 9 pm local time, but the agreement was violated within hours of its planned implementation." The MoD added: "As with yesterday, Russia has accused Ukraine of breaking the ceasefire agreement. "This is probably an additional attempt to diminish responsibility for civilian casualties caused by continued Russian strikes on the city." Kyiv also suggested Russia broke a ceasefire on Saturday. Iryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister, said: "I want to confirm the fact that Russia has violated agreements reached with the mediation of the Red Cross, did not fulfil the agreement and is shelling Volnovakha." However, the Kremlin's most recent statement also tried to point the finger at Kyiv. It said: "We demand that Ukraine strictly abide by all the conditions on setting up humanitarian corridors along the listed routes and ensure the orderly evacuation of civilians and foreign citizens." The statement added: "We warn that all attempts by the Ukrainian side to deceive Russia and the entire civilised world once again by blaming the Russian Federation for disrupting the humanitarian operation are useless and pointless this time around."