Although NBC’s thrilling crime series of The Blacklist is currently on its ninth season, fans have become concerned about the show’s future. This comes after its showrunner John Eisendrath secured a new deal with Fox for an upcoming drama.  The Blacklist follows criminal mastermind Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) as he works with the FBI to take down some of the world's most dangerous criminals. Although he was number one on the most wanted fugitives list, in season one Red was able to secure a deal after he offered help to track down other suspects using a list he had compiled. While fans followed the dangerous investigations and life-threatening missions the task force would take on, a new mystery grabbed viewers' attention. In season five, the show dropped its biggest bombshells when it revealed Red could be a complete imposter. READ MORE: Alexander Vlahos age: How old is Outlander’s Allan Christie star? As a result, fans have since been trying to unsolve the mystery of Red’s true identity with a number of different theories. With season nine drawing closer to its finale each week, viewers have begun to worry they may never find out the biggest mystery of the show. The worry only continued to grow after it was announced John Eisendrath landed a huge deal away from NBC for an upcoming procedural drama. Deadline also reported John had signed a new three-year overall deal with Sony TV through 2025. A fan posted the article on Reddit to which, the user InterestingPost5439 commented: “I wonder what that means for The Blacklist???” When the original poster responded: “I feel like TBL will never end,” they were given a reason to be concerned. Another viewer, Justgivemeadietcoke added: “Nothing…? His deal is with Sony TV, not with NBC. “Him getting a contract extension doesn’t mean TBL will go on forever. NBC will continue to renew TBL as long as it makes some money and doesn’t cost an arm and a leg to produce.” DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly red-faced as Mr Motivator demands apology [INSIGHT]The Blacklist backlash: NBC drama off-air for another week [REACTION]The Blacklist season 9: Red to face off with dead enemy's family clue? [THEORY] The future of the series was first questioned when its creator Jon Bokenkamp announced his departure from The Blacklist after the season eight finale. He posted a lengthy statement on Twitter, which read: “I wanted to write you directly to let you know that I've made the difficult decision to leave The Blacklist. “I love this show with all of my heart and it's been an incredible journey, but after eight years I feel it's time for me to step out of my comfort zone. “Try something new, and explore a few of the other characters and stories that have been crawling around in my head.” He added: “I genuinely believe the series remains full of life, creatively strong, and that bright days lie ahead,” Bokenkamp then went on to thank the fanbase. While the future of The Blacklist remains uncertain viewers can rest assured the series will return for a 10th season. During an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, Reddington star James Spader confirmed the renewal. The Blacklist season 9 continues Friday, March 18 on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.