Can Arslan chuckled to himself as he asked an arresting officer: “He is dead, isn’t he? I warned you, the police. One year. Look, it happened.” Arslan, 52, is charged with stabbing father-of-three Matthew Boorman, 43, to death in front of his wife Sarah after a long-running feud with neighbours that started with parking dispute. Body worn video footage, seen by a jury, recorded Arslan as he swore and ranted at officers shortly after his arrest. At one stage, he said: “I warned them I was going to murder him. “He was against my son, my wife. Hahaha.” Arslan claimed to be “special forces” before pleading with police to handcuff him in the front because of his arthritis. Matthew BoormanHe threatened the officers saying, “There is a bounty on your head,” and repeatedly told them, “You are next.” Arslan was then locked in the back of a police car and driven away from the scene in the village of Walton Cardiff, near Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire. As he was being booked into a police station, he said: “I told police I was going to murder him - I murdered him.” Arslan added: “I warned you people were going to die tonight. More people are going to die tonight. There are contracts on their heads. “I told you I was going to murder him. I was a sniper in the army and I told him not to mess with me. I killed 50 people in the Kurdish army.”  Jurors at Bristol Crown Court were told he was driven by “anger and revenge” following a long-running dispute that began over a parking dispute. They had been trying to evict Arslan and had succeeded in getting a civil injunction, the court heard. Mr Boorman had just returned from work at GE Aviation on October 5, last year, when Arslan attacked him on his front lawn, jurors were told. Mr Boorman suffered 27 stab wounds. The victim’s wife Sarah was stabbed in the thigh as she tried to save her husband, the court heard. Arslan sat on Mr Boorman and lit a "triumphant" cigarette," the court heard. He also stabbed neighbour Peter Marsden eight times before he was tackled by neighbours armed with golf clubs and pieces of wood. He denies murdering Mr Boorman on the grounds of diminished responsibility and claims he was in the grip of a psychiatric disorder. He admits the attempted murder of Mr Marsden, causing grievous bodlily harm to Mrs Boorman and affray. The trial continues.