After two years away owing to the Covid pandemic, London’s annual St Patrick’s Day celebrations will be returning to the capital. St Patrick's Day is Thursday, March 17, meaning this weekend will see revellers take to the streets. The main event amongst all the Guinness-fuelled festivities will be the parade, which marches through central London. Getting underway at midday on Sunday, March 13, the parade will begin at Hyde Park Corner, before travelling through Piccadilly, St James’s Street, Pall Mall, Cockspur Street and Whitehall. More than 50,000 people are expected to join the annual procession of Irish marching bands, dance troupes and pageantry. To top things off, 2022's edition will see the return of the popular Giant St Patrick and the Garda band from Dublin. READ MORE: What your eye colour says about your personality  To pay tribute to the Irish Londoners who have supported the city throughout the pandemic, 11 key workers will be honoured, this year, as Grand Marshals of the famous parade. Those chosen come from a range of different backgrounds, including nurses, supermarket workers and firefighters. Once the parade is finished, the action then moves to Trafalgar Square, which will host a variety of St Patrick’s Day events, curated by the London Irish Centre, until 6pm. Family concerts, storytelling, children’s films and youth performances, as well as community choirs, schools, dance troupes and a singalong finale are all expected to be present.  Irish folk acts, Damien Dempsey and Altan will headline a live music line-up that will also feature performances from the Irish Elderly Pensioners Choir, Fiddler of London, Séamus & Caoimhe Uí Fhlatharta, and more. Alongside the main stage will be 2019’s International Chef of the Year, Anna Haugh, who will be running food demos. Children’s workshops featuring camogie games, medal making and face painting, and a wide variety of food and drinks stalls will also help to keep punters entertained. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he was delighted the event could return with a theme of bringing the community back together.  DON'T MISS: Britain to turn white as 4 inches of snow bomb to hit by next week [NEWS]Meghan Markle warned by Royal chef she would have to pay for her meal [EXPLAINED]Prince Harry’s remark went down ‘like lead balloon’ with Markles [INSIGHT] He added: "London has the largest Irish population in the UK and St Patrick's Day provides a wonderful opportunity to honour the spirit of our Irish community and celebrate the enduring strength of the relationship between our two countries. "Lá Fhéile Pádraig Sona Daoibh!" Ireland's ambassador to the UK, Adrian O'Neill, said he had witnessed the "strength, cohesion and determination" of the Irish community in London and further afield during the pandemic. He said: "The challenges of the last two years have proven the resilience of our community, but also shown the ways that we have come together in solidarity - to stay connected with those who were isolated and to support the vulnerable among us.  "This year's St Patrick's Day festival in London will be a fantastic celebration where we can connect again in person and proudly celebrate our history, heritage and culture, as well as our contemporary community in all its rich diversity." St Patrick’s Day observes the death of St Patrick, the patron saint of Ireland. Emigrants, particularly to the United States, helped to play a significant role in transforming St Patrick’s Day into a largely secular holiday of revelry and celebration of things Irish. 