Vera star Brenda Blethyn was back on Wednesday night with her sidekick Koji (played by Okorie Chukwu) as the ITV comedy made a return with its third instalment. The programme saw Koji face racist behaviour, which was quickly shut down by Kate who accidentally threatened the culprits with a gun from World War Two. However, just minutes into the episode, viewers seemed to get annoyed with the "canned laughter" from the audience. While others claimed to "switch off" their TV because they weren't enjoying the programme. Since the second series first aired, fans have been very vocal and have shared their thoughts about the Brenda Blethyn comedy. Many have been unhappy with the sound of the audience's laughter. READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is User @GeezerDel penned: "I am watching a sitcom called Kate and Koji. It is dreadful enough but it has the worst canned laughter I’ve heard since the seventies." While Ed Halsey wrote: "#kateandkoji is the absolute televisual representation of bad GCSE drama. Horrific and excruciating piece of TV." William added: "I've managed to endure 12 minutes of Kate and Koji, that's double what I managed last week before I turned it off. Not much of an achievement as you might think it is as this week the remote had slipped down the back of the sofa." Whereas last week, Jamwah raged: "The Sitcom Kate and Koji … I’m trying really .. trying to get it… but the canned laughter ruins it." "Kate and Koji is really c**p. Just not funny. Even the pathetic canned laughter sounds bored," user @Thecaseisalter1 said. Sharon Forbes went on to say: "That canned laughter on Kate and Koji is so outdated. Can’t understand why programmes still use such a ridiculous and annoying technique." However, despite the criticism, some viewers are loving the series with user @summerdaze7 tweeting: "#KateandKoji...the best episode yet. Sharp, funny, topical and brilliant." "@ITV #kateandkoji absolutely hilarious love it @BrendaBlethyn hopefully @ITV will be recommissioning it. Just shows how brilliant @BrendaBlethyn is. Gave me a much-needed laugh tonight," Paul Williams added. (sic) DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] Despite the outrage from viewers, ITV bosses have confirmed that a real studio audience was present when they were filming for Kate and Koji. Scriptwriters Guy Jenkin and Andy Hamilton explained that even though they were forced to delay filming for season two due to the coronavirus pandemic, they were thrilled to have a studio audience back to watch the show. Speaking ahead of the series, they said: “We were disappointed to have to postpone the second series because of the big Covid spike in January 2021, but now we’re looking forward to getting back into Kate’s seaside café with our superb cast, performing in front of a live studio audience.” Viewers also noticed another big change to the current series when the actor who played Koji was replaced.  Jimmy Akingbola had to exit the series due to a filming schedule clash with Peacock's The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reboot. However, he was promptly replaced by Okorie Chukwu, who made his debut as Koji at the beginning of season two. In a recent interview on This Morning, Okorie opened up about replacing Jimmy. "I think I read the script, and I really felt a connection with Koji, when the job was offered, I did think it was an unusual way to onboard the show," he told Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield. "But, it was a hit show, and I thought it was an amazing comedy, a bit nervous, but everyone was so welcoming and so warm and the way the team got me involved." Kate and Koji returns on Wednesday at 9pm on ITV.