The prince urged his wife Kate to take the lead as the couple spent time meeting with teachers working in early childhood education during their second day in the country. Footage of the pair meeting with educators at Shortwood Teacher Training College in Kingston captured a candid exchange between the royals as William told Kate to kick off the discussions on the topic of early childhood education, which is famously close to the duchess’s heart. Prince William urged Kate “you start”, prompting giggles from his wife and the others they were meeting. He goes on: “I’m out of my depth here." He adds: “I’m listening.” Kate can be seen patting her husband lovingly on the back and reassuring him “no you’re not!” William and Kate came across relaxed and happy as they shared a light-hearted moment with the teachers and teachers-in-training they were meeting at the college. The Duchess then kicks off a conversation on the importance of early childhood education - a personal passion of the mother-of-three and a key focus of the second day of the royals’ visit to Jamaica.  Jamaica was the second top on their five-day Caribbean tour, where the couple have visited Belize, Jamaica and are set to travel to the Bahamas to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The royals visited the teacher training college on Wednesday, which is recognised as a leading institution in the field of early childhood education and care. In her first speech of the royal Caribbean tour, Kate praised the work of teachers, who she said played a “crucial” role in shaping societies and nurturing future generations. She said: "I truly believe we are on the cusp of one of the biggest opportunities for positive change in generations. "It is so wonderful to hear your ideas and enthusiasm for teaching and the hopes you have to influence the lives of young people.” Speaking about the college, which was founded in 1885, Kate said: "Shortwood is obviously a very special place, with a proud history. Because, as you know, it has been supporting teachers and therefore the children of Jamaica for over one hundred years." READ MORE: Kate and William charm public with casual social media on royal tour She went on to explain why children’s earliest experiences are critical to their long-term development. She said: "It is when we learn how to form relationships, how to connect to one another, how to manage our feelings and emotions. “It is when we learn to develop a sense of identity, belonging and worthiness. And it is when we shape our values and understanding of the world we live in." She continued, "That is why I am so passionate about early childhood. Because we are doing something much more than building healthy children. “We are nurturing the children and the adults that they will become, the families they will build and the communities they will be part of." She praised teachers and future teachers for standing on “the front line of this vital work” and “playing a crucial role in shaping our societies by positively impacting the futures of literally thousands of young people over the course of your careers.” DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Kate opens up in emotional speech [LIVE]Sturgeon's independence crusade 'playing into Putin's hands' [BREAKING]Putin mutiny as soldier 'drives tank over commanding officer' [LATEST] William and Kate met with students who are training to become early childhood education practitioners and received a tour of the adjoining school, Shortwood Practising Primary and Infant School. There, they met pupils and teachers before travelling to Spanish Town Hospital, which is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year. The pair were given an insight into life on the frontline of Jamaica’s COVID-19 response, meeting doctors, nurses and other members of staff who told them about their experiences. They travelled to Shortwood right after meeting with Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness, who delivered a stark speech in which he directly addressed the protests that had greeted the royals on their arrival in the country on Tuesday. Mr Holness also referred to steps the government has been taking to remove Queen Elizabeth as the country’s head of state and move towards becoming a republic