Serhiy Orlov raged at Russia's President Vladimir Putin for continuing to bomb Ukraine's infrastructure and leaving his hometown of Mariupol devastated by shelling. Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for nearly 14 days, and global sanctions from international political leaders have not slowed down Putin's destructive path. The Deputy Mayor explained that important infrastructure such as schools, hospitals, and kindergartens had all been bombed by Russian forces, claiming the Russian dictator only wants "Ukraine without Ukrainians."  Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today, Mr Orlov said: "People from Mariupol thought that one hospital does not exist. "Because of artillery bombing and shelling... Bombing from the aircraft, they thought that hospital number nine in Prymors'kyi district does not exist, BBC host Mishal Husain said: "The Russians have directly attacked a hospital in Mariupol?" Mr Orlov added: "Russia directly destroyed schools, kindergarten and hospitals. JUST IN:'We have a nuclear deterrent' Navy chief blasts back at 'ridiculous' Putin's threats     "They even try to destroy a blood collection hospital, you know that in Ukraine Putin does not have a war with the Ukrainian army, his war is with Ukraine, he wants Ukraine without Ukrainians." Ms Husain said: "It sounds absolutely desperate what you're describing, do you think you're going to make it out of Mariupol alive?" Mariupol's deputy mayor replied: "I don't know we hope that we will establish somehow, a humanitarian corridor and we will help our citizens, we're working day by day, hour by hour to do this. Western countries have been offering support to Ukraine in efforts to help them, The UK has refused to back down despite threats from Putin.  READ MORE: BBC analysis reveals the REAL reason Putin invaded Ukraine     British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said in a statement: "Our new ‘International Ukraine Support Group’ will coordinate the efforts of the international community to provide long term, and unwavering assistance, now and in the future. And we will be encouraging more countries to join us. "This is the moment for Ukraine’s friends to create a coalition of humanitarian, economic and defensive military support to ensure that Putin fails. Mr Johnson added: "That is why today I am announcing a further £175m of UK aid for Ukraine - $100m of which will be provided directly to the Ukrainian Government. This brings the total UK support announced during this crisis to around £400m. "After 12 days it is already clear that Putin has made a miscalculation. "He has underestimated Ukrainians, their heroic resistance, and their leader. He has underestimated the unity of the West. "And we will continue to strengthen that unity in the days ahead to ensure that Putin fails in this catastrophic invasion of Ukraine. DON’T MISS: Cornered Putin planning to 'break Ukrainian spirit' with vicious weapons, ex-defence bossPutin 'preparing nuclear facilities' for some areas to survive amid fears of WW3Putin warning: Russia to 'turn the lights out' for Ukraine after taking power plant Russia does not have full air superiority over the skies but despite that fact, they have continued to successfully bomb important infrastructures in Ukraine. Calls from Ukrainian politicians and citizens for the West to impose a no-fly zone have been assessed. NATO has refused to impose one, for good reason. A no-fly zone will cause direct conflict with Russian troops by shooting down their planes. The no-fly zone could cause an all-out war with Russia versus other Western countries. NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg said: “The only way to implement a no-fly zone is to send Nato fighter planes into Ukraine’s airspace, and then impose that no-fly zone by shooting down Russian planes."