From the beginning of the pandemic, mental health conditions have seen a rapid rise. England saw 4.3 million mental health referrals made in 2021 - a record number. The pandemic took an emotional toll on millions, but what about the physical aspects of these conditions? Speaking on This Morning, Dr Nighat shared that this staggeringly high number “shouldn’t come as a shock". The doctor explained that mental health problems were a given since people got separated from the rest of society and locked down in their homes. However, the lesser-known impact of the mental health crisis is the toll taken on the physical one. Dr Nighat said: “If you’re lonely and you’re depressed, it will cause palpitations… high blood pressure, even onset of diabetes." READ MORE: Dementia: Low levels of vitamin B9 increases risk warns new study - signs of deficiency “Your weight might go up.” “The fact that mental health became a component of physical health was brilliant but then the consultations went up in the pandemic.” Conditions like diabetes and high blood pressure can have further serious health implications. High blood pressure details the long-term force of your blood against your artery walls, the Mayo Clinic defines.  This force is high enough to trigger life-threatening complications, such as heart attack and stroke. One potential link between high blood pressure and mental health could be stress. The Mayo Clinic explains that when you are in a stressful situation, your blood pressure can increase temporarily, causing your heart to beat faster and your blood vessels to narrow. The health body also states that heart disease is also associated with conditions related to stress, including depression. However, there’s no evidence behind a direct link - it seems to be more about the hormones causing damage to the arteries. Diabetes is a chronic condition characterised by elevated blood sugar levels. Having too much glucose in your blood can lead to blood vessel and nerve damage, resulting in heart disease, according to the National Institute for Health. While diabetes can make your mental health issues worse, health bodies don’t explain how the latter can trigger the blood sugar condition. One risk factor for diabetes is weight. And the TV doctor pointed out that when you struggle with mental health issues you might gain weight. However, this would have to mean that you’ve gained enough to become overweight or obese to put you at risk. Dr Nighat explained what to look for in those around you: “The signs are if they are low, not themselves. “If they want to be on their own a lot more - loneliness. “And actually, have a look at what they are saying on social media, if they are verbalising they are sad. “Or if they just say, ‘I’m okay’, stop, and say, ‘Are you really okay?'” In case you're struggling with mental health and need to speak to someone, you can call Samaritans on 116 123, 24 hours a day.