Meghan and her husband Prince Harry stepped back as senior royals two years ago and moved to Montecito, California, where they live with their two children. In their interview with Oprah Winfrey last year, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex explained how they felt they were not treated well by The Firm. However, many experts with insight into the Royal Family have claimed the couple were warmly welcomed. Indeed, the Queen even made an unprecedented exception for Meghan at Christmas in 2017, according to columnist and royal expert Richard Kay. The Royal Family have spent their Christmases at Sandringham for decades and it is typically reserved for family only, meaning partners only get an invite after the wedding. However, the Queen is said to have broken that tradition for Harry’s fiancée. Meghan became the first royal fiancée to spend Christmas with the Royal Family at Sandringham. Richard Kay told Channel 5’s recent documentary, ‘Harry and Meghan Vs The Monarchy’, that this was a “rare exception”. JUST IN: Prince Harry relieved as Duke of Sussex's 'second dad' returns home after cancer scare He said: “Talk about a baptism of fire. Here was a rare exception being made. “Kate Middleton was not invited as William’s girlfriend to spend Christmas at Sandringham with the royals. “But here was Meghan doing just that.” Kate, Duchess of Cambridge did not spend Christmas at Sandringham until December 2011 — after her wedding to Prince William. Famously, Sarah Ferguson, affectionately known as Fergie, was ousted from the family Christmas after her divorce from Prince Andrew in 1996. It is understood that Prince Philip could not stand to have his former daughter-in-law at the family celebration, so she wasn't invited to the event. Last year, it was thought that Fergie would be brought in from the cold, but the Duchess remained at Royal Lodge, the home she shares with her ex-husband, while her family spent Christmas three miles away at Windsor Castle. Grant Harrold, who was butler to the Prince of Wales from 2004-2011, noted the significance of Meghan’s invitation. He told the documentary: “The Queen is very strict when it comes to family, and so to be invited was quite a significant thing. “I’m sure Meghan Markle was absolutely terrified.” Last year, the Queen had to break her Christmas traditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS] Her Majesty had to cancel lunch at Sandringham, which has been celebrated at the estate since 1988. It marked the monarch’s first Christmas without her husband Prince Philip. Earlier that year, Philip’s funeral service was greatly simplified due to Covid restrictions. Only a small guest list was permitted and, to adhere to the regulations, the Queen had to sit by herself in the chapel. Buckingham Palace announced that a Service of Thanksgiving in honour of Prince Philip will take place at Westminster Abbey this month. On March 29, almost a year on from Philip’s death, the Queen and other members of the Royal Family are expected to come together to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. Meghan and Harry’s attendance is uncertain given the Duke’s ongoing dispute with the Home Office about police protection. Harry is challenging the Home Office's decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for himself and his family while in the UK. The Queen is yet to meet her 11th great-grandchild, Lilibet, who was born in June last year. It’s been reported that Her Majesty “would desperately like to see” her.