The Conservative peer's appointment brings to an end a drawn-out search that has dragged on for over two years. The Prime Minister, Boris Johnson's preferred candidate, Paul Dacre, had pulled out of the race. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries named the 79-year-old - who has held senior positions at the BBC, ITV and Channel 4 - as the Government's preferred candidate for the £142,500 He beat former culture minister, Lord Ed Vaizey, and former deputy chairman of the Tory party, Lord Stephen Gilbert, to the post. Lord Grade will now appear before MPs on the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee during a pre-appointment hearing. He said: "Ofcom is respected across the globe as a first-rate communications regulator so I am privileged to be asked to become its chair.  "The role of Ofcom in British life has never been more important with new responsibilities on the horizon regulating online safety, on top of the ever-changing broadcasting landscape. "I look forward to my appearance in front of the DCMS Select Committee to outline what I can bring to this role and how I can help ensure Ofcom is fit for the future." Ms Dorries said she was delighted to announce Lord Grade as the Government's preferred candidate. She added: "Lord Grade's experience at the highest level of a number of broadcasters and his expert knowledge of the British media landscape makes him an ideal candidate for this role.  READ MORE ABOUT A SNOW BLAST HITTING BRITAIN "Going forward, Ofcom has an even more important role to play as the UK's communications regulator. "The introduction of the Online Safety Bill will give it new responsibilities and resources to ensure digital platforms tackle illegal and abusive material online. "I am confident that under Lord Grade's leadership Ofcom will rise to the challenge with great success." Lord Grade has served as controller of BBC One, chief executive of Channel 4, chairman of the BBC and executive chairman of ITV plc.   DON'T MISS: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking [REVEALED] Russian tank driver RUNS OVER his own commander [REPORT] Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ [LATEST] He currently sits as a Conservative peer in the House of Lords after being appointed by former prime minister David Cameron in 2011. Lord Grade has spoken in favour of the privatisation of Channel 4 and recently slammed the BBC's coverage of events such as the Downing Street parties as "gleeful and disrespectful". In January, ministers announced they were reopening the recruitment process for the three-day-a-week Ofcom job, They extended the application deadline after a "favourite" to fill the position walked away.  Mr Dacre withdrew from the race, claiming the civil service had influenced the process because of his right-of-centre "convictions". Lord Gilbert of Panteg, former deputy chairman of the Conservative Party and life peer, and Lord Moore, former editor of the Daily Telegraph, were both also reportedly in the running for the role. The appointment is for a term of four years and Lord Grade takes over from interim chair Maggie Carver. Lord Grade's father was the theatrical agent, Leslie Grade, and his uncles were the influential impresarios Lew Grade and Bernard Delfont. He was educated at the fee-paying Stowe School in Buckinghamshire. After a short stint as a sports columnist at the Daily Mirror in the 1960s, he moved into the theatrical business and worked for London Management & Representation.  What's your view? Join the debate in the comments section   Comedy duo Morecambe and Wise and TV presenter Larry Grayson were among his early clients. Lord Grade entered the television industry in 1973 when he joined London Weekend Television, the ITV network franchise holder for the Greater London area. He joined the BBC in the summer of 1984 and was made controller of BBC One later that year, before going on to other senior positions at the UK's major broadcasters. Lord Grade also co-founded GradeLinnit, a theatrical production company, and has also served as chairman of Ocado, First Leisure Corporation, Camelot, the Charity Fundraising Regulator and Bradford's Media Museum. Elsewhere, he has been a member of the former Press Complaints Commission and a trustee of the Science Museum. 