Jack Whitehall has suggested that he has been blacklisted after he made a tongue-in-cheek joke about Prince Harry at the Royal Variety Show in 2015. The comedian, 33, aimed several jibes at the Duke of Sussex during his performance at the time. The stand-up comic has now made another jibe at The London Palladium as part of his How To Survive The Summer Holidays tour alongside his mum Hilary Whitehall, 59, and dad Michael Whitehall, 81, on March 23. The trio entertained fans with their stage antics as Jack interviewed his parents. As they recall various anecdotes of their lives, the film actor recalled an awkward royal moment. Jack reportedly joked that he had been "banned" after taking a cheeky swipe at Prince Harry READ MORE: Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo Michael referenced Meghan Markle's recent book, The Bench, which he suggested had "changed his life". He then claimed that Jack had been "banned" from seeing his friend Harry during their standup routine. But the comic suggested that it was his joke at The Royal Variety show which got him snubbed. “I think I have been banned because I called him 'Ginger Nuts’ at the Royal Variety," Jack replied, according to The Sun.  The comic referred to his appearance at The Royal Variety Performance in 2015 and viewers may recall the various swipes made towards Prince Harry. The comedian joked about the royal running the country, to his time in the British Army before he went on to explain why the public adores the young royal so much. "Now you have done some incredible things of course; all the work you've done for charity and you've served your country with distinction in the British army," Jack mused. "But most importantly, when we look at you, we know that if you were one of our friends, you would be one of the lads." DON'T MISS... 'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles[LATEST]Brendan Cole hits out at Strictly for 'pushing tiring narrative'[STRICTLY]Britney Spears thinking about getting 'a boob job' after weight loss[UPDATE] The comic then quickly added: "I wasn't trying to belittle anything you do in the army there by the way. I mean that was an amazing achievement. "I think you're the first person to get a Victoria Cross for bravery just for stepping out of the shade in Afghanistan... I mean a ginger in that heat!" Prince Harry could be seen shaking his head while laughing as he watched the show. The pair have known each other for several years and the comedian attended Princess Eugenie's wedding at St George's Chapel in 2018. But he was noticeably absent from the Sussexes nuptials the same year. However, the comedian did not attend Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's royal wedding at Windsor Castle. Celebrities including George and Amal Clooney, Idris Elba and Oprah Winfrey were among the star-studded guest list. Meanwhile, fans of the comic got to see Jack's show where there were tales of his dad Michael turning down Strictly Come Dancing to watching Barry Manilow in Las Vegas. 