Harry’s life has been characterised by both success and dreadful lows. She started Blondie at 29, the band which rocketed her public profile after hits such as Sunday Girl, Heart of Glass, and Atomic. But she has also been raped at knifepoint in Manhatten, says Ted Bundy tried to abduct her and her real mother, was stalked by her ex-boyfriend, was denied by her real mother, and used heroin to quell her negative emotions. In her memoir Face It, she revealed she used heroin to “blank out parts of my life” or when she was “dealing with some depression.” But she isn’t vague about these worst “parts” of her life. Harry is open about the key events in her life, such as when she was raped while at Blondie co-founder Chris Steins apartment in the mid-1970s. Harry, who was adopted at the age of four, also revealed “her deep-rooted fear of abandonment” that was caused by the rejection of her real mother. The star hired a private investigator to track her down, only to receive a difficult rejection. The investigator was told: “Please don’t ever bother me again,” according to Harry in an interview with The Sun.      READ MORE: Covid patients may be ‘three times more likely’ to experience neuropathy - ‘could persist’   And in her memoir Face It, she also refers to a “violent and vitriolic” ex-boyfriend who stalked her, whom she hides behind the name ‘Mr C’. Despite these overwhelming events, the star has attempted to face them head-on through therapy. “I think therapy is a terrific way to go,” Harry told Stylist. “I recommend it highly. I don’t think you have to be in therapy forever, but I think you have to be willing to really take a good look: identify things about yourself, about your personal history.       “And I’m still discovering things. It’s kind of fascinating. Once you allow yourself to put the pieces together – really put them together, and not some kind of fantasy.” Despite replacing heroin with therapy, the star doesn’t “really regret” using the substance. “It [using heroin] started socially and didn’t seem so dangerous,” she said. “There wasn’t much information and clinics weren’t readily available.      “I don’t really regret it, maybe only in terms of feeling stupid. I happened to live at that time and perhaps, if I was younger now, I’d be taking opioids to find out what they were like. I have an adventurous spirit and a curious mind.” Although Harry has a lax attitude to her heroin use, the condition comes with serious risks. According to the drug charity Frank, heroin is highly addictive and there is a high risk of overdosing and dying while using the drug. Physical dependence is also quick to develop with the condition within only a matter of days or weeks of daily use, according to the NHS.      This means that the body adapts to the drug, and desires more to reach the same effect. Trying to break this dependency often produces withdrawal symptoms within a few hours after the drug was taken. Symptoms include restlessness, insomnia, vomiting, and muscle spasms. If you are struggling with depression, the NHS recommends several lifestyle changes, including therapy and medicine. The NHS typically uses cognitive behavioural therapy for mild depression and antidepressants may also be prescribed.     