Putin was given the black belt during a visit to South Korea in November 2013. He was awarded the honour by the head of the World Taekwondo Federation, ChoueChung-won, who also made the Russian president a grandmaster of the sport. But the Federation has now made the decision to strip him of his honour, saying the sport would not glorify any symbol of Russia, or its ally Belarus, in any near-future event. World Taekwondo said in a statement it “strongly condemns the brutal attacks on innocent lives in Ukraine, which go against the World Taekwondo vision of ‘Peace is More Precious than Triumph’ and the World Taekwondo values of respect and tolerance”. It added: “In this regard, World Taekwondo has decided to withdraw the honorary 9th dan black belt conferred to Mr. Vladimir Putin in November 2013. “In solidarity with the International Olympic Committee, no Russian or Belarusian national flags or anthems will be displayed or played at World Taekwondo events. “World Taekwondo and the European Taekwondo Union will not organise or recognise Taekwondo events in Russia and Belarus.” It continued: “World Taekwondo’s thoughts are with the people of Ukraine and we hope for a peaceful and immediate end to this war.” US presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump are among previous honorary black belts. The news comes as a convoy of Russian tanks moves towards the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv, with the estimated length of the convoy reaching a shocking 40 miles. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as Russian troops down weapons in collapse of morale Explosions have been heard in numerous Ukrainian cities, with civilian casualties increasingly hitting the headlines since the invasion began nearly one week ago. The International Criminal Court has also said it will investigate alleged war crimes perpetrated by Russian forces in Ukraine. It follows waves of Western sanctions slapped on numerous high-profile Russian citizens and organisations, aimed at crippling Moscow’s capacity to wage war in Ukraine. The EU announced on Monday the bloc has added 26 new people to its sanction list, including a number of Vladimir Putin’s closest associates. DON'T MISS: Ukraine Russia LIVE: 'God forbid Ukraine will fall' Stefanchuk warns [LIVE] Ukraine MAPPED: The chilling amount of land Russia has taken over [MAP] Putin is a pariah that world should unite against - EXPRESS COMMENT [COMMENT] This includes Igor Sechin, who heads up the state-owned oil company, Rosneft, and a prominent member of Putin’s government for decades. The sanctions extend to government ministers, including the Russian Transport Minister, Vitaly Savelyev, and Putin’s spokesperson himself, Dmitry Peskov. Unveiling the sanction list, the EU said Peskov “actively supported actions or policies which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine, as well as stability and security in Ukraine”. The bloc also froze Putin's assets on February 25, along with those of Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. The UK announced further sanctions against Russia on Monday, with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss confirming Russia’s largest bank will now fall under penalties. Ms Truss said the UK was "prepared to suffer economic sacrifices" to back Ukraine, and would hold the sanctions in place "for however long it takes". She added: "We will continue working through our hitlist of oligarchs, focusing on their houses, their yachts and every aspect of their lives.” The interest rate in Russia more than doubled on Monday in response to global sanctions, soaring to 20 percent after the rouble tumbled. The stock market also remains shut in an attempt to avoid an en-masse sell-off of shares.