Putin's relentless campaign over the border has so far failed to produce the results he hoped for, according to recent intelligence. Russian troops face fierce resistance from Ukrainian locals, who have bogged down the invading forces as they push towards Kyiv. As the devastating ground war develops, Russia could also launch an offensive on another dimension - the internet. That side of the conflict has blossomed over the last decade, with coordinated cyberattacks rocking Ukraine since 2015. After Russia took Crimea, hackers suspected to have hailed from Russia have tested cyber weapons on the country's infrastructure. They managed to disrupt services in Ukraine via local electricity grids and the banking system, with services knocked out by all-new malware. Experts suspected Russian hackers were using the Ukrainian network as a testing ground, given its similarities to its western European and North American counterparts. READ MORE: Calls for UK to allow Ukrainian refugees to bring pets with them Since establishing a physical presence in Ukraine, however, Russia has not carried out the cyber campaign some experts predicted. That doesn't mean Russian hackers won't try to cripple the country's online capabilities. Speaking to US magazine The National Interest, Kevin Novak, managing director of Breakwater Solutions, a cybersecurity firm, said Russia has chosen to go "kinetic" first. Any pursuit of cyber warfare won't have nearly the same commitment, designed "purely" to complement the initial assault. Mr Novak explained the cyberattacks would work to "debilitate" Ukrainian military capabilities and lay the ground for eventual surrender. In this case, an online campaign would pick at Ukraine's financial system and attempt to shift public favour in Russia's direction. The country could also use attacks to "compensate for sanctions imposed globally against Russia", Mr Novak added. Should hackers pursue this angle, it would mean stepping up attacks beyond Ukraine's borders. And Russia would have plausible deniability, as people can disguise the locations from which they launch attacks and even use other systems to do it for them. Russian actors may struggle to field attacks at present, however, as the country's network is currently on the defensive. Putin's actions have helped unite the west, dragging in one of the most infamous hacktivist collectives: Anonymous. Since the invasion began, hackers within the organisation have directed their attention towards the Russian government. Their latest activities have seen them accomplish what Mr Novak suspected Russia might attempt. They have broadcast scenes from Ukraine's front to Russian residents that the Putin regime would likely prefer they not see. Earlier this month, they took over the Russia 24, Channel One and Moscow 24 channels to show footage from the deadly assault. Anonymous helped direct opposition to Putin's actions by ending the broadcast with the message: “Ordinary Russians are against the war”.