The amount of energy in an item of food or drink is measured in calories. The NHS explains: “When we eat and drink more calories than we use up, our bodies store the excess as body fat. If this continues, over time we may put on weight.” Research suggests that calorie restriction, which reduces food intake without incurring malnutrition, may help people live longer.  Research published in PubMed.gov notes data indicates that diet plays a central role in the many age-associated chronic diseases, and in the biology of ageing itself. It adds: “Data from several animal studies suggest that the degree and time of calorie restriction (CR) onset, the timing of food intake as well as diet composition, play major roles in promoting health and longevity, breaking the old dogma that only calorie intake is important in extending healthy lifespan.” It says that data from human studies indicates that long-term CR, with adequate intake of nutrients, can reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and cancer. Nonetheless, the research suggests it is possible that some of the beneficial effects on metabolic health are not entirely due to CR, but to the high quality diets consumed by the CR practitioners. READ MORE: Supplements: The popular pill shown to increase prostate cancer risk by a whopping 163%  Another study says CR “can extend the average and maximum life span and delay the onset of age-associated changes in many organisms”. It suggests: “At present, the most promising alternatives to the use of CR in humans seem to be exercise, alone or in combination with reduced calorie intake, and the use of plant-derived polyphenol resveratrol as a food supplement.” Indeed, a study led by Yale researchers suggests the health benefits of moderate calorie restrictions in humans. The research was based on results from the Comprehensive Assessment of Long-term Effects of Reducing Intake of Energy (CALERIE) clinical trial.   Researchers first established baseline calorie intake among more than 200 study participants. Some participants were then asked to reduce their calorie intake by 14 percent, while the rest continued to eat as usual. The researchers analysed the long-term health effects of calorie restriction over the next two years. They focused on the gene for PLA2G7, which was one of the genes significantly inhibited following calorie restriction.  The study states: “ Poised at the intersection of metabolism and immunity, PLA2G7 could be a valuable target for correction of immunometabolic dysfunction.” The NHS says as a guide, an average man needs around 2,500kcal (10,500kJ) a day to maintain a healthy body weight. For an average woman, that figure is around 2,000kcal (8,400kJ) a day. It notes: “These values can vary depending on age, size and levels of physical activity, among other factors.” It adds: “To maintain a stable weight, the energy we put into our bodies must be the same as the energy we use through normal bodily functions and physical activity.”  The health body explains: “Eating a healthy, balanced diet is an important part of maintaining good health, and can help you feel your best. “This means eating a wide variety of foods in the right proportions, and consuming the right amount of food and drink to achieve and maintain a healthy body weight.” For example, it is recommended that you eat at least five portions of a variety of fruit and vegetables every day. They can be fresh, frozen, canned, dried or juiced. The NHS adds: “Starchy foods should make up just over a third of everything you eat. This means your meals should be based on these foods.” 