Escape to the Chateau star Dick Strawbridge was inundated with support after taking to Twitter following the end of his tour. Dick had been touring the country with his Dare To Do It tour alongside his wife Angel Strawbridge and their two children. Now the star has admitted he “can’t quite believe” it has come to an end. He also shared his excitement to sleep in his own bed in view of his 86,000 followers. Tweeting in the early hours of this morning, Dick wrote: “Can’t quite believe it but our tour has finished…. “We ended with a wonderful night in Belfast followed by an amazing finale in the London Palladium this evening …. READ MORE: Louise Minchin's daughter admits how stalking ordeal changed her mum  “It’s been very special and tomorrow night we’re in our own beds for the first time in nearly 6 weeks!” Dick and Angel’s tour began back in February and has seen them in venues around England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. This was called Dare To Do It! and followed the stars of the Channel 4 show opening up about their experience of renovating their home in France. The couple bought a chateau back in 2015 and have been renovating it since.   Escape to the Chateau has chronicled their journey so far across eight seasons. Following his latest update, Dick was inundated with support from his followers. Dame Karen Clyne wrote: “We couldn't come but kept seeing wonderful photos on Instagram. “Nothing beats sleeping in your own bed, with the one you love. Well done, to both of you. Keep inspiring us!” DON'T MISS... Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [INSIGHT]Countryfile’s Adam Henson announces career move away from BBC [VIDEO]'F****d!' Corrie's Jack P Shepherd suffers dilemma after breakdown [INSIGHT]   Paul Dreczko added: “Really enjoyed your show in Portsmouth Dick. Looking forward to the next series.” Stav replied: “Nice one, we saw the show in Manchester, what a fantastic night.” Country Idyll Interiors wrote: “Amazing guys, congratulations on such a successful tour! “Bet you will be glad to be home!”  Posting yesterday on the official Escape to the Chateau Instagram, the family posed for a photo at one of their final shows. Alongside this, they wrote: “Today marks the final day of the ‘Dare to Do It - So much more to say…’ tour. “Dick and Angel have had an amazing time over the past 5 weeks, exploring the UK and having the opportunity to see so many of you again... “Tonight is the last show of the tour at the London Palladium!“ 