Boxing legend Vitali Klitschko made a chilling admission as Ukrainian forces attempt to seek out Russian groups in Kyiv. The 50-year-old is a prominent sporting and political figure in Ukraine, and signed up in solidarity with his compatriots to defend his homeland from the Russian invasion. Vladimir Putin launched a widely-condemned military assault on Ukraine a week ago, and the horror shows no sign of slowing. The total number of people attempting to flee the country has now topped one million, and civilian deaths are believed to be in the hundreds. Russian forces have captured Kherson in the south, while efforts to defend the capital, Kyiv, are ramping up. Former world heavyweight champion boxer Vitali Klitschko has served as mayor of Kyiv 2014, and the 6ft 7in bruiser once nicknamed 'Dr. Ironfist' promptly committed to his country's war effort once the news of Putin's invasion broke. READ MORE: Oleksandr Usyk breaks silence on Anthony Joshua rematch after joining Ukraine's war effort His younger brother and fellow former heavyweight champion, Wladimir, did the same. Other Ukrainian boxers Oleksandr Usyk and Vasiliy Lomachenko have also joined the war effort, amid numerous passionate displays of support from the wider sporting world.  When asked about Ukrainian forces' mission to seek out Russian groups in Kyiv, Klitschko told Sky News: "We made an announcement, nobody is allowed to leave their houses. "We care about the lives of the people from one point. But from another point, we're trying to hunt these [other] people. "It will be much easier [to do that] if nobody is in the street. "We killed some people, I guess six people last night."  Klitschko retired from boxing in 2012 after winning 45 of his 47 fights, venturing into the world of politics shortly afterwards. During a glittering career, he notched big wins over the likes of Derek Chisora and Shannon Briggs. One of his two defeats came against British icon Lennox Lewis, although the Ukrainian earned huge plaudits for going into the fight as the underdog and battling on for several rounds with a severe cut over his left eye.  Klitschko retired on a streak of nine consecutive world title defences, and his final fight took place in Moscow. Russian fighter Alexander Povetkin released his own controversial statement on the conflict, seemingly in agreement with Putin that the military operation was to defend against 'nazism'. "We fought for the truth all these years, while Slavs were being exterminated in the Donbass," he wrote on Instagram, "That's why I'm a member and his decision to stand up for common people, to fight back Nazism. "Every war has an end. Let's hope this one ends in the coming days too."