A video has emerged online which appears to show Ukrainian forces cheering after hitting a Russian ship in the Black Sea that was attempting to invade the country's biggest seaport. The Vasily Byko Russian ship, featuring two machine guns and two grenade launchers, is believed to have tried capturing the port on Monday. However, the Ukrainian forces defended the Odessa port from the Russian vessel. In a statement on Facebook, Ukraine's navy wrote: "The enemy has retreated again." Similarly, the Ukrainian Armed Forces said: "Today, March 7, 2022, Navy marine units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine defending the Odessa region hit an enemy ship."  Ukraine's President Zelensky accused Russia of war crimes over its plans to bomb the Odessa port, which is located in an urban area with around one million people living nearby. In a video shared online, the Ukrainian leader said: "They are preparing to bomb Odessa. "Russians have always come to Odessa. They have always felt only warmth in Odessa. Only sincerity. And now what? Bombs against Odessa? Artillery against Odessa? Missiles against Odessa? "It will be a war crime. It will be a historical crime." In the days leading up to the attack, defence experts warned that the port could be next in Russia's landgrab operation.  READ MORE: Russia's soldiers ‘giving up’ and abandoning Putin’s war They warned that cutting off Ukraine from the Black Sea coastline would be a "huge blow" to the country and would give Russia a chokehold on its economy. But Odessa appears to so far have been spared from invasion. It comes on the twelfth day of Putin's invasion of Ukraine, and is another setback for the Russian president. Despite a heavy weekend of fighting, Russian troops are yet to capture any significant territory as Ukrainians continue to defend their capital from invading troops.  DON'T MISS: The 8 most popular social media sites which Putin could soon block [INSIGHT]‘Brexit Britain by FAR Putin’s most powerful adversary’ expert claims [COMMENT]Russia 'blackmailing Europe' with attack on nuclear facility [ANALYSIS] Russian forces appear to have struggled in the face of Ukrainian opposition since entering the country on February 24. Ukraine's Armed Forces claim to have wiped out around 30 Russian helicopters, and also say they have reclaimed the city of Chuhuiv, near Kharkiv. As of Monday morning, the country's defence ministry states they have taken out 290 Russian tanks, 11,000 troops, 1,000 armoured vehicles, 46 planes, 68 helicopters and 117 artillery pieces. Russia claimed there had only been 500 deaths of Russian troops, but have not updated the figures since last week. 