From fizzy tablets to little pills, the variety of options and nutrients can sometimes feel overwhelming. Plus, there’s been a lot of conflicting advice in recent years on which vitamin should be your go-to. Speaking on Morning Live, Dr Oscar Duke shared how to approach supplements and make sure you’re taking the right ones. Dr Oscar said: “It’s a massive industry, we spend around 440 million pounds a year on supplements here in the UK. “They’re not regulated the same way as drugs and medications, they come into the food category. “They don’t have to go through all the clinical trials you would do if you were going to be a medication and be sold in a pharmacy. “The overriding thing to remember is that vitamins are available in your diet.” READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘popular’ vitamin associated with a 91% higher risk of the disease The doctor added: “If you have a natural, balanced, varied diet, you should be able to get almost all the vitamins you need. “Instead of heading to the vitamin aisle, why don’t you go straight to the fruit and veg.” However, when asked about supplements he would recommend, the expert singled out the “number one”. Dr Oscar said: “My number one vitamin of recommendation is vitamin D."    Dr Oscar continued: “In the autumn and winter months in the UK, we don’t get very much sunlight, as we all know, and sunlight coming into contact with skin is what makes 90 percent of your vitamin D. “The NHS recommends that everybody should take 10 micrograms of vitamin D during the months of October till April.” Sometimes, vitamin D content is also expressed in International Units (IU), bringing this daily target to 400IU. The doctor also noted that certain groups of people, including those who don’t get out “very much”, should look into taking this supplement “all year round”. Dr Oscar warned about effervescent, fizzy tablets, in particular. He said: “Have a careful look at them because a lot of them have a lot of salt in the fizzy tablets. “Sometimes, up to as much as there is in two packets of crips - sort of four pinches of salt in there. “And we obviously want to keep salt nice and low to prevent it from raising your blood pressure.” Salt is a known risk factor for boosting high blood pressure. In case you’re not aware, high blood pressure describes the long-term force of your blood against your artery walls that is high enough to trigger health problems, the Mayo Clinic explains. This condition can lead to health issues, ranging from heart attacks to strokes. The NHS recommends not exceeding an intake of six grams of salt a day, which contains 2.4 grams of sodium.