Paramount Network’s hit Yellowstone spin-off Y 1883 took fans by storm as it explored John Dutton’s lineage. As season one came to a close last week, LaMonica Garrett who played Thomas took to Instagram and penned a heartfelt tribute to the series and updated fans with information about season two.  Y 1883 transported viewers back 130 years down the Dutton lineage and introduced John Dutton’s great grandparents. The series followed James Dutton (Tim McGraw), his wife Margaret (Faith Hill), son John (Audie Rick) and daughter Elsa (Isabel May) on their treacherous journey to Montana. The family joined a group of immigrants who were all seeking a better life on the life-threatening trek for a better future. As well as knowing about John’s background, the series also gave fans an insight into how they acquired the highly sought after Dutton Ranch. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series One of the other people on the journey was Thomas (LaMonica Garrett), a Pinkerton agent and veteran sergeant from a Buffalo Soldier regiment. He had joined the trek to help Shea Brennan (Sam Elliott) guide the group from Texas to Montana. Thomas’ arrival also helped Shea decide against ending his life after losing his entire family to smallpox. Although he had a tough exterior, Shea carried immense sadness in his heart and decided to lead the journey so he could let his wife see the ocean at the Oregon trail through his eyes.  As season one came to an emotional end, Garrett posted a video on Instagram, still dressed as Thomas, on his last day on set. He stated: “Six in the morning, we went all night.” Filming his costume, Garrett added: “Last day in wardrobe, I’m pretty attached to this thing. The actor also highlighted a challenge: “Hope you all enjoyed the season. It was a hard long rough shoot but man it was worth it.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]Yellowstone’s Jamie star hints at tragic series ending [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Teeter star pays touching tribute to cast after awards [INSIGHT]  In the caption, Garrett continued to say goodbye to his role as Thomas and thank the thousands of viewers, the actor also lifted the lid on season two and revealed a major update. He wrote: “Journey of a lifetime - @1883official Season 2 will jump close to 50 years in the future, (1932) and I'm sure it'll be an amazing adventure as well. “I look forward to watching it, Grateful for the time I got to spend with our amazing cast and crew. “Lifelong friends were made on this wagon train journey. Learned a lot from Thomas, and I'm better for it. “ The actor added: “One of my dreams as an actor was to do a western #blackcowboys,Thank you Taylor Sheridan, for this EPIC experience.” Although a release date for season two has yet to be announced, Paramount Plus announced it was preparing a new prequel titled 1932. Which would continue to follow the Dutton’s “during the era of Western expansion, Prohibition and the Great Depression.” President and CEO of ViacomCBS Media Networks and MTV Entertainment Studios Chris McCarthy stated: “With the brilliant mind and gifted storytelling of Taylor Sheridan, we have created an entirely new world to explore with 1883 while expanding Yellowstone, and with 1932 we will open up a new chapter in this rapidly growing universe.” Y 1883 is available in the USA on Paramount Plus. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 