Tyrone Mings has defended his England team-mate Harry Maguire by inadvertently laying into Manchester United’s recent form. Maguire has been heavily criticised for his performances this season, but Mings has suggested that the defender’s problems stem from the fact United are not “fully functioning” as a team.    Maguire’s season has been interrupted by two minor injuries which have robbed him of any rhythm and led to a great deal of inconsistency on the pitch. The 29-year-old centre-back has made 30 appearances for United in all competitions this season, but has been far off his best form. With Maguire captain of the team, Ralf Rangnick has continued to pick him, while England boss Gareth Southgate has also stuck by him. Both Mings and Maguire are poised to play in the Three Lions’ friendly against Ivory Coast at Wembley on Tuesday night and the Aston Villa defender has backed his team-mate up, while laying the blame at United’s door. “I think he comes under a lot of scrutiny, a lot of it misplaced at times because people are going on like the team is actually fully functioning and Harry is the weak link which I don’t think is fair whatsoever,” Mings said. “I think as a centre-back your mistakes are always highlighted – that’s just the territory of the position you play in so that is what we accept.  JUST IN: Man Utd have plan for Arnold ‘to meet’ Ten Hag and Pochettino “He is the same and I think that’s credit to the character he is. Whatever is happening at club level, the manager and the players here (with England) make it really easy to leave it at the door and come into a whole new environment, with different faces, voices and stimulus. “I think that’s probably why you see players playing differently for the national team than they do at club level because it is a whole different world really. He’s doing well.”  DON'T MISS Ten Hag ‘has earmarked Antony as first signing’ if he gets Man Utd job Jude Bellingham sent clear transfer message by Southgate Man Utd appointing Pochettino 'more real than ever' after interview United will finish their fifth consecutive campaign without any silverware this season and many have pointed the finger at the dip in performance levels of Maguire. But Southgate has taken a similar line to Mings, insisting United’s struggles are due to a multitude of factors, not just their captain’s form. "He has got us to a World Cup semi-final and a European Championship final so there's no doubt he's more than capable of playing at the highest level,” the England manager said of Maguire. "He was very good for us in the autumn. The club are in a difficult moment – there could be any number of reasons for that – so that doesn't mean that players can be poor for a couple of years and then still find their way in, and sometimes it depends on competition for positions. "We've obviously had some forward players out who haven't been in good form but there's direct, experienced replacements for those players, so it is a complicated decision." 