Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 43, has undergone imprisonment in Iran since 2016. Now, she is finally on her way to the UK to be reunited with her husband Richard and daughter Gabriella. The British-Iranian charity worker has been detained in Iran since 2016 after being arrested at a Tehran airport in April 2016 and later convicted of plotting to overthrow the clerical establishment. Her husband has made headlines for years with his tireless campaigning to bring his beloved wife home. Lawyers for the couple have now confirmed she has left Iran today, having been trapped in the country since 2016. Another detained British national, Anoosheh Asoori, will also depart from Tehran today. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's MP Tulip Siddiq said this morning on Twitter: "Nazanin is at the airport in Tehran and on her way home. "I came into politics to make a difference, and right now I’m feeling like I have. "More details to follow." Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, a dual British-Iranian national, was taking her daughter to visit family when she was arrested at Tehran Airport and sentenced to five years in jail, spending four in Evin Prison and one under house arrest. According to her family, she was told by local authorities that she was being detained because of the UK's failure to pay an outstanding £400 million debt to Iran.  DON'T MISS90-year-old Grandad hit with £2,000 energy bill left to freeze at home [INSIGHT]‘Upsetting’ Farmer SHOOTS dog after it attacks sheep [REPORT]'Cataclysmic' history repeats itself as Russia set to default on debt [INSIGHT] Her MP Ms Siddiq confirmed her passport was returned over the weekend after six years. Boris Johnson said talks to ensure her release were going "to the wire". He declined to comment further, saying: "I really don't think I should say much more, I'm sorry, although things are moving forward." Foreign Secretary Liz Truss this morning told Sky News that Britain has a "team in Tehran" and the government are working “very hard” to secure release of "unfairly detained" nationals.  Ms Truss appeared to confirm those reports this morning, saying on Sky that it was a “priority to pay the debt that we owe to Iran” and that she has been in regular contact with her Iranian counterpart. Reports emerged yesterday that Britain has agreed to pay the debt of about £400 million owed for non-delivery of Chieftain tanks in the 1970s. However, this has not been officially confirmed by the Foreign Office or by Iranian officials.