Matt Tebbutt is well known for his BBC cooking show, Saturday Kitchen where he invites a number of guest chefs onto the programme to cook for his celebrity guests. Over the years, Matt has welcomed a host of famous faces ranging from BBC Breakfast’s Naga Munchetty to pop star, Ronan Keating.  The TV chef is also on hand to give cooking advice and tips to his viewers. However, during an appearance on Morning Live, Matt spoke with Sara Davies and Gethin Jones about what foods should not be stored in the fridge.   He went on to admit he often gets annoyed by his wife because she stores tomatoes in the fridge.   “Is there anything which you think we are putting in our fridge at the moment just because we have always done that, that we shouldn’t be?” Sara quizzed.   READ MORE: Emmerdale fury for Meena Jutla as parents arrive in court?   Matt replied: “Yeah, annoyingly my wife always puts tomatoes in the fridge, which is a no, no because obviously, they’re not going to taste of anything. “They need to be out on the side where they can sort of, warm up a little bit and ripen. “Eggs is another one. Don’t be putting eggs in the fridge because they absorb all the flavours in there. “So, if you’ve got strong flavours like garlic or whatever else in there it’s going to take on those flavours.” “They’re also not going to cook well when you take them out and throw them into boiling water or what have you,” the chef added. “A lot of people keep bread in the fridge for some reason and that is not a great place. “So, really I think it’s just through habit, you can free up some space in your fridge and it allows the air to circulate and food stays fresher for a little bit longer.” Matt also discussed what the latest food trends are at the moment, as he admitted they change all year. DON'T MISS...The Royle Family: Where are the cast now? [CAST]Emmerdale rocked by triple exit as villagers hit with tragic news? [SPOILERS]Vera's Mark Edwards star on filming struggles for new episodes [INSIGHT] “I have also noticed there are things young kids aren’t eating now,” he explained. “On that list, 65 percent of kids haven’t tried jellied eels.” Gethin proceeded to reel off some of the other foods on the list, they included pork pies, black pudding and spotted dick.   “People never try these foods,” the host told the chef before Matt said: “If you look at that list, it’s being put out by a company called Sushi Daily, so that leads you to think where they were going with this.”     Matt used to run a restaurant with his wife, Lisa, before turning to a career in television. The chef explained in a recent interview with Express.co.uk that the pressure of working in a restaurant and working on TV are very different. He said: “It’s just through familiarity that you get used to doing something like that and support of a really good team behind you. “If I didn't have a great crew that I was friends with, it'd be very different because you would feel kind of isolated out there on that stage on your own." Morning Live airs weekdays at 9.15am on BBC One.