GTA 6 is one of the most highly anticipated games on the horizon, and Grand Theft Auto fans could have got a better idea of when Rockstar Games will be revealing more. After years of waiting Rockstar at long last confirmed that work on the next GTA was "well underway" in a surprise announcement that dropped in February, and it's rumoured that more news could come ahead of a big Take Two investors call in May. And fans may have had the window that more GTA 6 news will drop narrow. Earlier this week Rockstar Games revealed more news about the next-gen editions of GTA 5, which is coming out on March 15. The PS5 and Xbox Series X and S versions will add visuals upgrades such as a new graphics mode, ray tracing and a more detailed version of Los Santos than ever before. For the first time ever Grand Theft Auto Online will also be available as a standalone purchase too. The PS5 and Xbox Series X and S versions of GTA 5 are the big release Rockstar Games has planned for 2022. So it could be after this drops we'll find out more about GTA 6, potential between the launch of GTA 5 next-gen and the Take Two call in May. READ MORE: GTA 6 release date: When will the next Grand Theft Auto launch?  Elsewhere, PS5 gamers may have a big date to put down in their diaries with a major PlayStation event rumoured to be taking place in March. Sony are believed to be putting the finishing touches on a high-profile State of Play or PlayStation Showcase event that will be taking place this month. And, according to the rumour mill, this event could see news drop that a huge franchise is about to make a comeback. The news comes courtesy of the @VGnewsinsider Twitter account, who said a massive PlayStation franchise will be returning soon with work on the game game drawing to a close. The leaker, who recently revealed Pokemon Scarlet and Violet before it was announced, said: "PlayStation rumoured to announce the return of an 'extremely popular' franchise in Q4 2022 with the games development rumoured to be around 70% complete". It's unclear what franchise the leaker is talking about, with plenty of whispers swirling around what the mysterious game could be. DON'T MISS: GAME PS5 restock date revealed: Here's when PS5 available to buy next  Plenty of PlayStation fans will surely be hoping the unannounced title is the heavily rumoured Metal Gear Solid Remake allegedly being spearheaded by Bluepoint Games. Bluepoint are also rumoured to be working on new Castlevania and Syphon Filter games. Alternatively other series that could be making a comeback, according to the rumour mill, are Sly Cooper and inFamous. And finally Nintendo fans could have found out more about the successor to the hugely popular Switch console.  It's been claimed that the Nintendo Switch 2 could be launching in a few years time, with a 2024 release date mooted. This news came courtesy of @ViewerAnon, and has been revealed as the Nintendo Switch celebrates its fifth birthday. The leaker said: "I’m sure we’re looking at 2024 at the earliest but a Switch successor on Ampere with DLSS support is incredibly exciting." These comments come after some Nvidia leaks were highlighted by Twitter user @NWPlayer123. At the start of the month the Twitter user posted: "NVIDIA leaks have 'nvn2', which seems to be the graphics API for the Switch Pro, based on Ampere with Ray Tracing support and DLSS 2.2". 