Chelsea have apparently offered Romelu Lukaku to Paris Saint-Germain for £42million – a fraction of the price they paid to secure his services last summer. The Blues are in turmoil after their oligarch owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Chelsea have been one of the most successful clubs in England over the last two decades due to the colossal sums of cash Abramovich has been willing to invest. The west Londoners have been able to spend mega-money on transfer fees and player wages and have brought some of the best players in the world to Stamford Bridge. Last summer, Chelsea stumped up a club-record £97.5m fee to sign Lukaku from Inter Milan. The Belgium international had already spent three years at the club during the early stages of his professional career after moving from Anderlecht as an 18-year-old in 2011. He never quite made the grade during his first spell in the capital, however, and was eventually shipped off to Everton, before joining Manchester United in 2017. JUST IN: Berbatov suggests Ronaldo's potential Man Utd exit plan - EXCLUSIVE Lukaku’s time at Old Trafford was uninspiring and two years later he moved to Inter, where he once again found his top form as he banged in goal after goal. And his performances in Italy were enough for Chelsea to go all out to bring him back to the club. The 28-year-old scored four goals in his first four matches for the Blues this season but has suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes in recent months and isn’t even a guaranteed starter now. And, according to France's But! Football Club, Chelsea have already made a proposal to PSG and have told the French club how much they want for the player. They would also apparently be happy to have the money in the form of a loan.     It remains to be seen whether Chelsea are allowed to buy and sell any of their players, however. Just days after the club was put up for sale, Abramovich was told by the UK government that his assets had been frozen. The only reason Chelsea can continue to play matches is because they have been granted a special licence due to their status as a “significant cultural asset”. Chelsea’s sale was initially thrown into jeopardy following the measures against Abramovich.  However, the government has now allowed the Russian to push through with the sale - but they have given him just days to get a deal done. A whole host of players and staff will be wondering what the future at Stamford Bridge holds in store. And Lukaku could be more than happy to sever ties with the club as quickly as possible if PSG take Chelsea up on their offer. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 