As the UK Government responds to the Ukraine crisis with various types of aid, UK households have the opportunity to support through a number of the new schemes introduced. Some schemes include offering Ukrainian refugees accommodation in spare rooms of their houses. The Homes for Ukraine scheme offers UK households a £350 tax-free monthly payment to provide suitable accommodation for refugees in need. The scheme requires both parties to fill out a visa application form before a number of additional checks take place - including DBS, housing criteria assessments, and more. Once passed and approved, the UK household applicant will be able to house the refugee family or individual in an adequate spare room with access to kitchen and bathroom facilities, or a separate, unoccupied accommodation they own. Naturally, such schemes can come with challenges, one being the possibility of a language barrier.  READ MORE: Homes for Ukraine: What if I can no longer afford to host a family?  To set UK hosts off on the right foot, the Ukrainian Institute London will soon be offering tailored Ukrainian language classes to support the initiative. The classes are said to be taking place in person in London as well as online. To register your interest in a Ukrainian language course, the Institute advises you to email learnukrainian@ukrainianinstitute.org.uk with the subject line “Ukrainian for hosts”. The Institute said more details will be published on the website as soon as possible.  The Institute is also currently fundraising to offer free English language classes for Ukrainian refugees. Updates on this will also be published on the website [link] as soon as they have them. A number of other organisations and charities are pulling together to offer support services to help those settling in the UK, too. Education without Backpacks has compiled free educational resources for children in grades 1 to 11 in Ukrainian, English, Russian and Bulgarian.  ReConnect offers refugees and asylum seekers in London the opportunity to freely enrol in a ‘Preparation for Higher Education Programme’ for the summer term of 2022. Successful completion will enable those taking part the opportunity to continue with a teacher training programme (PGCE). Advice-Ukraine is providing free UK immigration advice for Ukrainian refugees, and Rewise Project is offering free counselling and psychotherapy in English and Polish to Ukrainian refugees. Remote Ukraine is a charity helping to pair Ukrainians with suitable remote working opportunities, and UnitedforUkraine is offering advice and access to humanitarian assistance for people affected by the war, in English and Ukrainian. To view the more comprehensive list of support services compiled by the Ukrainian Institute London, click here. 