During almost what was a fatal game, Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest. His heart stopped beating for a staggering 78 minutes. After being treated on the pitch, he was rushed to the intensive care unit of the heart attack centre at the London Chest Hospital. “Out of nowhere, I just fell down,” recalls the former Bolton player about the game played at White Hart Lane in north London. When asked about the hours building up to the match, he said: “I was healthy, there was no problem at all.” Muamba, who is now 33, suffered from what is called a sudden cardiac arrest. Not “the same” as a heart attack, cardiac arrest details the sudden loss of heart function, breathing and consciousness, the Mayo Clinic states. READ MORE: Tom Hanks health: 'I was a total idiot' - Film star on diagnosis of common condition The medical emergency is usually triggered by a problem with your heart’s electrical system. This disrupts your heart’s pumping action and stops the blood flow to your body. For comparison, when you experience a heart attack, the blood flow to a part of your heart gets blocked. Cardiac arrest needs to be treated “immediately”, otherwise it can lead to death.  The signs signalling the emergency include: The Mayo Clinic adds these symptoms are usually “immediate and drastic”. There are also warning signs that can occur before you suffer cardiac arrest such as: What’s worse, cardiac arrest can also happen without ringing any alarming bells. That sounds like what happened in Muamba’s case as he felt “healthy” before the game. During the 78 minutes when his heart wasn’t beating, the medical professionals thought about declaring him dead twice. Fortunately, 15 defibrillator shocks later, he woke up in a hospital. He realised how serious what happened was only after there were “so many people” coming in and out his room. But at that point, he didn't realise just "how deep in trouble" he was. Three weeks later, he was fitted with a pacemaker, a small device that's placed into the chest to help control your heartbeat. Muamba said: “If I wanted to go out and play, the only way was having a pacemaker put in. “It was the best decision I have ever made.” However, he still had to stop playing after getting a second opinion from a Belgian expert who warned him: “If you go back, you’ll be running into your own grave.” Muamba added: “It’s better to be safe than sorry.”