Oil prices slumped at the start of the pandemic and shot up as demand rapidly increased, meaning energy bills are extortionate right now. Gas prices have also skyrocketed, hitting a seven-year high last week. If you’re struggling to afford petrol, there are a few simple ways to make sure you’re getting your money’s worth. Express.co.uk reveals 9 ways to save money on fuel by changing the way you drive. Before you leave the house, it’s worth considering whether you could walk or cycle to your destination instead of driving. Or, could you change your plans with your friends and family? What about going for a walk and a coffee instead of an expensive lunch? You aren’t being a killjoy; your loved ones will probably be feeling the impact of the rising costs of living too. If you’ve got a fitness watch or app on your phone, you could get competitive and try to achieve 10,000 steps a day every year. You’ll not only be saving on fuel and the cost of whatever activity you had planned, but you’ll also be saving on parking. Some pumps will be cheaper than others and you can locate the cheapest stations with the PetrolPrices app. This app can help you save money and time at 98 percent of petrol stations across the UK. READ MORE- DVLA warns drivers to be wary of scam texts and emails You can’t park on someone else’s drive without asking them, let’s get that straight. However, you can use the Park On My Drive website to find local homeowners who are willing to let drivers use their drive for a cheaper fee than nearby car parks. It might not be a huge difference in cost, but it’s worth it if you’re using a car park on a regular basis. You can use the same site to rent out your own driveway or garage space, and this could make you a solid £6 a day, at least. Electric vehicle owners can rent out their chargers using apps such as Co Charger or JustPark.According to Co Charger, you could make around £470 a year if you have four drivers using your charger (and driving 7,800 miles a year each). According to RAC, regular maintenance and servicing improves the efficiency of your car and can improve fuel consumption. Make sure your types are inflated to the correct pressure as indicated in your owner’s manual, as under-inflated and over-inflated tyres both waste fuel. Tyre pressures will vary depending on the load you are carrying. For example, if you have four passengers and luggage, then you will need your tyres inflated to the maximum recommended pressures. You should be taking your car to be serviced by a mechanic every year or every 12,000 miles anyway. This is something to consider if you’re overdue a trip to a mechanic. DON'T MISS...What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INFORMER]Drivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [INSIGHT]Audi launches virtual reality headsets to use in the car [EXPLAINER] Every time you put your foot on the accelerator pedal, you’re using more gas than you need to. Keep your right foot nice and light and make sure the acceleration you do is gentle. Acceleration is necessary, but you shouldn’t pull away at rapid speeds or drive over the speed limit. RAC recommends driving in the highest possible gear for your vehicle while keeping within the speed limit. The site added: “The best advice in urban areas is to change up through the gears as quickly as you can with the lowest revs possible, probably at around 2,000rpm. Remember, the faster an engine spins, the more fuel it uses.”  Driving smoothly and anticipating what’s coming will save you fuel too. Are there traffic lights on red ahead? If so, can you ease off on the accelerator and slow down naturally rather than coming to a complete stop? Is there a hill coming up? Try to accelerate a little bit before you reach and then ease off as you’re driving up - the momentum will carry you over and minimise additional fuel consumption. If you can keep the car moving at the right speed and avoid constantly slowing down and speeding up again, you won’t waste fuel. Make sure you’re gently using the steering, accelerator and brakes where possible. It’s also important to remain in gear when slowing down. The experts at RAC explained: “The fuel cut-off switch in a fuel injection engine is then activated, meaning virtually no fuel is used while braking.” The heavier your vehicle, the more fuel it will use. You can’t change the structure of your car overnight, but an easy way to lighten your load is to empty your boot. Don’t carry unnecessary items in your boot! That’s right, you’ll need to remove your golf clubs after every trip to the course if you want to save a bit of fuel! Unfortunately, both heating and air conditioning use engine power and increase fuel consumption. Wrap up warm if it’s too cold outside and don’t wear too many layers if it is summer. If you’re planning on driving multiple times in a day, it’s better to make one round trip than several short trips. This is because a warm engine will operate at its most efficient, whereas a few cold starts will increase fuel consumption and waste fuel.