A fire broke out at around 4pm on Monday in Whitechapel High Street, near the Aldgate East underground station. Social media footage showed glass panes falling from hundreds of meters high to the ground, causing danger to people on the street. London Fire Brigade has confirmed they are attending the blaze on Whitechapel High Street. In a full statement they said: “Twenty fire engines and around 125 firefighters have been called to a fire at a block of flats and offices on Whitechapel High Street. “Crews are tackling a fire on the 17th floor of a 21-storey building. “The Brigade's 64m ladder has been mobilised to the incident. “The Brigade's 999 Control Officers have taken more than 50 calls to the blaze. “The Brigade was called at 1553. "Fire crews from Whitechapel, Shoreditch, Dowgate, Bethnal Green, Dockhead, Old Kent Road, Islington and surrounding fire stations are at the scene. “The cause of the fire is not known at this stage.” A London Ambulance Service spokesman said:  "We were called at 4:07pm today to reports of a fire at a high-rise building on Whitechapel High Street. "We sent an ambulance crew, an incident response officer, a team leader in a fast response car and members of our hazardous area response team. "We are working closely with our emergency service colleagues, more updates to follow. "If you are in the local area, please try and stay indoors and keep windows and doors closed." At around 17:35, it appeared the flames had been extinguished, and high-vis jackets were seen on the floor where the fire had raged. A witness at the scene posted a clip on Twitter of the huge blaze creeping up the glass building, with smoke billowing into the sky. He said that glass panels were falling "100s of metres" from the tower. At least 50 calls have been made the the fire brigade regarding the huge blaze. Eyewitnesses claimed they could still see some people on balconies while the evacuation was in process. One onlooker described how she has been waiting for a bus to arrive just down the street, when she looked up and the expected arrival time had jumped from two minutes to 19. She had been stood watching the blaze for a number of minutes, and said the wind around the top floors of the building had looked like they strengthened the fire. She added that the wind had pushed the flames downwards on the building, rather than what she had expected to see with flames creeping upwards. Police on the scene confirmed that updates would follow once the situation was more under control. Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has said he is “in close contact with the Fire Commissioner” Andy Roe.