Charles Leclerc praised Max Verstappen's racecraft after an epic battle for victory in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. The Ferrari star said “every race should be like this” after the pair battled for several laps around the tight Jeddah Corniche Circuit. The championship leader said Verstappen “did a great job” and added “it was a fun race” between the two leading drivers of the season so far. After the race, Leclerc said: “It wasn’t enough today but oh my god, I really enjoyed the race. “Again, it was hard racing but fair. Every race should be like this. It was fun. I am of course disappointed – I wanted to win today. It was very, very tricky. I tried to have the DRS in the last corner. It worked twice, but it didn’t the last time. “We were quick in the corners but quite slow in the straights because we put more downforce, so it was extremely difficult to cover Max in the straights. But it’s like this – he did a great job and it was a fun race.” READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton behind Russell as Leclerc leads Drivers' Championship The Monegasque was then asked whether there was mutual respect between him and Vertapapen after their epic battle. He said: “Yes, it’s always been there. Especially when you finish a race like this. We are in a street track, we’ve been pushing… and we take risks at the end – so of course there is respect, but a bit disappointed.” Leclerc was ahead of Verstappen before a virtual safety car period towards the latter stages This helped Verstappen close up before the DRS zone on the back straight and he soon reeled in Leclerc. The Dutchman got past a few laps later but Leclerc stayed in the tow and mounted his own challenge. DON'T MISSVerstappen points out Leclerc's 'smart tricks' after tense Saudi win [INSIGHT]Red Bull engineer instructs Max Verstappen to 'calm down'  [COMMENT]Max Verstappen complains about Charles Leclerc's Ferrari car [ANALYSIS] However, Leclerc’s pass was scuppered after a double waved yellow in sector one prevented him from making a pass under DRS. After the race Verstappen said “patience” was key to take home the victory. He said: "Eventually I managed to get ahead, but even after that [Charles] was constantly in the DRS and then with the yellow flags in the last lap, just knowing how much you should lift, what is allowed or not, it was tough. But just really happy to kickstart the season. “Patience is always key. Especially when you want to fight for the championship, you always fight hard, but of course keep in mind that you need to score points, so that’s what we did today: we raced hard but we also wanted to score the points.”