Mr Yousaf, the Scottish Health Secretary, was photographed without a face covering as he stood among a group of older primary pupils. Pirie Park Primary School in Glasgow welcomed Mr Yousaf into a lesson with Primary 6 and 7 students on March 11. The school posted photos from his visit on social media which were retweeted by the minister, who said he'd had "great fun" with the children. The tweet showed four photographs, with one clearly showing the maskless Health Secretary surrounded by P6 and 7 children. In other images posted by the school, the teacher can be seen wearing a face-covering in the background while Mr Yousaf reads to the class. The Health Secretary came under fire for the snaps for defying the coronavirus guidance on reducing the risk in school. Scottish Government guidance at the time of his visit stated: “Face coverings are not required as a default within the classroom.” The rules added however that masks “should continue to be worn by adults wherever they cannot keep physical distance with other adults and/or children and young people.” The guidance in force at the time noted that face coverings “should be applied across all primary and secondary school settings” but with a possible exemption for P1-2 classes. When the photos first emerged, the Scottish Government insisted no rules had been broken. However, after being pushed by The Scottish Sun for an explanation to justify this, the government later issued a statement from Mr Yousaf apologising. Within his apology, Mr Yousaf explained the purpose of his visit and then went on to note that he hadn’t replaced his mask for the photographs. READ MORE: Councils woke slavery audit lists eight statues to be cancelled He also encouraged others to continue to wear face coverings in Scotland in order to protect themselves and others against the virus. He said: “It was a pleasure to visit Pirie Park primary school last week to meet and read with primary 6 and 7 pupils. “I sought to follow the Covid guidelines for schools at all times throughout my visit. “Looking back at one of the photographs it is clear that I inadvertently failed to replace my mask while standing behind the group for a picture, and for that I apologise. “Mask wearing remains an important step we can all take to protect ourselves and others from Covid.” Photos from Mr Yousaf’s visit were originally posted by the school on Twitter on March 11 but now appear to have been deleted. When the images were first circulated on social media, some pointed out that the Health Secretary had breached his government’s own guidelines. These include Jo Bisset, from parents’ campaign group UFTScotland, who has been a leader of the campaign to have the mask mandate lifted in Scotland's schools. She raged at the minister by saying: “Humza Yousaf is just the latest in a long line of politicians who think they’re above the rules. “He and his government banged the drum for masks in schools, yet he can’t be bothered wearing one himself. “Of course, this could all have been averted if the Scottish Government had just lifted the mask mandate in class from the start. Its approach to children’s wellbeing has been an absolute disgrace.” It comes amid news that Scotland’s secondary school pupils could be forced to wear face masks until the summer months. New guidance issued by the Scottish Government suggests the mask rules should remain in force in “indoor communal areas” or when “moving around” buildings. The Scottish Government document - which councils and schools must observe - also enforces social distancing in its Covid guidance. It states: “The general guidance for safety in the workplace should be adhered to. “This includes consideration of both: i) physical distancing and, ii) the use of face coverings by all staff and young people in secondary schools, and by all staff in primary schools, in indoor communal areas and when moving around the school building.” The Covid guidance for schools comes as the number of Scottish patients in hospital with coronavirus has reached the highest it has ever been since the start of the pandemic. Figures from the Scottish Government show 2,128 patients were in hospital with the virus on Sunday. Previously, the highest number of patients hospitalised with the virus was 2,085 on January 23 2021.