Joe Biden was repeatedly grilled by US reporters on whether sanctions on Russia would have the desired effect of forcing Vladimir Putin to back down over Ukraine. The US President snapped at journalists gathered at the NATO press conference, yelling at one: "You're playing a game with me!" Mr Biden told the reporter: "You're playing a game with me. "The answer is no." He added: "The single most important thing for us to stay unified." President Biden said Nato had never been more united than it is now in the face of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. JUST IN: Russian solider describes unit being 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troo...  Following the emergency summit of alliance leaders in Brussels, Mr Biden said Vladimir Putin had miscalculated on its response. "Putin was banking on Nato being split. It was clear to me that he didn't think we could sustain this cohesion," he said. "Nato has never, never been more united. Putin is getting exactly the opposite of (what) he intended to have as a consequence of going into Ukraine." Mr Biden, who has previously warned that Russia could use chemical weapons, said there would be a response if that happened.  "We would respond. We would respond if he uses it. The nature of the response would depend on the nature of the use," he said. The White House National Security Council sent an internal memo to agencies on Feb. 28 to create a strategy group to examine major geopolitical shifts that are occurring as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, officials said. A second group, known internally as the "Tiger Team," is looking at what the next three months look like. The strategy group is working "to monitor and mitigate risks, while considering how to advance and defend US interests," one US official said. DON'T MISS: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking [REVEALED] UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles [LATEST] Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ [REPORT]  The teams are making contingency plans for various scenarios including Russia's potential use of chemical or biological weapons; the targeting of US security convoys; disruptions to global food supply chains; and the continued response to the growing refugee crisis, the official said. The teams are also looking at the possible use of nuclear weapons by Russia, the official said. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said in Brussels on Thursday that there are ongoing concerns Russia may be trying to create a pretext for its own actions by accusing Ukraine and its allies of using chemical weapons. Echoing US officials, he said the accusations are a pretext for Russia to do the same.