Kate Middleton, 40, and Prince William, 39, are currently in Belize for the third day of their Caribbean tour. They will soon be jetting off to the Bahamas and Jamaica. But where do they normally stay when they visit the Caribbean on holiday?  One of their favourite places to visit as a family is the private Caribbean Island of Mustique. The family stayed in a luxury villa called Villa Antilles in August 2019 when they celebrated Prince George's sixth birthday on July 22. They were visiting along with Kate's parents Carole and Michael Middleton. The family first visited Mustique in 2008 and have been returning ever since.  READ MORE: Prince William and Kate treat Royal fans with plane sneak-peak Given the complete privacy of the exclusive island, it is no surprise the royals previously took the opportunity to blend in with other tourists. With a no-fly zone enforced over Mustique and the discretion of other guests, the Cambridges can truly relax and let their hair down. On their most recent trip in 2019, William and Kate reportedly stayed in a £27,000-a-week villa. That meant it was a total cost of £54,000 for their two weeks stay.  It boasts a 60 feet infinity pool, private staff, plus some stunning sea views out to the neighbouring islands of Bequia and Saint Vincent. The Villa Antilles website reveals fascinating photos of the Cambridges’ family holiday home in Mustique. The villa was built in 2016 by William's close friend and property developer Andrew Dunn. The villa is fully staffed with a chef, butler, housekeeper and an al-fresco dining area with breath-taking views.  The all-inclusive menu includes signature dishes prawn ceviche, grilled lobster and slow-cooked baby back ribs. The focus is on al fresco dining at Antilles. “With a choice of indoor and outdoor dining locations and a trained chef, menus can be tailored to suit every taste and preference," according to the brochure. William and Kate had a choice of five luxury bedrooms to rest their heads after a long day of exploring. Each room boasts stunning sea views.  The children's room was kitted out with two bunk beds, which George was reportedly a huge fan of. There was also an elephant laundry basket and whales decorated on the walls. The website for the villa states: "Every island visitor is registered with our security team before arriving on the island by land, air or sea, whether staff, local islander or guest, to ensure the security team knows who is on the island at any one time. “With such a conscientious and friendly team looking after you, rest assured, you will never want to leave. "Built by international design firm Finchatton, Antilles is an exceptional new contemporary Caribbean style villa set in the Endeavour Hills, with a captivating outlook to Bequia and St Vincent beyond." 