The Duchess was seen climbing aboard the small sailing boat, alongside several crew members. Prince William, who was on a neighbouring boat, appeared to be drenched before the race had even begun. The couple attended the Bahamas Platinum Jubilee Sailing Regatta at Montagu Bay, as part of their royal tour of the Caribbean. The latest royal engagement comes on the final leg of their tour, which saw the couple visit Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas. William and Kate had previously boarded a small boat to watch the end of a sailing race, involving young people from the Royal Nassau Sailing Club. The couple, who are both experienced sailors, then got themselves into the competitive spirit, facing off in separate Bahamian sloop boats. But unfortunately for the Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William’s boat, the Susan Chase, won the race. READ MORE: Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour  The race, which involved six boats in total, ended with a presentation on shore for the top three boats. The event was one of the country's first regattas since the start of the pandemic. Before the race, the couple browsed a display of freshly caught fish on the shore. The sailing event took place on the couple's first full day in the Bahamas, after spending time in Belize and Jamica.  Earlier in the day, the couple battled torrential rain on a visit to Sybil Strachan Primary School in the capital, Nassau. On arrival, Prince William was heard joking: "We've brought the weather, haven't we?" They were greeted by staff, pupils and the Minister of Education, Glenys Hanna-Martin. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had arrived in the country the previous day, receiving a special ceremonial welcome. DON'T MISS: Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REVEAL] Royal Family LIVE: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [LIVE] Kate watches her prince in uniform before leaving in Land Rover [PICTURES] The future King and Queen then met with Prime Minister Philip Davis. Their royal tour, which was scheduled to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, has attracted controversy, as the couple have been met with protests and calls for reparations over Britain's role in the slave trade. In a speech given during his time in Jamaica, Prince William condemned Britain's role in the slave trade, calling it "abhorrent".  The Duke of Cambridge said: "I strongly agree with my father, the Prince of Wales, who said in Barbados last year, that the appalling atrocity of slavery forever stains our history." He added: "I want to express my profound sorrow. "Slavery was abhorrent. And it should never have happened."   