In the reflective piece, Ms Kuenssberg spoke to five influential politicians, who she described as being "in one way or another, central to the political battles that went on". Ms Kuenssberg described her time in the position as "an extraordinary period" which saw "seismic events" unfold, such as "the Brexit referendum, the pandemic, Jeremy Corbyn's stormy leadership of the Labour Party" and "three different Prime Ministers."   She turned to former Brexit Party leader Nigel Farage; Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon; former Health Secretary Matt Hancock; former Tory frontbencher Andrea Leadsom and the chair of Jeremy Corbyn's campaign for Labour leadership, John McDonnell for their views on the period. Mr Farage told Ms Kuenssberg that the Eurosceptic movement broke the "rules" of politics, describing it as an "insurgency". Speaking about Brexit herself, the former political editor said: "The country made a big constitutional decision that stunned the political establishment, but the effects of which are yet to be fully understood. "Rule breakers have prospered, for now, and stability has gone out of fashion." She added: "Nearly three million more people voted in the referendum than voted in the previous General Election. "Farage's campaigning had always pitched him as something different, a politician proud of not fitting in." But speaking about Ms Sturgeon, the outgoing Political Editor wrote: "That trend of convention-busting worries others, though. "Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, is one of the tiny number of politicians who was at the top of her game at the start of this era, and who is still there." And drawing a harsh conclusion on Matt Hancock's political career, Ms Kuenssberg said: "In the end, of course, he suffered his own embarrassing exit." READ MORE: BBC says a quarter of staff will come from poorer backgrounds by 2027 The journalist also used the article to reflect on the role of technology in politics, saying that it has "allowed toxicity to spread more easily into our debates". In an emotional sign-off, Ms Kuenssberg wrote: "The one lesson to take from a dizzying time, perhaps, is that relying on conventional wisdom is a fool's game. "A heartfelt thank you for following the extraordinary events of the past seven years along with me. "And there'll be more to come, from a different chair, in a few months' time." DON'T MISS: Tim Martin wants to turn Buckingham Palace into Wetherspoons [REVEAL] Farage: Triggering article 50 sooner would have thwarted Remain plot [ANALYSIS] Alex Salmond ordered to remove massive Yes sign from garden by council [REPORT] Since announcing her departure from the role in December 2021, Ms Kuenssberg has said she will be replacing Andrew Marr on the BBC's Sunday morning programme. Andrew Marr resigned from the BBC last year after 21 years working for the broadcaster. He said he is "keen to get [his] own voice back". Announcing her departure from the political editor role, Ms Kuenssberg said: "I’ve been so lucky to do the best daily reporting job in the business, with the best colleagues anyone could wish for. "It’s been incredible to occupy the chair during a time of such huge change and to try to make sense of it for our viewers, listeners and readers online. "I’ll miss the daily drama, and our wonderful team in Westminster, immensely. "But after nearly seven years and what feels like decades’ worth of headlines, it’s time for the next move."