Kate was an active part of Carole's company Party Pieces in its early days, the Duchess' mother revealed. Mrs Middleton spoke about how her business, which creates a wide range of party decorations and supplies, "has literally grown alongside my family". In an interview with Sheerluxe, Mrs Middleton recalled how involved were her three children - Pippa, James and Kate, as the company was making a name for itself. She said: "Pippa wrote our ‘Party Times’ blog, James did the cakes when he first left school and Catherine developed our first birthday and baby category." With these tasks, the three Middleton children were clearly already following the inclinations they developed later in life. Pippa has gone on to become a columnist for a series of publications, including Waitrose Kitchen. James, who followed in his mother's footsteps and became an entrepreneur, founded a custom marshmallow company as well as Ella.Co, a natural dog food enterprise. And Kate has focused much of her royal work on the early childhood and finding ways to give babies the best possible start in life. After carrying out research and work behind the scenes, tying links with relevant charities and gathering a steering group, the Duchess launched the Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood last June. Her legacy-making work even brought her to collaborate with US First Lady Dr Jill Biden, as the pair wrote an op-ed together last year in which they pledged to "undertake new, international research projects and highlight the most successful, innovative examples of early years interventions that we can all share and learn from". READ MORE: 'Glory to Ukraine!' Prince Charles accepts 'Stop Putin' sign from ador In a previous interview, Mrs Middleton had revealed Kate had been partially involved in the inspiration to create Party Pieces in the first place. Recalling again what brought her to launch her company, Mrs Middleton said: "It was my children who inspired Party Pieces. "I was planning Catherine’s fifth birthday party and all I could find were some basic ‘clown’ plates. "I realised there was a gap in the market for partyware that wasn’t too expensive, looked good and added a bit of a special touch. "Being a mother meant I understood how children’s parties worked from the point of view of the parent organising them, and the children who wanted to enjoy themselves. "I wanted to make it as easy as possible for parents to create the perfect party for their children." Mrs Middleton is believed to be very present in the Cambridges' life as a beloved grandmother of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. According to royal commentator Jennie Bond, Mrs Middleton and her husband Michael Middleton likely babysit the children whenever needed. Referring to the Cambridges' nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo and how she steps in when Kate and William are undertaking duties outside of their home, she told OK! magazine: "They, of course, have this very faithful, loyal nanny that they've had for years and so I think they know the children are always in safe hands. "But the Middletons are very, very close as well to them, so I'm sure they step in and do the babysitting from time to time. "They've got a great set up, William and Catherine, it's a very, very stable domestic set up with the nanny who's been in place for such a long time. "And with the Middletons there, I think that's really important for the children. "And I think that that's what William and Catherine both feel." Mrs Middleton opened up in the past on some of the activities she enjoys doing with her grandchildren. In one interview, she spoke about doing some gardening with them and allowing the children to "get a bit muddy". In an Instagram post shared by her company in the run-up to Christmas, Mrs Middleton also revealed she was planning to hide around her house a few "gonks" - figurines with long beards and kitted hats - for George, Charlotte and Louis to find.