The memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh, to be held at Westminster Abbey, prompts reflection on the profound service he performed for this country: as a naval officer in the war, mentioned in dispatches for his role in the Battle of Cape Matapan, as a public figure who used his position to champion causes he held dear, and as consort to the Queen. The values of service and duty that marked his adult life are often viewed as old fashioned, as something from a bygone age. It is certainly true – thank God – that for several decades none of us beyond our armed forces have had to fight in war and perform the ultimate service to our country. But I take issue with those who argue that we live in a more selfish time and do not understand duty as did earlier generations. Just look at the response of the British people (and other countries, too) to the exodus of Ukrainians. As well as donating huge sums of money, an astonishing number have opened their homes to give the refugees somewhere to stay. What is that if not service and duty? We feel we have to do something and cannot stand idly by with our heads buried in our own lives. The values that marked Prince Philip’s life endure. That is why he remained so revered across the generations. We could all see, appreciate and admire what he stood for. Today’s memorial service should also put into perspective some of the more hysterical reactions to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s tour of the Caribbean. To read much of the commentary, you would imagine that the monarchy is now on the verge of collapse, its work and popularity in ruins. This is nonsense. There were hiccups, such as when the Jamaican prime minister Andrew Holness used their meeting to announce his intention to “fulfil our true ambitions and destiny as an independent, developed, prosperous country”. But you only have to read his words to see that they were no more than a political stunt. Jamaica gained independence in 1962. It is free to decide its own affairs, with or without the Queen as head of state. At the moment, it is one of just 15 of the 54 members of the Commonwealth who still have the British monarch as head of state – and it is entirely up to those 15 countries whether or not to keep to that. It is a non-issue, brought up for domestic political purposes by their host. The creation of the Commonwealth is evidence of how the monarchy has always adapted to a changing world, just as in 1969 the BBC documentary Royal Family ushered in a new era of media coverage and – albeit often staged – openness. Instead of focusing on the ludicrous idea that the monarchy is on its way out, it is more useful to look at how the royals are again reforming. Prince Charles has been clear about the need to slim down to a core group – a job made easier with Prince Harry’s departure. And now Prince William had spoken publicly about how the monarchy should and will change. Starting with the Commonwealth, he rightly observed that “this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon” – inferring that it need not even be the British monarch who leads the Commonwealth. And in what is clearly a well-sourced briefing, it has been reported that as King, William would end the policy of “never complain, never explain”. That may or may not be wise – one of the Queen’s greatest strengths is that she has never said what she thinks about anything remotely divisive, and one of the worries about Prince Charles as King is that we do know what he thinks about many such issues. But it shows how William is giving deep thought to what the modern monarchy should be. The Queen is wildly popular and respected, and there are fears that when she is succeeded this sentiment will all dissipate. I’m not convinced. Much of her popularity is because she so clearly represents the Crown itself – and it is the monarchy that we look to for solidity in a fast-changing world. That gives Charles and William a huge bank of goodwill and support as they reform to meet the demands of a changing world. In a few months we will be celebrating a milestone Platinum Jubilee. The happiness will be genuine and widespread and will surely provide a reservoir of goodwill that will see the monarchy survive and thrive into the future.