Over the past week, Kate Middleton and Prince William have been touring the Caribbean to celebrate Her Majesty the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge received warm welcomes in Belize, Jamacia and the Bahamas, as they explored the Caribbean culture and met with locals. With the world watching them attending so many events together, their body language and interactions with one another have been noticed, no matter how small. Earlier today, the royal couple visited a Fish Fry where Kate sampled the local delicacy conch before learning how to create a Bahamian conch salad. During the afternoon, Kate made a rare public display of affection towards her husband and body language expert Judi James analysed this moment. According to Rebecca English, a journalist touring with the royal couple, Kate and William were offered a ‘conch pistol’. As for what ‘conch pistol’ is, she explained: “The strip of flesh, which comes from the inside of the conch… is commonly said to be the conch’s male genitalia.” It is “said to have the safe effect as viagra”. Before sampling the local delicacy, it was reported that Kate said: “I’m a little bit more adventurous than William is.” William then joked: “I can handle it.” READ MORE: Kate 'sticks to rules' in Caribbean but Meghan 'moved hearts & minds' There are no photographs or videos of William trying the conch pistol, but there are many of Kate, to which she received applause and cheers from the crowds. After eating the conch pistol, Kate and William were caught sharing a moment; the Duchess lent into her husband and placed her hand on his wrist while laughing. A little while later, the couple tasted a local drink - Kate was first and she then handed the cup over to William. The photographs captured the pair looking into one another’s eyes and both holding the cup as their hands grazed one another’s. DON'T MISS...Prince William has 'most attractive' royal eyes - beating Prince Harry [DATA]Camilla's 'anti-ageing' diet - 'avoids back pain' with supplements [INSIDER]Harry and Meghan blasted for snubbing heartbreaking day for Queen [REACTION] Judi analysed these moments and said: “These body language rituals between William and Kate are so reflective of the dynamic they seem to have established on this tour. “Kate has been displaying her more extrovert side for the first time while William watches with an expression that has been a mixture of bashfulness and awe. “It’s Kate literally necking the conch here, throwing her head back and her mouth wide open to eat dramatically and confidently. “William clearly looks much more reluctant and even squeamish here as he watches his wife and the result is some very telling touch between the two.” She added: “So far we’ve only seen some gentle back-touching, primarily with Kate touching William’s back, but here there is some much more intimate hand-touching. “Laughing at her husband, Kate also places her hand on his in a gesture of playful encouragement. “There’s an air of one-up-woman-ship about this whole scene, as though the hand-touch is Kate’s way of daring William to try the food too. “But the ritual is also hugely flirtatious as well.” Judi continued: “When the couple both hold a glass they seem to use the fact they both have a hand on it to indulge in some finger-touch flirting, too. “Kate seems to keep her hand on the glass as she passes it to her husband as an excuse to exchange this ‘moment’ that includes some eye-gazing and an exchange of knowing smiles. “His fingers meet hers here and that little finger looks as though it is about to perform a very subtle stroke of Kate’s hand. “For a couple known for their very understated PDAs, this hand-touch is a new and very welcome addition to the repertoire. “When we add the rather powerful eye contact that accompanies it, it looks very much as though William is finally beginning to relax a little in terms of showing his affection openly and it looks very much as though it is Kate gently prompting and leading that change,” the expert revealed.