The Irish foreign minister has regularly spoken out against the UK Government’s attempts to renegotiate the Northern Ireland Protocol. Now during a protest in Ballymoney on Friday, an activist has said Mr Coveney and the Irish Government must stay out of the Northern Ireland’s politics. Jamie Bryson dubbed Irish minister Simon Coveney a “meddling aggressor” in remarks before his speech on Friday. He also said: “The Irish Government come to Northern Ireland and swan around as if they own the place.” In his written remarks, published by the News Letter shortly before the loyalist rally in Ballymoney, Mr Bryson said: “It’s perfectly legitimate that unionists/loyalist exercise a basic right of peaceful protest (and I do emphasise peace protest only) and to ensure that Irish Government officials will no longer be able to behave as if they have some authority in this part of the United Kingdom.” Mr Bryson also said: “Last summer the temperature was lowered because we- foolishly- trusted the command paper, issued to try and calm unionist and loyalist anger.” Referencing a paper produced by the Tory government last July, Mr Bryson added he would feel justified in triggering Article 16. The command paper saw Boris Johnson say “it is increasingly clear that we cannot solve the problems simply by a rigid and un-purposive application of the Protocol in its current form”. Mr Bryson then said: “It was a false promise, a clever device to lower the temperature over the marching the season.” The unionist activist also spoke out against the 1998 Belfast Agreement, and said: “[The Belfast Agreement] is rotten, corrupt and for 24 years has brought nothing but destruction to our place in the Union. “It is the father of the Protocol, and therefore it follows that in order to safeguard the Union, the entire bloodline of the wicked ‘process’ must be eradicated. “It isn’t the time to meekly keep operating our own destruction- either via implementing the Protocol, or the Belfast Agreement.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Ireland ordered to keep ‘covetous nose’ out of UK Mr Coveney has recently spoken out against proposed US-style visa waiver requirement for non-Irish EU citizens crossing from Ireland to Northern Ireland. On Wednesday, the Irish minister asked Brandon Lewis, Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, for "special treatment" to allow border crossings to continue uninterrupted. He said the Irish Government's position "has been ignored" one the issue, and stressed in a joint conference with Mr Lewis the "conversation will continue" between the two governments. Mr Coveney added that “since the peace process was agreed”, Ireland has operated with "uninterrupted travel opportunities" across the island, "and we think that's worth protecting". It comes after Mr Coveney was the target of a hoax bombing in north Belfast on Friday. Police believe the UVF is behind a security alert that led to Mr Coveney being evacuated from a peace event in Belfast. Mr Coveney was delivering a speech when he was ushered from the room following reports a van had been hijacked and driven to the venue on Friday. A controlled explosion was carried out at the scene, and it was later declared a hoax. Mr Lewis and Justice Minister Naomi Long led condemnation of the incident. Sources told the Belfast Telegraph it was designed to send a “strong message” to the Irish Government over the Brexit protocol. Mark McEwan, PSNI assistant chief constable, condemned the “disgraceful actions” of those who caused major disruptions at the event attended by dignitaries, guests and media. He said: “At this early stage of the investigation out assessment is that these crimes were carried out by loyalist paramilitary groups. “We are keeping an open mind, but one of the primary lines of investigation as the UVF.” The attack took place between 9am and 10am when a van was hijacked in Sydney Street West off the Shankill Road, Belfast, he said. Mr McEwan said: “The van driver was threatened by two gunmen and forced to drive his white Vauxhall van a short distance to another street and a device was then placed in the van.”