Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick has shut down suggestions that he's focused on securing the permanent job at Old Trafford. Rangnick spoke to the media ahead of Sunday's derby clash against Manchester City but had to set the record straight on his long-term plans at the club. United have begun searching for their next permanent manager, with the 63-year-old replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as interim boss until the summer. During Rangnick's unveiling in December, he suggested that he might recommend himself for the permanent job 'if everything goes well'. But on Friday, the German coach leapt to clarify claims that said he would consider extending his stay in the dugout beyond the end of this season - as if the final decision was down to him. Rangnick was first asked whether he thought he had a good chance of signing a permanent contract as United manager next term. JUST IN: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte blasts own team's medical department  He responded: "I have no idea, and I haven't had any thoughts about that because my focus is on Sunday and then the next game against Tottenham and Atletico. "To be honest, there is no time and no space for me to think about anything else than the upcoming games." Rangnick followed a pretty standard answer by interrupting another reporter, who sought a follow-on from what he thought his attitude was about the managerial situation back in December. "I exactly know what I said [during my unveiling]," Rangnick countered. READ MORE: Man Utd's Raphael Varane 'doubts' proven right in damning evaluation  "I said, with a twinkle in my eye, I said maybe at one stage at the end of the season, I might recommend myself to the club in my role as an advisor. This is exactly what I said. "I don't know [if my attitude is the same]; it's not the end of the season. We have another 11 games to play and hopefully, not only one but a few more Champions League games. "So right now, we have enough to do to prepare ourselves for the game on Sunday. And this is where my full focus is." And Rangnick also revealed that he has yet to speak with the club about the managerial position next season and potential candidates to enter the hot seat amid intensifying reports on interest in Erik ten Hag. He added: "We haven't spoken about that, to be honest. We had one or two meetings with the head of scouting and with two other people, but I think you will understand that I will not speak about that in detail. "But about the possible new manager or about the managerial position next season, we haven't spoken as yet." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.