During Tuesday's Jeremy Vine, the Channel 5 host spoke with his guest panel about Prince Andrew's out of court settlement with Virginia Giuffre, and whether the royal should reveal where the money came from to pay for it. At the time, it was reported that the Queen footed part of the bill of the settlement. During the segment, guests Lowri Turner and Phil Jones made their views about the Duke of York known. Lowri told the host, she fears the Queen will, "run out of money", while Phil raged Prince Andrew should spend the rest of his life doing community service. "He's got this potential bill of £12 million," Lowri began. "Apparently apart from the bank of mum. "From the bank of mum which has got quite deep pockets, he's got this ski chalet which he's just sold. £18million worth of ski chale READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump She continued: "So, he's got the money to pay for it." Jeremy went on to point out: "I think he had quite a bit of debt on it. I think it's worth £11million and he's had to pay £12million." "I feel so sorry for the Queen," the nutritionist continued. "She's going to be sitting outside my local Tesco with a little cardboard sign and a dog on a string fairly soon, isn't she?," Lowri joked.  Jeremy continued to ask Lowri whether she would want Prince Andrew to reveal how much the out of court settlement bill was. The guest simply said no before adding: "I think he's sort of yesterday's man now." Phil proceeded to weigh into the discussion and insisted people should stop calling Andrew a "prince". "Why do we even call him 'Prince'?" he raged. "Not Duke or anything, he's Mr Andrew Windsor. That is all he deserves." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [SPOILERS] "We do it out of respect for the Queen," Lowri replied before Phil added: "Does he really deserve it? "This guy should spend the rest of his life doing community service and disappear from public life and spend his life doing good for other people." "There's no way back, is there?" Jeremy asked as Lowri replied: "I don't know what he is doing with his days." The host explained Prince Andrew is reportedly so "broken" the Queen has let him keep the title Vice Admiral. "And someone said if he wants to dress up in the uniform once or twice a month in private..." Jeremy explained. "It is terrible but even that is too much because he's not a Vice Admiral, he's not really a 'Duke' and he shouldn't be a 'Prince'." Lowri went on to defend Prince Andrew as she pointed out: "He's still the Queen's son though, isn't he?" Jeremy Vine on 5 airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.