TUI is one of the leading airlines among British tourists. Many Britons fly with the company on one of its package holidays every year. The good news is that all passengers on a TUI package holiday are entitled to 15kg of hold luggage. TUI states: “When flying with TUI Airways, you’re entitled to a 15kg luggage allowance on our package holidays. “Certain types of holidays come with a bigger allowance of 20kg, this is clearly shown when you’re booking if it applies.” TUI package holiday customers are also entitled to one piece of hand luggage which can weigh up to 10kg. READ MORE: Ryanair hand luggage policy - cabin bags The maximum dimensions allowed are 55x40x22 cm on a TUI package holiday. Laptops, handbags and other items must fit inside the hand luggage. Passengers can bring a Trunki case as hand luggage as long as it doesn’t weigh more than 10kg. If TUI package holiday customers are flying with other airlines, they will find luggage details on their confirmation email. Customers who have only booked flights with TUI are entitled to one piece of hand luggage which can weigh up to 10kg. TUI states: “If you’re just booking a TUI Airways flight, you can carry one piece of luggage of up to 10kg for free. “The maximum dimensions of your hand luggage can be 55x40x20cm and you must be able to lift your hand luggage into the overhead storage compartments yourself. “Things like laptops, handbags and items bought at the airport must fit within your one piece of hand luggage.” Flight only passengers can also book checked-in luggage but will need to pay an extra charge to do so. TUI states: “You can book checked-in luggage for an extra charge whilst you’re booking or through our Flight Extras website if you’ve already booked. “Booking your luggage allowance online is cheaper than paying at the airport. “There’s no luggage allowance for infants, regardless of seating type, and they can’t be included in any pooling of luggage allowance.” TUI Airways customers are allowed to pool their luggage allowance but each bag can only weigh up to 25kg. Passengers who want to take sports equipment on TUI Airways will need to call the airline at least two months before travel. If luggage is heavier than the allowance at the airport, passengers will be required to pay an excess charge. Short haul flights will incur a charge of £13 per kilogram while mid haul flight passengers will need to pay £15 per kilogram. Long haul passengers will pay the most at £18 per kilogram and charges may vary depending on the season.