Piers Morgan, 56, is famously forthcoming on his opinion on Meghan Markle, 40, and husband Prince Harry, 37, since they announced they were stepping down from the Royal Family. The former Good Morning Britain presenter has now once again slated the couple after Harry confirmed he will not be returning to the UK for his late grandfather's thanksgiving service. Prince Philip died of old age in April last year, two months before his 100th birthday, making him the longest-serving royal consort in world history. After Harry stepped down from the royals, he moved to California with his wife and two children, however, to the surprise of many returned to the UK for his grandfather's funeral. Nonetheless, a spokesperson for the Duke of Sussex confirmed today that he would not be attending his Phillip's service of Thanksgiving, which is due to be held at Westminster Abbey on March 29. Piers took to Twitter to fume at the breaking news as soon as it hit the headlines. READ MORE: Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning Chris Ship, Royal Editor at ITV, posted the news on Twitter, with Piers replying in view of his 7.9 million followers. He included a tick emoji next to "Super Bowl" and "Texas Rodeo", with a big red cross emoji next to "Grandfather's service", highlighting the public events Harry had attended and comparing them to the one he was avoiding. Piers' fury was noticed from his tweet, with many social media users taking to the comments to unleash their view on the situation. TootingSouth said: "Very hurtful for HM The Queen, but I'm not surprised." Randomjottings1 added: "But if he is attending a Royal event he will be under their security so what is the problem?" BarbMazb58 commented: "He will regret it someday. He needs to go visit his grandmother, period. "He gave up his title, gave up his job, humiliated his family in front of the entire world. "I have no sympathy for him. He gets what other civilians get." However, others took to the comments to disagree with Piers and state reasons why Harry may not want to return. DON'T MISS... Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [DEATH] Gabby Logan opens up on 'stressful' time with husband Kenny [INSIGHT] Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] Jeff_oakley1990 said: "Didn't know the Super Bowl and Texas Rodeo were held in the UK this year, where he has security concerns!" HunterPhillip added: "It's probably not the reason, but if he did return for it the media's attention would be on him and not the memorial." The congregation will include family, friends, dignitaries and representatives of many charities and organisations linked to the Duke of Edinburgh. However, shunning such an event in honour of his beloved grandfather is sure to cause more strain on his relationship with Britain and his family. Piers launched another savage attack on Prince Harry today in the promo video for his new show with TalkTV. Asked to sum up Prince Harry, Piers begins: "Well, I like the old Prince Harry. You know, the one who used to get drunk and play naked billiards in Vegas. "He was a lot more fun than this po-faced, sanctimonious, virtue-signalling hypocrite who just thinks it's perfectly okay to quit the country, quit the Royal Family and then make all these demands from his California mansion about all the stuff he still thinks he's entitled to." He continued: "He and his wife are making hundreds of millions of dollars out of fleecing titles bestowed on them by an institution they keep trashing in public and I think it's a sickening thing that they're doing. "I think it's horrible for the Queen and I wish they would stop."