The Invictus Games Foundation said in a statement on its website that former trialist Serhii Karaivan died on Sunday. The Ukrainian team manager paid tribute to Mr Karaivan's "sense of humour, professionalism, patriotism and sports endeavours". It comes as Vladimir Putin's devastating invasion of Ukraine is now in its fourth week. The foundation said: "It is with regret that the Invictus Games Foundation can report that a member of the Ukrainian Invictus Games community has been confirmed as a fatality of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. "Serhii Karaivan, a former trialist for the Invictus Games and Warrior Games for Team Ukraine, lost his life in fighting on the 13th March, 2022, and our thoughts go out to his family, friends, and the wider community." The foundation added that it was aware of many Ukrainian Invictus Games competitors - injured in the conflict with Russia which began in 2014 - and staff and team management signing up to serve again.  Oksana Horbach, manager for the Ukrainian Invictus Games team, said: "It was tough to learn about Serhii's death as the fighting continues. "When we win, we will celebrate his life, talk about him, and his sense of humour, professionalism, patriotism and sports endeavours. "And we will hug and cry and laugh because the memories of him bring joy and happiness. Please do not think of him as a martyr, he would not like it. "Think of him as a celebrated Invictus Games community member, hero and defender of Ukrainian people." READ MORE: TUNE IN! Our second Royal Facebook Live - The Royal Round-Up!  The Duke of Sussex founded the games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. The upcoming Invictus Games, which was delayed due to the Covid pandemic, will be staged in The Hague next month. The foundation said in the statement: "When the time is right, the Invictus Games Foundation will once again support Team Ukraine with the rehabilitation and recovery through sport that it will need." DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Desperate Putin backed into corner [LIVE BLOG]Prince Harry will avoid criticising Queen in memoir, says royal expert [INSIGHT]Prince Harry memoir: Duke 'fed up' William 'always has it better' [ANALYSIS] Harry, who is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties, will travel to the Netherlands for April's event. The Duke was inspired to found the Invictus Games after attending the Warrior Games in Colorado in 2013 and seeing how the challenge of competitive sports aided the recovery of injured members of the American forces. He went on to stage the inaugural games in London's Olympic Park in 2014, followed by Orlando in 2016, Toronto in 2017 and Sydney in 2018. The Invictus Games will take place in The Hague from April 16-22. The Duke served in the Army for 10 years, rising to the rank of Captain. His decade-long military career included two tours of Afghanistan. 