Cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose real name is Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame after she began to share cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning guru has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram and has authored several books. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. One of these tips includes an “easy” way to clean blinds. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean her venetian blinds. Toni Clark wrote: “Best way to clean our Venetian blinds please.” Venetian blinds can easily build up dirt, dust and grime in a matter of days. Many don’t realise just how dirty these surfaces are until they are being cleaned, and the results can be shocking. READ MORE: Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio While cleaning blinds may feel like a daunting task, don’t fear as many group members have shared “easy” methods to clean them. Lauren Pooley said: “I just use tumble dryer sheets, so easy and quick.” Chloe Mara commented: “Tumble dryer sheets all the way, picks up the dust so easily, but also leaves them smelling amazing.” Helen Welsh suggested: “Use tumble dryer sheets. It’s so quick and easy and keeps dust away for longer.” DON'T MISS: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fan shares £1 trick to remove bathroom radiator rust [COMMENT]Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  [EXPERT] Karen Thomas wrote: “Tumble dryer sheets are best for cleaning all types of blinds. I’ve tried loads of products and found that nothing works better.” Sarah-Jane Williams added: “Tumble dryer sheets, I wouldn’t use anything else now.” Tumble dryer sheets are a great way to clean blinds as they are anti-static so they pick up all the dust. You don’t need to wet them or do anything. A 50 pack of tumble dryer sheets can be bought from Wilko for just £1. This works out as 2p per sheet. Tesco Spring Fresh Tumble Dryer Sheets can be purchased for £1.75. Sainsbury's Tumble Dryer Sheets can be bought for £1.80. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using socks or a microfibre cloth. Jacqueline Mackie wrote: “Old sock over your hand, that way you can dust both sides at once.” Ann Thomas commented: “A sock on your hand to go over each slat.” Sandra Sanger said: “Microfibre cloth with hot soapy water.” Deborah Jephcott added: “Use a microfibre cloth, then follow up with a damp cloth.”