The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall shared a heartfelt Mother's Day message to the Clarence House social media accounts on Sunday. The post also included a sombre message for those unable to celebrate Mother's Day in the same way many others can. Clarence House's message said: "On Mothering Sunday, we celebrate all the Mothers in our lives and are thinking of those who cannot be with their Mothers today." The post also included two images. The first showed Prince Charles, 73, and the Queen, 95, standing side-by-side near Windsor's Frogmore House in 2021. The second image, which is seemingly older, depicts the future Queen consort Camilla Parker-Bowles, 74, smiling with her late mother Rosalind Shand. Ms Shand, who had been married to ex-Army Major Bruce, passed away in 1994 after suffering from osteoporosis. JUST IN: Zara Phillips cheered on by husband Mike Tindall and 3 children during special event Fans of the Firm reacted to the post by offering their support to the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall. More than 90,000 Instagram users liked the post and many took to the comment section to share their thoughts on the snaps. @ma4extension said: "Beautiful picture of Prince Charles and [the] Queen." @jacqueline.mccarthy.73 added: "So lovely, I love Charles, he is a lovely, kind and sensitive human being and so kind to his mother." READ MORE: 'Unifying force' Prince William to modernise monarchy following 'bruising' Caribbean tour @bettyhettynetty went on to praise the monarch for her role as mother of the nation. She said: "Happy Mother's [Day] to Her Majesty. The wonderful mother of our nation." Despite concerns about the future of the Commonwealth following William and Kate's tour of the Caribbean, @lanesborough said: "Her Majesty is the mother of our nation and the Commonwealth family." Clarence House's post comes as more than 180,000 Instagram users liked @theroyalfamily's post showing the late Queen Mother smiling with the then Princess Elizabeth and her younger sister the late Princess Margaret. DON'T MISS: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [REACTION] Kate beams as she races William in boat on choppy Bahamian ocean [PICTURES] Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REVEAL]