Regina Hall's Covid jokes at the Oscars 2022 split opinion as viewers weighed in on social media. Among those sharing their views was Piers Morgan, who thought if a man had presented it then they would "be cancelled". The moment saw Regina joking that some stars needed to go and get "Covid tested" backstage. Among those that she called out were Simu Liu and Timothée Chalamet. She also called on Will Smith to come up as well, which he jokingly refused to do. She then patted down Ethan Hawke as he came on to present an award, in what she quipped was a "Covid pat down".  Piers weighed in on the moment as he posted his thoughts in view of his 7.9 million followers. He tweeted: "Interesting to see a female celebrity make lewd sexual jokes about male stars and physically grope them on stage. "Of course, if a man did that, he’d be immediately cancelled. "The double standard is laughable."  Many viewers also weighed in on the moment, taking to Twitter to share their thoughts. Brian Pedaci wrote: "Gender-swap that Regina Hall bit and it'd have been super-creepy and inappropriate. Actually, it was anyway. #Oscars." Rob J Spain added: "Sooo imagine if Jason Momoa and Josh Brolin gave Regina Hall a “covid pat down” as a part of an Oscars skit. "Imagine the outrage. Sexism goes both ways folks. That was not cool. Not cool at all. That whole sketch was cringey.#Oscars" (sic)" DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [PICTURES]   Keith Lyle wrote: "This bit Regina Hall is doing on the #Oscars is actually sexual harassment. "I know a woman is doing it, and there's irony, which is a 2nd layer of comedy. But it's probably not the best bit to do in this environment. I'm sure there will be a backlash about it." However, others were supportive of the star, saying she was smashing her hosting gig. Jarett Wieselman added: "Regina Hall has low-key been one of the funniest women in Hollywood for nearly 25 years.  "She's absolutely killing her #Oscars co-hosting gig." Saeed Jones penned: "Regina Hall’s 'Covid test' bit is easily the funniest thing an #Oscars host had done in a decade." Matt Neglia wrote: "Regina Hall making us all laugh so hard with this bit #Oscars." Regina is one of three hosts at the glamourous awards. She's joined on stage by Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes. The trio opened the show with a hilarious monologue, calling out some of the nominees. 