Formula 1 heavyweights Mercedes have endured a difficult start to the 2022 season and are winless after two races. But team principal Toto Wolff has sounded a defiant call to arms and called on the motorsport monolith to recover in pursuit of another title. The writing was on the wall for Lewis Hamilton & Co. following a rocky F1 pre-season, in which Red Bull and Ferrari both posted more promising results. That's played out in the early phases of the new campaign, with Charles Leclerc winning in Bahrain before Max Verstappen clinched his maiden victory in Sunday's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Hamilton—who can move clear of Michael Schumacher with a record-breaking eighth world championship—finished third in the season-opener before placing 10th in Jeddah. George Russell is yet to claim a podium finish for his new team, but team boss Wolff has urged Mercedes to unite during such a testing period. “I think it’s important now not to just point the finger at individual areas of the car,” he told Motorsport.com. “We operate together as a team, and I think we have deficits overall that are bigger than an engine deficit. READ MORE Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes engineer had X-rated message for Brit after Saudi Arabian GP  “Are we among the top teams in any of these areas? No, I don’t think so. But you have to remember that this engine has helped us win eight championships in a row. Now we just all have to grab each other by the scruff of the neck and, with all our strength, pull ourselves out of this mess.” The Silver Arrows have claimed every constructors' championship on offer since 2014 and had also won seven straight drivers' titles prior to Verstappen's maiden triumph last year. Their supreme status appears at risk of stalling, however, at a time when both Ferrari and Red Bull are excelling in their development. DON'T MISS Red Bull 'looked closely' at Lewis Hamilton to help Max Verstappen win Saudi Arabian GP Max Verstappen accused of being 'a nuisance' with repeat tactic for last three races  Red Bull's Christian Horner has no sympathy for 'struggling' Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton  Mercedes remain second in the constructors' championship following Red Bull's failure to score a point in Bahrain. However, their highest-positioned driver—fourth-placed George Russell—is already 23 points off leader Leclerc, with Hamilton another six points behind. The first rest week of the season gives Mercedes a chance to regather and tinker before resuming in the Australian Grand Prix on April 10. Hamilton has had only moderate success in Melbourne and won twice in 13 attempts, while Russell finished 16th in his only Australian appearance when the race was last staged in 2019.