Sources close to the Duke of Cambridge laid out a blueprint for his kingship after William and wife Kate ended their bruising tour of the Caribbean. The news comes after the Prince issued an unprecedented statement which suggested a significant number of countries could break ties with the Firm. William also claimed he might not lead the Commonwealth. Writing on Twitter, he said: "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. "In Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries understanding more about the issues that matter most to them." William added: "It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world. "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. JUST IN: Harry and William's feud 'will not heal' as Duke of Sussex warned against digs at Kate "He’s not being critical of the Queen, far from it. "He admires her absolutely and has learnt so much from her. "But he is looking ahead to how things will be in 40 years’ time. "He wants the monarchy to continue to be a unifying force, to bridge the gap. "He listens to people, he really does, and has got a very clear vision for the future. "He’s very alive to what is modern and relevant and is very thoughtful. "He wants to take his grandmother’s success and build on it, his way." DON'T MISS: Fresh wound' of Meghan claim sparks backlash [REACTION] Kate beams as she races William in boat on choppy Bahamian ocean [PICTURES] Belize eyes plan to REMOVE Queen just two days after royal tour [REVEAL] The announcement also comes just months after Barbados opted to sever ties with the Crown and become a republic. Despite detailing his reactionary blueprint, Prince William is still said to "respect" the approach taken by Prince Charles and the Queen but believes his plan will allow the monarchy to survive and thrive. A source added: "He believes Her Majesty’s approach was right for the time, but he needs to be more reactionary and agile." The Daily Mail reports William did not discuss his statement with the Queen or Charles and did not seek permission from their respective households. However, it is believed they were notified in advance of the statement via WhatsApp. One source speaking in favour of William's statement, told the Daily Mail: "The prince’s statement was powerful and progressive. "It is the words of a future king laying out their own ethos in the modern world."