Gordon Ramsay, 55, shares children Holly, Oscar, Jack, Megan and Tilly with wife Tana. His eldest Holly Ramsay, 22, has taken to Instagram today to share a string of pictures to celebrate International Women's Day, with the first picture including the young social media star posing topless. Holly posted a string of five pictures in view of her 288,000 Instagram followers. The first included the social media star sitting on the edge of a sky swimming pool, looking out at the sea. She is holding her bikini top in her hand, as she uses her other hand to hold her assets. The model then included her siblings, mother and friends in the other pictures to celebrate International Women's Day. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Holly captioned the post: "Happy International Women's Day. "I'm so grateful to be surrounded by such hard working & inspirational women #internationalwomensday." Friends and social media users alike took to the comments to compliment Holly and celebrate International Women's Day. Kingrrrtgr said: "Happy International Women's Day to all of the women here." Simonsworld26 added: "Inspired by all the Ramsay women." Johnnydukedj commented: "Happy Women's Day wishes." Gordon spoke out in October last year about his daughter's sexual assault, which led Holly to have a short stay in a psychiatric hospital. She was diagnosed with PTSD and opened up about what happened after launching her own mental health podcast, 21 & Over, in August. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen [OPINION] Karren Brady on why 'contradictory' Meghan Markle gets criticised [COMMENT] Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [REACTION] Gordon confirmed she has now "dealt with those issues" after going through a "healing process". The television personality said the family had all benefited from the extra time at home in lockdown. "Holly has had a very difficult time," he told The Mail On Sunday. "Now she is in an amazing position and she has dealt with those issues. "The pandemic, from a dad's point of view, was perfect timing because we got to spend quality time together, and we got to understand what she's gone through. "She's absolutely fine now. There was a healing process." At the time, Holly credited her famous dad for helping her deal with what happened. Speaking on her podcast, she said: "I went to university, studied fashion design, and I loved it. But by the second half of the first year I was being affected by my PTSD and I had no idea that this was happening. "I was going out a lot, missing class because I’d been out. I wasn’t enjoying myself at all. I was struggling a lot."