Mauricio Pochettino has a big advantage over Erik ten Hag in the race to become the next Manchester United manager, according to former Red Devils striker Mark Hughes. Ten Hag was interviewed by United earlier this week as the club stepped up their attempts to find a new manager. The Ajax boss is one of the favourites to be the next permanent manager at Old Trafford. But Pochettino is also a long-term target for United, dating back to his time in charge of Tottenham. Ten Hag has only managed in Holland, aside from a couple of years at Bayern Munich's reserve team between 2013 and 2015. Pochettino has now coached in three countries and has almost seven years of experience in the Premier League behind him. Hughes believes that could be vital in United's decision on who to pick between Ten Hag and Pochettino, if indeed they are the two leading candidates. "The Premier League is like no other league in world football," Hughes told Sky Sports. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu 'identifies Mikel Arteta replacement' he wants 'from 2023/24 season' "It has similarities, obviously, with the quality of the play, but I just think the intensity of the games is different. If you’ve had no experience of [the competition], either as a player or a manager, then I think it can take you aback and you can have a period of transition where you’re not quite sure what’s hit you, because it’s such a different level in my view. "So you see the attraction of Pochettino coming in because he does know the Premier League and the strength of it, but there’s examples of other coaches from other countries who have come in and hit the ground running." United haven't won a trophy for five years and are in a fight to finish in the top four this season. Hughes says it is hugely important they get their next appointment right. DON'T MISSAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him' [GOSSIP]Barcelona's revival: Xavi's potentially unstoppable XI if new transfer policy works [OPINION]Man Utd have six stars who will earn more than Bruno Fernandes even after bumper new deal [INSIGHT]  He added: "The fact is Man Utd is one of the top jobs in world football, so there will be plenty of people throwing their CVs in and hoping they’re going to get a call. I’ve not had mine yet, but there you go! "It’s a difficult time for United at the moment, and it’s not easy for anybody with any connection to the club, so they need to get this one right. It’s a huge appointment, and all the due diligence and the interviews they seem to be doing at the moment, you hope will lead to them getting the right guy in place."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here