Mr Assange, who is is currently fighting extradition to the US, has two children with Ms Moris – Max, two, and Gabriel, four. The couple's wedding comes just weeks before the third anniversary of the activist's dramatic arrest, which saw him get dragged out of London's Ecuadorian embassy. He is wanted in Washington for an alleged conspiracy to obtain and disclose national defence information. The publication of hundreds of thousands of leaked documents relating to the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, US authorities claim, put lives in danger. Mr Assange has consistently denied any wrongdoing and won support for his case from human rights organisations and journalist groups across the world. The wedding in the high-security jail saw Ms Moris enter in a grey Vivienne Westwood gown with an inscription on the inside lining, trailing a floor-length veil with colourful embroidery of words such as "relentless" and "valiant". Mr Assange wore a kilt, also created by Dame Vivienne – a nod to his family ties to Scotland. A single pink rose was tucked in the front of Ms Moris' corset. Ms Westwood has previously campaigned against the activist's extradition. Mr Assange was not permitted to attend the small reception after the ceremony, or be part of the cake-cutting ritual. The ceremony had to be done and dusted before the end of prison visiting hours, and photography was organised by prison staff. READ MORE: Who is Assange? 10 years of Wikileaks founder's legal battle The pair, who began their relationship in 2015, met in 2011 while Ms Moris, a lawyer more than a decade his junior, worked on Mr Assange's legal team. She said: "Obviously we are very excited, even though the circumstances are very restrictive. "All the guests and witnesses must leave as soon as the ceremony is over, even though that will be before normal visiting time ends. "Julian is looking forward to the wedding because it is finally happening, many months after we first made the request." DON'T MISS:Jail housing Julian Assange locked down after 'Covid outbreak' [REPORT]Pamela Anderson on friendship with Julian Assange [INSIGHT]Assange's attempt to appeal against US extradition rejected [INSIGHT] The wedding comes shortly after the UK's highest court refused to hear his appeal against extradition. The Australian-born editor was attempting to appeal against a judgment by the high court in December that ruled he could be extradited after assurances from the US authorities with regard to his prison conditions there. But the Supreme Court said it had refused permission to appeal "as the application didn't raise an arguable point of law". While his extradition must still be approved by the home secretary, Priti Patel, the decision dealt a serious blow to Mr Assange's effort to fight his deportation from the UK. After Ms Patel makes a decision, Mr Assange can try to challenge it by judicial review, which involves a judge examining the legitimacy of a public body's decision. Supporters of the 50-year-old WikiLeaks founder have gathered outside Belmarsh today to celebrate, and the couple asked them to dress as if they were attending a wedding. Those wishing to send the newlyweds a gift have been asked to donate to a new official Crowdfunder campaign, sponsor a park bench or similar in their area, or put up posters calling for Mr Assange to be freed. The couple, who are marrying during the jail's visiting hours, have not been granted permission to bring a photographer to the wedding. A Prison Service spokesperson said: "All weddings in prisons must meet the requirements outlined in the Prison Service policy." The service said photography for weddings in prisons is facilitated by prison staff, in line with "established national policy on photographing prisoners". It added: "The relevant policy makes clear the governor can block images being taken if it is believed they will be shared publicly, which can compromise prison security. Accordingly, photos will be taken by prison staff."