 Emmerdale fans have been keeping a close eye on Noah Dingle (played by Jack Downham) after the youngster started meddling in the lives of Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) and Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele). Viewers recently spotted a mean side to his personality as the teenager made some judgmental remarks about the couple’s relationship. According to official ITV soap spoilers, Noah will soon stir up trouble again as he cruelly uses Amelia Spencer (Daisy Campbell). Could the drama lead Amelia to run away from the village?   In upcoming scenes on the soap, Noah starts flirting with an over-enamoured Amelia, who recently began to have feelings for him. However, his true intention behind the flirtatious behaviour is to gain the attention of Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland). Noah is left feeling frustrated when Chloe instead forms a connection with Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant). Meanwhile, Samson Dingle’s (Sam Hall) crush on Amelia grows deeper. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?  As the drinks start to flow at a party hosted by Cathy Hope (Gabrielle Dowling), Noah plans to use Amelia to make Chloe jealous. The teenager soon enlists a disapproving Samson to keep Cathy busy while he does so. However, when Amelia eventually uncovers the truth of what Noah is up to she’s left humiliated and heartbroken. Will she ever be able to forgive Noah for his cruel actions?    Later on, a vulnerable Amelia reluctantly tells her concerned family about her encounter with Noah. However, she’s soon embarrassed when Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) decides to intervene. Could Amelia end up clashing with Kerry as she berates her for getting involved? If so, the youngster may feel she wants to escape the village and all the embarrassment she’s endured. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit [WATCH]‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]Death in Paradise star shares first impression of ‘crazy’ newcomer [INSIGHT]  Kerry is Amelia’s stepmother and has grown close to the teenager since she first arrived in the village in 2011. While Kerry didn’t have a good relationship with her own daughter Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson), she adores Amelia and has tried her best to take the teen under her wing. However, Kerry’s protective nature over Amelia could soon end up pushing her away. She could leave Amelia feeling mortified if she intervenes in her social life and berates Noah.   Could Kerry’s actions cause yet more upset for Amelia as she struggles to cope with her heartbreak? If so, Amelia may try to escape her life in Emmerdale and end up running away from the village. Will she attempt to leave the Dales? Viewers will have to tune in to find out her fate. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 