Oti Mabuse, 31, said her husband Marius Iepure, 39, was apprehensive about her decision to join Strictly Come Dancing in 2015. At that point, the professional dancers had been married for just a year. When the opportunity arose for the South African dancer to move to the UK and join the show, Oti admits that Marius had his doubts because the couple had “built their whole life” in Germany. She told You magazine: "Everybody thought, 'You can’t leave Germany. You built your whole life here, don’t go!'” Thankfully, the risk paid off and after joining the show in 2015, she has become one of the most popular professionals and has won twice with partners Kelvin Fletcher and Bill Bailey. The couple met when Oti moved to Germany from South Africa in 2012 to broaden her dancing career. READ MORE:Chris Evans astounded at discovering Rod Stewart's Ukraine efforts Marius became her dance partner and they went on to become Latin champions. In the new interview, Oti gushed about their meeting, saying: “Marius was my first dance partner in Germany and he took me in, took care of me. “He’s been my rock, my anchor and my support. “Every time I thought I couldn’t do something, he was the one who was like. ‘Get up, you absolutely can’.” Oti and Marius now live in London, where they run their own dance school, but Oti maintains that her husband is the “smart one” and runs most of it. It comes after Oti announced she was leaving Strictly Come Dancing after seven series. When asked whether her decision to leave the show was motivated by her desire to start a family, Oti told the aforementioned publication that motherhood isn’t on her “books right now” because she has other goals she wants to achieve. Nevertheless, she says she is open to the prospect of having children and that when she feels ready, “it will happen”. DON'T MISSVenus Williams puts on eye-popping display in low-cut gown at Oscars[LATEST]Oscars viewers left reeling after Will Smith slaps Chris Rock[INSIGHT]'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win[NEWS] Oti announced she was quitting the show in February in a message to her 644,000 Instagram followers. She penned: “Never easy to say goodbye. I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. “Lifting the glitterball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! “You are my family and I adore you all forever.” She also starred as a judge on this year’s Dancing On Ice, which saw Regan Gascoigne named the winner on Sunday’s finale. Following the show, Oti shared her congratulations to Regan and his skating partner Karina Manta. She said: “CONGRATULATIONS Regan Gascoigne and Karina Manta for winning Dancing On Ice! “What a fantastic couple and incredible night you had and such brilliant skating from Vanessa Bauer and Brendan Cole and love to Kimberly Wyatt and Mark Hanretty. All of you will remain iconic forever.”