Mark Charnock, 53, has taken to Twitter to say thank you to a fellow soap opera star after she credited him for the work he has done in the role of Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle. Georgia Taylor, 42, who has starred in soaps such as Coronation Street and Casualty, wrote that certain actors can be taken for granted. The star said that it is “especially” soap actors who fall victim to this attitude. She added that it was “glorious” to see certain actors doing very well, among whom included Mark Charnock. She said: “When actors are consistently brilliant and understated they can fall under the radar/be taken for granted. Especially in Soaps. READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win “So it’s glorious to see @markcharnock @ZoeHenry03 @dominicbrunt firmly in the spotlight. “They are doing such beautiful, tender, work and being appreciated.” Mark replied saying: “This is very kind and very lovely. Thanks so much, Georgia. X” The post was sent out in full view of Mark’s 186,000 followers. Fans were quick to jump on the post to share their own thoughts on the subject. @Sallycarman wrote: “Beautifully said.” @NicoleMary2004 commented: “Beautifully said @RealGeorgiaT and your doing amazing as ur character for Toyah. “You are doing so brilliant with the storyline aswell so proud of you all.” DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] @Mclaren19 wrote: “Georgia you never fail to amaze me with your generous and kind help / comments you give everyone including myself a few years ago. “You're one in a million and a very special lady. Never change X love Martin xx.” @Dominicbrunt said: “Georgia!! Thank you. “What a lovely, selfless and supportive thing to say from such a talent as yourself. “Very much appreciated and very touched. Thank you. x” Georgia is best known for her portrayal of Toyah Battersby in Coronation Street. She also played the role of Ruth Winters in Casualty and Kate Barker in Law and Order. In 2001, the star won  Best Dramatic Performance British Soap Award for her portrayal of Toyah.