Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey has appeared to have inflicted a nasty-looking injury on team-mate Alexandre Lacazette in training. Lacazette posted two images to his Instagram story on Wednesday afternoon. The first image showed a cut on the Frenchman's leg and the second was him grabbing his shin in pain. Both Lacazette and Partey have been regulars for Mikel Arteta of late. They have both started the four Premier League wins the Gunners have collected in a row. Arteta will be hoping his players do not injure each other in their quest for Champions League qualification. But it appears they are going hard at it on the training ground. JUST IN: Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat  Partey was voted Arsenal's player of the month earlier this week. But captioning the image of his cut leg, Lacazette wrote: "Player of the month. Killer of the Day," tagging Partey in the post. He then posted a picture of himself grabbing his leg in pain just after the incident. There is no suggestion at this point that Lacazette could be a doubt for Sunday's visit of Leicester. DON'T MISSLiverpool ace Fabinho accused of ‘cheating’ by Wenger to stop Inter Milan comeback [REACTION]Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT]Everton risking points deduction as worries over club's future grow [NEWS]  The former Lyon star has failed to score in any of his appearances in 2022. But he has been key in providing assists for his team-mates, registering seven in his last nine league appearances. Partey has also started to come into his own in recent months. The Ghana star has formed a successful partnership with Granit Xhaka since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations.  Earlier this season, Partey described his performances since joining from Atletico Madrid as "four out of 10." Arteta liked the honesty from the midfielder and praised his raise in level on the pitch. "When you are honest with yourself I think it’s a great starting point," Arteta said. "And when you assess yourself in the way that Thomas did publicly, it’s a really rare thing to do. "He did it because he believed that that was the case, that he wants to give much more to the team and to the club. Probably that day something clicked.  "The fact that he’s been injury-free is massive, but he’s probably more fit as well because he’s doing things better." Arsenal are fourth in the Premier League heading into this weekend's action. They are a point clear of fifth-placed Manchester United and have three games in hand over Ralf Rangnick's side. But Tottenham's back-to-back wins in the league have kept their hopes of finishing in the top four alive.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here