As Vladimir Putin's attacks on Ukraine have surpassed the two-week mark, his country has reached a milestone, too – for the first time, every single nation on the European continent is doing better than Russia. The Kremlin, describing its troubles as a "shock", attributed them to an "economic war" waged at Moscow. Once the world's 11th-largest economy, Russia is now experiencing "absolutely unprecedented" economical struggles. According to Visegrád 24, "Putin has wiped out 20 years of economic growth in terms of GDP" in two weeks. The publication claimed the average gross salary in Russia has fallen to USD436 – well below Moldova, where it stands at USD491, and Ukraine, at 485USD. On Thursday, the Kremlin told reporters on a conference call Russia's economy was under shock and that measures were being taken to soften the impact. Describing the situation as "turbulent", Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "Our economy is experiencing a shock impact now and there are negative consequences, they will be minimised. "This is absolutely unprecedented. The economic war that has started against our country has never taken place before. So it is very hard to forecast anything." Ukraine LIVE: Unhinged Putin vows to attack entire world – airports targeted For experts, this turbulence comes as no surprise. JPMorgan last week said the country's economic output decline is comparable to the crisis of 1998. It expects Russia's economy to contract 35 percent in the second quarter of 2022 and seven percent throughout the year. The investment bank's Anatoliy Shal wrote in a note to clients: "A peak-to-trough decline in Russian GDP is now expected at around 12 percent, comparable to 1998 (~10%) and 2008 (~11%) crises and COVID-19 shock (~9%)." JPMorgan added exports are expected to decline around 13 percent this year, domestic demand by roughly 10 percent and imports by around 30 percent. Mr Shal said it is "clear" Russia's current isolation "will lead to lower growth in the long-run", claiming: "We expect Russia's growth at around zero next year (vs. -1.0% previously) and a trend growth of around one percent in the long-run." The country, as the world's second-biggest oil exporter and its largest in natural gas, is set to suffer from a wide loss of clientele. Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng confirmed on Tuesday the UK is phasing out Russian oil imports by 2023 and exploring ending gas imports. A news release read: "In a competitive global market for oil and petroleum products, demand can be met by alternative suppliers. "We will work closely with international partners to ensure alternative supplies of fuel products. "Russian imports account for eight percent of total UK oil demand, but the UK is also a significant producer of both crude oil and petroleum products, in addition to imports from a diverse range of reliable suppliers beyond Russia including the Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, and USA." Presented as "another economic blow to the Putin regime" by Prime Minister Boris Johnson, the ban was equalled by the US, while the European Union presented a plan to phase out gas imports only. DON'T MISSSanctions? How the West is funding war through gas sales [EXPLAINER]Russian soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies [VIDEO]Ukrainian living in UK speaks after Priti Patel's major ruling [REPORT] Meanwhile, hundreds of Western corporations have pulled their operations from Russia. McDonald's was first, earlier this week, followed by Starbucks and PepsiCo. In a message to staff and franchisees, Chris Kempczinski, the chief executive of McDonald's, said: "The conflict in Ukraine and the humanitarian crisis in Europe has caused unspeakable suffering to innocent people. As a system, we join the world in condemning aggression and violence and praying for peace." As per a recent regulatory filing, the fast-food giant's restaurants in Russia and Ukraine contributed roughly nine percent of its annual revenue, or around $2bn. It decided temporarily suspending operations at its 850 locations across Russia while continuing to pay its 62,000 employees in the country was the way to go. Other big firms, including Netflix, Levi's, Burberry and Ikea, announced they had halted business there, too. Commercial, cultural, financial and political isolation from the rest of the world, as well as unified international retaliation against Putin, is taking its toll on Moscow. But the consequences are being felt not only in Russia. Commodity prices are soaring and economic indicators are falling. The Nasdaq is in bear territory, oil is at all-time highs, and wholesale energy prices in Europe have surpassed historic records. As things currently stand, with a meeting in Turkey between Russian and Ukrainian representatives ending with little progress, the forecast is dull. Even before Putin's invasion, surging inflation and the problems brought by the coronavirus pandemic — from job losses to supply chain issues — meant the global economy was under difficult circumstances. The catastrophe in Ukraine, from where more than two million people have so far fled, could exacerbate each of the economic threats that were already challenging people's lives.