Lady Louise wore a navy dress and shawl to match her mother, Sophie Countess of Wessex. She accessorised with a gorgeous navy fascinator for the occasion. Royal fans took to Twitter to express their praise for the 18-year-old's style.  Twitter user @CherylKate_news wrote: "Lady Louise looks lovely." Another Twitter user @storiesbyjemay added: "Louise is dressed very sharply." Royal watcher @MrDCPhillips said: "Lady Louise is a young lady now as well, bless her!" READ MORE: Aldi’s sell-out log burner with over 800 five star reviews is back  Lady Louise, 18, wore a sophisticated navy blue dress complete with a flattering skater skirt and square neckline. This was layered with a royal blue cardigan. She accessorised her outfit with a beaded blue clutch and striking blue fascinator, adding layers of silver jewellery. The young royal was sure to pay tribute to her late great-grandfather too, opting to wear her equestrian brooch.   This was a nod to her and Philip's shared passion for horse riding, in particular carriage riding, which the teenager has taken up in recent years. Louise looked radiant with a natural, yet sophisticated a makeup look, adding a touch of rouge to her cheeks and lips. Completing her elegant ensemble, the young royal wore her honey blonde hair in an elegant curled style. This was neatly pinned beneath her statement hair accessory.  Louise was particularly close to her late grandfather. They both shared a common interest of carriage driving, at which Louise is very talented. Back in 2019, Philip was pictured proudly watching his granddaughter compete in the Private Driving Singles carriage drive. This was during the Royal Windsor Horse Show, where she achieved third place.   The Queen has been actively involved in the plans for Tuesday's memorial service, which incorporated some elements initially planned for Philip's funeral that were unable to go ahead due to the government's coronavirus restrictions at the time. These included hymns being sung, such as Guide me, O thou great Redeemer, which Philip had requested for his funeral. This was as well as clergy from the royal estates of Windsor, Sandringham and Balmoral playing a part in the service, another of the Duke's requests. 