More than 50,000 people attended Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday for a state memorial service for the Australian cricket legend. Warne's three children - Brooke, 24, Jackson, 22, and Summer, 20 - delivered moving tributes to their dad, killed by a heart attack earlier this month aged 52. Sir Elton John beamed in to dedicate Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me to the youngsters, while Ed Sheeran, Robbie Williams and Coldplay's Chris Martin also performed over videolink. Kylie and Dannii Minogue and Hugh Jackman were among the other celebrities paying tribute at the glitzy gathering, which reflected Warne's showmanship. Summer fought back tears as she told the millions watching around the world: "You will always be with us Dad, just not in the ways we have hoped. You saved me Dad, you really did." Jackson said: "You were the best dad anyone could have asked for and you were my best friend.Time with you went way too fast." Eldest daughter Brooke said she was heartbroken they would not be able share the ribbing and all the big moments growing up with their "best friend". She added: "I will miss grabbing your big wrists and feeling your hands and saying that I have big fat fingers just like you. "I will miss our chats just about how big our double chins are and how big our bellies are looking especially after we've just eaten our body weight in cheese, pizza and pasta. "What makes me the saddest is, I will never get to wrap my arms around you and give you the biggest hug and rest my chin on your chest. Dad was our shining star in life and now he's shining down on all of us."  The leg-spinner is regarded as one of the greatest cricketers of all-time, having claimed 708 wickets in 145 test matches. Fellow Australian greats such as Glenn McGrath, Adam Gilchrist, Steve Waugh and Merv Hughes were there to pay tribute as well as former foes such as Nasser Hussain. The ex-England captain and fellow commentator said: "For me, he's absolutely the best cricketer I've ever seen and a great friend over the past decade." England cricketing great Sir Ian Botham gave a video appreciation and also tweeted: "What a magnificent tribute to a fantastic player and a great, great friend." The service ended with the unveiling of the Shane Warne Stand at the MCG by Warne's children. Warne was on holiday in Thailand when he died and his funeral took place last week. 