Aries is the first sign of the zodiac and the start of Aries season is the same day as the Spring Equinox. Kicking of the astrological year, Aries season arrives to give us new a lease of life. Express.co.uk reveals what’s in store for Aries season (and the official start date for 2022). The star sign season dates change slightly from year to year, depending on whether or not it’s a leap year. That’s because the Earth takes 365.25 days to complete one orbit around the sun. We have an extra day in the calendar every four years to account for extra the four quarters of a day. Sometimes Aries season starts on March 21, but this year it is starting at 4.34pm on March 20. READ MORE- Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week The Sun is in Aries for a month, moving into Taurus on April 20. In Aries, the Sun is enthusiastic and spontaneous and that is reflected in our general attitude. Cafe Astrology explains: “We are motivated by the desire to conquer. We are more impulsive and have the urge to initiate. “Aries is a sign that bounces back quickly–there is little in the way of shame with Aries. It is brave and pioneering, and somewhat innocent. “We are direct and rather uncomplicated in our needs, but we can also be short-sighted and lack the desire to plan ahead.” Aries season marks the beginning of a new astrological year, so it can feel a bit like a fresh start. It also marks the start of Spring, which is all about new life and new beginnings. If you haven’t stuck to your new year’s resolutions, you can use Aries season as a do-over. Astrology.com said: “This is a magical and putting time in which we will not only embrace a new season, but we also will have a new year that allows us to create visions and dreams that we want to attend.” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes: ‘Big-spirited’ Sagittarius is an ‘endless labyrinth’ [INFORMER]Pisces 2022 yearly horoscope: What the water sign can expect from 2022 [INSIGHT]Capricorn 2022 yearly horoscope: What Capricorn can expect from 2022 [EXPLAINER] Don’t be surprised if you witness any spooky occurrences on March 20. According to Astrology.com, the spring equinox thins the veil between the spiritual and physical world. The site explains: “This means that ghosts may come to us while we sleep and offer us insights. “Or, our intuition will be on fire during this time and allow us to see matters from a clearer perspective.” Aries season is the perfect time to get things done and start new endeavours. Astrology.com explained: “As we move through the first days of spring, we will have more energy to move towards our goals due to the fiery nature of Aries season. “Aries sets off the potent vibe. Anything and everything is possible now. “With the fire under our bellies, we can attain them now. Full speed ahead.”