Senior Meteorologist at British Weather Services, Jim Dale, said that snow is "more likely" at Easter than at Christmas, saying that it can even be "one step up from it". The UK saw a white Christmas in 2021, with Shetland and parts of Eastern Scotland waking up to snowfall, the Met Office confirmed. Yorkshire also saw snowfall throughout the course of Christmas Day. The record for the most snow seen on Christmas day is 16.9inches (43cm), which fell in North Yorkshire in 2009. Speaking about the possibility of snow, Mr Dale told Express.co.uk, "March can always deliver. "But the longer we go and the aspects of the sun always means that anything that comes is likely to be short-lived. "Short-lived sharp wintery thrusts if you like. "They can happen any time, even in early April. "Easter snow is more likely than December snow - or Christmas snow - on average. "It's one step up from it. "So the legacy of winter can continue on until Easter. READ MORE: UK snow forecast: 6 inches to fall today in ‘thundersnow’ "It's entirely possible that you can get into the early part of April and still see little forays of wintry activity. "So we're only just starting March so I wouldn't go too far and say that this can't happen. It can. Mr Dale concluded: "There is every chance that the cold weather will come in and we'll get these cold days and we'll get the frost. "The frost is there anyway but we might get some bits and pieces of snow from time to time. DON'T MISS: UK flood forecast: Britain put on 'amber watch' as flood risk explodes [ANALSYSIS] UK snow: Brits to be blanketed with 10cm snowfall as Met Office warns [INSIGHT] Morning commute havoc with Met Office warning and Tube strike delays [REVEAL] "But I don't see anything horrendous. "There's no reason that in 10, 12, 14, 15 days on you don't get a northerly dive and the fronts come in and snow prevails." According to weather forecaster WXCharts, the UK is likely to see two significant cold spells throughout March, the first being as soon as next week. The forecaster has predicted that Scotland will see lows of -3C on March 8, with icy winds making the region feel as cold as -8C. The whole of the UK will feel like 0C and below. The country will be hit with another cold spell in the second half of the month, with minimum temperatures reaching -2C in Scotland on March 20. Wind chill will cause the temperature to feel as cold as -4C in Scotland, with the whole of the UK feeling colder than freezing. The South will see actual temperatures ranging from 0C to 2C.