Stefanos Tsitsipas was accused of being salty in his defeat to world No 43 Jenson Brooksby in Indian Wells. The 21-year-old American has been one of the most exciting rising players of the last few months and came from a set down to beat the third seed on Monday. He will now face the defending champion, Britain's Cam Norrie. Tsitsipas made it to the quarter-finals in Indian Wells last year during the tournament's postponed slot in October where he lost to eventual finalist Nikoloz Basilashvili. This year, he found himself in the stacked half of the draw with world No 1 Daniil Medvedev and Rafael Nadal, who is undefeated so far in 2022. But it wasn't any of the big names who ended his campaign early. The world No 3 had been eyeing the title ahead of the tournament this week, admitting it would give him the boost he needed to win a Grand Slam title. “It could give me a massive amount of confidence to win Grand Slam titles if I pull that off," he said pre-tournament. After receiving a bye to the second round and narrowly avoiding defeat to former world No 8 Jack Sock 7-6(5) 3-6 7-6(5), Tsitsipas was unable to fend off another resurgent American in the round of 32. After winning the first set, Brooksby fired back to take the second 6-3 and carried his momentum into the final set as he won the first four games in a row and went on to take it 1-6 6-3 6-2. JUST IN: Wimbledon and other Grand Slams announce major rule change  Brooksby has been something of a revelation over the last few months, making a breakthrough during the North American summer swing last year when he reached the final of the grass-court ATP 250 in Newport, backing up his run by making the semi-finals of the hard-court Washingtop ATP 500 a few weeks later. He then made it to the second week of the US Open, losing to Novak Djokovic in the round of 16 after beating Aslan Karatsev and Taylor Fritz en route. The 21-year-old had already scored an impressive win over Karen Khachanov in Indian Wells and went on to prove his potential by defeating Tsitsipas. But the Greek star was not complimentary of Brooksby in defeat, claiming that the American didn't do anything special to win the match as he said: "He's not explosive, but he's able to get balls back. He's not so athletic, as well. He's just able to read the game well, play with his pace, play with the opponent's pace and stay consistent. He has nothing that kills, I would say." The seven-time title winner also hinted that he thought Brooksby's performance came down to luck as he added: "The amount of net cords he hit, was able to bring into the other side of the court, that's for sure. I think that's an incredible skill. And I don't know what else," but the world No 43 admitted he was happy to keep his strengths a secret from top players like Tsitsipas. DON'T MISSMurray gives verdict on Nadal and Djokovic French Open chancesWTA boss speaks out on Russian ban as Medvedev faces Wimbledon threatRaducanu given Grand Slam boost to bounce back after 'rough road'   "I think a lot of players and coaches maybe don't see how I could be, as good of a level as I am. That's what we shoot for in our games and strategy, to not be too easily figured out. That's how the top players over history have been. I'm not too surprised to hear that [from Tsitsipas]. It's what we shoot for," he said in response to his opponent's comments. And Brooksby is hoping to continue proving himself against defending champion Norrie in Wednesday's match, channelling the weight of a match like his US Open fourth-round against Djokovic to help him stay confident. "Stages such as [the US Open match against Djokovic] are really what show the work you put in, the self-belief and confidence you have in your own game. There's no doubt I wasn't intimidated but I believe, and I've shown I can beat anyone. I just have that focus every match and try to learn from everyone I've played against each time as well, whether I win or lose."  