  Famous chef Gordon Ramsay, 55, appeared on BBC Radio 2 today to chat to Vernon Kay, 47, who was filling in for Zoe Ball while she recovers from COVID-19. During the interview, Gordon insisted “the Queen swears” and even insinuated that she will have been less than polite to son Prince Andrew following his controversial court settlement earlier this year.    Gordon who is known for swearing on TV shows like Hell’s Kitchen was sent a number of questions as he appeared live on air. Andy from Essex wrote in: “I’m a 6ft 4in truck driver, I’m a mechanic as well, and my mum still tells me off for swearing. Does Gordon’s mum do the same?” Gordon responded: “Yeah, absolutely. Andy, I’m so sorry - I don’t mean to swear. It’s just the muppets I have to work with!” “They bring it out of you!” Vernon added. READ MORE: ITV News host Mary Nightingale and husband forced to move out of home     Gordon continued: “They do! Also, I think it’s important to get straight to the point. Get it off your chest, right? “I mean, between you and I Vernon, the Queen swears.” Vernon agreed before putting on a posh, high-pitched voice: “But she does it in a much politer way”. At this point, Gordon controversially quipped: “Yes, I don’t think she was like that towards Andrew last month though anyway!”      The jibe made Vernon laugh, as the presenter hastily said: “Moving on, Gordon - pack it in!” Earlier this month, the long-running civil case between Virginia Giuffre and Prince Andrew officially came to an end after Judge Lewis Kaplan signed the Stipulation of Dismissal document. The Duke of York has paid his financial settlement to his accuser Ms Giuffre and the civil sexual assault action has been dismissed. The joint order added that each party would pay their own costs and fees, with Prince Andrew paying as much as £12 million in the out-of-court settlement. READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT] Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS] Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS]      There is mounting pressure for the Duke of York to confirm how he paid the settlement, with mounting speculation that the Queen or even the Prince of Wales contributed to the sum. Ms Giuffre was suing the Queen's second son for sexual abuse, saying Andrew had sex with her when she was 17 and had been trafficked by his friend, the billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein - an allegation that has been vehemently denied by the Duke of York. Andrew, who has stepped down from royal duties and public life, claimed he never met Ms Giuffre.      He has since been stripped of his honorary military roles, with the Duke also giving up using his HRH (His Royal Highness). Gordon’s quip suggesting that the Queen probably swore at her son following the scandal comes after the star’s other controversial comment that the pandemic wiped the slate clean of “crap” restaurants. In an interview with the former shadow chancellor Ed Balls in Radio Times, Gordon argued that while the past two years have been “devastating” for the restaurant industry, the upside is “the crap’s gone”. The Zoe Ball Breakfast show is live weekdays from 6:30 on BBC Radio 2.   