The polyphenols present in the popular evening drink have been found to have a positive effect on blood pressure. A Dutch found these polyphenols improve the cells lining the blood vessels, improving blood flow and heart health. As to whether this could improve high blood pressure in severe cases is yet to be decided. Nevertheless, the evidence for red wine is positive, particularly if it’s non-alcoholic. READ MORE: Confidence is all in the mind – how to be comfortable in your own skin  One study recently found that a person who drank three glasses of non-alcoholic red wine a day over a month led to a significant drop in blood pressure. On the other hand, those who drank alcohol red wine experienced no change in their blood pressure. Although the temptation, as a result, may be to increase one’s intake of red wine, it should be warned that drinking to excess is unhealthy in the long run. Blood Pressure UK says: “Alcohol contains a lot of calories which can make you gain weight, which in turn will raise your blood pressure.  “There is no amount of alcohol that can be thought of as safe, but the Government advises that regularly drinking more than 14 units per week risks damaging your health”. While red wine may have little to a moderate impact on blood pressure, excessive consumption could be detrimental. Meanwhile, there is a new scientific development that experts say could help spot heart disease 40 times faster than previously. A new computer tool is thought to be able to spot heart disease in 20 seconds according to the results of a new study. The technology, developed by researchers at University College London and Barts Heart Centre uses AI in order to analyse MRI scans and accurately diagnose a patient. In response, British Heart Foundation describes the technology as “revolutionary” and some believe it could allow medics to spend more time on the backlog of patients that have developed in recent years. Consultant Cardiology Dr. Rhodri Davies said: “Our new AI reads complex heart scans in record speed, analysing the structure and function of a patient’s heart with more precision than ever before. “The beauty of the technology is that it replaces the need for a doctor to spend countless hours analysing the scans by hand”. Results from the study have been published in the Journal of Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance. In the meantime, there are actions a person can take to reduce their risk of heart disease according to the NHS. Quitting smoking, reducing how much alcohol a person drinks, exercising regularly, and eating a healthy diet are all actions a person can take to reduce their heart disease risk. For more information on heart disease contact the NHS or consult with your GP.