Ovens and kitchen counters might be the focus of your weekly clean, however, your fridge might go unnoticed. Given that so much of your food is stored there, keeping it spick and span is essential for hygiene. However, the fact your food lives in the fridge is why people might want to reconsider using chemical-based cleaners. Luckily, there are two low-cost kitchen cupboard ingredients which can banish dirt and odours from your fridge. Baking soda, or bicarbonate of soda, is typically used as a leavening agent in baking. White vinegar, on the other hand, is used in cooking for flavour. READ MORE: How to keep rats out of your garden - five key steps  Both ingredients are also hailed for their multi-purposes cleaning uses around the home - including in your fridge. Baking soda works well for cleaning because it dissolves organic compounds like dirt and grease. The mineral structure of baking soda works as a mild abrasive to clean without leaving scratches. Baking soda is also able to absorb bad smells and unwanted odours. White vinegar works well for cleaning due to its acidity, which can counteract a build-up of grime. DON'T MISSBritons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how [EXPLAINER]'It will be sparkling': Mrs Hinch fans share hack to clean shower door [INSIGHT]House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [COMMENT] To begin, empty the fridge's contents, including any shelves and fittings. If you want to wash any shelves or fittings, allow them to thaw to room temperature before placing them in warm water. Putting them straight into warm water could result in the plastic or glass cracking. Once your fridge is empty, spray down the interior with a solution of white vinegar and water. Leave them to soak while you wash the shelves in warm, soapy water. Then return to the fridge and wipe it down with a soft, damp cloth. Be sure to wring this out regularly so you are not smearing dirty around the fridge. The mixture of vinegar and water should work well to remove any sticky mess, and target germs. However, it is likely that the white vinegar will leave a smell, which may be coupled with existing smells already in your fridge from potent foods. Luckily, baking soda can see away nasty smells. Simply place a small container of baking soda in your fridge to attract any smelly particles. Alternatively, you can opt to use a paste of baking soda and water to clean the interior of your fridge, rather than white vinegar. This works best when your fridge is not too dirty. Simply wipe a paste of hot water and baking soda around the inside of your appliance using a soft, damp cloth. For caked-on stains, leave the paste to soak for 10 minutes. Then, rinse away with a clean cloth and dry with kitchen roll.