Venus, Mars and Pluto are lining up in responsible Capricorn, and we’ve got a lot of lessons to learn about our relationships, goals and figuring out what it is we truly want. Keen to learn more about what’s in store? Express.co.uk reveals your daily horoscope star sign reading, astrology and zodiac forecast for March 3. Both Venus and Mars are conjunct Pluto today and that is excellent news for all of us in a number of ways. It’s useful to look at how Venus and Mars conjunct Pluto impact us separately, before looking at both planets conjunct Pluto together. Pluto is known as the ‘destroyer’ in astrology, but it’s not as bad as it sounds! Pluto brings purging, releasing and tears things down so you can build them up again in a better way. READ MORE- Horoscope: Horoscopes for March 2022 - what is in store for you? When Pluto is conjunct Mars, the planet of sex, action and drive, you can imagine what themes come to light. Astrology King explained: “Mars conjunct Pluto brings increased ambition, influence, and sex drive. “You will have the endurance and strength to succeed at difficult tasks and a burst of creativity can be used to make major transformations in your life.” Venus, the planet of love and beauty is also conjunct Pluto and this greatly increases your need for love and affection. Astrology King said: “It helps you experience companionship at a deeper, more intense level. “An instant attraction could lead to a profound and karmic relationship.” When both Venus and Mars are conjunct Pluto, and the Sun (which represents our identity and ego in astrology) is also semi-square this configuration… it’s explosive! Desires, affections, pleasures, and relationships can be more intense now, and we can feel a strong desire to change and transform a situation, according to Cafe Astrology. Astrology.com added: “Sparks will be flying! Pluto can empower Venus to make or break its commitments, especially since the Capricorn mentality prefers a responsible, long-term commitment over a fun fling. “It can also allude to the authority of power dynamics and even how money can play a role in relationship dynamics. “Pluto challenges Mars for a cosmic showdown, inciting a battle of assertion and willpower. Be careful to navigate moments of frustration since Pluto-Mars can bring out buried rage and frustrations. “Altogether, the earthy conjunctions can make or break autonomous power that may contend upon assets, resources, and relationships.” DON'T MISS...Horoscopes & love: Most ‘passionate’ sign urged to ‘hang back’ [INFORMER]Zodiac signs: Aries to expect 'intense chemistry' next week [INSIGHT]Horoscope experts reveal top compatible celebrity couples [EXPLAINER]  On the other hand, these conjunctions aren’t 100 percent positive and you may find it tricky to navigate such intense energy. Cafe Astrology warned: “What makes us feel insecure can be in focus, and we may be trying to find any way possible to keep things as we knew them. In this case, changes can feel threatening to our sense of security. “Our feelings or urges can be on the extreme side today – our needs and desires can feel urgent, and our patience can be short. “Social relations are competitive and vibrant, and perhaps demanding. There is a tendency to want – and demand – more than usual from a partnership, friendship, or pastime.”