When TV presenter Angeline Davies turned 40-years-old, she realised she was "dramatically overweight". She had gained three extra stone, two from each of her pregnancies and the other from poor eating habits she'd adopted. But her sheer will-power to get her confidence back took her on a six-year journey and now she looks and feels amazing, both in-front and away from the camera. She has dropped an incredible four dress sizes, going from a "cuddly" size 16-18 to a healthy 10-12. Having been on TV for 20 years, Angeline admitted it was difficult to look at herself when she was disappointed with her appearance. READ MORE: Jennie McAlpine weight loss: TV star's easy method for slimmer figure Speaking to Express.co.uk, she said: "Whilst always having to be on camera, [the weight loss] has been a very visible story which sometimes has been very difficult. "I live a totally different lifestyle now and have been on a huge journey emotionally and physically. "[When I turned] 40, I just totally felt like it wasn’t ‘me’ looking back at ‘me’ in the mirror," she admitted. DON'T MISS...Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] "When you are on TV you are looking at a camera - a lot of people think is black but it’s not, it’s a mirror - imagine looking in a mirror for four hours at a time and not being happy with the reflection. "My fans have always had my back and have always related to me very well," she revealed. "However there are lots of forum based webpages that were really unkind." So she decided to do something about the way she was feeling - not for the online trolls or anyone else, but for herself. "I’ve been together with my husband for 22 years, he has always loved me whatever my shape but he knew I was very unhappy and needed a big change," she said. But beginning a weight loss journey isn't easy. "The most difficult part was starting, beginning," Angeline recalled. "Changing habits that were long in the formation. "I think because it was something so radical at the time, the 5:2 fast was new then and so was Keto Primal, but I just had no idea of how impactful it would become." And by eating healthier and getting daily exercise, she's now reaping the rewards. "My self confidence came back and my belief in myself returned," she beamed. And as for others in a similar position to herself before she took back control of her life, she encouraged them to take the leap and "make a change". "Do not be unhappy for one day more than is necessary," she advised.