Rafael Nadal's 2022 schedule has been depleted after the Spaniard announced he would be out for around six weeks following the injury he sustained in his Indian Wells semi-final triumph over Carlos Alcaraz. The Mallorca-born icon beat his fellow countryman in a tense battle that went to the final set, although the 21-Grand Slam veteran advanced to the final where he took on Taylor Fritz. He couldn't overcome the threat posed by the American as Fritz won in straight sets, beating the Spaniard 6-3, 7-6 (7-5) to take home his first ATP Masters title at the age of 24. However, Nadal noticed throughout the final that he was experiencing breathing problems, only diagnosed later to be a rib stress fracture. This has ruled him out for four to six weeks, which could severely hamper his preparations for the French Open of which he is a 13-time champion. And his 2022 schedule will change as a result of his lay-off with the world No 3 expected to miss two tournaments. The Monte Carlo Masters was supposed to be his next tournament, although that is now a no-go given that it is just two-and-a-half weeks away. The Barcelona Open just a week after that is also going to come too early for Nadal to compete in. Those two tournaments would be the perfect practice for Nadal given that they are on clay - the same surface that the French Open is on. And whilst he is expected to aim to compete in the Madrid Open and the Rome Masters in the weeks before the French Open respectively, Nadal's preparations for Roland Garros will inevitably have been hampered by this injury. "I wanted to announce that I have returned to Spain and I immediately went to visit my medical team to do the tests after the Indian Wells final that I played with discomfort," he said in a statement. "As it turns out, I have a stress crack in one of my ribs and will be out for 4-6 weeks. This is not good news and I did not expect this. I am sunk and sad because after the start of the season I have had such a good time. "I reached a very important part of the year with very good feelings and good results. "But hey, I've always had that fighting and overcoming spirit and what I will do is be patient and work hard after my recovery. Once again thank everyone for the support." May 1-8: Madrid Open May 8-15: Rome Masters May 22-June 5: French Open