Charles Leclerc has been lurking in the periphery of F1 title challengers for the past few years, but appears to be putting Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton under serious pressure this season. After winning the first Grand Prix of the season in Bahrain, the Ferrari star is now second-favourite to claim F1's grand prize. Leclerc managed to contain Verstappen for most of the Bahrain GP last weekend, before the Red Bull driver was forced to retire. He went on to comfortably win the race, with Ferrari team-mate Carlos Sainz coming in second place. Leclerc has now jumped ahead of Hamilton in the bookies' favourites for the F1 title this season. The 24-year-old has admitted he's learned some valuable lessons from growing up in his hometown. READ MORE: Max Verstappen slammed over crucial mistake in Charles Leclerc duel Charles Leclerc was born and raised in the principality of Monaco. He's just one of five F1 drivers to come from Monaco - the most recent being Robert Doornbos in 2006. Growing up in Monaco taught Leclerc about working hard, and respecting other people, he said. "These two values are probably the most important," Leclerc previously told CNN. "Monaco has given me most of the values that I try to share in Formula 1. "I'm just very, very proud and very happy to be born there." While Monaco is most well-known for its glitz and glamour, Leclerc insists he often feels most relaxed where he grew up. He said: "From outside, I don't think it gives the same image as the image I have of my own city. "I have all my friends, all of my family, and there's not all these glamorous parts of it; this party side. "Of course, there's also this side of Monaco, but I don't feel it when I'm there, it's more relaxing." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen sent ominous warning by Ferrari boss [QUOTES]Zlatan's typical comment after Ferrari drive with Leclerc and Sainz [VIDEO]F1 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix UK start time, schedule and standings [EXPLAINER] Leclerc stepped up to Formula 3 in 2015 with the Van Amersfoort Racing team. He took part in 33 races, winning four, and eventually finished fourth overall. Two years later, he made his Formula 2 debut with Prema Racing, coasting to a championship title. His immediate success in F2 caught the eye of Alfa Romeo in F1, who signed Leclerc for the 2018 season. Leclerc's F1 debut season finished with 39 points, and a 13th place finish overall. Ferrari immediately jumped on the chance to sign Leclerc for the 2019 season, where he earned his first podium finishes, and even winning two races. Leclerc has been with Ferrari ever since, and will be aiming for his best-ever F1 season. But, the Monegasque will have to surpass his career-best fourth-place finish from 2019 to reach those heights.