Marcus Rashford was caught on camera biting back at angry Manchester United fans as he exited Old Trafford on Tuesday night. Rashford was directed away as he approached supporters following United crashed out of the Champions League last 16 against Atletico Madrid. Ralf Rangnick replaced Anthony Elanga with Rashford after 67 minutes, but the out-of-form forward offered little to nothing as United lost 1-0 on the night and 2-1 on aggregate. It was the latest of a long string of torrid performances from the 24-year-old, whose stock has never been lower since he burst onto the scene in 2016. On Wednesday afternoon, Twitter user @0161Darren posted a video showing Rashford trying to confront haggling fans outside Old Trafford after the game. A crowd typically gathers by the tunnel exit following games to try and get pictures and autographs from players, coaching staff and other famous faces. But Rashford, hood up, was trailing a dejected group of players on their way through the car park after Atletico dashed United's hopes of silverware for a sixth successive season. And a comment from one fan seemingly prompted his frustration to boil over as he immediately diverted his course and approached those criticising the performance. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Rangnick slammed for baffling call on 'terrible' Rashford  After the small group of United players walked past the waiting fans, one of the party heckled Rashford in an attempt to get him to come over. They said: "Come on Rashford, after that performance, come on guys. Come on!" And whilst the England international initially ignored the pleas to come over, he instantly turned towards the fans after one of them criticised his substitute cameo. As he slowly walked towards the group, behind a barrier, a member of United staff held Rashford back and diverted him away. READ MORE: Diego Simeone aims dig at Man Utd as Atletico boss responds to victory  As he walked away, he turned around and used his index finger to point towards the back end of the car park, allegedly offering those who had a problem to meet him around there. His actions made those waiting for photos even more discontent, with one calling him a 'f*****g b*****d'. The incident prompted others to discuss his performance, one calling it 'awful' and another providing more fruitful analysis. Rashford is enduring a torrid rut of confidence and form and will likely be desperate for the season to end so he can regroup and go again under a new manager. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.