 US officials have told The Wall Street Journal that the President’s announcement could be made as soon as Wednesday. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky is due to address Congress on that day to discuss Russia’s attack on his Ukraine and request further support from the United States.   In his address, President Zelensky is thought to outline the requirements for military aid and though Mig-29 fighter jets may not be part of it, he will still be gunning for them after the US have paused the transfer due to concerns of escalation. It is thought that the military aid from the US will include more of the same equipment they have already given to Ukraine in order to fight off Russian attack. Some of the anti-tank and anti-aircraft systems, such as Javelins and FIM-92 Stingers, have fire and forget capabilities meaning both missiles do not require guidance such as illumination of the target after launch is established. These systems have been hailed by Ukrainian troops as “a game-changer” previously in the conflict.    When discussing the first delivery of this type of military equipment, General Barry McCaffrey told NBC that “the stinger will bring down attack helicopters and any other Russian aircraft under 11,000 feet. So, this is good news.” This military equipment will enable Ukraine to impose a type of no-fly zone from the ground, which is vital to protecting Ukrainian cities. The funding for this new announcement is said to be coming from the $13.6 billion that has been set aside for Ukraine in the budget bill passed by Congress on Tuesday. READ MORE:Rare penny valued at £200k sold to the public  Defence officials have stated that between 2014, when many people saw the beginnings of this conflict occur, and the day of the invasion last month, the United States has supplied Ukraine with $2.5 billion in military assistance. As over three million Ukrainians flee their nation in the biggest exodus since the Second World War, the US has also provided $186 million to aid the refugees. Antony Blinken, Secretary of State said on Tuesday: “This will provide further support for humanitarian organisations responding to the crisis and complement the generosity of the neighbouring countries that are welcoming and supporting refugees.” DON'T MISS:Shoppers warned as credit and debit cards could decline from Monday (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton reveals plans to change his name to honour his mum (REVEAL)Calls for state pension age increase to be scrapped – POLL (POLL)  At least 100,000 people in the UK signed up for the Government’s ‘Homes for Ukraine’ scheme on the first day of the website going live. Boris Johnson thanked Brits on Twitter: “Thank you to everyone across the country who has stepped up to offer their help so far.” Over the weekend, Michael Gove announced that over 3,000 visas have been granted to Ukrainian refugees and said that “tens of thousands” of refugees fleeing the conflict could come to the UK. 