Former F1 world champion Damon Hill has delved into a fortunate advantage held by Max Verstappen over Lewis Hamilton. Since a young age, the Dutchman has been mentored by his father, Jos, a former F1 driver in his own right, which has played a significant part in his rapid ascent to the top of the sport. Verstappen came into F1 extremely young, holding a record as the youngest to ever start a Grand Prix at 17 years and 166 days. He then became the sport's youngest ever race winner just a year later, with his famed Spanish Grand Prix triumph coming on his debut for Red Bull. It took the prodigious talent a few years to go one step further and claim his first world title, but that time finally came in December. Hamilton looked to be cruising towards his eighth crown in Abu Dhabi, before FIA race director Michael Masi effectively handed the Red Bull man an opportunity have a crack at the Brit on the final lap, which he took in dramatic fashion. READ MORE: Nikita Mazepin British GP ban branded ‘discrimination’ as Russians left fuming For Verstappen, F1 has always been in the blood, and mounting a serious challenge to Hamilton's dominance had been a long time coming. Jos Verstappen achieved two F1 podiums in a career that spanned more than 100 Grand Prix, and his tough approach to Max's racing apprenticeship is now a poorly-kept secret. Hill, who won the world title in 1996, stressed the importance of such an advantage to Sky Sports.  "It’s very easy to believe the fantasy and the dream of what is needed to be a racing driver," he said. "But I think you need someone like Jos, someone who’s been there to know the hard truths." Even with an experienced competitor in his corner, Verstappen certainly did not have it easy, and has discussed his father's ruthless approach on several occasions. "I needed it [Jos’ tough approach] as well," he claimed. "Now I’m happy that everything was like that back in the day. At the time it was a bit tough, but now I can laugh about it."  Red Bull, Verstappen and his father were all eventually rewarded with a long-awaited world title in 2021, and team boss Christian Horner commended the job done by Jos to bring through what looks to be a generational talent. "Jos wouldn’t accept anything other than Max’s best," he also told Sky Sports. "And I think that really defined and shaped Max in terms of how he approaches going racing." Duel: Hamilton vs Verstappen will air on Sky Sports Main Event at Sunday 7pm and on demand. 