The 46th US President, who is extremely proud of his Irish roots, used his Friends of Ireland Luncheon at Capitol Hill yesterday to tear into his Russian counterpart just weeks after Vladimir Putin launched his invasion into Ukraine. During the event, Mr Biden also made reference to the joint work taken by the United Kingdom and Ireland to challenge Putin's actions in Europe. He said: "My generic point is that, you know, now you have Ireland and Great Britain... standing together against a murderous dictator, a pure thug who is waging an immoral war against the people of Ukraine." Mr Biden also criticised the Kremlin during a meeting with Irish Taoiseach Micheal Martin earlier on St Patrick's Day. He said: "Putin's brutality and what he's doing and his troops are doing in Ukraine is just inhumane." The comments come just one day after the POTUS called Putin a "war criminal" for the first time. JUST IN: Russian attacks 'faltering', says MoD as 'problems continue' for Putin’s failing forces It had been assumed the White House were avoiding directing such an allegation against Putin. However, White House press secretary Jen Psaki has since said: "The President’s remarks speak for themselves. "He was speaking from his heart and speaking from what he’s seen on television, which is barbaric actions by a brutal dictator through an invasion of a foreign country." Boris Johnson beat Biden to the punch though, first calling Putin a war criminal two weeks ago. READ MORE: Russia EXODUS as flurry of private jets leave Moscow for Dubai The Prime Minister said on March 2: "What we have seen already from Vladimir Putin’s regime in the use of the munitions that they have been dropping on civilians in my view fully qualifies as a war crime." The Kremlin has responded to Mr Biden's war criminal remark by saying the accusations were "unacceptable and unforgivable rhetoric on the part of the head of a state whose bombs have killed hundreds of thousands of people around the world". However, Putin has been criticised by Western leaders for some of the tactics he has deployed in Ukraine. Russia attacked a maternity ward at a hospital in Mariupol in an airstrike. DON'T MISS:WATCH moment cornered Russian tank destroyed by Ukraine forces [VIDEO]‘No hesitation’ Defector issues chilling nuclear warning [REVEAL]‘Paranoid' Putin 'holding back' full Russian army in 'fear' [INSIGHT] US officials also suggest 10 civilians were shot dead as they queued to buy bread. The International Criminal Court has launched an investigation after appeals were lodged by 38 countries.