Manchester United may have to move quickly if they wish to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new manager, as reports claim he is tempted by a separate offer on the table. The 52-year-old Dutchman was interviewed by football director John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher on Monday as they begin to step up their search for the club's new boss. Ten Hag has built a fine reputation for himself during his time with Ajax, who he guided to the Champions League semi-finals in 2018/19. Since then, he has continued to catch the eye - having won two Eredivisie titles and two KNVB Cups - with his attractive brand of attacking football and ability to develop young talent. That has helped catapult him towards the top of United's shortlist - although club sources are playing down the idea of Ten Hag being favourite for the job. He was the first manager to be interviewed for the role but more candidates are set for talks with United in the coming weeks. READ MORE: Mauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John Murtough That said, The Mail are now reporting that Ten Hag is attracting interest from two other big European clubs, a prospect United will now be fearful of. The report even claims the Ajax boss already has an offer on the table that appeals to him. The identity of that club remains unknown but by process of elimination, there is every chance it could be Real Madrid or Paris Saint-Germain. Both clubs look set for a shake up at the end of the season with both Carlo Ancelotti and Mauricio Pochettino under increasing pressure. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from Ajax  Besides perhaps Juventus, the majority of Europe's elite clubs are now enjoying life under their current managers. Ten Hag only signed a new contract with Ajax last summer following firm interest from Tottenham, who later appointed Nuno Espirito Santo. His side have caught the eye once again this season, topping the Eredivisie after winning all six of their Champions League group matches. While Ajax have since been eliminated from the tournament by Benfica in the last 16, interest in Ten Hag remains high. Any club looking to free him from his contract in Amsterdam will have to pay around £4million in compensation. United are reluctant to rush into any decision over their new boss, knowing there is little margin for error this time around. Sevilla manager Julen Lopetegui is another outside contender for the job with his side currently sat second in La Liga. Luis Enrique is also rated highly by the United hierarchy but is expected to reaffirm his commitment to his contract with Spain ahead of the World Cup in Qatar.