Usually, paving stones are a fairly prominent feature of gardens, but they often fall off the household chores list - understandably, as cleaning stones which are frequently trodden on can seem counterproductive. However, a good scrub every now and then will make a world of difference to the overall appearance of your garden, and luckily, it’s fairly straightforward. Paving stones have to brave the turbulent British weather 365 days a year, and as we emerge from a stormy winter, it’s likely your paving stones could be showing the receipts of it. Moss, dirt, and algae are just a few of the unwelcome substances you might currently find lining your paving stones, and although they sound like small inconveniences, the result is much bigger once removed. To help make the job easier, Express.co.uk spoke to Cass Heaphy, digital director at Paving Direct to compile a step-by-step guide to help get your paving stones sparkling for spring. Start the routine off by getting rid of the debris cluttering the stones. READ MORE: How to clean your patio without a pressure washer   Even if it looks clear, there’s guaranteed to be dust and dirt not visible to the naked eye, and you’ll want a totally clear foundation to start the wash - or at least, as clean as you can get it. Leaves, twigs, bark, berries, conkers, acorns and beechnuts all risk leaving tannin staining on your patio if left for long periods of time. Mr Heaphy said: “Sweep or leaf blow your paving clear every week or so - like most things, prevention is easier than cure. “If you do find yourself with staining, then a water-based patio cleaner that actually lifts the dirt and grime out of the capillaries is a great option.”  Once the paving stones are clear of debris, you can then start on the wash.  Mr Heaphy said: “Concrete and block patios driveways are porous. “This makes the surface material susceptible to organic blemishes and growths such as black spots, algae and lichen, which enter the paving as microscopic spores. “This can lead them to germinate and grow rooted within the concrete’s capillaries.” To remove these growths, you can either use a specialist paving cleaning product or black spot and algae remover. Using a specialist cleaning product will help remove these deep-rooted issues faster while maintaining the quality of the stones.  DON'T MISS: Lawn care: Now is the ‘perfect time’ to ensure grass ‘thrives’ [INSIGHTHow to check your property's boundaries [EXPLAINED]How long is tulip season? How to make your tulips last longer [ANALYSIS]   However, soapy water and a sponge can also be an effective solution to scrub the stones up with. Make sure to scrub in between the stones, as these areas are the most prone to algae formulation. Once the patio is fully clean and dry, Mr Heaphy advises using a sealant. Sealants are a great product to preserve your stones and prevent further damage. Mr Heaphy said: “The solution to most of these issues is to enhance the protection of your paving with a sealant that protects the capillaries.” “This will stop water and other gunk getting into them, especially in high footfall areas like driveways.  He explained: “You can use a natural finish sealer, which leaves the paving looking as it was prior to sealing, or a colour enhancing sealant. “The sealant will reduce the porosity of the stone or concrete whilst still allowing it to breathe. “By sealing the capillaries, many of the inherent vulnerabilities of stone and concrete are significantly reduced. "If you seal your paving every couple of years, you will extend its lifetime and keep it looking in tip-top condition, saving you money in the long term.” Coatings on iron and steel garden furniture can often come abraded on the feet due to usual wear and tear. Mr Heaphy said: “Be aware that contact rust can occur on your paving. "The best solution is to re-coat the feet or store them in your shed or indoors during the winter to prevent it from staining your paving.” 