The Channel 5 series is based on the best-selling book titled The Holiday by TM Logan and stars Jill Halfpenny as Kate. The series, which began on Tuesday night, centres around Kate and her friends who are on vacation in Malta. However, viewers quickly realised that the holiday has not gone to plan for Kate as she suspects her husband Sean (played by Owen McDonnell) of cheating with their mutual friend Izzy (Cat Simmons). During the first few episodes, some dark secrets surfaced between the university friends, and Kate was unsure who she could trust. She also suspected Sean of cheating on her when she discovered text messages from another woman on his phone. Their single friend Izzy also let slip that she was relocating back to the UK and hinted she'd met a man, but it was "complicated". Kate was already suspicious of Izzy, although, when she saw her supposed pal and Sean talking intimately, her suspicions were confirmed. READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up During Thursday night's instalment, the jam-packed episode saw a number of dramatic events taking place. As Kate tried to celebrate her birthday with her friends, a sex video surfaced online of her daughter Lucy (Lara McDonnell). The clip was leaked by Jake (Shaun O’Callaghan Wade) to the entire family. Meanwhile, Jake started a huge fire in the forest, which is where Kate and Sean's son Daniel (Aidan McCann) was playing with Odette (Molly McCann). Towards the end of the episode, Kate and her friends ran frantically through the woods to make sure both children were safe. As they approached the fire, Izzy told Kate she'd left Lucy with the other kids in the fire. As she tried to run and help, Kate raged at her: "You stay away from my family." Izzy and Sean eventually found Daniel and they told him to run back to the house while they tried to find Odette. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [SPOILERS]Vera star opens up on filming first scene with Brenda Blethyn [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Ethan Anderson as he runs off with newcomer? [VIDEO] When they found Odette safe and sound, the episode ended with Kate looking over the cliff edge. As she peered over, she could see Izzy lying dead at the bottom. Did her love rival fall or was she pushed? As the episode came to a close, many viewers took to social media to share their thoughts about the cliffhanger. Many fans claimed to "switch off", while others branded the fire scene as "unrealistic". Victoria raged on Twitter: "#theholiday I'm ten minutes in and decided to go back to Married at First Sight.... it's all depressing." (sic) User @amevents simply wrote: "#TheHoliday I'm out!" "This is unbearable #TheHoliday," Dawn tweeted as Clodagh added: "Can't be a***ed with #theholiday anymore. All the characters are annoying." Other fans also picked fault within the plot, as Cam tweeted: "Most unconvincing bush fire I’ve ever seen." "I know it’s remote but you would think there would be at least one local around #TheHoliday," Bev commented. While Steve questioned why no one called the fire service. Despite the backlash, some fans loved the third instalment, with Lisa tweeting: "Really good acting but I’ve not a clue what’s going on." Janette praised: "#theholiday on @channel5_tv is getting really good." The Holiday concludes on Friday at 9pm on Channel 5.