Chelsea have been working on summer deals for both Jules Kounde and Raphinha but both moves have been halted by the uncertainty surrounding the future owners of the club. That's according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, who claims Thomas Tuchel is already beginning to think about his team for the season in a bid to close the gap between Manchester City and Liverpool. Chelsea want to beat the rush and are therefore keen to lay the groundwork for an impressive summer transfer window. With Andreas Christensen and potentially Antonio Rudiger and Cesar Azpilicueta heading for the exit door, the European champions need to plan ahead. Romano is adamant Chelsea have two names in their sights but Roman Abramovich's decision to sell the club will affect proceedings. He said on the Here We Go Podcast: "I want to mention two names, Chelsea were working before the story with selling the club. READ MORE: Man Utd star Marcus Rashford 'facing brutal England axe' by Gareth Southgate "One is Jules Kounde, he is still top of the list but they want to see what is next, what owner, what kind of budget they will have. "This is why they are not allowed to complete agreements until now. Jules Kounde is one and then Raphinha from Leeds. "It's not a negotiation, it's not like they are negotiating with Leeds. "The player is focused on Leeds and on the season, also because of relegation and there are a few clauses that could change the price. "Chelsea were just informed of the Raphinha situation, they were not negotiating with the player and Leeds." Kounde was the subject of a £42.5million offer from Chelsea last summer but the bid was rejected by Sevilla. Instead, Chelsea decided to persist with Trevoh Chalobah and Malang Sarr but Kounde will now fall back under consideration. The Frenchman wants to move to Stamford Bridge after being denied the opportunity to do so in 2021. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, the race for Raphinha is now hotting up with several Big Six Premier League clubs thought to be interested in a deal. Should the Whites fail to preserve their Premier League status under new boss Jesse Marsch, Raphinha has a relegation clause that will become active. The former Rennes and Sporting winger's value could then drop to just £20m - a bargain price for any interested parties. Chelsea are thought to have received up to 10 bids for the club following Abramovich's statement confirming the Blues are now for sale. VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ