Newcastle director Amanda Staveley has revealed her consortium was offered the chance to buy Chelsea just months prior to the deal which saw her become a key figure on Tyneside. It comes amid the news that Roman Abramovich is looking to sell the West London club.  Staveley, 48, initially submitted a failed bid to buy the Magpies in 2017. This was revisited in April 2020 although it fell through just three months later, with all hopes of a takeover seemingly over. But in October 2021 a deal was successfully brokered, giving Staveley a 10 per cent share of the club. Newcastle have now been tipped to become one of the world's best clubs in the coming years if they spend their windfall correctly.  But that could have been much different if Staveley had taken up an offer to complete the purchase of Chelsea - with the Ripon-born business guru speaking on the matter after Abramovich's statement that he wanted to sell the Blues on Wednesday night. 'We had the opportunity to look at Chelsea - a wonderful club - but there was only ever one club for us, Newcastle," Staveley said. "Once we'd left Newcastle we realised we needed to develop into a global brand so we needed a global partner. The wonderful PIF [Public Investment Fund] were engaged from day one. They work with us every day. "PIF is building a good relationship with the Premier League. When everyone got round the table, it happened. We look forward to working with co-clubs to show there is a separation (between state and PIF). "Mike (Ashley) ran the club very efficiently. But he was honest with the fans that he didn't have the money to invest. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  "He'd taken the view he needed to sell but we arrived with a different plan - to be a global brand and a global force." Staveley has since spent £90million on transfer alone in January following the takeover in October, with the signings of Bruno Guimaraes, Chris Wood, Kieran Trippier and Dan Burn. The club have seen a notable rise in form since then with four wins from five and no losses in six. If the Magpies are to stay up, there will likely be a huge transfer war chest to spend in the summer.  Jesse Lingard, Hugo Ekitike and Diego Carlos all came close to moves in the winter, and although nothing prevailed it is expected Newcastle will either make moves for their services or for players of a similar profile. Meanwhile, Chelsea's long-term future is up in the air after Abramovich made his intentions to sell the club well-known. UFC star Conor McGregor declared his interest in buying the world champions. The Irishman tweeted "I wish to explore this" in a statement on Twitter, although it is yet to be seen whether a deal for him to buy the club will come to fruition. 