Having first sung professionally in duets of Fall On Me with his father Andrea Bocelli, Matteo Bocelli has now embarked on his own solo career. The rising star has so far released three singles in Solo, Close and Dime/Dimmi. And now there’s more coming in a collaboration with someone huge. Matteo’s latest Instagram post was captioned: “Big announcement tomorrow!! Can’t wait!” The 24-year-old beamed in an accompanying video, saying: “So, there’s a big announcement for tomorrow. Years ago I wouldn’t have ever imagined such a big collaboration with an amazing artist that I really admire. And just tomorrow I’m going to reveal it to you, so you have to wait a little bit more, but soon it will be yours. See you!” Just who could it be? His father has teamed up with Ed Sheeran in recent years and Matteo has previously teased working on something with Gary Barlow – although that was a while ago. Whatever the case, fans won’t have to wait much longer to find out. In the meantime, the rising star has shared a clip from Rai Radio 2 of him performing Solo for fans to enjoy. Express.co.uk caught up with his father Andrea last year, who praised his son’s solo efforts ahead of his debut album release at some point later this year. DON'T MISSAndrea Bocelli’s son Matteo Bocelli releases new single Dime – WATCH [MUSIC VIDEO]Matteo Bocelli 'excited' but facing 'hard decision' over debut album [SOLO ALBUM]Andrea Bocelli’s son Matteo Bocelli performs on Kelly Clarkson – WATCH [MATTEO LIVE] Andrea told us: “Whatever the case, his father is very proud of him, telling Express.co.uk: “I believe that Matteo is identifying with more and more clarity his own style, according to his own personality and sensibilities. And I believe that his very promising single Solo shows that. As for duets, it is true that the song Fall On Me was a beautiful occasion that we have seized upon as a family, perhaps without truly thinking it through but with great enthusiasm. And the public appreciated the genuineness of the emotions involved. But I also think that my son has, today, wings strong enough to take flight by himself.”