Manchester United have been handed a boost in their pursuit of RB Leipzig star Christopher Nkunku as Bayern Munich have reportedly been priced out of a move. The Bundesliga giants are said to be monitoring the French forward, however, accept they won't be able to fund a deal unless they sell players first.  Nkunku has enjoyed a phenomenal season with Leipzig, netting 26 goals and registering 15 assists in across 39 appearances, including seven strikes in six Champions League outings. The 24-year-old's exploits this campaign haven't gone unnoticed as he's caught the eye of a number of top teams from across the continent. United have been the most heavily linked Premier League side as they appear set to continue their rebuild this summer. However, the Red Devils face stiff competition from elsewhere, with Leipzig's Bundesliga rivals Bayern Munich another side heavily touted to make a move for the forward. Despite their strong links, it seems Bayern have worked to do if they are to add Nkunku to their ranks this summer. According to BILD, the reigning Bundesliga champions are keen to add Nkunku to their forward line, but currently deem the player too expensive. READ MORE: Liverpool ace Henderson's brutal response to Maguire training error  It is thought Julian Nagelsmann's side will only seek to sign the Frenchman if they can sell players first. The German outlet reported earlier this month that United were keeping tabs on the forward's situation ahead of the summer, with their interest in Nkunku said to be 'very hot'. The Red Devils' continued links to Nkunku are of little surprise given his recent exploits but also because his relationship with the current interim manager at Old Trafford, Ralf Rangnick. While under employment at Leipzig, the German coach plucked Nkunku from Paris Saint-Germain back in 2019, on a free transfer. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  The 63-year-old is understood to be a huge fan of Nkunku and has encouraged United to consider snapping up the attacker at the end of the season. The forward's current deal expires in 2024 and it will reportedly take a fee in the region of £63million to prise him away from Leipzig. It comes as little surprise that Bayern are also in for Nkunku given they are coached by another former Leipzig man, too. Nagelsmann spent two seasons with Die Roten Bullen prior to his Munich move last summer and play a key role in Nkunku's emergence as one of Europe's brightest stars. 