Mark Dyer was able to celebrate his 55th birthday at home, following a six-week hospital stay. He was undergoing surgery to treat a cancer diagnosis. Mr Dyer has been a long-term fixture in Prince Harry’s life, considered to be a member of the Duke’s innermost circle. Mr Dyer is a former Welsh Guards officer and Royal Equerry, known as Marko to close friends and family. In a picture posted on social media by television presenter Natalie Pinkham, Mr Dyer appears overjoyed to be back in his own home after the hospital stay. He beamed next to his wife Amanda, Ms Pinkham and her husband, Owain Walbyoff. Ms Pinkham posted on Instagram that Mr Dyer’s return brought them all “pure joy”. She said: “GOOD NEWS ALERT!! “After 14 hours of Cancer surgery and 6 weeks in hospital (with strictly no visitors) our great mate Marko Dyer was allowed home yesterday in time to celebrate his birthday with his gorgeous wife Amanda, 2 kids and us today. “PURE JOY!!” READ MORE: Meghan's 4-word reply to Charles after offer to walk her down aisle Mr Dyer has always held a prominent position in the Duke’s life. Back in 2014, royal expert Penny Junor called Mr Dyer “one of the few people who talks some sense into (Prince Harry) at times”. As a senior attendant to Prince Charles, he had frequent contact with the Prince of Wales’ son through the years. He was an additional father figure to young Harry, and accompanied him on his gap year. DON'T MISS: Kate and William tipped to move to Windsor - inside Fort Belvedere [INSIGHT] Royal Family LIVE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen [LIVE] Royal Family: Prince's Harry and Meghan anguish exposed [REVEAL] They traveled across the world together, hopping from Australia to Argentina and Lesotho, according to HELLO! magazine. Reports suggest the Duke of Sussex maintains close contact with Mr Dyer, and the pair will see one another whenever Prince Harry makes the trip back across the pond from America to the UK. And when Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, welcomed their first child back in 2019, it was suggested that Mr Dyer was named one of Archie Harrison’s godparents. In a Sunday Times article from January 2020, it was reported that Mr Dyer was one of young Archie’s godparents alongside Tiggy Pettifer, who looked after both the Duke of Sussex and Prince William as children. She cared for the young princes in 1993, following Prince Charles’ split from Diana, Princess of Wales. She has referred to the Dukes of Sussex and Cambridge as “my babies” in the past. However, a Buckingham Palace statement from July 2019 stated that the Royal Family were to keep Archie’s godparents a secret, “in keeping with their wishes”.