Type 2 diabetes is a chronic condition characterised by poor insulin production and high blood sugar levels. Poor lifestyle decisions can give rise to this bodily dysfunction, but the reverse is also true: improving your lifestyle can put it into remission. To effectively reverse type 2 diabetes, TV's Doctor Michael Mosley recommends the "Shake N Soup" diet. "The Government is currently trialling the Shake N Soup diet, which is based on the work of Professor Roy Taylor of Newcastle University," he explained on ITV's This Morning. Professor Taylor showed that you could "reverse type 2 diabetes and put it into remission by using this approach", Doctor Mosley said. "It is about 800-900 calories. It's got more protein, it's got all the right ingredients in it and it seems to be very effective," he explained. And because Prof Taylor compared it to a standard diet when he did a big trial, the people who were on the rapid weight loss diet lost more weight but also had less side effects than the group who went on the standard diet. READ MORE: Diabetes: The dark green drink that ‘significantly' lowers blood sugar within 120 minutes The impact of the diet, which has been rolled out as part of an NHS initiative, is already being felt across Britain. Over 2,000 people with type 2 diabetes have now improved their health through the NHS soups and shakes diet programme – with participants losing an average of 13kg (over two stone) in three months. Early data from the NHS programme shows participants each lose 7.2kg (over one stone) on average after one month, and 13.4kg (over two stone) after three months. Data also shows that people on the programme who are eating and drinking the low calorie alternatives not only lose weight but keep it off over time. These real-world findings are a significant step forward and come after trials showed that around half of people who had similar weight loss were able to achieve remission of their type 2 diabetes after one year.  DON'T MISSPhil Collins health: The star's 'frail' look explained [INSIGHT]Coronavirus: Study finds link between vaccine and 'serious' side effect [TIPSDiabetes symptoms: The 'feeling' at night warning of high blood sugar [ADVICE] These real-world findings are a significant step forward and come after trials showed that around half of people who had similar weight loss were able to achieve remission of their type 2 diabetes after one year. The year-long programme, which is fully supported and monitored by expert clinicians and coaches throughout, kickstarts weight loss through low calorie, diet replacement products such as shakes and soups for the first three months. After this, a carefully managed plan reintroduces healthy, nutritious food and participants can track their progress through virtual one-to-ones, group sessions and digital support – to help them maintain a healthier weight. Professor Jonathan Valabhji, NHS national clinical director for diabetes and obesity said: “The fantastic results our participants have achieved through this programme are really encouraging, and show that real-world experience is in line with what we have found in trials. We know this weight loss will go a long way to help people stay well and avoid preventable illness, and for many will also mean they can put type 2 diabetes into remission." Professor Valabhji added: "This is also the latest example of the NHS rapidly adopting the latest evidence-based treatments to help people with type 2 diabetes live well. With research showing that obesity causes more severe illness from COVID-19, as well as other serious diseases, there has never been a more important time to lose weight." Testimonials add further validation to the diet. Karen Bradbury, aged 50 from Derbyshire, started the programme around a year ago. She said: “I have battled with my weight on and off over the years and was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. I was told by my nurse that if my levels hadn’t reduced significantly by my next review, I’d be put on daily medication and I really didn’t want that. “Since being on the low calorie diet programme, I have felt totally supported by the practitioners and all the tools available. I’ve learnt loads about type 2 diabetes and how to manage stress and habits with food. “I feel so much healthier. I have lost five stone 3.5 lbs and my blood sugar levels have nearly halved – which meant I didn’t have to start medication! My energy levels have increased substantially, and I am now swimming three to four times a week and walking every day. “I used to wake up to 10 times a night to use the bathroom, I was thirsty all the time, exhausted and generally felt unwell. Now I sleep soundly all night and feel less tired during the day. My mental health has also improved. I feel better and I’m living better for me and my children. I’m so grateful that I was offered this opportunity”. Another successful participant is Nadeem Akhtar, 49 from Sheffield, who has lost more than three stones since starting the programme and has put his type 2 diabetes into remission. He said: “I lost my mum to diabetes, which was devastating. It really showed me just how destructive this disease can be and I really didn’t want to go down the same path. “Being on the plan is the best thing I’ve ever done for myself and my family. It was hard at first, but my health coach was so understanding and really helped me through the difficult times and keep up healthier habits. Now, I feel so much better in myself and I would recommend the programme to anyone”. The NHS low calorie diet programme was extended to a further 11 areas in January: