Harry Kane has been told "the joke is over" at Tottenham and he must move on for the sake of his career. Kane wanted to leave Tottenham last summer but Spurs chairman Daniel Levy refused to let him leave. Manchester City were keen on signing the England captain but did not make an offer Levy deemed acceptable. Kane struggled at the start of this season after failing to get his move to City. But the 28-year-old's form has picked up dramatically in recent weeks. He has scored six goals in his last five Premier League appearances. But Spurs are set for another trophyless season after crashing out of the FA Cup to Championship side Middlesbrough. Former Aston Villa captain Gabriel Agbonlahor has given a brutal verdict on Kane's career to date. READ MORE: Arsenal told the three signings they need to compete with Man City and Liverpool  He says Kane must leave as soon as he can and has backed a move to Manchester United if City are looking elsewhere this summer. Agbonlahor said on talkSPORT: "You've got to go. I think the joke's over now. He's given them so much, Harry Kane. "This season as well, he stayed, nowhere near winning a trophy, nowhere near getting top four. He's going to be 30 before you know it and he's going to be one of those players that should have gone to a big club, stayed at Spurs. "If I was him I would 100 per cent go to Man City if they still want him because [Erling] Haaland's available in the summer. If Manchester United can get the proper manager in, go to Manchester United." United need to appoint a permanent manager in the summer. Interim boss Ralf Rangnick is set to move upstairs into a consultancy role at the end of the season. DON'T MISSRalf Rangnick urged to drop three 'broken' Man Utd stars for Atletico Madrid clash [QUOTES]Man Utd boss Ralf Rangnick's XI to beat Atletico Madrid as five changes expected [TEAM NEWS]Four managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis [OPINION] Kane's former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino is one of the leading candidates for the role. Pochettino's future at Paris Saint-Germain is in doubt following their Champions League exit to Real Madrid last week. But Agbonlahor says the Red Devils should be looking elsewhere. Asked who would be the right manager, Agbonlaor said: "It's not Pochettino. I don't understand why people keep saying Pochettino. "Look at the squad of players he's got at PSG - nowhere near [winning] the Champions League. I don't see him coming to Manchester United. No I don't [rate him]. What's he done to rate?"  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here