The bulldog-type pup, now called Chance, was found by a dog walker in a bush in Kirkdale Cemetery in Liverpool on February 6. The emaciated animal was rushed to the RSPCA's Greater Manchester Animal Hospital for urgent treatment. Chance underwent an operation to correct one of his deformed legs before being moved to the charity's Wirral and Chester branch where the centre's manager Kay Hawthorn fell in love with him. Ms Hawthorn decided to adopt the three-month-old pup and he is now settling into his new home with her four other dogs. She said: “I just fell in love with him and he gets on so well with my other dogs I decided to give him a home and he has settled in so well. “He was found dumped in a bush and couldn’t move and was absolutely terrified. "He was curled up in a ball in the hospital and was reluctant to move, which we often find with dogs who have been dumped because clearly they are just so frightened. "He was also found to be in an emaciated body condition, with a body score of 1 out of 9 - 1 being the lowest - and had flakey skin. “But within two weeks in my care he has almost doubled his weight to 8.2 kilos and his skin condition has been treated. “Last week he went back to Greater Manchester Animal Hospital for a check up on his leg which he had the operation on and it has now corrected itself. READ MORE: Scared and dirty dog cruelly dumped in cage on side of road “They were going to operate on the other leg but due to the good diet he has been on it has helped it to straighten naturally and he is now walking and running around so well.” Lucky Chance is loving his new family which includes 11-year-old German Shepherd Eva, 18-year-old Shih Tzu Bertie, 12-year-old cross-breed terrier Maise, and four-year-old Shih Tzu Toots. Ms Hawthorn added: “Chance enjoys playing with his football and is full of energy but loves cuddling up with the others and with me when he isn’t as busy.” DON'T MISSUnwanted rescue dog still waiting for home after 500 days in kennels [INSIGHT]Animal abusers to face £5,000 fines under strict new welfare law [ANALYSIS]RSPCA in desperate bid to find homes after gerbils had SIXTY babies [PICTURES] The RSPCA believes the tiny pup was "thrown away like a piece of rubbish" by a breeder because they would not be able to sell him due to his deformities. inspector Jo McDonald said: “The poor pup was obviously really scared and I am just so grateful the dog walker found him. "Chance was left alone in a bush and would have died from a terrifying death from starvation if he had not been found. “I fear the person who had this pup may have been a dog breeder and when they saw these deformities and realised it would cost money to have the pet treated, callously decided to throw him away like a piece of rubbish and left him frightened and alone. “I am so pleased he is enjoying life in his new home Kay who will spoil him with all the love and attention he needs.” Anyone with information should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018. 