The hormonal changes a woman experiences usually in their 40s and 50s can result in weight gain around the abdomen. Ageing, lifestyle and genetic factors also play a part in ladies putting on weight later in life but Pippa Campbell believes there is another reason for ones metabolism to slow down. Express.co.uk spoke to the nutritionist and metabolic balance coach about the possible correlation between menopause and weight gain and how it can be tackled in a safe and healthy way without crash diets. perimenopause and menopausaul women. “So it's interesting because we want our hormones to be in balance. “Too little hormone can cause weight gain, and too much hormone can cause weight gain. “So you might have somebody who's always been oestrogen dominant because we've had too much oestrogen or perhaps just too much oestrogen in relation to progesterone and that's why they couldn't lose. “Then they go into menopause and they've got too little oestrogen and oestrogen helps us regulate our insulin so then we can come more insulin resistance is like oh my god, then they're gaining weight. READ MORE: Rebel Wilson weight loss: Exercise which saw star shed 5.5st “And I see women going on HRT and gaining weight, because then it's oestrogen dominance again. “So it's really important to understand hormones because too little of something or too much of something can both cause weight gain, particularly with oestrogen - that can be a real problem,” she added. Pippa went onto discuss whether metabolism really does slow down with age. She revealed: “The thing is, is that we could blame just getting older but normally there will be a reason why their metabolism is slowing down. We shouldn't just accept ageing for that. “So we do need to understand, is there a thyroid issue? Is there an insulin issue? DON'T MISS...Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [NEWS]Camilla’s engagement ring provided 'strong connection' to Royal Family [STYLE]Orchid care: How to get an orchid to re-flower ‘regularly’ [EXCLUSIVE] “Unfortunately, as we get older, we cannot tolerate the carbohydrates that we used to. “It can become harder for us to metabolise those carbohydrates. We do need to look at reducing those carbohydrates. “But diet is the main thing, but exercise is also really important. People have to realise you cannot out exercise a bad diet. “And that is really key because I see women coming to us and saying 'I'm putting on weight and yet I'm exercising more and more and more!' “Well, actually, sometimes what's happening, they're even over exercising, putting stress on their body and actually gaining fat sometimes because they're stressed out,” Pippa explained. In terms of diet, Pippa advised against strict calorie counting, rapid weight loss diets, and cutting out food groups. “As soon as people start thinking calories, I think that's where people are not focusing on the nutrition in the food,” she said. “So I'm not saying calories don't count, I'm not saying that, portion control is super important. “But really what I would want people to be thinking about is trying to just get out the chips and the biscuits and think about the nutrition in your food, think about protein, thinking about 'is half your plate filled with vegetables?' “If you become bogged down with calories, that's when people start thinking 'I'll do SlimFast or Cambridge Diet', whether it's a keto or fasting or under 1,000 calories, that is focusing too much on a thing that people are doing. “[Instead] listening to their body, 'do they feel better when they eat more protein? Is their skin benefiting when they eat more vegetables?’” Pippa continued: “I think food is medicine. “There's a reason why all these foods exist, protein gives us energy to help us boost the metabolism and lose weight. Now that's not the main reason for protein. But these amino acids in proteins are like the building blocks of our body. “So we're not making this stuff up - there's a reason why we should be eating these foods. “Whereas a biscuit doesn't do anything, it doesn't provide anything. “So forget the calories, I think just focusing more on the nutrients in the food is key.” You can find out more about the services and programmes Pippa Campbell Health provide via their webiste.