Your blood pressure may rise and drop throughout the day. However, hypertension is different. It describes the long-term force of your blood against your artery walls that is high enough to trigger health problems. These can vary from heart attacks to stroke. Due to these risks, many are prescribed drugs to help them control their reading. High blood pressure targets about one third of Britons, according to the NHS. Dubbed as a silent condition, it doesn’t cause many symptoms. This means that many might not be aware of having this diagnosis. However, once you get a confirmation of high blood pressure, it’s important to make sure your levels exit the red zone. This can be done through lifestyle changes and medication. Now, two types of hypertension drugs are being voluntarily recalled by Macleod Pharmaceuticals. READ MORE: High cholesterol: The three early warning symptoms found on your hands – signs to spot The company has a presence across different countries, including the UK. The high blood pressure medication in question is amlodipine and olmesartan medoxomil tablets. The drugs were recalled due to deviations from standard manufacturing protocols, according to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The recall was a class II which means that using or being exposed to the drug could cause temporary or medically reversible adverse health consequences, or the probability of serious adverse consequences is remote. The nationwide recall was issued by the New Jersey-based part of the Indian drug-making company for 3,672 bottles of the medicine. The high blood pressure products were manufactured by an India-based Macleods production plant and distributed in America through Macleods Pharma USA. The specifics of the manufacturing issues haven’t been disclosed in the report. Both amlodipine and olmesartan are being prescribed to patients by the NHS. However, a UK-specific batch recall hasn’t been announced. The recall was posted on the FDA website. The last time there was a blood pressure medicine recall in the UK last summer, The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) advised people to keep taking the medication. They explained that suddenly stopping the use of hypertension drugs “can be risky” and patients should continue with the treatment until consulting their doctor. This is advice similar to the NHS that shared: “If you do get side effects, do not stop taking your medicine. “Talk to your doctor, who may advise changing your medicine.” There are many different types of blood pressure drugs prescribed in the UK. Some people even might take combinations of different tablets. “It's really important to take your medicine as directed. If you miss doses, it will not work as well,” concluded the NHS.