Laura told her 208,000 Instagram followers on Monday that she was wondering what could have been when she picked up her niece from school and watched parents with their children - some of whom Laura had gone to school with herself. The Great British Bake Off star has revealed that she had tried for a baby with her husband, Matt, in the past but they had struggled to conceive. On Instagram stories, she was searingly honest about her feelings. She wrote: “I did feel a little bit sad today seeing people I went to school with picking up their kids from the same school as my niece, thinking that could have/should have been me. “But I’m trying not to dwell on it. The 32-year-old was also feeling grateful. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award She added: “I’m very lucky in many other ways.” The baker also wrote in a follow-up story: “Sorry, wasn’t planning on sharing that. “Guess it’s really on my mind. “I don’t really think about it any more to be honest, but some days, out of nowhere it just comes and slaps you in the face. “Like the other day, I was clearing out under the bed and found a baby grow we bought about six years [ago] from Tesco when we first started trying. “I held it to my chest and started sobbing uncontrollably. “I have no idea what to do with it now.” DON’T MISS:Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project [NEWS] Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [PICTURES] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [INSIGHT] Laura continued: “Anyway, no use dwelling on it. “Like I said, I’m lucky in other ways and I’m grateful to have my Niece’s and Nephew’s.” (sic) In 2020, Laura told the Daily Mail that she had considered undergoing bariatric surgery as doctors had told her losing weight would help her conceive. She said: “I came close to doing it. Very close. Matt was supportive but said it had to be my decision. “In the end, I couldn’t do it. I just felt I needed to get my head sorted out before I got my stomach stapled. “For me, I feel that eating is more of a psychological issue. Physically changing my stomach size wasn’t going to be the answer.”