The Ukrainian President addressed France’s parliament yesterday, on Wednesday, the eve of the one-month anniversary of Russia’s invasion of his country. He called on French businesses to do more to hurt Vladimir Putin, in an attempt to reign in his forces. A live translation of the address, which was made via video link, had Mr Zelensky telling French lawmakers in no uncertain terms: “French companies must quit the Russian market. “Renault, Auchan, Leroy Merlin and others must stop being the sponsors of Russia’s war machine. “They must stop financing the murder of children and women; the rape.” This has produced a furious response from some politicians who have condemned the invasion of Ukraine but likewise believe this to be an assault on Ukraine, not France, which should resist becoming too involved. Presidential candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan told LCP reporters there must be a limit to how far France counters Russia over the invasion. He said: “Zelensky wants to drag France into the war. I believe that France should not send fighters there. “I regret the absence of a ‘peace offer’ in the Ukrainian President's speech.” Les Patriotes party leader Florian Philippot also fumed at “the way the Ukrainian authorities are dragging French companies through the mud”, which he described as “unworthy”. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Boris hit with major Biden trade deal snub He urged Emmanuel Macron: “The French Government must defend the honour and the workers of these companies. Or else it will have to assume thousands of new French unemployed!” Also on Wednesday, Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kouleba piled on the pressure against French business, calling for a “boycott” on Renault over its “refusal to leave Russia”. The French car manufacturer later bowed, announcing a suspension of the “activities of the Renault factory in Moscow”. But Joffrey Bollée, also from the Les Patriotes party, described the demand as “totally inappropriate” and the later capitulation as a sign of “weakness”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] He wrote in a post on Twitter: “This worldwide call for a boycott of a French company (in which the State is a shareholder) is crazy! “Why the aggressiveness when France is already sacrificing so much in the field of sanctions against Russia?” In another, he added: “In Russia, French companies manufacture cars and open supermarkets. They are not arms factories! “Ukraine's demands are totally inappropriate and giving in to them is a new and humiliating illustration of our weakness.” Generation Frexit leader Charles-Henri Gallois also suggested the move was pointless when set aside the continued engagement with Russia by other European powers. He pointed to “the hypocrisy of suspending Renault operations in Russia out of political pressure while Germany continues to import Russian gas”. In the UK, questions have been raised over the damage inflicted at home by measures enacted against Moscow. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss last month warned: “The UK and our allies will have to undergo some economic hardship as a result of our sanctions.” But she added these were “nothing compared to those endured by the people of Ukraine”. Additional reporting by Maria Ortega.