Research carried out by Airtasker has revealed that women could be earning an extra £8,724 extra per year from unpaid or side work they do. Around the world, women are 40 percent more likely to spend their time doing unpaid work than their male counterparts, according to a Government report. Following International Women’s Day earlier this week, many are speaking out about how they have boosted their finances by making surprising career changes. One woman, Chersty, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk about how monetising housework allowed her to become £34,000 richer over a couple of years. Prior to pursuing a career change as a cleaner, Chersty was a qualified dental technician who found it difficult to manage her work/life balance. Specifically, she found she could not enjoy much needed quality time with her three children due to stressful hours. However in 2018, she was recommended to join Airtasker after her daughter saw an advertisement for the app on the train.  READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  Airtasker is a service which allows workers to advertise their operations online and compete for well-paid jobs. With 260 five-star reviews under her belt and an extra £34,000 in earnings since joining in 2018, Chresty has had more time for herself and family. On why she decided to change jobs, she explained: “The reason why I process through AirTasker is because I was struggling with my previous job. I had to pay a lot of childcare as I was working from 9am to 5pm.  “My daughter just came across (the advert) in the tube station and she told me something that I might be interested in.” Originally underselling her starting price after joining the side hustle app, Chresty found she was getting more and more clients right, left and centre. Pretty soon, she set her personal standard asking price for any job for any job she would go for as £15 per hour. On the Airtasker app, posters will advertise jobs they want done and workers will bid for the work based on their services and how much they want to get paid for the job. While the experience is doubt competitive, Chresty has been able to become significantly richer and have greater autonomy over the way she operates as a working professional. She added: “It's really fun because I choose when I work, the time that I want to work and if I don't want to work. If I don't want to, I don't. Simple as that.” “Some of them are clients that took me on through AirTasker. If I can't make it, I can send my assistant to go and I will be supervising. “Or I can just go check when they're done with my team so it's very flexible. “That way at least you can have the help you need and you can move forward and do more, fun things.” “It's really fun because I choose when I work, the time that I want to work and if I don't want to work. If I don't want to, I don't. Simple as that.”