Nick Ferrari raged on This Morning about MPs voting for defence cuts while welcoming President Zelensky with a standing ovation when he addressed the House of Commons earlier this week.  The rant, echoed during his LBC breakfast show, skewered the UK Government as the Ukraine conflict ramps up and Russia becomes more aggressive to Western nations amid crippling sanctions. Mr Ferrari explained only 82,000 active troops are in the British Army and said the figure was the same capacity as Twickenham Stadium. Mr Ferrari appeared on ITV to discuss the Ukrainian crisis and was angry at the UK's defence cuts. He said: "What stuck in my craw a little bit, notwithstanding the bravery and the tone that President Zelensky said. "Many of those politicians who then took to their feet to give him a standing ovation have consistently voted for defence cuts or denied additional aid to the United Kingdom military budget. "Which is why we now have an army of 82,000 which you could safely fit inside Twickenham rugby stadium. "And although we are supplying missiles and all sorts of other weaponry and kit, we need to supply more and we don't have enough of it. "So many of those MPs... need to look to themselves as they gave that standing ovation because we don't have enough to give Ukrainians in their hour of need." Mr Ferrari made a similar point on his breakfast show and said: "Let's look at the military side and those MPs and I don't want to take anything away from President Zelensky, his address, and it was deserving of a standing ovation. "But I wonder how some of those MPs feel, because they are the ones who have consistently voted against increased defence spending or for defence cuts, as we just heard. "The army now is at 82,000, that's Twickenham Stadium... again, I'm not for one moment denuding the brave blokes and women who serve in it. "But we now are paying the price for this extraordinarily lackadaisical, misguided, muddled thinking by many of those MPs... who every chance they can they cut our defence budget." The latest figures released by the Government in October 2021 say there are 82,040 active personnel in the British Army with 29,740 reserves. The UK Government aimed to reduce the number of soldiers in the Army by 2025. Plans say they hoped to have 72,500 soldiers by 2025 as they argue warfare has changed.  European countries have pledged further defence spending with German chancellor Olaf Scholz announcing £83.6billion additional military spending/ It comes as four British soldiers have fled to Ukraine to fight there as the Ministry of Defence scrambles to bring them back before they land. The Government fears the involvement of the men, one of which is a Queen's Guard, may spark direct conflict with Russia who could claim the British Army is attacking Russian forces. UK volunteers have gone over to the country to help in the Ukraine foreign legion but range from former servicemen to those with no combat experience at all. DON'T MISSPriti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' in attack over Calais chaos [REPORT]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [EXPLAINER]UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion and defeat Putin [ANALYSIS]  Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she would support UK citizens going over to Ukraine to help out but the Government has sought to put down the comments. Currently, UK travel advice says people should not go to Ukraine with Defence Secretary Ben Wallace telling Sky News the volunteers could cause more damage than aid. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps told UK airports that Russian aircraft were not allowed to land there His letter states: "The aviation sector is fundamental to connectivity and international trade and we must play our part in restricting Russia's economic interests and holding the Russian government to account. "Please note that non-compliance may give rise to a criminal offence."  