If you’re just getting into crystals, it can be confusing to know which crystals to buy. Beginners should start with the crystal most suited to their star sign. Express.co.uk chatted to the wellness experts at BWell CBD to find out how crystal healing could benefit each sign and which crystal is best for each sign. With an ambitious and assertive nature, Aries’ are natural leaders who take a direct approach. Aries is the first sign in the zodiac, so Aries people are real pioneers who don’t like to sit still. The naturally high-energy sign is perfectly complimented by stones that keep their fire fueled, maintaining their lively personality traits and keeping spirits up. Try red jasper for vitality and the prevention of energetic depletion, carnelian to enhance your passion and courage, or citrine to promote manifestation and abundance. Known for their intelligence, earthy Taureans value honesty incredibly highly and make great friends. However, the reliable, patient and humble sign also shows sides of stubbornness and hard-headedness. So, Taureans will benefit from crystals that turn negative energy into clarity so they can approach situations in a more positive manner. Why not get your hands on some amazonite to help calm the mind from unproductive thoughts? Or, Taureans will love selenite for clarity and positivity and smoky quartz to detoxify negative energy and promote grounding. READ MORE- Horoscopes: Your weekly horoscope - what do the stars have in store? With an outgoing, intelligent, and impulsive nature, Gemini tends to be the social butterfly of the zodiac. This chatty air sign loves being surrounded by people but is characterised by duality, mood changes and being ‘all or nothing’. Best crystals for Gemini, therefore, focus on balance and provide a more positive mindset. Geminis should try shungite (to reduce stress and enhance optimism), Amazonite (to quell anxiety and unnecessary worry) and Tiger's Eye (to bring balance to opposing views and thoughts). This sign tends to be great in a relationship, being incredibly loyal, highly emotional and very caring. The water sign is sensitive on all levels, so will benefit from stones that enhance their psychic abilities to protect their energy. Cancerians should try using selenite (eliminates negative attachments to the aura), labradorite (enhances psychic intuition) and red jasper (enhances emotional stamina and memory). Leo constantly gives so much energy to others, is a big presence in a room and is known for their generosity and respect. For this reason, it is important that they work with crystals that keep them energised and grounded, enhancing their self-love and empathetic characteristics to maintain their high energy levels. Leos will benefit from tiger’s eye (for energetic support and enhanced creativity), rose quartz (for self-acceptance and empathy) and garnet (for strength and confidence). The earth sign faces an ongoing battle between chaos and order, making it an energy-draining process as they weigh up their thoughts with practicalities. Being perfectionists, Virgos benefit from crystals which balance them out and bring out their positivity. Amazonite is the perfect stone for Virgo because it creates balance and helps them connect their inner and outer self. Amethyst is another stone that will benefit this sign because it encourages light and positive energy, and Fluorite will eliminate unproductive thinking and promote positivity. DON'T MISS...Horoscope: Pisces warned of upcoming 'terrible conflict' - 'be brave' [INFORMER]Horoscopes & love: Gemini urged to ‘go with the flow’ [INSIGHT]Horoscope & love: Virgo’s set for ‘dreams to come true’ this week [EXPLAINER] Libras thrive on fun, laughter, and adventure, being their happiest when they are surrounded by those they care about. Because they seek balance in every area of life, they should work with crystals that help them feel secure. For example, tiger’s eye (helps connect the inner and outer self), amethyst (encourages clarity and spiritual guidance) or bloodstone (enhances courage, bravery, and decisiveness). Scorpios are driven, focused, and sensitive people so should be paired with crystals that help them support and balance their energy. With the water sign struggling to forget, they can be known to hold a grudge so the addition of the right stones can help create harmony. Pink tourmaline will encourage soft, gentle, and soothing energy, while amethyst will enhance clarity and spiritual guidance. You could also try the K2 stone which promotes balance and harmony in all aspects of life. Sagittarius loves to explore and go on adventures and thrives on travel and new experiences. Loving anything that enables freedom, they benefit from working with crystals that can replenish their energy while keeping it protected. For example, lepidolite (brings balance and encourages stillness), Smoky Quartz (transforms negative energy into positive) and shungite (reduces stress and promotes grounding). Known for being fearless and highly intellectual, Capricorns surround themselves with a few close friends that make them feel supported. Because they tend to be hard on themselves, they should work on crystals that encourage self-acceptance and grounding, growing their confidence to bring out their best side. For example, Rose Quartz (promotes self-love and reduces stress), Garnet (offers strength, courage, and confidence to succeed) and Smoky Quartz (grounding and detoxifying for the energy field).