There is good news for Ted Lasso fans as actress Ellie Taylor has given an update on season three. The star was welcomed onto BBC's The One Show on Wednesday evening and it wasn’t long before she started talking about the Apple TV Plus comedy.    Ellie was on the BBC show to chat about her new book My Child And Other Mistakes. However, hosts Jermaine Jenas and Alex Jones couldn’t help quizzing her about Ted Lasso and its enormous success. Jermaine confessed he’s a big fan of the football-themed comedy series and made it clear he was keen to see more. The presenter said: “You starred in a show that I absolutely love, Ted Lasso, which is still available on Apple TV Plus. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?  “Have you started filming the new series yet? Because I’m desperate for the new series obviously,” he remarked. Ellie excitedly confirmed production has already begun on the next batch of Ted Lasso episodes: “The third series is underway!” Eager to hear more, Jermaine asked about Ellie’s character on the show. He questioned: “You play Sassy Collins don’t you? The character is really interesting isn’t it?”   Enthusing about her Ted Lasso role, Ellie remarked: “Oh she’s a really fun character. “She’s really exactly what her name suggests - she’s really sassy! “I get to say very brilliantly written gorgeous little soundbites. It’s an absolute gift of a part. “I feel very lucky, very lucky,” the actress added. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Kerry Wyatt as Amelia runs away? [SPOILERS]Antiques Road Trip's Tim Wonnacott staggered by tea set's profit [WATCH]‘Not realistic at all!’ Our House viewers fume over ‘plot hole’ [MUST SEE]  Ellie isn’t the only star returning for the third season of the Apple TV Plus comedy. American actor and comedian Jason Sudeikis will be back in the titular role. Brett Goldstein and Juno Temple are also returning as the iconic power couple Roy Kent and Keeley Jones. Also coming back for the third season is Hannah Waddingham who last year won an Emmy Award for her role in the show.   Apple TV confirmed season three is in the works as they updated fans on Twitter. The Tweet teased: “New season. New kits. @TedLasso Season 3 has started production.” However, the streaming service has yet to confirm a release date for the new episodes. Ted Lasso seasons 1 and 2 are available on Apple TV+. 