Former world No 31 Leif Shiras has suggested that Emma Raducanu could benefit from Serena Williams no longer dominating women's tennis by winning a second Grand Slam title in the near future. Raducanu has emerged as one of the sport's hottest prospects over the last 12 months after experiencing a rapid rise to stardom in the months since making her Wimbledon debut at last year's edition of the tournament. The young Brit was forced to withdraw in the fourth round at the All England Club with a medical issue but went on to fight back in style at the US Open.She became the first qualifier to ever win the tournament after progressing through every single round without dropping a set, bringing on a new wave of fame and worldwide recognition.Raducanu has since been tipped to earn a place among the world's very best players if she manages to continue her development on an upward trajectory over the next few years.The 19-year-old was unable to replicate her Grand Slam-winning exploits at this year's Australian Open after crashing out in the second round at the hands of Danka Kovinic.However, she will be looking to produce an improved showing at the next opportunity when the French Open gets underway in May. JUST IN: Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic discover Indian Wells draw fate Shiras is adamant that Raducanu will receive plenty of chances to win additional silverware in the near future if Williams continues to decline as she nears the end of her glittering career in the sport."I think there are a lot of players who can be favoured at Majors and there's no reason why Emma can't do the same," Shiras told Sky Sports."Is it going to be a rough road? Yes, it will be, because there's a lot of experienced players and they all want to get a piece of the action, it's going to be competitive."But she's done it before, I think she has a taste of what she can do and the game is not dominated as much by Serena Williams at the top of the game. "Ashleigh Barty is playing dominant tennis to some degree, yes, but I think it's a different level from what Serena delivered."I do think there are opportunities for a number of women, including Emma, to win a second Major."Shiras went on to insist that although Raducanu is undoubtedly a star in the world of tennis, she will need to get used to life as a high-profile player before she is able to reach the heights that many fans and pundits are expecting from her."I know in the States we've embraced her in a big way, I think she's a sensation and that's the sense I get from everyone around me," he added. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE "They're always asking about Emma: 'What is she up to? Where is she playing next?'. [But] I think there's got to be an element of patience in watching her develop."It's all so new to her, right? She hasn't played that much on the WTA. Most of the events she plays will be new to her, she's off on a great adventure."She's had a huge start, she's got tremendous support. People who aren't tennis fans but sports fans will say: 'Okay, well, Emma's going to win the Calendar Slam!'"But it just isn't that easy and for a young player like her there's going to be pressure. She's under the microscope now."