Joining presenter Ben Shephard on the ITV show were four new hopefuls looking to strike it lucky and take home the jackpot. Contestants Bradley, Chris, Esme and Pam competed against each other, with Bradley looking like the clear favourite from round one. Bradley scored big from the starting block and, apart from a mild mid-show wobble, played a great game. Three of the four contestants had a positive start to the game show. It was Chris who the machine was against, with him scoring zero in round one and leaving the show very early on. Pam was an easy second, but Esme jumped ahead of the winner in round three. Ben even applauded Esme's strong question round securing six counters but was leapfrogged at the last point due to passing questions to Bradley. Read More: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi Franklin blames her for losing baby?  With the jackpot coin in drop zone one, the remainder of the show just went Bradley's way, leaving him "lost for words". The final round of questions seemed to panda to Bradley's guesses with him, starting most of his answers during the speciality round with, "I'm not really sure". With his correct answers, he managed to secure an impressive £3,550 and with counters from the fourth special question leaving the coin "over the edge" as Ben said, it was looking like an easy win. Despite a hairy moment when one coin didn't make a dent on the counters, it just took one token that "hammered" down to push the jackpot counter over.   Ben pointed out that he only needed "half a counter" with the jackpot coins position to win. Once winning, Ben hugged the contestant as the stunned Bradley said: "I'm lost for words." Ben seemed to think that he sailed through, adding: "That seemed relatively easy as some of these end games go. "You've done a great job; you started with a bang." He mentioned that he was on the "back foot" during round three against Esme but stayed strong and snuck ahead again. DON’T MISS…Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose glaring error with Jimmy’s season 3 fall [LATEST]Coronation Street 'double exit' as Nick Tilsley 'splits' from Leanne Battersby [SPOILERS]Bull's Michael Weatherly confirms former NCIS co-star will join CBS drama in new role [LATEST] Alongside winning the jackpot he also secured one of the mystery prizes which was a meal for two and trip to the theatre sponsored by Red Letter Days. Seeing how well he played, fan @IntenseMisery tweeted: "If they get the counter out while in play, they should get the 10k and what's in their pot. #TippingPoint." His guessing game tactic was spotted by several viewers. @liamjmellor80 said: "I'm not really sure" Colour me surprised. He's started every answer with those words. #TippingPoint." @Michael62831890 added: "You ain't too sure about anything mate.. #TippingPoint." Thinking that his luck might be transferable, @eigomo1 jested: "Bradley, I'm not suggesting you are overly lucky or anything, but if you're listening, could you please just tweet out six numbers for tonight's lottery. #tippingpoint."Daniel Fisher jumped to Bradley's defence, commenting: "What are you on about? He knew a lot of the questions and got a bit lucky with the guessing. Fair play to him." Tipping Point airs weekdays at 4pm on ITV.