CBS’ hit procedural spin-off NCIS Hawaii has returned to screens from a mid-season break for an all-new instalment of the crime series. This week fans were more focused on the possibility of a romance blossoming after they spotted a major clue.  The team returned to investigate the mysterious case of marines who all had damaged ear canals from an electronic wave weapon. Suspicions first arose when the group were at the beach playing volleyball when they individually collapsed to the ground holding their bleeding ears. With only the volleyball players affected, Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-bustami) and Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant) were told marines had been affected by an ultrasonic wave. Ernie Malik (Jason Antoon) believed it was a targeted attack and visited Dr Tony Lee (Alec Mapa) for deeper answers. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life Elsewhere, Special Agent in Charge Jane Tennant (Vanessa Lachey) was being questioned about her connection to Maggie Shaw (Julie White) following her arrest. In the previous episode titled ‘Spies 2,’ it was revealed Maggie, who was also Jane’s mentor, was a double agent as a spy. The two had met 15 years prior when Maggie tried to recruit Jane to become a CIA spy, however, things had changed after the team had begun investigating her friend. During the inquiry, they wanted to know about the vacations the two took together, particularly their trip to Mexico.  It was soon revealed to the agent, while she thought they were innocently vacationing, a Chinese spy had also been in the same location as them. Thankfully, Jane later learned she was cleared of all accusations and got to keep her security clearance. Back in the office, viewers noticed potential sparks between her and Kai, although no words were exchanged in the scene, the two held a longing gaze. Kai walked into the office, where Jane was perched on the front of her desk, they smiled at each other, Kai then jerked his head towards the door which resulted in Jane rising and following him with a smile.  DON'T MISS...Former NATO commander issues warning over WW3 [NEWS]NCIS Brian Dietzen drops disappointing update on NCIS Hawaii crossover [INSIGHT]NCIS Hawaii episode 14: When will NCIS Hawaii return? [INSIGHT] The user @IAllfair who posted the short clip on Twitter captioned: “Can we talk about them, Tennet and Kai,” with heart emojis. @feliciteN2 agreed and commented: “They're so cute I hope something happens (sic),” with a finger crossed emoji. As far as viewers know both Kai and Jane are single so there could be a chance the two could take the leap. Aside from being the newest member of the team, Kai was also the only Native Hawaiian.  He had left the Marine Corps and joined the NCIS team in Hawaii to be closer to his father who was ill and to take care of him. Initially, he believed in keeping this professional and personal life separate so he didn’t reveal much about himself until he started to warm to his colleagues. Whereas Jane had two children with her ex-husband and although the reasons behind the divorce are yet to be revealed, Jane had been vocal about the challenges of being a single parent. Fans will have to tune in to see if the eagle-eyed viewer's theory could come to light. NCIS Hawaii is available to stream on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 