In the first episode of Peaky Blinders season six, Lizzie Shelby (played by Natasha O’Keeffe) rang husband Tommy (Cillian Murphy) to explain she and the children couldn’t travel to Boston to join him. Lizzie explained Ruby (Orla McDonagh) had a temperature and cough. While she appeared to be better when Tommy arrived home, she fell ill again at the end of episode two. Lizzie was concerned when she realised Ruby had coughed up blood. Now, a clue in the trailer for the BBC series has hinted the young girl may not survive. There have been many clues something is up with young Ruby starting with her cough, fever and muttering of Gyspy words. Tommy was terrified when he heard she’d been saying “Tickna mora, O beng,” hinting there may be a curse on the girl. He insisted a black madonna was placed around her neck and for Lizzie to contact Johnny Dogs’ (Packy Lee) wife for advice. When he returned to Birmingham, Tommy was relieved to see Ruby smiling and well again, however, he insisted on taking her to the hospital. READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? She was immediately checked over and given a clean bill of health, leaving the businessman relieved. However, just as he thought he could focus on taking down Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) and set up his Opium business, Ruby fell ill again. Lizzie found the girl sitting my the chimney with Ruby explaining the “grey man” was chatting to her. Her mother panicked and called for both the doctor and Tommy, who was in parliament at the time. As the doctor inspected Ruby, Lizzie noticed the girl had coughed up blood as she insisted the “grey man” was “coming for me and Daddy”. When Tommy did return home, Lizzie warned they’d been told not to go near Ruby due to the blood. In the trailer for season six, there are a few clues as to how the storyline may unfold and it doesn’t look good for the Shelbys. In one blink-and-you’ll-miss-it moment, Tommy is seen carrying Ruby as he rushes through a hospital - has she taken a turn for the worse? DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Arthur Shelby's heartbreaking fate sealed? [EXCLUSIVE]Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby’s death sealed in Lizzie twist? [EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW]Peaky Blinders' Natasha O'Keeffe details wardrobe disaster [VIDEO] Perhaps the most worrying clue Ruby will die is the image of Lizzie screaming out for Tommy at a funeral. Fans will notice the footage of Lizzie at the funeral is different to that of when Michael Gray (Finn Cole) lays his mother Aunt Polly (Helen McCrory) to rest. Could the Peaky Blinders be forced to say goodbye to two women in the family this series? Lizzie is visibly distraught in the funeral footage as she clings on to Tommy’s son Charles. It’s worth noting there is also a chilling warning from Tommy’s sister Ada Thorne (Sophie Rundle) not everyone will survive. She can be heard saying: “Take a good look Tom, because one of us isn’t going to be here for long.” Could she be referencing her niece Ruby? Fans will have to wait until Sunday to find out how the story unfolds. Peaky Blinders airs Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.