Germany legend Lothar Matthaus believes Bayern Munich’s handling of Robert Lewandowski’s future has been ‘disrespectful’, amid speculation linking the Polish hitman with a move to Manchester United. Lewandowski has contributed an astounding 43 goals and four assists in 36 appearances in all competitions for the Bavarians this season. Lewandowski has also netted 12 goals and three assists in 8 Champions League appearances for Julian Nagelsmann’s side. However, the future of the former Borussia Dortmund ace is uncertain, after he announced a desire to depart the club and search for a new challenge last summer. He has won seven Bundesliga titles, the Champions League, three German Cups, the Club World Cup, and five German Super Cups in eighth season at the Allianz Arena. Nevertheless, his time with the six-time European champions appears uncertain. Manchester United are one of many clubs who are believed to hold an interest in the 33-year-old Poland captain. But while any decision on his future from both club and player appear to be some way off being made, Mathaus believes his former club have not handled the situation with enough decorum. JUST IN: Mourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failure "If you haven’t contacted Lewandowski’s side until now, I find that disrespectful. That would have been unthinkable under Hoeneß or Rummenigge,” Mathaus said to Sport Bild. “Bayern can count itself lucky that Lewandowski has such a great character and is a full-fledged professional." While Lewandowski said he wanted to look for a new challenge at the start of the season, Fabrizio Romano reports he is also interested in a new contract at the club. But with less than 18 months on his current deal, and Bayern Munich also appearing to be one of many clubs in the race to sign Borussia Dortmund hitman Erling Haaland, Lewandowski could be on the move this summer. DON'T MISS Chelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target Man Utd star De Gea aims dig at Atletico fans following CL loss Haaland and Mbappe told they couldn't solve Man Utd's current crisis Reports from 90min.com claim representatives from Manchester United asked to be kept informed of developments concerning Lewandowski’s future, after they held talks with the Poles’s representatives. And Lewandowski recently said he will be keeping an open mind when it comes to either committing to a new deal at the Allianz Arena or looking for a new club. “I am open to everything. I'm quiet. It is important for me to be able to focus on my game, always on what can happen in the last match,” Lewandowski said at the start of the month. “Everything that remains to be done regarding the contracts is a secondary issue and remains in the background.” Manchester City and Arsenal are also rumoured to be possible destinations for Lewandowski.