Labour, SNP and Liberal Democrat MPs all praised the Foreign Secretary for finally brining the British-Iranian national home six years after being accused of attempting to topple the Tehran government, as well as securing the release of two others. Labour's David Lammy thanked Ms Truss "for her role in securing justice". Taking a swipe at Boris Johnson, who was accused of prolonging Mrs Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's detention when he was Foreign Secretary, he added: "She's shown more skills in diplomacy than her bungling boss who appeared to do more damage than help when he held her current post." He added: "There are serious lessons that need to be learnt from this appalling episode. "We need stronger international measures to combat the use of arbitary detention as a political tool. "We need to end hostage diplomacy, and we need a review of these cases.  "We need to understand what could have been done by the British Government to secure these releases sooner." In 2017, Mr Johnson wrongly claimed that Iran had imprisoned Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe "simply teaching people journalism". In fact, the charity worker for the Thomson Reuters Foundation, was on holiday to show her two-year-old daughter, Gabriella, to her grandparents. Iran exploited the mistake to extend Mrs Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's prison sentence. Despite repeated attempts by Labour to blame Mr Johnson for the prison sentence, the Government has always said the Iran must be blamed. "When it comes to responsibility for what she is suffering I think that is incredibly important that we in the UK do not unwittingly give aid and succour to the people who are really responsible," he said in 2019. DON'T MISS:First picture of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe COMING HOME [PICTURED]Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe 'on her way home' from Iran prison nightmare [IN DEPTH]How Iran uranium stockpiles SURGED to new high [INSIGHT]   "No one in London is responsible for incarcerating Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe. "The people who are responsible are the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, and anything you do to exculpate them is, I think, a great shame." SNP MP Drew Hendry gave his "congratuations" to Ms Truss for delivering the result while speaking in the Commons. Meanwhile, former foreign secretary Jeremy Hunt said his successor deserves "great credit" for a "fearsomely difficult diplomatic challenge".  He said: "Can I salute the leadership of the Foreign Secretary on this issue, as I know from my own experience, this is a fearsomely difficult diplomatic challenge and it wouldn't have been solved without sustained personal interest right from the top, and she deserves great credit for that." Ms Truss told the Commons that the release of the Iranian detainees was thanks to the work of the whole Foreign Office and MPs across the House. She said: "Their release is the result of years of tenacious British diplomacy. I want to thank our Omani friends, Minister Badr, for their help in bringing our nationals home. "And I pay tribute to the efforts of many in this House, particularly Tulip Siddi) and Janet Daby. "I pay tribute as well to my predecessors and my right honourable friend the Prime Minister who have all worked hard to resolve this issue." 