Depending on the size, transforming a lounge can cost hundreds if not thousands of pounds. Daniel Huszar, 30, who lives in Durham and works in quality assurance, wanted to give his lounge a bit of extra pizzazz. He used a B&M wallpaper which cost just £9.99 to create a panelling feature wall in his lounge. Daniel told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: "I’d seen some wallpaper panelling ideas on Facebook by using wallpaper, and the layout of my lounge wasn’t really working. "The wallpaper was from B&M, it’s called 'Wooden Slats Wallpaper' and it cost £9.99 for a roll which was more than enough for the feature. "The wallpaper paste mix cost £2.99 so it was a total of less than £13 to create the feature.” Daniel explained how he applied the wallpaper. He said: “It took approximately an hour and a half to do, and I have never put wallpaper up myself before. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass "The wallpaper was from B&M, it’s called 'Wooden Slats Wallpaper' and it cost £9.99 for a roll which was more than enough for the feature. "The wallpaper paste mix cost £2.99 so it was a total of less than £13 to create the feature.” Daniel explained how he applied the wallpaper. He said: “It took approximately an hour and a half to do, and I have never put wallpaper up myself before. DON'T MISS: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [COMMENT] “I just held the roll at the top of the wall, dropped it to the bottom and just put a little cut where the skirting was. “I cut this to size and then pasted the paper and put it on the wall. “I just fiddled around with the paper till it was right and matched up with no gaps.” For those who have never applied wallpaper before, like Daniel before this transformation, the DIYer shared a great tip. He said: “A tip for novices would be to get a paper that doesn’t have a difficult match, as that would’ve been much harder. “I was anxious at first, prior to doing this, as I had never wallpapered before. "But once I took the jump and did the first strip, I thought 'I can actually do this’.” Daniel was in love with the finished look. He said: “I really love the wall, and am proud that I did it myself. “It’s made the room feel so much warmer, with a feature and focus rather than just plain walls with some pictures on. "I love doing things on a budget as it feels like an achievement. "Being able to achieve this look for £13 is incredible and it just changes the whole lounge and feeling of the room!” Tom Church, co-founder of LatestDeals.co.uk commented: “Daniel’s fantastic transformation shows that you really don’t need to break the bank to make a difference to your home. “Just a simple material from B&M has totally changed the look of Daniel’s lounge, and best of all, it only took him an hour and a half to do.”