EuroMillions is back tonight with a mega jackpot that could be all yours. The jackpot is enough to change your family’s life forever, and could be all yours for just £2.50 a pop. Tonight's EuroMillions will also give you automatic entry into the UK Millionaire Maker - and tonight 10 people are guaranteed to win £1 million each. EuroMillions is played across nine European countries, comprising of UK, Ireland, Spain, France, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal and Switzerland. The transnational lottery has had over 1,000 draws since it began, making hundreds multimillionaires across the continent. Britain’s richest-ever Lottery winner secured a jackpot of £170 million in October 2019 but opted to stay anonymous. The second highest prize was £161 million and went to Colin and Chris Weir, from North Ayrshire, in 2011. EuroMillions takes place Tuesdays and Fridays every week - and you can play from the comfort of your own home via the National Lottery website or app. You can also buy your ticket in a newsagents or supermarket - but you will need to purchase your ticket before 7.30pm on the day of the draw for it to count. All you need to do is pick five numbers from one to 50 and two lucky stars from one to 12. If you’re feeling lazy, you can opt for a Lucky Dip for randomly selected numbers. Tonight's Euromillions winning numbers are:6, 10, 24, 27 and 29 and the Lucky Stars are 5 and 12. There’s no doubt that when it comes to EuroMillions you are swimming against a particularly strong tide. But you can get your hands on some smaller prizes if your luck doesn’t come in for the jackpot. If you’re not lucky enough to bag the main jackpot, you can still win a range of other prizes. There are 13 different categories of prizes, ranging from just £2.50 to the full jackpot. Any ticket bought with EuroMillions will give you automatic entry into the UK Millionaire Maker - and tonight 10 people are guaranteed to win £1 million each. The Thunderball draw will also be held tonight - draws are held four times a week on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays. For just £1 a play you could win a life-changing £500,000.