Steve Fletcher is known for his passion for clocks and watches on The Repair Shop, while his sister Suzie is an expert in repairing leather. During the BBC programme, the duo has reduced viewers to tears over some of their repairs. However, in a new interview, the siblings opened up about what it is really like working together. Suzie explained when she moved back to the UK from America, she was glad to be closer to her siblings. "America was America," the leather expert began. "It was not a place where I really threw myself into. "I realised I am really an English country girl and I love being in this big, green, beautiful country that we have and I am back with my siblings as well." Steve, who was also a regular expert on The Repair Shop went on to explain how his sister landed a job working alongside him. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn "It was a wonderful opportunity," Steve explained. "I had a word with the producer and my producer said, 'Yeah, we might find a couple of bits we could get her to do'." "And now look at it," the expert laughed. "She's one of the main people on the show and very popular as well and I'm very proud of her." "He said he's not going to let me go away again," Suzie continued. "So that's, that." Discussing what it is like working with her brother, Suzie added to the Relatively podcast on Spotify: "It's amazing, it is really lovely." She continued: "The thing is I don't feel like I am working with my brother because I feel like I am working with my family. "The Repair Shop is a family and a lot of life happens in the background between all of us and we all share and support each other. "I have been told by many people that warmth and closeness come across on the programme and I love hearing that." Suzie went on to explain everyone who is involved in the programme has played a crucial part in making it a success. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] Suzie and Steve have grown up together, and now they work together, the siblings must have nicknames for each other. However, when asked what the nicknames were, Steve was quick to shut the question down and refused to say. "I couldn't say," Steve admitted as Suzie chipped in: "No, sorry that is only within the family." "It's very rude," the expert went on to add. The siblings may keep busy when filming for the BBC show, but they still continue to run their businesses alongside it. Steve has continued to run the family business, called The Clock Workshop, which was opened by his grandfather. As for Suzie, she has her own workshop based in Oxfordshire and is a Master English Saddle Maker. She has had a love of horses since childhood and started training to be a saddle maker in 1975. The Repair Shop is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.