Lady Louise Windsor, 18, lives in one of the most impressive royal residences, Bagshot Park, located in the Surrey countryside. Bagshot Park, located in Bagshot, Surrey, has been the country home of Prince Edward, 58, and Sophie Wessex, 57, since their 1999 wedding. Louise, however, is away from the property for most of the year at boarding school.  Luckily Sophie and Edward still have the company of their son, James, Viscount Severn. The 14-year-old is a day pupil at the nearby st George’s and therefore spends a lot of time at home with his parents at Bagshot. The house itself is an undoubtedly impressive, Grade-II listed building, complete with 51 acres of ground for the family to enjoy, affording them complete privacy. The house was used as a hospital in World War II for the Auxiliary Territorial Service originally. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex wows in beautiful outfit after showing up for Queen  It was then used by the Royal Army Chaplains' Department as a Church House and Chaplains' Depot until Sophie and Edward moved in. The Surrey home belongs to the Crown Estate, meaning ownership will pass between monarchs as the years and decades pass. The Earl and Countess of Wessex do not necessarily pay rent, but Prince Edward did extend the lease on his family home to 150 years for £5 million. The house at Bagshot reportedly has a huge 120 rooms. Aerial photos of Bagshot Park suggest the family certainly are not short on space. Sophie took part in a video call with the Thames Valley Air Ambulance during the coronavirus lockdown, which gave a sneak peek into her beautiful kitchen. Pictured behind Sophie were some stunning grey cabinets, one with some elegant white and deep purple china, and the other with some other ornamental pieces, such as a vase and a gold-plated dish. There was also white marble detailing on the wall, with a hint of a painting to the left of Sophie.  Back in 2015, the Countess also conducted an interview and photoshoot with Harpers Bazaar at her home, revealing the first sneak peek inside the space she shares with the Queen's youngest son. In a photo taken of Sophie in the living room, they definitely favoured light blue—with blue wallpaper, blue and gold curtains, and blue furnishings, such as a sofa and a chair. There were also plenty of lavish touches, including a huge, ornate wooden desk, an enormous bouquet of flowers and a glittering chandelier. In another picture, it is clear Sophie and Edward hugely favour wooden decor in their home, as the Countess posed alongside a huge, wooden wall with elaborate images carved into it. The home's enormous green space has many trees, bushes, and footpaths, as well as an enormous driveway at the front of the house.  Surrey is very near to Windsor Castle (just a 20-minute drive), and reportedly the Queen loves to visit unannounced for tea. Reportedly, the monarch and her daughter-in-law are particularly close, with a shared love of military history and horses, and so have plenty to chat about whenever they are together. The Countess has also explained their children, James and Louise, spend a lot of time with their grandmother due to the proximity of their homes. In an interview with Sky News, Sophie revealed: “We're a lot more fortunate because we live so close to the Queen, so when she spends a lot of time at Windsor at weekends, our children are more fortunate, because they can go over and have tea with her on a regular basis." 