Emma Raducanu is losing the “respect” of her fellow players she won at the US Open, according to Daniela Hantuchova. The British No.1 lost her latest match at the Miami Open to world No.53 Katerina Siniakova despite being a set and a break up - and then serving for the match at 5-4 in the third.  Raducanu has now won only two matches in her first five events this year - and only four in eight tournaments since winning her the title in New York last September. All four of her defeats this year, including her retirement in Mexico, have come in gruelling three-set matches. Amazon Prime analyst Hantuchova said: “That was a tough one for Emma. I think it is going to hurt big time because of the chances she had. She was the better player for most of it. Siniakova is a great fighter and she showed why she has won all the big titles in doubles - she is not afraid of the big names. But the thing is now with Emma, everyone wants to beat her. Everyone is trying to figure out how to play against her. "All the locker room respect she had after the US Open is now kind of going away which is a shame. It is going to be important now for Emma to regroup, rethink what she has to change and get out there on the practice court. There is no other way around it. Just keep putting the hard work in.”   Raducanu said before the match that her main aim this season was to stay fit after testing positive for Covid before Christmas and then suffering from a blister in Australia and a leg injury in Mexico. But her problems appear mental as well as physical. Her Billie Jean King Cup captain Anne Keothavong said: “ I just feel that Emma got a little tight trying to close that match out. She is going to be absolutely gutted.” And like in her previous defeat in Indian Wells, her lack of practice and match time left her running on empty at the end of the match. “At that age, you want to be fit, you want to show everyone that you are out there, no matter how long it takes,” said former world No.5 Hantuchova. “It was humid and it was not easy out there.   “But this is where you have to be tough if you want to win matches like this, if you want to win tournaments like this. And I believe Emma has the level. She just has to find a way to get it out of her.” Raducanu will also have to get used to players taking medical timeouts like Siniakova at 1-4 in the first set. “I lost the next two games, and I think that I did, like, maybe all of the timeout did maybe affect the momentum,” said the Bromley teenager. “I still managed to regroup and win the first set. Yeah, she seemed like she was running completely fine to me.” Raducaunu said she had “no idea” where she will be playing next though she will play for Great Britain in the Billie Jean King Cup in Prague next month. 