As the war approaches its third week, Russia's army continues to meet fierce resistance from their brave opponents. Hampered by poor tactics and logistical problems, Russian forces are still struggling to fulfil any of their major military objectives. In video footage from the front line, a Ukrainian soldier pours scorn on the fighting abilities of Vladimir Putin's soldiers. The Ukrainian said: "We are very lucky that they (the Russian soldiers) are so f*g stupid. “They're just goofs. Flying above us and shooting f**k knows where.” The Russians have reportedly suffered very high casualties and have had to send more units from Russia to the front. The Ukrainian military has claimed that over 12,000 Russian soldiers have died since the start of hostilities on February 24. To put this figure into some context, the Soviet Union lost around 15,000 soldiers during their nine year campaign in Afghanistan. Reports have surfaced that the Kremlin is preparing to send Syrian and African fighters to Ukraine to help the beleaguered Russian forces. Russian Defence Minister, Sergey Shoigu, is believed to have told the Russian President he had recruited 16,000 volunteers from Syria. Sylvian Nguema, a Central African military analyst, also published a video in which soldiers from the Central African Republic say they are ready to help their "Russian brothers" defeat Ukrainian nationalists. However, the fighting capabilities of both the Syrian and African soldiers has been questioned by experts from the Conflict Intelligence Team (CIT). In a recent analysis, they wrote: "It can be argued that in Syria and the Central African Republic there are hardly enough fighters with real experience in urban combat. "The incompetence of the Syrian army during the civil war has long been the subject of memes. "All significant victories (the capture of Palmyra, Aleppo and the suburbs of Damascus) became possible only after many years of siege and thanks to the actions of Russian aviation and Iranian militias. "The armed forces of the Central African Republic also managed to regain control over a significant part of the country, largely due to the participation in the battles of the Wagner PMC. READ MORE: Russia's relationship with China 'uneasy' as Jinping has historic clai "It is worth noting that the opponents of both were unorganized and poorly trained rebels." The Wagner Group is a Russian private militia allegedly set up by a former special forces intelligence officer, Dmitry Utkin. The militia is believed to be owned by Yevgeny Prigozhin, a businessman with close links to Putin. It has been accused of war crimes in areas where it has been active. Diplomatic talks between Russia and Ukraine resumed on Monday, as efforts to end the war intensified. DON'T MISS 'Tell Oligarchs to f*** off!' Squatters invade £25m mansion in protest [REVEAL]Russia 'miscalculated' Ukraine invasion as Putin ‘shocked’ [SPOTLIGHT]Putin forced to admit spy killed after hiding 'thousands' of deaths [INSIGHT]  Ukrainian presidential adviser and negotiator Mykhailo Podolyak said the talks were difficult. He wrote on Twitter: "The parties actively express their specified positions. "Communication is being held yet it’s hard. The reason for the discord is too different political systems. "Ukraine is a free dialogue within the society & an obligatory consensus. "Russia is an ultimatum suppression of its own society."