Shaving foam could be used to clean a lot of household surfaces according to a surprising hack. Lynsey Crombie, also known as The Queen of Clean, posted the cleaning tip to her many followers. The former professional cleaner has amassed over 260k followers on the social media platform Instagram. She suggested adding the grooming product to your cleaning caddy. Lynsey said: "Shaving foam is one of my favourite cleaners." READ MORE: How to clean grout: Cleaning guru's secret weapon - 'it’ll bring it up like new' The cleaner explained why the grooming product is so effective. "It is a surprisingly good cleaner due to its combination of soap, moisturisers, and other protective ingredients," she said. Lynsey posted a video showing how she uses the product. She suggested it can help prevent fogging up of shower screens, as well as cleaning them. DON'T MISSFive daily cleaning jobs to leave your home sparkling [EXPERT] Best combination for cleaning up a dirty shower door [INSIGHT] Bicarbonate of soda and lemon hack to remove limescale from taps [HOW TO] Lynsey claimed the product can brighten up the bath, shine up taps and clean your sink. She also puts the product on a brush and scrubs it into dirty grout, leaving it for a few minutes before rinsing. Lastly, she uses the product to eliminate odours around the toilet and clean the exterior of the loo. She said: "There is so much you can do with it here are a few quick ideas." When it comes to which foam to use, Lynsey suggest going cheap and cheerful She said: "Don’t buy an expensive one get one that’s under a pound and make sure it’s white foam, not the blue gel. And a little goes a long way." Fans chimed in with their cleaning uses for shaving foam. "It also takes pen off of Children’s hands," one said. Another wrote: "My mom used to use it on foundation on her white collars...works a treat." One said: "Apparently good for cleaning fabric upholstery (arms on chairs especially) and carpets!!" "I think on bathroom mirrors stops them steaming up," one wrote. Another said: "My mother-in-law gave me this cleaning tip years ago then I'd forgotten about it until your reminder, thank you. "I'm going to start using it again, especially for grout."