Later this year, the Duke of Sussex, 37, will release what has been described by his publisher as an “intimate and heartfelt” memoir. According to Penguin Random House, Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. There has been speculation that the book could see the prince make further claims about his time as a royal. In addition, one area of intense speculation to be featured is Harry’s relationship with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who will one day be crowned Queen consort. Royal author Angela Levin, who wrote a biography of Prince Harry, claims the Duke will “attack” the Duchess of Cornwall within its pages. She told talkRADIO: "Harry‘s memoir is coming out at the end of the year. “Anyone who is anyone is saying it’s going to attack Camilla and make her responsible for [his] mental health and how she stole his father from his mother." Harry has shown fierce loyalty to his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales and royal watchers have questioned whether this could be the cause of a rift between himself and his stepmother Camilla. After many years together, the news Camilla and Charles were to marry was finally revealed to the public on February 10, 2005. A statement from the Queen was released at the time which read: "The Duke of Edinburgh and I are very happy that The Prince of Wales and Mrs Parker Bowles are to marry. READ MORE: Harry excites royal fans as Duke spotted in cowboy hat at Texas show "We have given them our warmest good wishes for their future together." The couple then married in April of that year, 35 years after meeting. However, there has been no confirmation as to what exactly will be discussed in Harry’s book. Instead, at the time of announcing the memoir, Prince Harry said he would be sharing the "mistakes and lessons learned" during his life. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan given ‘brave’ opportunity to win back British public [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle got on ‘extremely well’ with Queen during first meeting [REVEAL] Queen’s banquets must follow ‘really tight’ security rules [REPORT] He also said he would reflect on "the highs and lows" and that the book would be "accurate and wholly truthful". A press release said: "Prince Harry will offer an honest and captivating personal portrait, one that shows readers that behind everything they think they know lies an inspiring, courageous, and uplifting human story." In addition, the book will chart the Duke’s “lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day, including his dedication to service, the military duty that twice took him to the frontline of Afghanistan, and the joy he has found in being a husband and father.” At the time of announcing the deal, it was also revealed that Harry, who alongside his wife Meghan stepped back from royal duties two years, will donate proceeds from the book to charity. No additional details on what share of the proceeds would be donated to charity were revealed by the publisher. Penguin did also not disclose the terms of its deal with the Prince, which also includes an audio book and international rights.