 BBC soap fans have seen the villainous Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) cause chaos in EastEnders over the past couple of years. He murdered his wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) in 2020 after abusing her for many months and then went on to kill several other Walford residents. However, his killing spree could soon come to an end as Gray gets his comeuppance. Will he be shot as he tries to escape Albert Square under the cover of darkness?   Toby-Alexander Smith, who plays Gray in the long-running soap, recently spoke out about the future of his character. The actor was welcomed onto Monday’s episode of The One Show to speak about the upcoming drama on EastEnders. Chatting to hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas, Toby hinted Gray’s killing spree will soon come to an end. The soap star began: “Gray has been on the Square for almost three years now and in that time he’s done quite a lot of terrible things. READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing   “So in this week we see the walls really start to close in on him,” he revealed. Toby suggested the actions of the serial killer will soon catch up with him as his crimes are uncovered. “He’s affected a lot of people in the Square, done a lot of awful things, and he’s about to get his comeuppance in true fashion,” he teased. “Yeah, we’re happy about that I’m going to be honest with you,” Jermaine joked.    The soap star agreed: “Yeah, I think the audience are.” Toby explained that when he signed up to play Gray on the soap he knew he’d be doing a domestic abuse storyline, but never expected his character to develop into a serial killer. The actor confessed he’s enjoyed playing such a dark character: “I love the challenge of it, it really is challenging. “Every day I’ve got to go into work and I’ve really got to put the work into the scenes,” he said. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun’s Laura Hamilton drops out of filming [MUST SEE]‘Harsh!’ The Chase fans blast Bradley Walsh for not accepting answer [UPDATE]Emmerdale couple torn apart after row over relationship dealbreaker? [THEORY]  Jermaine made it clear he was keen to know more about what viewers can expect in upcoming scenes of EastEnders. The presenter asked: “Just before you go quickly, can you describe this week’s show in three words?” After carefully considering his words, the soap star replied: “Intense, thrilling and satisfying.” As Gray is set to get his “comeuppance”, could this mean he’ll be killed?    Fans are eager to see the murderer face justice, but many have concerns he could try to flee Albert Square as the police are hot on his tail. If the police catch him trying to escape Walford a dramatic chase could ensue in the Square. The “satisfying” ending Toby has teased could see Gray be shot and killed by police as he tries to get away. Will the villain really be killed? Viewers will have to tune in to find out. EastEnders continues Tuesday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 