Jodie Comer, 29, has played evil Villanelle on the BBC series for four seasons. With the current Killing Eve episodes confirmed as the last, the actress has lined up a new role as a similarly complex character in HBO drama Big Swiss. Based on the upcoming book by Jen Beagin, it's been reported Jodie will take on the role of another obsessive protagonist. Killing Eve returned for series four this month, with eager fans desperate to see what darky comic Villanelle is now up to after an almost two-year wait since the last series. Jodie depicts the series villain, a complex and scheming assassin who develops an obsession with Eve Polastri (played by Sandra Oh). In Big Swiss, Jodie could be taking on a similar role, with the series following Jodie's character Flavia who begins to anonymously transcribe sex therapy sessions before becoming obsessed with one of the patients. What follows is an explosive and consuming relationship between the two. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role According to Deadline, the show is set to be a limited series in development at HBO. The series will be the first major role Jodie will take on following Killing Eve. After launching on BBC in 2018, the spy thriller has become a popular series, with fans across the globe gripped by its unpredictable twists and Villanelle's hilarious persona. The black comedy continued for season two in 2019 before series three began in May 2020. The fourth and final series is currently being shown in weekly instalments on BBC. While the first two series of the show received critical acclaim, the last two have seen mixed responses. Both Jodie and Sandra have won awards for the roles, while co-star Fiona Shaw won the accolade of best-supporting actress for her depiction of Carolyn Martens. Season three ended with Villanelle and Eve staring at each other, teasing fans that their relationship might not entirely be over. DON'T MISS... Denise Van Outen did 'crying at home' as she spills on Eddie split [INTERVIEW]Josie Gibson fights tears as she opens up on losing friends to suicide [VIDEO]EastEnders horror as Tommy becomes killer after Kat's mistake? [SPOILER] However, as the latest series hit TV screens, many viewers took to social media to complain about the new episodes. Several claimed they were left "confused" as to what was going on in the storyline. Posing as a church-goer, Villanelle seemed to be up to her old tricks as she dropped her demeanour not long into the first episode, murdering a cat and attempting to drown her new "friend". The final series consists of eight episodes, and the show's signature shock twists and turns are expected to continue. Konstantin actor Kim Bodnia has already teased that Jodie helped push him to new emotional depths. Speaking on This Morning recently, he said: "So she wanted to push my feelings as I had pushed her feelings through the seasons. "She came up with something in a scene that she wasn't supposed to do, and she got me! The emotional stuff was just coming out of me." Killing Eve continues Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.