Mikel Arteta refreshed his Arsenal side with a stunning £150million outlay in the summer. While the expensive transfer splurge did not initially seem to have the desired effect with three chastening defeats in the Gunners’ first three Premier League matches, they are certainly reaping the fruits of their business. Ben White, Martin Odegaard, Aaron Ramsdale, Takehiro Tomiyasu, Nuno Tavares, and Albert Sambi-Lokonga were all signed by the north Londoners during the summer transfer window. However, reports from the London Evening Standard understand a similar assault could be set for the next transfer window. Two new strikers and a midfielder are believed to be on the agenda for Arsenal, while a left-sided central defender, a new right back to offer more competition for Tomiyasu, and another dynamic winger are also said to be on Arteta’s wish-list. Express Sport considers what Arsenal could look like if they do pull off another major summer overhaul. JUST IN: Arsenal planning six signings as part of Champions League masterplan Goalkeeper – Ramsdale Having suffered two consecutive relegations with Bournemouth and Sheffield United, many fans derided the Gunners for signing Ramsdale for £25m. However, the young goalkeeper has been a revelation at the Emirates Stadium, only conceding 20 goals in 22 Premier League matches and displacing former Arsenal No.1 Bernd Leno in the process. The 23-year-old has kept 11 domestic clean sheets for Arteta’s side this season and will likely be involved in the upcoming World Cup in November. There is absolutely no question that Ramsdale is Arsenal’s undisputed No.1 goalkeeper. READ MORE: Mourinho unimpressed with Maitland-Niles and targets Man Utd star Defence - Spence, White, Saliba, Tierney Middlesbrough right-back Djed Spence has been attracting plenty of admirable glances from the Gunners this season. The 21-year-old Englishman has not only impressed while on loan at Nottingham Forest this season, he also made a firm impression in front of Arteta himself, when the Championship side knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup in the third round. While Spence could be brought in to refresh the right side of Arsenal’s defence, young central defender William Saliba will likely be given a chance to cut his teeth in the Premier League next season. The young Frenchman is yet to make a senior Arsenal appearance since his £27m move in the summer of 2019. However, after three consecutive impressive loan spells at Saint-Etienne, Nice, and Marseille, he is expected to be a huge part of Arteta’s side next season. Midfield – Partey, Tielemans, Neves Youri Tielemans and Ruben Neves could both be available for a cut-price in the summer as they will both enter the final year of their contracts with Leicester City and Wolves respectively. Having chased Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo in the summer, midfield is an area Arteta will likely target in the next transfer window. Arteta more than understands the benefits of a large squad that can be rotated having enjoyed such success while working under Pep Guardiola at Manchester United. The above trio may not necessarily be his first choice midfield, as he would likely want to include the mercurial Odegaard, alongside Granit Xhaka and Sambi-Lokonga. Attack - Isak, Calvert-Lewin, David. As Arsenal are set to lose Eddie Nketiah and Alexandre Lacazette for nothing at the end of the season, two centre-forwards are believed to be at the very top of Arteta’s wish-list. And having previously been linked with Everton centre-forward Dominic Calvert-Lewin and briefly chased Real Sociedad hitman Jonathan Isak in the January window, the two strikers could be Arsenal’s top targets in the summer. While two new centre-forwards will likely be the priority for Arsenal, another dynamic wide attacker to add extra competition for Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Martinelli, Nicolas Pepe, and Emile Smith-Rowe is also purported to be on Arsenal's radar. Lille attacker Jonathan David has previously emerged on Arsenal’s transfer radar, having slotted home 17 goals in 36 appearances for the French giants this season, including three strikes in the Champions League. Potential starting XI (4-3-3): Ramsdale, Spence, White, Saliba, Tierney, Tielemans, Partey, Neves, Isak, Calvert-Lewin, David.