The Ministry of Health in Spain has extended the current entry requirements to Spain. The extension lasts until April 30. British adults need to be vaccinated or have a current Covid recovery certificate to travel to Spain. Teenagers aged between 12-17 can enter with a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. British tourists will need to have had a booster jab if their second vaccination was more than 270 days ago. Britons are counted as non-EU citizens for travel to Spain so are subject to different rules than other European residents. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations The current entry rules for British citizens were due to expire at the end of March but have now been extended until April 30. The information published in the Official State Gazette said the extension was aimed at minimising the ongoing risk to public health. However, the rules could change before the end of April if health officials decide the Covid situation has improved or worsened. Spain recently ditched rules on testing so people with mild virus symptoms will not have to take a test. It is also up to doctors to decide whether people with mild symptoms should be signed off work. Tests in Spain are now primarily reserved for vulnerable people, people over 60 and for vulnerable areas such as care homes. Spain is one of the UK’s most popular travel destinations and many Britons travel there each year. Holiday hotspots include the Costa Blanca and the Costa del Sol as well as the stunning Balearic and Canary islands. Holidaymakers could face rising prices in Spain as the energy and fuel crisis start to have an impact. Some hotels have faced issues with electricity bills as well as shortages of essential items including sunflower oil. Others have reported difficulties receiving items like concrete which are needed for renovations. Many hotels are in need of a refresh as some have spent the last two years with few customers or closed. Despite the issues, many hoteliers are confident that the Easter season will bring many tourists to Spain. British tourists no longer need to take travel tests or fill out a passenger locator form when they arrive in the UK. They will need to fill out a passenger locator form when they travel to Spain as well as meeting Covid requirements. Tourists have faced bad weather in the last week due to heavy storms and downpours across Spain. Britons should check the UK Government advice before travelling to Spain for the latest restrictions.