Hotels and restaurants in Benidorm are worried about rising prices in the Spanish resort. One hotel industry worker said the cost of providing a hotel stay had increased by over 25 percent since 2019. The main fear among hospitality workers in Benidorm is the rising price of energy coupled with a shortage of essential items such as sunflower oil and wheat. Nuria Montes, Benidorm’s hotel association Hosbec, told Spanish paper Las Provincias: “The main expenditure for a hotel is its staff, but then that’s followed by food and drink, along with energy. “Costs related to guest food can account for around 25 percent of the total expenses of a hotel and energy comes in at 15 percent, with both these areas sky-rocketing in price.” Restaurants in Benidorm have been heavily affected by the rising price of sunflower oil and other ingredients. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how elderly can get upgrade - 'I always give' Diego Salinas, manager of Benidorm’s Abreca hospitality association, said: “Sunflower oil and wheat are the commodities that are causing us the biggest problems right now. “Price hikes will reduce consumption but there will be products that are going to be scarce.” He said that he had heard there were only around 45 days of wheat supply left and prices could be heavily impacted when that runs out. Salinas added: “It is a bad time to have a pizzeria, but the sunflower oil situation is even worse and that is of concern for the owners of chip shops.” British holidaymakers could see price increases in Benidorm this year as the cost passes to tourists. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is expected to drive up the price of energy and cause some food shortages. Flight prices are also expected to rise in coming months as the cost of fuel surges around the world. Jet2 announced it had cancelled flights to the Polish city of Krakow for the next two months following the invasion.  Poland borders western Ukraine and the majority of Ukrainian refugees have fled there to escape danger. Despite the cancelled flights, Poland’s tourism organisation in the UK insisted it was safe to travel to the country. The PTO said: “Poland is inviting overseas travellers to continue supporting the vital tourism industry which helps support the economy. “Tourist attractions remain open and visitors can book hotels and accommodation as usual.” The British Foreign Office does not advise against travel to Poland but warns that accommodation close to the Ukrainian border may be very busy. The Independent reported that flight prices to several Eastern European destinations have significantly dropped following the invasion. Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary, Slovenia, Slovakia, Estonia and Croatia are among the countries affected. Several of the countries do not share a border with Ukraine.