Reports from Ukrainian media have claimed that Russian forces are attacking a military medical centre in the city, with The Kyiv Independent sharing the news on Twitter. The news comes as it emerged that at least 21 people were killed and 112 wounded in Kharkiv on Tuesday after the city came under heavy shelling. In a Tweet, the Kyiv Independent said: “Russian paratroopers landed in Kharkiv and attacked one of the city’s military medical centres, UNIAN news agency reports. “Ukrainian forces are repelling the attack.” At time of writing, reports suggest that there have been no Ukrainian casualties as a result of the battle at the military hospital, according to the BBC. Kharkiv Region Police Chief Volodymyr Tymoshko told reporters: “Currently the situation near the hospital is under control, security has been strengthened.” Meanwhile Russia's defence ministry says its troops have taken and captured the southern city of Kherson. The city's mayor says it is still under Ukrainian control although sources close to the city say Kherson is completely surrounded.  Much of the violence of recent days has centred on Kharkiv, a city home to around 1.5 million people. The current death toll in Ukraine officially stands at at least 136 according to the UK Ministry of Defence, 13 of those killed being children. Putin has been accused of targeting civilian areas, despite previous assurances that his forces would only attack places of military significance. President Zelensky likened the bombardment of Kharkiv to “state terrorism”.  READ MORE: Biden taunts Putin telling Ukraine that US will 'respond decisively' On Tuesday, a bomb struck an opera house, concert hall and government offices in the city’s Freedom Square. At least 10 people were killed and 35 wounded. President Zelensky has recently reached out to the EU for their support and has asked for Ukraine to become a member of the bloc. Speaking via his Telegram channel on Monday, the Ukrainian president implored: “We ask the European Union for Ukraine’s immediate accession via a special new procedure.  DON'T MISS:Putin hammer blow as Russian Pantsir S1 missile system destroyed in Uk [REVEAL]Fiona Hill calls for urgent shutdown of ALL business with Russia [INSIGHT]Biden slams Putin over Ukraine invasion in State of the Union address [ANALYSIS] “Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing. “I’m sure it’s fair. I’m sure it’s possible.” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has expressed her support for Ukraine’s membership, however the decision must be agreed upon by all 27 EU member states. Charles Michel, president of the European Council, admitted there were “different opinions and sensitivities within the EU on enlargement”. 