Mr Gove appeared to rule out introducing tax cuts during his appearances on several news networks yesterday despite the cost of living crisis. The announcement comes just weeks before Chancellor Rishi Sunak is set to deliver his spring statement. The Brexit-backing Surrey Heath MP told the BBC: "We're very aware that there are cost-of-living pressures that will accumulate as a result of what's going on in Ukraine." When asked if Mr Sunak would consider any reduction to the tax burden, Mr Gove added: "No. What we have to do at the moment is to provide support in every way possible that is targeted." Asked specifically about calls to axe the 1.25 percent hike in National Insurance, the Housing Secretary said: "We're not doing that – we need that National Insurance increase in order to make sure that we can fund the NHS and social care to deal with the Covid backlog." However, Mr Gove confirmed further measures would be kept "under review". The price of energy and fuel is of particular concern for many Brits. Unleaded petrol per pence reached a record-high of 151.67 in March, according to RAC. JUST IN: MPs to vote on Lib Dem 'name and shame' amendment on animals killed by river sewage dumps Sir John Redwood told the Telegraph: "The Chancellor is presumably still thinking it all through, but the cost-of-living crisis has got much much worse because of the huge disruption caused by the Russian war and the sanctions. "People on average earnings are going to be really badly hit, as well as the lower paid. "People are going to struggle to pay the petrol bill, the diesel bill, the gas bill, the food bill as a result of these changes, and it's desperately important to give them some money back." David Davis, who unsuccessfully stood in the Tory Party contest in 2005, said: "Since Mr Gove is responsible for the levelling up agenda, you would think he would be concerned about a tax increase, which is heavily regressive as this one is, to fall on low and middle income people more than anybody else. "On all fronts, the Government ought to rethink even if it needs to use world conditions as a reason for rethinking. "On many counts, the simplest way to deal with this is to stop the tax increases and then see how the economy develops." The ex-Brexit Secretary, who called on Boris Johnson to quit following 'partygate', added: "Their forecasts for the state of the national balance sheet were pessimistic by £50 billion at the first round and £15-20 billion at the second. DON'T MISS:Putin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugs [REVEAL]Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [INSIGHT]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT]