In a poll which ran from 10am on Wednesday, March 23, to 9am on Thursday, March 24, Express.co.uk asked: “Was a vote for Brexit a vote for freedom?” A total of 2,858 people voted and dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts. The vast majority of voters – 92 percent (2,623 people) – said “yes”, a vote for Brexit was a vote for freedom. A further eight percent (229 people) said “no”, while six people did not know. In the comments left below the poll, most readers were in full agreement about the importance of the Brexit vote as a measure of British freedom. Username MI7 said: “Yes it was a vote for freedom, when you have a foreign power with control over your everyday life, including laws, [and] then you break free from that control, then yes, it's a vote for freedom, there's no other way you can look at it.” READ MORE: Brexit gives Britain energy boost as hated red tape scrapped 'EU would never allow this' And username ValBrooker wrote: “For sure, we didn't vote to leave the EU to have more connections with it. Of course, it was a vote for freedom from EU interference.” While username RayS55 wrote: “Of course it was a vote for freedom – freedom from the insufferable EU…freedom to choose who actually governs us and freedom to change them if we so wish – we can now hold our rulers fully accountable and the small disruption we have seen are well worth the price we pay.” Others agreed that their Brexit vote represented freedom but expressed their disappointment at the Government’s implementation of it so far. Username Thor'sHammer said: “Undoubtedly, Brexit was a vote for freedom, even if it has been somewhat elusive since.” And username KatMoi said: “It was a vote for freedom that sadly has yet to be fully implemented.” Meanwhile, username Bunnykins said: “It was a vote for freedom but now we have to fight and untangle ourselves from the EU’s claws and teeth.” UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson came under fire last weekend for comparing Ukraine’s fight for freedom to the Brexit referendum. Speaking at the Conservative Party’s spring conference he said: “When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. “It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself.” DON'T MISS:Biden to snub trade deal as Boris told UK not worth 'blood, sweat and tears' [LIVE BLOG]'Are you a shameless criminal?' P&O boss left squirming in toe-curling grilling by MPs [LATEST]Truss tightens shackles on Putin's war machine - UK announces major new retaliation [UPDATE] Mr Johnson received fierce backlash for his remarks, but has declined to apologise. Ukrainian ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, who was present when Mr Johnson made the remarks, defended the Prime Minister. He said: “I didn't see this reaction coming. Because what we heard in the room, what I heard myself, is that actually, we are fighting for freedom – the freedom to do what the nation wants to do. “If you wanted to leave the European Union that’s your own sovereign decision. We respected it. We would like you to be in the European Union, but we respect this decision.” Yet Mr Prystaiko did concede that Brexit was not comparable to Ukraine’s ongoing fight. He said: “If you compare it to what we have with Russians when we left the Soviet Union, they came to kill us for this decision.” Username SanjayP agreed with Mr Johnson’s comments and said: “Brexit was entirely about freedom. “Not the personal kind that the unreconciled Remainers complain about losing but about the UK 's sovereign freedoms.” SanjayP added: “Good to see the Ukrainian ambassador confirm what the PM said about both countries fighting for their freedom.”