Below Deck’s hit spin-off returned to Bravo in February for another charter season onboard the luxury sailing yacht. After watching the dramatic love triangle unveil in season two, charter guest Erica Rose revealed her thoughts about Daisy Kelliher and Gary King.  Throughout the previous season, the First Mate Gary was at the centre of a majority of the drama which unfolded on screen. After meeting Chief Stew Daisy Kelliher in season two, fans watched as the two spent the majority of the charter bickering. Although they ended on better terms, fans were surprised to see Daisy and Gary share a steamy kiss in the hot tub during the trailer for season three. However, before the season premiered they both confirmed they were not in a relationship, instead things became further complicated when the first episode aired with Gary and third Stew Ashley Marti kissing.  READ MORE: Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled? Erica joined the charter in season two when the chaotic love triangle began, she was on board with her mother and friends but didn’t leave the best impression. While the crew were left unimpressed with her attitude and demands, they tried to keep things gracious when they heard Erica would be returning for season three. This was everyone except Daisy who labelled Erica and her guests: “Disrespectful, exhausting, emotionally draining, and unpredictable.” The charter guest retaliated in an interview with Page Six where she stated: “Gary could do so much better.”  She added: “All the girls on the boat were interested in him, even my friends. Gary’s a really great guy and Daisy is just not a really great person. She’s actually really two-faced.” Erica took what she saw from the season and decided the two were incompatible: “Gary and Daisy are just two very different people, Gary is not a fame whore.” As for Ashley, she had made it clear she was very interested in Gary, in a conversation with Gary and his new deckhand Tom Pearson, she claimed Tom was her type physically but she was more into Gary for his age. Ashley made her move later in the evening but Gary was left confused if he should take things further after the love triangle from season two.  DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps [INSIGHT]Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [INSIGHT]Below Deck Sailing Yacht newcomer gives verdict on Dani's pregnancy [INSIGHT] Speaking to Page Six, Erica continued: “You could just tell she really loved watching Ashley get jealous and I truly think that’s part of the reason she decided to hook up with Gary. “Ashley told me that she was into Gary before he even kissed Daisy, so it seems like that was part of her motivation to go after Gary.” However, in an interview with US Weekly, Daisy disputed these claims and maintained she didn’t know Gary and Ashley shared a kiss on the first night. She explained: “The difference between me and maybe some of the other girls is I kind of own the kiss. I kind of am vocal about it, the younger crew, they’re a bit more secretive, so I never knew that kiss happened.”  Surprisingly, this wasn’t the only bit of drama Gary found himself in during season two, as he found himself in another love triangle with crew members Alli Dore, and Sydney Zaruba. During the reunion hosted by Andy Cohen things took an unexpected turn when it was revealed Gary had a girlfriend throughout season two. Dore was the one to spill the beans when she said: “I don't know why everyone's just sleeping over the fact that Gary had a girlfriend when he came on board, and Sydney slept with him. A long-term girlfriend. There, I've said it.” Gary confirmed the revelation: “Now that it's come out, yes I did. We were in a very complicated relationship. I hadn't seen her for eight months prior to me coming on the show.” He added: “Not seeing someone for eight months and growing apart for those eight months, do we put a label on that? No. We only look at the negative things that, yes, I had a girlfriend, and I did what I did. That's the only regret I've got in life was doing what I did.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the USA and available on Hayu in the UK. 