Mark Millar, the star of Channel 5’s Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms, has shared his advice with homeowners looking to renovate their kitchens and bathrooms. Arguably the two most important rooms in a home, kitchens and bathrooms can be expensive to renovate. Plumbing, practicality, fixtures and decor all need to be considered when renovating these two rooms. However, even before the renovation process begins, there is “one thing” homeowners need to “get right”. Mark exclusively told Express.co.uk: “In the kitchen and bathroom, the one thing you have to get right is the layout. “This is so the kitchen works really well and is very practical. “The bathroom is all about layout as well. READ MORE: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great'  “You’ve got to have enough room to move around. “If you’re working on a small bathroom, [make sure] that you don’t put baths that are too big for that room in just because you like the look of them. “If you think the layout, you’re not making them cramped. “It’s all about space management.” DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [ANALYSIS] Freestanding roll top baths have become more popular, inspired by the recent “regencycore” trend. “Regencycore” is a decorating style that has been inspired by the early 1800s-era in England But Mark said they take up a lot of room because there needs to be space around them. He added: “Sometimes you’ve just got to really think about it. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “You may love that product but it may not be practical in that space.” The average cost of a new bathroom, according to Victoria Plum, is around £6,500. The site said homeowners should look to have an overall budget of £8,000. Installation costs, time and plumbing all need to be considered when planning a bathroom.  On the new episode of Dream Kitchens and Bathrooms with Mark Millar, the DIY expert helps a couple in Devon create the ultimate kitchen after moving house nine times. The couple have a budget of £70,000 and are looking for luxury. Mark also helps a couple in Yorkshire make a master bedroom suite with two separate his 'n' hers en-suite bathrooms. Dream Kitchens & Bathrooms with Mark Millar airs on Tuesday at 7pm on Channel 5.