Sonos has already added a brand-new speaker to its lineup, Sonos Roam SL, but it seems the smart audio brand isn't done there. The US firm has listed a new role within the company that will be working with a "next generation Sonos Home Theatre OS", fuelling speculation that Sonos is working on its own operating system. As it stands, Sonos has a hugely-successful soundbar range, with its Beam 2 and Dolby Atmos-certified Sonos Arc. However, if you want to stream anything – you'll need to plug the speaker into a Smart TV with a satellite set-top box like Sky Q, cable box like Virgin TV 360, or a streaming box like Amazon's Fire TV, Roku or Apple TV. The new role is titled Head of Partnerships, Home Theatre. In the description of new position, Sonos says "The Head of Partnerships for our Next Generation Sonos Home Theatre OS will play a pivotal role in connecting users to the content and services they love with Sonos quality experiences they’ve come to expect." Adding fuel to this rumour is another new role at Sonos, dubbed the UX Lead, Next Generation Home Theatre Experience. For this position, Sonos is looking for a candidate with a "proven track record" in digital content creation and TV. To qualify for this role, Sonos wants at least eight years of experience designing a user interface for mobile and television that has “successfully shipped”. Longtime Sonos fans will know that, while the company has a hugely useful smartphone app that's used to control playback and set up new designs, it has never shipped a user interface for televisions. Plugging the Sonos Beam or Sonos Arc into the HDMI eARC port on your telly will show a nice screensaver ...and that's it. When approached by gadget blog The Verge about the clues pointing to potential future plans in this job listing, a spokesperson for the smart home brand said: “As a leader in Home Theatre audio, we will continue to innovate and create products and experiences that make listening simpler and more joyful, bringing you closer to the music and content you love. We don’t have anything further to share today.” MORE LIKE THISBest Sky TV Deals Donning our deerstalker for a moment, the new role could hint at a possible third-generation version of the Sonos Beam with Fire TV-like software built-in to launch Netflix, Prime Video, Disney+, Apple TV+, BBC iPlayer, All4, and more. After all, Sonos' smartphone app already does this with audio. It connects with 120 music services, including podcast apps, music streaming like Spotify, Apple Music, Deezer, and Amazon Music, as well as radio stations and meditation services like Calm. Recreating that formula with a one-stop-shop soundbar and streaming set-top box would be a logical next step for the firm. But you don't have to wait for this as-yet unconfirmed new hardware from Sonos to enjoy the same experience. That's because rival Roku has already launched a soundbar with its streaming software, which powers its set-top boxes, baked inside. Plug in the soundbar and you will upgrade the audio performance of your flatscreen telly (these have notoriously bad sound performance due to the svelte design) and be able to access dozens of streaming services and games. Unfortunately, it'll likely be a while before we see the results of the new Head of Partnerships, Home Theatre and UX Lead, Next Generation Home Theatre Experience at Sonos ...as neither position has been filled.