The family fun day in Buckinghamshire was the brainchild of British Pakistani businesswoman Saadia Baber, the founder of Xperience Pakistan, which seeks to promote a positive image of the country. It comes ahead of the anniversary in August of India and Pakistan both beginning self rule after leaving the British empire and kicked off with boys from the different communities gathering by the countries two flags. It also followed the anniversary of Pakistan Resolution Day last week which marks the day in 1940 when the first Pakistan constitution was agreed in Lahore. Partition of India and Pakistan at independence has fuelled tensions between the two countries over decades which last until the present day including wars in 1947, 1965, 1971 and 1999. But Ms Baber has worked with Thorpe House school in Gerard’s Cross, which hosted the event, to bring the two communities together and encourage integration with white British people. The event included music, a food festival, shopping, speeches and opportunities for families from different communities to have fun together. Ms Baber said: “Xperience Pakistan was founded on the premise that I wanted to change the narrative people had of my country and its people through creating experiences which enabled people to interact with the culture and its people, showing them Pakistan through my eyes. “Whether it’s my holiday experiences to Pakistan, or my luxury home fragrances, it’s all about giving people a positive sensorial experience of Pakistan. “I believe to remove ignorance and racism one has to educate individuals starting from the youth, which is why I believe the onus is on brands like mine to form collaborations with schools to deliver events like todays, which empowers the youth, providing them with event management skill sets and inspiring them to research on topics outside the curriculum. “We can’t expect the government or schools to do everything, businesses and individuals have to play a role.  “This event is all about empowering the youth and showcasing the best of what women from Indian and Pakistan have to offer in an inclusive manner. “It’s about celebrating Pakistan resolution day, educating people about the significance of the day but also showing a united front with our Indian neighbours with whom we share many common values.” She added: “It is very much about encouraging communities and neighbours to interact and engage with one another and that’s why all communities have been invited so we can celebrate the diverse UK we live in. “History is what it is, we can’t change that but we can play a role in the future we want. I can’t change the world but I can have an impact on the community I live in, which is to be a more tolerant and inclusive one, accepting the diversity of the culture amongst which we live.”  One of the speeches was given by schoolboy Vishal, who appealed for forgiveness from both communities to each other. He said: “We are celebrating Pakistan Resolution Day and Pakistan and India’s soon to be 75 years of Independence, this is a great achievement as each nation can celebrate their religion and culture, how they would like, without anyone judging or discriminating against them. “Allowing anyone to be whoever they’d like to be. “Which is why I believe it is futile for India and Pakistan to be quarreling over the past. We must remember a simple phrase: Forgive and forget. “Time has moved on, so let’s make the most of the future.” 