Estimates from the United Nations (UN) show nearly four million people have escaped the war in Ukraine and made their way into neighbouring countries. The Russian invasion has created the worst humanitarian crisis in Europe since World War Two, with nations across the continent opening up their borders to refugees. The UK has so far been criticised for the pace and scale of its refugee response, despite the Government’s announcement of the Homes for Ukraine scheme. Under the project, individuals will be offered £350 per month to house Ukrainian refugees, rent-free, for at least six months. Many of the people who have fled the war will likely be experiencing some level of trauma, though it won’t become clear how bad this is until more time passes. One thing Ukrainians could be suffering from is “transition shock” - a reaction created by the sudden removal without consent of all that was normal and every day in a person’s life.  READ MORE: Energy warning: Ofgem greenlights Gazprom takeover in major change Noel McDermott, a psychotherapist with over 25 years of professional experience, told Express.co.uk the key way to help people move through transition shock is through embedding them in a “normal everyday routine”. Mr McDermott explained that in his view the Homes for Ukraine scheme is a “stroke of genius psychologically” as it will allow “ordinary folk” to help each other. He said: “When people [refugees] come, what they’re going to meet are just ordinary folk who have an emphatic, heartfelt response. “They will encourage their guests to engage with local services, such as schools, doctors, and the hosts will have that local knowledge and motivation to engage with their guests.  “Crucially, it also deals with another issue which is the right to get on and use all the skills that you have so that you don’t become cut off.” One of the unique traits of the refugee movement from Ukraine is that it’s mostly made up of just women and children, due to men aged between 18-60 being conscripted to stay behind and fight. Consequently, the psychotherapist described the refugee wave as “unprecedented” and said that it will require an “extraordinary response” to meet their needs. More than 100,000 British residents have signed up to take part in the Homes for Ukraine scheme.  DON'T MISS: Angela Rayner ridiculed over Russia nuclear weapons claim [EXPLAINED]Biden to snub trade deal over 'blood, sweat and tears' [NEWS]Man hurls petrol bomb at Putin's home– angry Russian uprising erupts [WATCH] The Levelling Up Secretary, Michael Gove, said that the UK should expect “tens of thousands” of Ukrainian refugees in the coming months. When they do arrive Mr McDermott said its important services are initially targeted at things refugees “can’t actually do for themselves” and that they’re left alone to still do what they can. He added: “The more you play to people’s strengths the more effective is their healing and growth. “You want to be engaging people in looking after themselves, their own self-care and you want to be establishing connections because we’re social animals.  “If we’re isolated from human connections we feel huge amounts of distress. The more we are connected to other people the less distressed we feel and the fewer psychological problems we have.” Mr McDermott said one way of visualising how we should look to help refugees settle is through a theory called “Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs”. The hypothesis uses a pyramid structure to explain the five categories of human needs which dictate an individual's behaviour or level of motivation. At the base of the pyramid are ‘psychological needs’ and the suggestion is that if you can meet this category first then you build a solid foundation for people to move forward with. 