Tottenham's interest in a deal to bring Adama Traore to north London might be all but over after reports stated the on-loan Barcelona winger could make his switch to the Nou Camp permanent in a swap deal for prodigy Francisco Trincao.   The Spaniard was subject to a bid by the Lilywhites in the January transfer window after increased efforts were made for his signature by Antonio Conte. Reports stated that a bid of around £25million was required by the Molineux outfit, with Conte wanting to try Traore as a right-wing-back due to his pace, strength and crossing ability. But a deal wasn't agreed for the 26-year-old, with Tottenham's final bid only totalling £15m - leaving them with just Matt Doherty and Emerson Royal as out-and-out choices for the role. Instead he moved to Barcelona on a six-month loan, with an option to make the deal permanent at the end of the season. READ MORE: Rangnick's view on squad could still save Man Utd from £100m signing  And not only do the Blaugrana have a future fee inserted, but they could also use winger Trincao - who is on loan at Wolves this season - as a makeweight in a deal to bring the winger to the Nou Camp, according to Mundo Deportivo. The report states that Trincao is valued by Barcelona chiefs at around £26m given his young age, international experience and long-term contract. The 22-year-old has made 22 appearances for Bruno Lage's men this season, scoring a solitary goal against Nottingham Forest in the League Cup. But his seven caps for Portugal alongside his 111 senior appearances at club make him an interesting project for the future. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up relegation danger  And with Traore's fee being set at £30m, a pact could be made in a swap deal that is suitable for both clubs. It leaves Spurs ruing yet another mistake in the transfer window after Conte voiced his unhappiness at previous mishaps in terms of recruitment. “It is inevitable that in January it is very difficult to get two players like Bentancur and Kulusevski to sign who, I repeat, are the ideal prospects for Tottenham,” the Italian said. “Because Tottenham is looking for young players, players to be developed, not ready players. That is the issue.  “The vision, the philosophy of the club is this. It is inevitable that if you want to grow faster and if you want to be competitive more quickly you need players with a lot of experience because they also lead to an increase in experience in your team. "But then again, the vision of the club I realised is this and will continue to be this. For this reason it will take a lot of patience.” Traore has four assists in nine games for the Spanish giants. 