Coronation Street actress Susie Blake is happy with life as a single lady as she believes she is “far too difficult” for love. Susie once married fellow actor Martin Potter but the pair separated in 1998. Now, the 71-year-old has confessed she has not been looking to date anyone for more than two decades. But she is happy with the way her life has been in those years as she enjoys having a busy work schedule. She told Mirror.co.uk that she is “a romantic” but is “perfectly happy living alone”. Susie continued: "I am far too difficult. I haven’t dated since, I think, 2000. READ MORE: Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' “I like watching an old romantic film. I don’t see myself as being involved in it any more. “I had a lovely, lovely time. And I’ve got a beautiful son out of it and some stepdaughters who live abroad.” The Silky Hotel star added that she "loves working" and "loves people". She explained it "doesn't occur" to her to share her life, which she loves so much, with anybody else. Susie’s Corrie character, Rovers landlady Bev Unwin, made her a staple in British households. She portrayed the role from 2003 to 2006 and later reprised it in 2015. Bev returned to Weatherfield for Deirdre Barlow's funeral. Her return came after Anne Kirkbride - who played Deirdre Barlow - died in January 2015. DON'T MISS‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [INSIGHT]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram [NEWS]Brendan Cole's ex-Strictly partner Victoria Pendleton admits issues [UPDATE] The actress sadly died aged 60 following a short battle with cancer. She had portrayed Deirdre for 42 years, making her one of the soap’s longest-running characters. However, asked now whether she would make a similar return in the future, Susie confessed she would not go back to soap acting. The star explained that she believed that TV acting was for the younger generations. She said it was a "young man’s game" or for middle-aged people at least, something she is now "past". Reflecting on the differences between TV and theatre acting, Susie said the latter was more physically demanding, but that it was easier in that she can tell a story "from beginning to end" in one shift. Conversely, while filming a television show, Susie said actors have "15 episodes in [their] hand at a time", which makes the work "really difficult and really mentally exhausting".