Kate Llewellyn-Waters is a nutritionist who has appeared in fitness and weight loss TV shows such as You Are What You Eat. She shared exclusively with Express.co.uk her advice on how to lose weight quickly during menopause. Kate explained "good nutrition and exercise" is essential to feel better during menopause. "Most women find that they can cope with the premenopausal period much easier than they think," she said. What diet should women be following and what foods should they include in their meal plan? Kate said: "A great place to start is by considering your daily diet as good nutrition has been shown to improve certain menopausal symptoms, such as hot flushes and night sweats, as well as helping you manage your weight, which is a real concern for many women going through the menopause. READ MORE: Fabulous at 60: Woman loses 5st during menopause with easy diet  "Focus on your diet," she recommended. Kate continued: "Some of the easiest, most effective nutritional interventions that can help symptoms and weight management during this often tricky time, include increasing your intake of plant-based foods." Some delicious plant-based foods women should be including in their diet are "chickpeas, lentils, beans, tofu or miso". The nutritionist also advised to "aim for five servings of veg and two servings of fruit per day".  For those suffering from menopause symptoms, "variety is key". "So make sure you include different vegetables and fruit in your daily diet," Kate said. The dietist said slimmers should avoid "white pasta and bread" and instead, opt for "complex carbohydrates, such as wholegrain bread, brown rice and wholewheat pasta". This is because the wholegrain varieties contain more fibre, vitamins and minerals than their white counterparts. "They also take longer to digest, which means they have less of an immediate impact on blood sugar, therefore, causing it to rise more slowly. "Complex carbs foods that are high in fibre, also help make us feel fuller for longer, so we are less likely to reach for a high-sugar, high-fat, high-calorie snack in between meals," Kate explained. Therefore, focusing on a healthy and varied diet, as well as including the recommended foods, is key to losing weight during menopause. Kate concluded: "Focus on including in your daily diet a variety of wholegrains, legumes (chickpeas, beans, lentils). "Different-coloured vegetables and fruit (all of which are loaded with nutrients and dietary fibre). "And good quality protein sources (eggs, salmon, sardines) as well as healthy fats (avocado, olive oil, seeds)." All of these "will reduce the risk of weight gain, hormonal imbalance and also developing chronic diseases during this important time". "With good nutrition and adequate daily exercise many women find that they can manage the premenopausal period much easier than they think," she said.