A volunteer battalion of Belarusian forces has released a video declaring their support for Ukraine as they vowed to "de-blockade" the besieged Mariupol from Russian forces. Belarus, which is one of Vladimir Putin's few remaining allies, has been used to launch attacks and deploy troops into Ukraine. However, the video announcement is another sign that the Russian invasion is backfiring on President Putin. In the video, a Belarusian troop says: "For three weeks already, the whole of Ukraine is fighting the Russian invaders. "The most difficult situation is near Mariupol, which is surrounded. Russia is conducting a true genocide there. "They want to wipe Mariupol from the face of the Earth. Mariupol must be de-blockaded. "The whole world community should be talking today about Mariupol. "We will provide support to all residents of Mariupol and will be trying to help Ukraine to de-blockade Mariupol. "Mariupol is a Ukrainian city and it will remain so." JUST IN: Russian soldiers now begging Ukrainians for food as villagers hounded The troops then all chant together: "Glory to Ukraine. Glory to the heroes. Long live Belarus." Belarusian media outlet Nexta tweeted the video, adding: "The Belarusian Volunteer Battalion named after Kastus Kalinovsky will come to help the Armed Forces of Ukraine in breaking the blockade of Mariupol "Many Belarusians are fighting on the side of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, and the flow of volunteers does not stop growing." It has been noted that the Belarusian troops that have volunteered to fight Russian forces are likely to be punished if they return to their home country. One Reddit user Aspos summed this up: "If they are Belarus citizens, they will face some difficulties when and if they return back home. "It is illegal to join foreign armed forces and Lukashenko will put them in prison. So these guys are fighting not for their own country, but for their neighbours. "Moreover, they fight fully knowing they will be thrown to prisons back home and still do it. Mad respect." The effort to free Mariupol from Russian bombardment comes as around 300,000 people remain trapped inside the city. Russian forces have encircled the city, which has no running electricity, water or gas. The attacks have already hit a hospital, a church and countless apartment blocks. Local officials estimate that around 80 percent of residential buildings in the city are either damaged or destroyed - a third of them beyond repair. DON'T MISS: Ukrainian soldiers sing 'God Save The Queen' and praise UK weapons [VIDEO]Queen's traditional royal duty 'struck from monarch's diary' [INSIGHT]Ukraine war LIVE: Terrifying 'invisible' missile fired for first time [LIVE BLOG] The Russian onslaught sparked outrage this week after bombing a theatre that had been used as a shelter for Ukrainian civilians. The theatre had been clearly marked as a civilian shelter, with the Russian word for 'children' etched on the ground outside the building. The city's mayor Vadym Boychenko confirmed that there was now "street fighting in the city centre" which had hindered the rescue operation for those hit by the theatre attack. The authorities in Mariupol say at least 2,500 people have been killed in the city since the start of the war, although this is thought to be an underestimate.