Emmerdale viewers may not have seen the end of Meena Jutla’s (played by Paige Sandhu) mischief. The serial killer was recently captured and has been charged with murder after killing several villagers. However, it seems she’s still stirring up trouble from her jail cell. According to official ITV soap spoilers, Meena will lie to the police in a bid to frame her sister Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker) for murder. Could Manpreet end up being arrested as well? So far, Meena has refused to confess to her full list of crimes, much to the anger of Emmerdale’s residents. In upcoming scenes on Emmerdale, Manpreet has agreed to visit Meena in exchange for her confession but is questioning her decision. When she finally arrives at the prison to come face to face with her siblings, Manpreet is dealt a shocking blow. Meena quickly asserts that they both have to take responsibility for their actions. READ MORE: Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? She insists Manpreet will have to reveal she lied to the police in her testimony to protect Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson). Furious at her sister's ultimatum, Manpreet loses it and slaps Meena across the face. However, she’s soon relieved when Meena appears to agree to confess all of her crimes. Manpreet later returns to the village and tells Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) Meena’s agreed to confess. He’s relieved to hear the news. However, when speaking to the police it seems that Meena finds a way to turn the tables on Manpreet. The manipulative serial killer lies to the police, telling them Manpreet was the one who killed Andrea Tate (Anna Nightingale). Meena seems utterly convincing as she gives a false version of events, hoping to bring Manpreet down with her. The next day, the police take Manpreet in for questioning over Meena’s latest accusations. Distraught over her sister's lies, Manpreet fears she will never escape the shadow cast by Meena’s actions. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid fumes over UK response to Ukrainian refugees [WATCH]‘Give us a chance!’ Ukrainian tennis star pleads with the west for help [MUST SEE]The Crown star speaks out on accepting Prince Andrew role [INSIGHT] How will Manpreet cope under the pressure of a police interview as she attempts to prove Meena is lying? Manpreet kissed her ex Charles at the survival challenge event after they nearly died. However, Charles was dating Andrea at the time, who was later killed. Meena could use this information to convince the police Manpreet had a motive to kill Andrea. However, some viewers have pointed out on Twitter that Manpreet has a solid alibi as she was with Charles when Andrea was killed. “How can Meena blame Manpreet for Andrea's death, Manpreet was with Charles not even near the maize #Emmerdale @emmerdale,” @tamlizann said. (sic) “Meena framing Manpreet for Andrea's murder when there will be multiple witnesses that she was with injured Charles the entire time, then was with Marlon and Paddy is beyond stupid #Emmerdale,” @JamieNews81 wrote. Will the police believe Meena and arrest Manpreet for murder? Viewers will have to tune in to find out her fate. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm on ITV. 