England thrashed Andorra 4-1 to claim yet another important three points on their road to next summer's Under-21 European Championships on Friday night, but some stars could even make it into Gareth Southgate's senior squad for the World Cup in November. England under-21s secured another vital win on the road qualifying for next summer's European Championships, with a 4-1 win against Andorra on Friday. It was a spirited effort by the minnows at Dean Court, but Folarin Balogun's early strike gave England the perfect start, and Jacob Ramsey fired in a stunning second to double their advantage before half-time. England came flying out the traps in the second half too, as Morgan Gibbs-White tapped in a third after Balogun was denied a brace from close range. Andorra did grab one back as Albert Rosas capitalised on a defensive slip before scoring a well-taken goal, but Anthony Gordon came off the bench to restore their three-goal advantage. England's young stars continue to impress under Lee Carsley, and with the World Cup now just eight months away, there is a chance that some youngsters could push for a place in the senior squad come November. Here Express Sport takes a look at four stars that could still make it into Southgate's World Cup squad in time for Qatar 2022. READ MORE: Boris Johnson makes Euro 2028 gaffe as PM backs Ukraine to host Ramsey has enjoyed a breakthrough season at Aston Villa, and his stunning strike against Andorra was the least that he deserved after a fine display for the England under-21s. It was his first goal at that level for the three lions, and after finding the net on six occasions for Villa this season, it's his best goalscoring season to date. The 20-year-old has become a pivotal figure under Steven Gerrard, linking up with Brazilian duo Douglas Luiz and Philippe Coutinho in midfield, and it's in the middle of the park that Southgate may be assessing his options. Declan Rice and Kalvin Phillips were an undroppable duo during the Euros, but the Leeds star has barely featured this season. Ramsey could make a late claim for a call-up to the senior squad if he continues his fine form into next season, and if he can add goals to his game internationally, it may be difficult for Southgate to ignore. Ramsey has only missed two Premier League games all season for Villa, as he continues to improve. DON'T MISS...Chelsea fans tear into Maguire as England training pictures emergeJermain Defoe retires: Star explains decision to hang up his bootsWho Are Ya? is Wordle clone for footy fans: Can you guess the player? England may have an abundance of quality options at right-back, but the left-back position remains a talking point as Luke Shaw has struggled this season after an emphatic summer. Shaw is still one of the standout choices, but Tyrick Mitchell's progression at Crystal Palace has been recognised with a recent call-up. Another name that could be considered is Leicester City star Luke Thomas, who has gone below the radar recently for Brendan Rodgers' side. The 20-year-old has been an extremely useful asset for Leicester over the last two seasons as injury problems persist in defence. Rodgers may have used Thomas more than he'd originally intended, but the left-back has already racked up 18 Premier League appearances this season and has been one of Leicester's reliable defenders. His consistency could see him make a late push for Southgate's squad, with uncertainties over left-back options. Harvey Elliott continues to show his maturity and ability at the highest level, despite still only being 18 years old. The Liverpool star is also extremely versatile, playing not only out wide, but also being a regular feature for the Reds in midfield. Jurgen Klopp described his injury as "one of the worst moments of his managerial career" back in September, but Elliott has bounced back, and returned with even more hunger and desire. It surely won't be long before he is mixing with the senior side, and his versatility will also keep him in Southgate's good books. Elliott previously hadn't represented England higher than under-17 level, but made his debut for the under-21s against Andorra, and seemed to fit right in. The youngster has also driven England to success previously, as he scored in the final as the Three Lions' under-17 side lifted the Syrenka Cup back in 2019. Nono Madueke is still a relatively unknown quantity, and that's because he's one of the few stars that is playing his football away from English soil on a day-to-day basis. The young forward has become a star at Dutch side PSV over the last two seasons, and is ensuring they keep chase with Ajax at the top of the Eredivisie. Madueke has been linked with a move back to Tottenham in recent transfer windows, as Spurs must regret letting him go back in 2018, for free. But he has come back with a vengeance, and is deserved of his place in the England under-21 side. Harry Kane remains the obvious choice in attack, but Madueke can play both centrally and out wide, and with England's back-up striker options limited, he may fancy his chances. And with Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford both left out of Southgate's recent squad, competition for forwards are high.