Convening in the luxurious Versailles Palace, EU leaders clashed over issues relating to the Russian led invasion of Ukraine, as well as the notion of expanding the bloc to include new members. Since making the plea to the European Parliament, current member states have been largely divided as to including Ukraine into the bloc at such short notice.  The highly polarised debate saw many Eastern European nations calling for a positive move towards allowing Ukraine to join the union. However, more established members of the EU applied the buffers, stating Ukraine’s current status as a “candidate nation” enjoying “association agreement” with the bloc would remain the status quo as the country remained on the fringes of the alliance. EU leaders did however unanimously agree in voicing support for Ukraine through political and financial means. Member states also agreed to assist Ukrainian refugees fleeing the war, which according to the latest UN figures have now passed 2.2 million people in total. Many of those escaping the crisis have fled to Poland, Moldova and Romania.  The UK Government has pledged to assist Ukrainian refugees, however, the response has been highly criticized by opposition parties who label the move as too slow. Almost 300 Ukrainian refugees trying to reach the UK have already been turned back at the French border by British Border Force officials, the Calais authorities have said. Hundreds more are trying to complete paperwork for the visa allowing them to cross the Channel by tunnel or ferry. Speaking of Ukraines membership after the meeting, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte gave a solemn statement. He said: "There is no such thing as a fast track. "I want to focus on what can we do for Volodymyr Zelenskyy tonight, tomorrow, and EU accession of Ukraine is something for the long-term — if at all.”  READ MORE:Smiling Macron revels in spotlight as Europe on brink of war A joint statement from the EU leaders released early today, said the European Council has "acted swiftly" and invited the European Commission to submit its opinion on Ukraine’s application for membership "in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Treaties." The statement continued: “Pending this and without delay, we will further strengthen our bonds and deepen our partnership to support Ukraine in pursuing its European path. Ukraine belongs to our European family.” The summit also discussed security concerns surrounding the Russian invasion of Ukraine. A joint statement by leaders after the meeting said: "Two weeks ago Russia brought war back to Europe. “Russia’s unprovoked and unjustified military aggression against Ukraine grossly violates international law and the principles of the UN Charter and undermines European and global security and stability.”  DON'T MISS: Putin's terrifying supersonic nuke bomber poised [REPORT]Putin begins devastating Kyiv onslaught [REVEAL]France fury as retirement age HIKED [INSIGHT] The statement said EU member states will enforce the implementation of sanctions imposed on Russia over its invasion and they are ready to institute more measures if needed to keep pressure on both Russia and Belarus. It read: "We are determined to increase even further our pressure on Russia and Belarus. We have adopted significant sanctions and remain ready to move quickly with further sanctions.” Ahead of the summit, French and German leaders Emmanuel Macron and Olaf Scholz jointly phoned Russian President Vladimir Putin to call for an immediate ceasefire in Ukraine.  A joint statement by Mr Macron and Mr Scholz following the call said: "We call on Russia to fully abide by its obligations under international humanitarian law. “It must ensure safe and unhindered humanitarian access to the victims and internally displaced persons in Ukraine, and allow safe passage for those civilians who want to leave.” As the meeting took place, Russia has intensified its move on Ukraine, with reports emerging suggesting the convoy on the outskirts of Kyiv is starting to reposition causing fears of an intense attack on the city over the coming days. Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko says half the population of the city of about three million has already fled, saying the city "has been transformed into a fortress". He added: "Every street, every building, every checkpoint has been fortified.” 