Adele, 33, cancelled a series of gigs at Caesers Palace Colosseum just hours before her first show in January. It comes after the Easy On Me hitmaker had said that the show was "not ready" to go ahead and added that a number of her team members had contracted Covid at the time. It has now been reported that the British singer is in talks to reschedule the concert but at an alternative venue. The Grammy Award-winning singer was due to perform 24 shows at Caesers Palace in Las Vegas but it has since been claimed that the concert could be moved to Planet Hollywood’s Zappos Theatre. According to The Sun, talks are ongoing about rescheduling the show date and possibly the venue. A source told the publication: “Talks are ongoing with Adele about the possibility of her moving the residency to Zappos. READ MORE: Rihanna causes a stir as pregnant star steps out in risqué lace thong “The venue is within the Caesars family — who she has the huge money deal with — and it’s world-class. “It’s been a residency spot for a host of huge stars, including Jennifer Lopez and Shania Twain, and after the issues raised by Adele about her set and the sound quality at the Colosseum it seems Zappos could be the answer." They added that "Zappos could be the perfect fit" for the popular singer. Zappos is twice the size of the Caesers Palace Colosseum and can hold 7,000 fans.  Express.co.uk has contacted Adele's representatives for comment. The news comes after the performer admitted she "regrets" having to have postponed her Vegas residency. Adele made the admission while appearing on The Graham Norton Show last month. When quizzed on the cancellations, Adele said: “I tried my hardest and really thought I would be able to pull something together in time. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update[LATEST]Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband[PICTURES]Carol Kirkwood reacts as BBC colleague suffers injury after accident[TWITTER] “I regret that I kept going until that late in the day. “It would have been a really half-a***d show and I can’t do that. People will see straight through me up on the stage and know I didn’t want to be doing it. “I’ve never done anything like that in my life and I’m not going to start now.” On when the tour will go ahead, Adele said she and her team are “working our a***s off”. However, she confessed that she doesn’t want to announce a new set of dates until she knows “everything will definitely be ready”. Luckily, she did assure fans that the tour will be happening before the end of 2022. The singer added: “The sooner I can announce the better, but I just can’t in case we are not ready in time. It is absolutely 100 percent happening this year.” Meanwhile, Adele was in attendance at this year's BRIT Awards where she performed her song I Drink Wine.