Many of the younger royal children were in attendance having been unable to attend the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral last April. However, now a year older, both Princess Charlotte and Mia Tindall joined their parents at Westminster Abbey for a touching memorial to Prince Philip.  As the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge left the Abbey with her parents and her older brother Prince George, one adorable blink-and-you'll miss it moment saw her cousin excitedly wave at her in a brief yet sweet moment caught on camera. Mia Tindall, the eldest daughter of Zara and Mike Tindall, was sitting with her parents and her younger sister Lena. Royal fans took to Twitter to gush about the royal cousins. User, @loveforcambridg, wrote: "Aw so cute! I love how close the Cambridges and Tindalls are."  Another user, @samgrac79203530, simply tweeted "Adorable" with a smiling heart emoji. The service marked a momentous occasion for George and Charlotte, as this was the first major televised church service they have attended. George and Charlotte were joined by some of the Queen and Prince Philip’s other great-grandchildren, including Savannah and Isla Phillips.  READ MORE: Kate and William's 'charm offensive' denounced as royal fury explodes However, both the Cambridge’s and the Tindall’s left their youngest children, Prince Louis and Lucas Tindall, at home. Many guests were unable to attend the funeral last year due to COVID-19 restrictions. One notable absence on Tuesday’s service was Prince Harry, who stayed in California with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children Archie and Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.  DON'T MISS:Prince Philip memorial: 'Sour' BBC blasted for Philip coverage [REVEAL]How Prince Philip was related to these European royals [ROYAL HISTORY]European royals: Everyone attending Prince Philip memorial today - [LIST] The Duke of Sussex is involved in a dispute over his personal security, having lost the right to taxpayer-funded police protection when he stepped back as a senior royal and moved to the US. The Queen has yet to meet nine-month-old Lilibet, who was born just two months after Prince Philip’s death. Of the Queen and Prince Philip’s brood of 12 great-grandchildren, many share a touching nod to either the Queen or the late Duke. August Philip Hawke Brooksbank and Lucas Philip Tindall, both born in 2021, share a touching nod to their great-grandfather in their middle names. 