Prince William has been left to "fend for himself" in Jamaica as the royal's tour to the Caribbean with Kate, Duchess of Cambrige, was met with protests calling for preparation for Britain's role in the slave trade. The Duke of Cambridge opted not to apologise for slavery, just as his father Charles, the Prince of Wales, had not during his visit to Barbados when the island become a republic. Reporter Cameron Walker told Express Royal Round Up host Pandora Forsyth: "I think William has quite a difficult job because royals should traditionally always stay out of politics. "But when they're involved in the politics themselves, it does create a bit bit of a tricky situation. "Especially since the Prime Minister of Jamaica, disperse William and Kate a little bit on the spots yesterday where he publicly expressed in front of the cameras the wish for what at least his wish for his Government to. make Jamaica a republic. "So I think William struck the right balance last night." The Royal correspondent for the GB News added: "I think it would have created humongous headlines if he did apologise for his historical links to slavery. "And I think it would also play into that narrative which we've seen online that you know, the British Royal Family are racists from, you know, the fallouts from Harry and Megan's interview." It comes as The Duke of Cambridge denounced slavery as "abhorrent", saying "it should never have happened" as he addressed the issue following days of protests calling for reparations from the royal family. Prince William expressed his "profound sorrow" at the forced transportation of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America - a trade which British monarchs either supported or profited from during the 17th and 18th centuries.  Speaking during his visit to Jamaica with Kate, he echoed the words of his father the Prince of Wales and described the slave trade as an "appalling atrocity" that "stains our history" and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica's "pain". The Cambridges' tour of Belize, Jamaica and the forthcoming final leg in the Bahamas has prompted demonstrations and statements calling for an apology from the royal family. Elizabeth I was involved with one of Britain's first slave traders, John Hawkins, while Charles II encouraged the expansion of the industry and with his brother the Duke of York, later James II, invested their private funds in the Royal African Company, which transported Africans across the Atlantic. As the slavery abolitionists campaigned they were opposed by the Duke of Clarence, George III's son, later to become William IV. DON'T MISS: Astonishing wage of P&O boss behind mass sacking [REVEALED] UK gas prices SOAR as Putin demands payment in roubles [LATEST] Prince Charles health: Swollen hands gave him ‘sausage fingers’ [REPORT] The royal and the rest of the pro-slavery lobby would eventually lose the battle when William Wilberforce and other abolitionists succeeded in passing the bill banning the slave trade in 1807. It comes as US chatshow host Whoopi Goldberg hit out at the Royal Family over Britain's historic ties to the empire and the slave trade. Ms Goldberg told the View: "Britain ran ram shod over India for years. Let us not forget when we talk about what needs to happen, all the folks that need to apologise." She added: "Listen, this is not new.  I suspect Charles when he was in Barbados had some idea because he went on and apologised, yes, he was releasing the hold that Britain has. So perhaps someone is listening, and it's the new group of folks I don't know if it's Charles but one of them."