The high-street retailer has stopped sending its products to stores operated by a Turkish franchise partner in Russia. It said it had done so "given the unfolding humanitarian crisis following the invasion of Ukraine".  M&S has over 40 franchised stores in Russia, the majority of which being located in Moscow. It is the latest brand to sever ties with Russia following the invasion. Boohoo, Ikea and H&M have all also announced plans to stop Russian sales recently. Yesterday (Wednesday), pub chain Wetherspoons said that it would no longer sell Russian beer in a boycott of the country.   In a statement, M&S said: "We are doing everything we can to support the people of Ukraine, and in response to the growing refugee crisis we are building on our existing support for Unicef UK's Ukraine appeal with a £1.5 million package to support the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) and Unicef to help children and families in need. "This is made up of a kickstart £500,000 donation to UNHCR with a further £500,000 for matched fundraising for all our global colleagues and double donations on Sparks transactions". It added: "We are also providing practical help through UNHCR, donating 20,000 units of coats and thermals for families in need, totalling a further £500,000." The Russian military has stepped up its offensive on Ukraine, including heavy missile bombardment of the capital Kyiv. Ukrainian armed forces and civilians have held off the invading troops in many places, but there have been reported tragic casualties as a result of Russian attacks. There have been claims that Russia has been deliberately hitting civilian targets to make their presence in the country seem greater. On Tuesday, the International Criminal Court announced that it would investigated potential war crimes committed by Russia as part of the offensive. Karim Khan QC, the ICC’s prosecutor, said that “there is a reasonable basis to believe that both alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed in Ukraine”.  World Health Organisation officials said on Wednesday that Ukraine was also facing a medical crisis. They predicted a shortage of oxygen, insulin and other essential supplies would grow more dire in the weeks and months ahead. Estimates also suggest that as many as a million people have fled Ukraine, posing a massive refugee crisis. Meanwhile, Russia and Putin have been boycotted by many sporting organisations.  Russian football clubs have been banned by Fifa and Uefa from all competitions, and Russia's national team has been barred from competing in the World Cup play-offs. The International Tennis Federation suspended the Russian Tennis Federation and Belarus Tennis Federation, and cancelled all events in Russia "indefinitely".  F1 driver Nikita Mazepin, son of Russian oligarch Dmitry Mazepin, will have to race under a neutral flag this coming season, and will not be able to race at Silverstone. Putin himself has been suspended as an honourary president of the International Judo Federation. 