The owners of a bungalow may now face enforcement action after building a dormer and extension. The work included adding doors out onto a roof terrace on top of the extension, which overlooks neighbouring gardens. Neighbours in Barry, south Wales, complained to their council, claiming the extensions were "intrusive and overbearing". Councillor Janice Charles, speaking on behalf of one affected neighbours, told a Vale of Glamorgan Council meeting about the "harassment and intimidation" faced by her constituent. She said: "They have been fighting this battle for over a year now and it seems the neighbours have a total lack of respect for the planning procedure and the law. The main area of concern was when CCTV cameras were put up directed only into their garden. "No aspect of the build has complied with legislation. The whole family has suffered mentally due to their actions, with two teenage daughters who feel uncomfortable in the garden due to the case of overlooking. They worry about the ability to feel comfortable in the summer. "Their whole build is overbearing and intrusive. It certainly stands out in a very invasive manner, compared to designs of other houses in the area. Rules are in place for a reason and should be followed. If that happens, we wouldn’t be in the situation we’re in today." The owners of the house with the extention did not attend the meeting, Wales Online reports. The planning committee voted to approve enforcement action, which could mean railings being put up preventing access to the roof terrace, and setting back the dormer. Bosses at the council, which the Tories lost to no overall control in 2012, said the structures are "larger than what can be erected without permission." Ian Robinson, operational manager for planning and building control, said: "We had a complaint from a neighbouring property, so officers investigated that and found those structures to be larger than what can be erected without permission. "The dormer extension has doors on the back of it and they give access to a large roof terrace, which has direct unobstructed views of the neighbouring property. Overlooking from this terrace is excessive and harmful to the living conditions of the neighbouring property." 