Mikel Arteta’s transfer decisions are made with the best interests of Arsenal at heart and have proven many wrong this season, according to Ian Wright. The Gunners splashed the cash in the summer transfer window to bring in six new players before trimming the squad in January.     Arsenal are undergoing a squad overhaul under Arteta, with a great deal of activity in the past two transfer windows. The club recruited heavily in the summer, shelling out over £150million to bring in Takehiro Tomiyasu, Aaron Ramsdale, Ben White, Nuno Tavares, Albert Sambi Lokonga and Martin Odegaard. They then went the opposite way in January, allowing captain Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to join Barcelona on a free transfer after a falling out with Arteta. Meanwhile, Ainsley Maitland-Niles, Folarin Balogun and Pablo Mari all left on loan, while Calum Chambers and Sead Kolasinac were released on free transfers. JUST IN: Man Utd warned of Rice's conditions for leaving West Ham It is quite the turnover of players and has prompted many fans to openly question the wisdom behind it, but former Arsenal striker Wright has backed up Arteta’s thinking. “That’s what they said with Aaron Ramsdale and Tomiyasu, the way he was lambasted, and people laughed at us in fact with the signings,” Wright said on the Wrighty’s House podcast. “Even with Auba and what happened with [Mesut] Ozil, he’s had to clear things out, and now we need goals. DON'T MISS Barcelona boss Xavi holds secret Erling Haaland transfer talks Chelsea star's comments may alter summer transfer priority after sale Tottenham eye new defensive option with RB Leipzig star 'top priority' “The fact is that Mikel makes decisions for the club and for the team, and I can see what we’re trying to do. “Hopefully more things can happen in the summer that can bolt onto this team and what we’re trying to do.” Arsenal are likely to be in the market for a new striker in the summer after missing out on signing a new forward in January. The Gunners made Dusan Vlahovic their number one target, but the Serbian striker decided to snub Arsenal and swap Fiorentina for Juventus instead.  Real Sociedad’s Alexander Isak, Atletico Madrid’s Alvaro Morata – who is on loan at Juventus – Lille’s Jonathan David, Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Aston Villa’s Ollie Watkins have all been linked with the club. The need is particularly acute due to the fact that both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are due to be out of contract on July 1. The success of the club’s recruitment efforts could depend on where they finish this season. The Gunners are currently sixth in the Premier League, two points adrift of Manchester United in fourth, but with three games in hand. Champions League qualification would be a huge boost for Arteta’s side, who have not played in the competition since the 2016/17 season. 