Former British Ambassador to the US, Sir Christopher Meyer sat down on GB News to talk about ways to slow Putin down. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine and has been facing ongoing global political backlash which has led to damaging economic sanctions on the Russian economy. The Russian Ruble took a crash due to those sanctions, and many more Western companies have banned Russians from using their services. Mr Meyer says that he hopes the sanction will be enough to deter Putin from further barbaric actions on Ukraine.  Mr Meyer said: "Well at the moment it is the main weapon that we in the West have at our disposal from stopping Putin from doing what he's doing right now. "We had hope that the threat of sanctions will be a sufficient deterrent to stop him invading Ukraine. "But he clearly priced in some form of sanctions already and was determined to go ahead. "So the question which is before us today, and which I hope is being discussed in the series of international meetings that are taking place across the water, is what more can be done to stop him on his barbarous path? JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Mr Meyer added: "Because what we're doing at the moment is clearly not enough. "Having said that, this is not sanctions, economic measures don't bring results. "And I think the best that we can hope, and let's just put it as crudely as necessary, is to slow strangulation of the Putin regime leading to a situation in which his own people will say to him... This is enough we need another leader, get out." Foreign Secretary for the UK, Liz Truss has been working tirelessly for the past two weeks to impose financial sanctions on Russia. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse Some members of the public have been calling for the UK Government to implement more sanctions on Russians living in the UK who have connections to Putin. This week has seen wealthy Russian Oligarchs like Roman Abramovich sell off assets due to tot his reason. One Government official said: “I’m not sure the post-Brexit legislation is the issue. "Sanctions are difficult and they are always harder than people realise. “But there’s also a question of whether they started work on this as soon as they should have? "Should they have looked at the most sensitive political cases and started work on this earlier?” DON’T MISS:'He's gone berserk' Putin mental state under question as Polish mayor slams Russia leader   Last week numerous countries decided to come together to limit Russian access to various economic systems, one of which is the SWIFT interbank messaging system. This is one of the main reasons for the drop in the Russian economy. Dominic Raab, Deputy Prime Minister in Britain has claimed that the UK has sanctioned more banks than the EU, during an interview with Sky News. Mr Raab said: "There has been a running commentary that the UK has somehow been slow - we've not been slow. "We've been at the vanguard of taking action and, of course, what is really important is we act in concert with our allies, European, American and other Nato allies. 