Mark Harper appeared on BBC Politics Live to discuss concerns that Vladimir Putin may send over Russian agents using the Ukraine refugee scheme to conduct espionage. Mr Harper explained it was important to introduce a safe scheme but clashed with Baroness Kennedy who suggested the idea Ukrainians needed to go through security checks abroad was "ridiculous" as many could arrive in the UK and conduct them there. It comes as the UK has come under fire for not doing enough to help refugees with the Government extending its visa scheme to allow more Ukrainians in. Mark Harper stressed that the UK should introduce a generous scheme while protecting the security of the country. Mr Harper suggested Putin has already used chemical weapons on British soil and may seek to exploit the UK’s refugee system to place Russian agents. Defending his comments on BBC Politics Live, Mr Harper said: “I think you still need to do checks and we do that even with our Afghan refugees. “We take biometric identifiers from people, fingerprints and so forth because we do have to remember, as I said in Parliament yesterday. “Vladimir Putin is someone who's used chemical weapons in Britain to murder British people. “And we know he will not hesitate to use the opportunity of refugees to get Russian agents coming to Britain. “So I think the Home Secretary has to do two things, she has to maintain security but she also has to have a generous scheme for refugees.” The UK announced a loosening of visa restrictions for Ukrainians to allow more to come to the UK.  The Government was accused of not doing enough to help as the UK planned to take on 100,000 Ukrainians compared to other countries which could see millions. The scheme allowing close relatives of Ukrainian people settled in the UK to come over will be widened to include adult parents, grandparents, children over 18 and siblings. UK firms will also be able to sponsor a Ukrainian entering the country. Baroness Kennedy challenged Mr Harper and said: “It really is a nonsense this business. “I've just had it over the business of Afghanistan, the idea that you can't do checks here once people have arrived and actually expel anybody who doesn't pass the the rigours that you're talking about is really ridiculous.  “And to say to people, you have to get out of Ukraine and then apply from Poland or from somewhere else in order to get your biometrics done. “Because we can't be doing your biometrics just now in Ukraine. “That is a nonsense I mean, it's a catch 22.” Mr Harper responded: “I've been clear… that we want those two schemes, expand the one for family members and also enable people to come to Britain if they don't have family contact here. “We haven't seen the details yet, I want the home office to work at pace. “And I'm sure from the sense in Parliament yesterday, including on the Conservative benches, there was a general sense that people want a generous scheme that's welcoming to those people that are forced to flee from Ukraine.” Mr Harper was also attacked online for mentioning the Salisbury poisoning as the agents responsible for the attack came into the country as tourists. Some have debated whether Mr Harper’s scepticism is warranted considering there are other routes Putin could exploit. Home Secretary Priti Patel told the Commons following pressure to waive visa restrictions for Ukrainians: “I have heard some members calling for visa waivers. Russian troops are seeking to infiltrate and merge with Ukrainian forces, extremists are on the ground in the region too… “I actually do want to emphasise the seriousness of the security situation on the ground and that is not something that can be discounted lightly at all… “Given this and also with Putin's willingness to do violence on British soil and in keeping with our approach which we have retained consistently throughout all emergency evacuations, including that in Afghanistan, we cannot suspend any security or biometric checks on people we welcome to our country.” 