The 95-year-old Monarch recently confessed that she “couldn’t move” last month and was recently pictured with a walking stick, raising concern about her health. The Queen tested positive for Coronavirus on February 20, just days after Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall both contracted the virus and despite being triple vaccinated, she was thought to have experienced mild cold-like symptoms during her bout with the virus.  On Monday, Her Majesty reluctantly chose to miss the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey for the first time in a decade. However, according to a royal expert, the monarch doesn’t like to interact with anyone who suggests that she should rest! Robert Hardman, author of Queen of our Times: The Life of Elizabeth II told OK!: “In 2017 she attended the Queen’s Young Leaders event at Buckingham Palace. “50 talented young people received a scroll and got to chat with the Queen in the ballroom.   “They put a chair out where it was expected she would sit. “But as she walked in, she gave this chair a really withering look and then just put her handbag on it as if to say, ‘I’m not sitting!’” However, Mr Hardman suggested this is not the only time such an incident has occurred. Recalling the previous occasion, Mr Hardman said: “Someone I know had dinner with her recently. READ MORE: Queen’s everyday handbag items laid bare, by expert  “They were faffing around and asked, ‘Ma’am, would you like a chair?’ “She replied very pointedly, ‘I’ll stand’. And that was it.” Her Majesty has been spotted with a trusty walking stick at recent events and is thought to have not been well enough to walk her Corgis around the grounds of Windsor Castle this year. Following a “precautionary” choice to remain absent from the Commonwealth Service on Monday, the Queen declared to the nation in a statement: “In this year of my Platinum Jubilee, it has given me pleasure to renew the promise I made in 1947, that my life will always be devoted in service. DON'T MISS:Gary Neville demands Boris quit immediately after war in UkraineLiz Truss warns West ‘didn’t take Putin seriously’ after the Cold WarTory Ministers humiliated after sending P&O letter to wrong person “In these testing times, it is my hope that you can draw strength and inspiration from what we share, as we work together towards a healthy, sustainable and prosperous future for all.” The royal expert continued: “The Queen finds it intensely frustrating because she’s always been an outdoors person. “It’s extraordinary when you think about it, that into her 90s she’d be riding on a regular basis. “She’s spent her whole life adapting. Now she’s adapting to the fact that she’s not as mobile as she used to be.” 