Roy Keane has told Jack Grealish he has to "grow up" off the pitch to earn Pep Guardiola's trust on it. Grealish joined Manchester City from Aston Villa last summer for a British record transfer fee of £100million. However, the England international has not lived up to his billing at the Etihad so far. Grealish has just two goals and two assists to his name in the Premier League this season. He returned to the team for the FA Cup fifth round clash at Peterborough on Tuesday after missing almost a month through injury. Ahead of the match, Manchester United legend Keane claimed there was plenty of work for Grealish to do at both club and international level. Keane says the 26-year-old is yet to get the trust of either Guardiola or Gareth Southgate but believes it is now time he "grew up". JUST IN: Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich 'considering selling club' with three bidders ready  "I think it’s crunch time for Man City over the next few months, this is where you will really test as a player, crunch games," Keane said on ITV. "Jack’s had a few injury problems, probably been criticised a little bit for his off the field stuff but I think what Jack has to do is grow up and get the trust of Pep. "He probably hasn’t got that yet, same with England, I don’t think Gareth trusts him that much yet, good opportunity for him. "Whatever Jack’s doing off the field, it does take its toll when you’re an attacking player, it’s another opportunity for Jack. DON'T MISSJurgen Klopp risks escalating situation with 'angry' Liverpool stars after Carabao Cup win [COMMENT]Everton boss Frank Lampard receives personal phone call apology over Rodri handball [NEWS]Man Utd backed to axe Harry Maguire in summer with two stars ready to step up [EXCLUSIVE]  "I do think it’s about time he grew up." Guardiola came out in defence of Grealish at his pre-match press conference on Monday. The Spaniard claimed there is too much emphasis put on the importance of statistics in modern football. "Maybe he listened too much to what the people say and it’s wrong," Guardiola said of Grealish.  "Always we talk about the statistics. Players today play for the statistics, but this is the biggest mistake they can do. "Statistics are just a bit of information that we have, but there are players that make the team play good and are not in the statistics. Players say, 'How many goals (did) I score or how many assists'… this is the problem. "These statistics never existed before. It’s how you play if you perform to your maximum, to your best, help your team-mates to make the process defensively and offensively better, that is enough. Thanks to that we are going to win." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 