Figures from 36 police forces in the UK show there were 560 reports of cat thefts in 2021. This is up almost 40 percent from 401 in 2020. However, the true numbers are thought to be much higher. The data was obtained by the Pet Theft Awareness campaign group under Freedom of Information laws. Figures released earlier this month by the Pet Theft Reform campaign group showed dognappings are also on the rise. Reports of dog thefts jumped 25 percent in 2021 to 1,882, according to the data from 31 police forces in England and Wales. It comes as campaigners are calling for cats to be included in a new criminal offence aimed at cracking down on dog thefts in the Kept Animals Bill. A petition demanding cats are not left out has been signed by almost 15,000 people. Pet theft is currently treated the same as loss of property to an owner. Pet Theft Awareness spokesperson Toni Clarke, whose cat Clooney was stolen in 2013, said: "Our FOI data is showing a hugely concerning increase in cat theft over the past year and yet our feline family members will be left outside of this protective legislation, still to be dealt with as inanimate objects under Theft Act 1968. "Dogs, however, will be recognised as sentient and will benefit from the proposed law. How can this be right or fair?” READ MORE: Dog walker left covered in blood after attack from pup thieves Sir Bruce Forsyth's daughter Debbie Matthews, of the Stolen and Missing Pets Alliance, added: "We are saddened to see another increase in dog and cat theft for 2021. "Our work to get pets moved from the Property Theft Act has been successful for dogs, with the Government announcement that Dog Abduction will be a new criminal offence in the Kept Animal Bill, which is working its way through Parliament now. "But what happened to cats? Cats are family too and we will continue to campaign to have them included in this new Pet Abduction offence. "The new Pet Abduction law will give more powers to the police and allow tougher sentencing by the courts which will act as a deterrent and stop this crime being seen as a low risk, high reward crime by the thieves." DON'T MISS'Makes my blood boil' Kay Burley fumes over dog theft documentary [VIDEO]Dog thieves sent warning with new app [INSIGHT]Dog owners alerted to thieves after stickers appear outside homes [ANALYSIS] Danella Scott's beloved Siamese cat Kobe vanished from Sevenoaks, Kent, in August 2019. She said: "It's absolutely horrendous because they say it's pet theft but for me it's kidnapping because he's part of our family. "I still look for him now because there's no closure." A Defra spokesperson said: “A new criminal offence to crack down on dog theft has been added to the Kept Animals Bill, and we are considering whether to extend this to other pets in future.” 