British tennis star Emma Raducanu has been told by Serena Williams’ coach that she is ‘on track’ for greater Grand Slam success despite struggling for form. Patrick Mouratoglou, who has coached 23-time Grand Slam winner Williams since 2012, watched Raducanu and analysed her game as she fell to Petra Martic at Indian Wells. Raducanu, who shot to stardom by winning the US Open as a qualifier last summer, has made a difficult start to the year having battled coronavirus as well as blisters on her hand that derailed her progress at the Australian Open. The Brit also suffered a leg injury in Mexico but returned in Indian Wells, where she missed out on a place in the last 16 by losing to Martic. The world number 13 is now preparing for the Miami Open where she will be hoping to build some momentum ahead of Great Britain's massive Billie Jean King Cup tie against the Czech Republic next month. Mouratoglou believes that while Raducanu may be inconsistent, the potential is clear. “Everything happened so fast and overnight for Emma and I don't feel as though she has the basis to be under so much pressure,” Mouratoglou said in Brazil following the launch of his NFT Project ‘THE COACH’, bridging the gap between Tennis and Web3. “She has a very good game and she's a great athlete. She showed some mental strength that is quite incredible because what she has done at the US Open is something special. READ MORE: Nadal beaten in Indian Wells final as Federer returns to court “It is always special to win a Grand Slam, but the way she did it was really special and she showed that. But on the other hand, it happened so fast, like if you ask her 'how did you do it?' I'm sure she can't answer that. “When I say 'how did you do it?' what I mean is 'what did you use for that?', 'what are your strengths and what are your weaknesses?', 'where are you solid in your game? Being under so much pressure is tough. I know how it is for everyone and when you're not so sure about yourself, what you've done and how solid you are, this is really tough. DON'T MISSNadal calls physio after dropping set to Fritz in Indian Wells finalNadal Indian Wells final in doubt as Fritz suffers injury before clashRoger Federer role in Taylor Fritz's career ahead of Rafael Nadal tie “I feel like she's going through a really tough time but the way she handles it is great. She doesn't show any weaknesses. She's fighting and doing her best every day and she's probably thinking 'step-by-step I'm going to build my tennis to be consistently playing at that level' which she's not able to do right now." Raducanu has been working with Angelique Kerber’s former coach Torben Beltz since November. While there have been inconsistent results, Mouratoglou is confident Beltz can help guide the 19-year-old to the top. The 51-year-old added: “He has very good energy and of course, he knows high level because he's been with Grand Slam winners in the past and he's done a very good job with Kerber. [Raducanu] has good people around her.”