As the UK population ages, it is perhaps unsurprising that it is estimated that by 2025, the number of people with dementia in the UK will be more than one million. There are more than 100 types of dementia and many of the symptoms overlap so it can be hard to identify the specific form of brain decline one has. The American Heart Association (AHA) notes an that early menopause may raise the risk of dementia later in life. It highlights research that compared with women who enter menopause around age 50, women who experience very early menopause (before the age of 40) were found to be 35 percent more likely to develop some type of dementia later in life. The orgainstion says: “Women who entered menopause before age 45 were also 1.3 times more likely to develop dementia before the age of 65.“ In addition, women who entered menopause later, at age 52 or older, had dementia risk similar to women who entered menopause at the average age for menopause onset with is the age of 50 to 51 years.” READ MORE: Do hair loss prevention shampoos work? Expert on caffeine treatments  The Alzheimer's Society (AS) says: “Women are more at risk of dementia than men with women making up 65 percent of people who currently have dementia. “Whilst age is the main risk factor for dementia and women tend to live longer than men, this does not completely explain the difference.” The AS says: “We don't fully understand why women are more likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than men, but one of the main theories is to do with the hormone oestrogen. “Whilst both men and women produce oestrogen, it’s the main female sex hormone and so women usually have more of it. When women go through menopause, their bodies stop producing as much oestrogen.”  The charity adds men continue to produce testosterone, the male sex hormone, throughout their lives. It explains: “Testosterone is actually converted into oestrogen inside brain cells. “This means that women who have been through menopause have lower levels of oestrogen in their brain than men of the same age. " Therefore, as Alzheimer's disease is more common in women after the menopause, “it is possible that oestrogen plays a role in protecting the brain from the damage caused by Alzheimer’s, and that this protective effect is lost when oestrogen levels are decreased”. Indeed, studies have shown that higher oestrogen levels can reduce a number of free radicals produced by cells. Researchers think oestrogen may cause the body to make more antioxidants, protecting brain cells from damage. The AS says this could explain why the sudden drop in women's oestrogen levels following menopause seems to make them more vulnerable to Alzheimer's. The health body adds: “Studies looking at whether replenishing oestrogen levels using HRT can reduce women's risk of dementia have been inconclusive and contradictory. “