Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc has fired a big warning to Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen, as he targets his first ever world championship ahead of the upcoming 2022 campaign. In the opening few days of testing, Leclerc and his Ferrari teammate Carlos Sainz produced some promising numbers with the season opener in Bahrain just weeks away. And Leclerc believes he and his team can break the dominance of Mercedes' Hamilton and Red Bull rival Max Verstappen during the 2022 campaign. Leclerc feels that if Ferrari can get five wins across the season they can be the ones to get their hands on the world title. Speaking on French TV show, Canal Sports Club, the 24-year-old said: “The last two years have been complicated. JUST IN: Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's control  “Ferrari is always under great pressure. But we react well as a team and we have also prepared well for the new rules. “Achieving five wins would already be great. “If we are consistent, we can become World Champions with five wins.” Following a positive pre-season start in Barcelona, Leclerc and the rest of the Formula 1 cohort will head to Bahrain for the official pre-season test on Thursday. DON'T MISSMercedes set to send 'true' message to Red Bull and Ferrari at Bahrain testingMercedes have already made 'big, big upgrades' in response to Ferrari and Red BullMax Verstappen explains why Lewis Hamilton rivalry will change in new F1 season Whilst the pecking order of 2022 is still relatively unknown, Leclerc appears quietly confident Ferrari will be competing at the right end of the standings throughout the campaign. He continued: “Those test days in Bahrain will be very important as we prepare for the first race. “We remain cautious because we don’t know where we stand, but we are very motivated and we want to fight at the front.” The Monacan will once again be joined by teammate Sainz in the famous Ferrari red in 2022.  Despite driving for the same side though, Leclerc admitted he is more than keen to come out on top against Sainz across the course of the season. “We get on very well together,” he said of his relationship with the Spaniard. “We are competitors. In the end your team-mate is the only one who has the same car and I want to beat him. “But of course we have to find a good balance for the team.” 