Cristiano Ronaldo has hit back at former Chelsea star Frank Leboeuf after the Frenchman's comments earlier this year suggested the Manchester United star should retire soon if he wants to be remembered for being a top-class footballer. Ronaldo, 37, rejoined the Red Devils in the summer after a 13-year hiatus from the club. The Portugal star, alongside Lionel Messi, is widely considered the best player of his generation after winning numerous accolades during his time at United, Real Madrid and Juventus. However, the Portugal star has produced his worst numbers since his early career this season as United languish in sixth in the Premier League table. There is a real chance he will not be playing Champions League football for the first time since his debut in the competition at Sporting Lisbon in 2003. But after comments by Leboeuf told him to call time on his career, the star has fired back by saying he will retire 'when he wants'. “I enjoy football and I still feel useful both at the club and at the national team," Ronaldo said to Record. MUST READ Roman Abramovich 'suffers symptoms of POISONING' after Ukraine peace talks in Kyiv "I will decide when I want. If I want playing more games, I will, if I don't feel like it, I don't play more”. Leboeuf compared his career to Ronaldo's by telling the star he should retire whilst he is at the top. Ronaldo is still near the top of the Premier League top scorer charts this season, although he has failed to make much of an impact in the league with United looking likely to miss out on the top four. And the Portuguese forward has come under intense scrutiny this season, with Leboeuf making strong comments on his future last month. "Do you know what? I think there is a time where you have to think about 'what do I do in my life and my career'," Leboeuf said. READ MORE Man Utd will take transfer decision out of Erik ten Hag's hands if Ajax boss lands job Luis Enrique ‘attractive’ to Man Utd for key reason that involves the Glazers Manchester United have options to include in Harry Kane swap deal with Jorge Mendes 'preparing' "And maybe it's time for Ronaldo at the end of his career to wonder and have a discussion with himself, and maybe some of his siblings to know what he has to do for the rest of his career, if there is a future in his career. "I don't want to have pity for Ronaldo because he's been so much on the top for so many years. I don't want him being a normal player. He's been an exceptional player. "I'd prefer him to give up his career at the top instead of maybe trying to play two or three more years and not being the player that he used to be."