Rob Bence and Rob Dix, hosts of The Property Podcast from Property Hub, have shared their property investment “hotspots” for this year. The property experts revealed their “safe bets”, their “up-and-comers” and their “wildcards” of 2022. Here are the property expert’s property investment hotspots for 2022: Liverpool is top of the league when it comes to the best performing cities of 2021. Rob and Rob said they expect Liverpool to do “very well” in 2022. They continued: “In fact, Liverpool has been in our safe bet category for a few years now but rightly so. “Because Liverpool, even with all this growth, is still in the top 10 most affordable cities in England, and of those top 10 cities, it is the largest city in that group. “It's a major city with multiple universities, great transport links close to Manchester, its own airport. READ MORE: ‘I learnt the hard way’: Monty Don shares warning over tulip bulbs “Let's face it, there's loads going on for Liverpool.” The city is affordable for those looking to buy and those looking to invest in property. The property experts said they think it's going to be a “great place to invest for the foreseeable future”. Manchester has been near the top of the table for capital growth over the years. Last year, the city saw annual house price growth of 8.5 percent. The property experts said there are different ways investors can get value from investing in Manchester. They said: “There's Greater Manchester, the whole of the metro area, where there is definitely value to be had. “But then there's also the city centre and even though the city centre has put on a huge amount of growth in the last couple of years, I believe that there is still scope for more growth in Manchester city centre as a result for a theme that we're going to see in 2022, which is the return to cities. “Now the exodus from cities was the big story for about 18 months, I believe we're now seeing that trend reverse. “I think Manchester city centre in terms of both rents and capital values is going to be a beneficiary of that.” Rob and Rob described the city as “wonderful” with great universities, transport links and employment prospects. The experts believe the city doesn’t get the “attention it deserves”. The city saw annual house price growth grow by 8.1 percent in 2021. They added: “Nottingham is an affluent city with great prospects, but the prices are still reasonable. “So even though Nottingham did have a great year in 2021, we expect Nottingham to continue to have great growth in 2022 and possibly beyond.” The final city on the “safe bets” list is Leeds which offers great universities and transport links. There’s also a diverse range of major employers with more employers moving to Leeds all the time. The city remains relatively affordable and saw a 7.2 percent increase in annual house price growth.  DON'T MISSCleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home [INSIGHT]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [UPDATE]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [ANALYSIS] “It's certainly going to continue to do well for years to come,” Rob and Rob added. Sheffield was one of Rob and Rob’s “ones to watch” in 2021. Sheffield saw annual house price growth increase by eight percent in 2021. The experts said: “Affordability levels are really good, great universities, great transport links and great prospects. “Sheffield rightly deserves your attention and is definitely not being talked about right now. It’s a great option for property investors in 2022.” Belfast saw annual house price growth of 7.2 percent last year. The city saw house prices fall dramatically during the last crash and it has taken a long time for house prices to creep back up. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea However, Belfast is a major city with lots going on and is still extremely affordable. “But over the coming years if you do invest there, we believe that you'll be well rewarded,” the property experts added. According to Land Registry’s latest data, Derby is up 10.7 percent year-on-year, which puts it up there with Liverpool. Rob and Rob said they believe Derby is an up-and-comer that people should be comfortable investing in because the average wage is amongst the highest in the UK while it remains one of the most affordable cities. The property experts warned that it's “a mismatch that won't last for much longer”. They added: “Derby is starting to get attention and that attention will turn into mass attention soon because you can't get away with having double digit growth and a majority of investors ignoring it for much longer.” Newcastle has been named as one of Rob and Rob’s “ones to watch”. They said: “We're not saying go in and invest in Newcastle now but we're saying pay attention to it and maybe invest in Newcastle if after your research you feel comfortable. “Newcastle isn’t, at the moment, performing and it grew by 5.3 percent last year.” However, Newcastle is definitely somewhere that should be watched as its affordability levels are very good, it has great transport links and lots of employment prospects. The property experts said investors would not be expecting to invest in London now based on the 18-year property cycle. However, the city saw huge growth in the first phase of the cycle and actually outpaced the rest of the country. Over the last few years, London growth has slowed down and the rest of the country has had a chance to catch up. The city may have room to grow for three reasons: 1. Wages have grown but house price growth has slowed. 2. The return to city-living. 3. London will benefit from the world opening up. Rob and Rob added: “Do we expect to see London being right up there in terms of capital growth? No. “Can you say that there's great value in London? No, you can't. “But as a long term super safe investment location, London is hard to beat, and there may this year be a decent entry point. “So if you are interested in having properties in London in your portfolio, worth keeping an eye on in 2022.  Aberdeen has seen very poor house price growth over the last two years. The city is mainly impacted by oil prices because it is an oil city. High inflation means the price of oil tends to go up. If oil prices continue to rise in value, it could have an impact on house prices. However, the property experts warned that investors should not “speculate to that level” and invest in Aberdeen if they believe oil prices are going to continue to go up. They said: “You should just invest in oil. “But as a place to observe, because it just operates independently from the rest of the UK in terms of how the property prices are impacted. “From a curiosity point of view, it's worth keeping an eye on but to repeat, we are not saying invest there.” Rob and Rob discuss a different property topic or news item each week on The Property Podcast. The Property Podcast is available on Spotify, Apple Podcasts and Google Podcasts.