The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended a military parade on the final day of their tour of Jamaica. They marked the end of the parade with a salute while standing on a Ceremonial Land Rover. It was reported that the vehicle was the same as the one that the Queen and the late Prince Phillip used during their visit to Jamaica in 1962. Historian Tessa Dunlop commented on the scene, posting a photo of Kate and William alongside the same photo of the Queen and Prince Phillip in 1962. Suggesting that the imagery is unprogressive, she commented: “Who is advising #williamandkate? Times have changed… or not!?” Responding to the historian’s criticism, royal editor Richard Eden defended the royal couple. Mr Eden wrote, gathering hundreds of likes: “Personally, I thought it was a charming touch.” Later, Ms Dunlop continued the conversation with further comment, explaining her stance. She said: “During Queen’s 1953 tour she spoke of UK ‘leading other still backward territories forward’. “Language and sentiment that would be unacceptable today.” Ms Dunlop added: “Times change and so too should the imaging.“ Kate and William’s tour in the Caribbean evolved in an atmosphere of great controversy as the countries push for a referendum by the end of the year to remove the Queen from Head of State. Jamaica's republican government is said to be “incredibly disappointed” that Prince William failed to apologise for Britain's historic role in the slave trade. During the tour, the Duke of Cambridge said that “we respect the decision of countries like the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize when it comes to their future.” He added: “Next year, I know you all are looking forward to celebrating 50 years of Independence- your Golden Anniversary. “And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of Independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: ‘We support with pride and respect your decision about your future. Relationships evolve. Friendship endures’.” The event where William and Kate were guests of honour was the Commissioning Parade for service personnel who have recently completed the Caribbean Military Academy's Officer Training Programme.