Newcastle boss Eddie Howe is said to be ready to sell up to seven members of his current first-team squad, according to reports. The former Bournemouth tactician is now looking settled on Tyneside following a tricky start to his tenure, with his ideas now starting to come to fruition.  Newcastle have are one of the Premier League's most in-form teams having taken 13 points from their past five matches. The win at Leeds in late January proved to be the turning point in the Magpies' season, providing them with a platform to kick on and drive away from the drop zone. Now Newcastle are beginning to plan ahead for the summer as they look to build on the club's recent progress following a productive January transfer window. According to The Times, Howe is ready to offload seven members of his current group, who cost the club up to £70million. Those include club-record £21m flop Miguel Almiron, Dwight Gayle and £15m full-back Jamal Lewis. The latter has struggled to settle and fulfil his potential at St James' Park despite previously being considered by Liverpool in 2020. There was recent interest from both Birmingham and Trabzonspor but Lewis decided to stay put, despite not being named in Newcastle's revised 25-man Premier League squad. The same applies to Isaac Hayden and Ciaran Clark, who may now have played their last game for the club. Newcastle are also set to consider offers for Emil Krafth and goalkeeper Karl Darlow. Raising funds from player sales will be key to Newcastle's spending power this summer. The Magpies splashed £90m on five new faces in January to boost their chances of survival. Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes, Dan Burn and Matt Targett have all helped Howe turn Newcastle's season around. VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ  Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes, Dan Burn and Matt Targett have all helped Howe turn Newcastle's season around.  Howe is keen to tie down defender Fabian Schar to a new contract. His current deal is due to expire in June but Newcastle are expected to open talks over a new contract. Bayer Leverkusen's Moussa Diaby is one of the names said to be on Newcastle's radar ahead of the summer. The Frenchman has caught the eye in the Bundesliga this season, netting 12 times in 23 outings from out wide.