Conservative Minister of State for Trade Policy Penny Mordaunt and Labour’s shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland Peter Kyle clashed as he called out the Government’s “uncompassionate” policy. At time of writing, any Ukrainians seeking refuge in the UK still need to apply for a visa, and must have a family member in the UK or be sponsored by a business. There have been calls for the UK to follow in the EU’s footsteps and waive all visa requirements for Ukrainians fleeing the Russian invasion. Penny Mordaunt assured the audience that there were British people in Ukraine sorting through paperwork to make sure citizens could travel here. She responded to Peter Kyle’s criticism, saying: “Conservatives are not uncompassionate people and I’m sorry that you’re even saying that on the programme”. Mr Kyle said that they should be judged on policy not on words, and that the policy was “uncompassionate”.  Ms Mordaunt went on: “It is incredibly important that we are dealing with facts. “As we sit here, there are British staff, Government staff, in Ukraine, sorting out people’s paperwork in order to make sure they can come to the UK. “We are surging capacity to do that. “It is a really important message that anyone who wants to come here can.”  READ MORE: BBC QT: Audience member blasts Western attitude to Putin – ‘Utterly di Mr Kyle hit back at her claims, saying: “We are talking about places that are being shelled and you want them to go to an embassy and get the right paperwork before leaving. “These are people who are being shelled, they are getting in cars and driving.” Ms Mordaunt said this was untrue, even going as far as to say: “Shame on you, that is completely untrue. People have to get to the border.” But Mr Kyle replied that he had spoken to people trying to help people get across the border.  DON'T MISS:What will Putin do next in Ukraine? President Macron issues warning [INSIGHT]Putin vows to destroy Western 'Anti-Russia' and achieve 'total victory [LATEST]Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] He went on: “Somebody I spoke to just yesterday who is off there to try to meet somebody when he gets across the border, his town is being shelled. “He can’t get somewhere to do the paperwork. He won’t be able to bring him back into Britain because there is no familial link there.” Ms Mordaunt countered his argument by saying “I don’t want to give people the impression that they can’t come across the border and get the assistance that they need”. She said there are currently 6,000 applications a day from Ukrainians trying to enter the UK. 