As the West continues to impose severe economic sanctions on Russia in response to its brutal invasion of Ukraine, the Conservative Party has received criticism for its own links to Russian money. The money comes from Russian oligarchs - wealthy businessmen and women who profited off the fall of the Soviet Union and privatisation of previously state-owned resources, and now closely influence levers of power. The UK is currently targeting the Russian oligarchs with links to President Vladimir Putin with sanctions, focusing on the oligarch’s assets and investments in the UK, as well as extending potential action against their advisors. However, it appears the Conservative party has largely profited from these oligarchs over the years, as Labour urgently calls for Tory party members to return the Russian donations in light of recent events. It is illegal for individuals with only Russian nationality to donate to a UK political party, although there is a loophole for those with dual UK-Russian nationality. When asked whether the Prime Minister would commit to returning donations from Russian oligarchs, Mr Johnson told parliament last Wednesday that his party "do not raise money from Russian oligarchs ... we raise money from people who are registered to vote on the UK register of interests."  READ MORE: Global firms shun Russia with economic sanctions  Amongst the largest contributors is Lubov Chernukhin, a former Russian banker married to Vladimir Chernukhin, Mr Putin’s former deputy finance minister. Mrs Chernukhim has donated up to £700,000 to the Conservative party since Mr Johnson took to his post at No 10 in July 2019, and an astounding £1.2m since 2012. Regularly bidding Tory fundraising auctions, Mrs Chernukhim won two tennis matches with Mr Johnson costing up to £45,000 each, which are included in this sum. Mrs Chernukhim reportedly donates enough to the Tories to qualify for membership of a group of elite donors who meet monthly with Mr Johnson and chancellor Rishi Sunak.   Alexander Temerko, a Soviet-born British businessman, has donated £357,000 since Mr Johnson became Prime Minister. Mr Temerko previously held senior posts in Russia’s Defence Ministry under Boris Yletsin, but has said he is “no friend” of Mr Putin. Former Russian bank chief, Dmitry Leus, is also among the oligarchs with significant ties to the Tory party. UK foreign secretary Dominic Raab is believed to have accepted £25,000 from Mr Leus for his local party last year.  Businessman Mohamed Amersi is another frequent donor, contributing at least £258,000 since Mr Johnson took to his post. DON'T MISS: BBC's Victoria Derbyshire erupts at unbelievable Russian claims [INSIGHT]Truss crushes Belarus as UK directly targets officials with sanctions [ANALYSIS] Have Your Say: Do you believe China has turned its back on Russia? [OPINION]   Mr Amersi advised on a profitable telecom deal in Russia in 2005 with a company discovered to be controlled by an associate of Mr Putin. However, Mr Amersi has denied the money he made in Russia “has even remotely come close to being invested in the UK political system.” Conservative party politician Greg Barker, now known as Lord Barker of Battle, became Conservative energy minister under David Cameron, and has since received an elevated role in the House of Lords. He is also said to have significant links to Russian oligarchs Oleg Deripaska and Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich, who accumulated part of his wealth from the privatisation of the Russian oil giant Sibneft, of which Mr Barker became international communications chief. Mr Barker previously worked for Mr Deripaska, founder of Basic Element, one of Russia’s largest industrial groups. He became chairman of Mr Deripaska’s En+ energy and metals group listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2017.  Billionaire Gennady Timchenko is the founder of private investment group Volga and director of Russian gas company Novatek, of which Jacob Rees Mogg’s investment fund, Somerset Capital Management, has a stake in. Mr Rees Mogg, the minister of state for Brexit opportunities and government efficiency, is believed to have received an estimated £600,000 in dividends from this last fund year. A Conservative party spokesperson said: “The Conservative party only accepts donations from permissible sources, namely individuals registered on the UK’s electoral roll or UK registered companies. “Donations are transparently declared to the Electoral Commission and openly published by them.” These donations provide no suggestion of wrongdoing. However, Labour MPs have called for the Tory party to return the donations, or donate them on to Ukranian humanitarian causes to "end the suspicion of conflicts of interest with Putin", as it recently came to light that Mrs Chernukhin's husband received millions from a Russian MP and ally of Mr Putin - who also appears on the sanctions list. Mr Johnson dismissed the statement, saying that it is "absolutely vital" to demonstrate "this is not about the Russian people, it is about the Putin regime". 