Dr Michael Mosley is the man behind the Fast diet, Fast 800 diet, Keto diet and most recently, Fast 800 Keto. But in addition to cutting calories and upping protein, Dr Michael emphasised the importance of getting your body moving in order to lose weight. On his podcast, Just One Thing, Dr Michael discussed simple routes to weight loss, one being standing up more. Sitting at his desk, Dr Michael began: "I'm about to do something that really could have a long term impact on my health, by lowering my blood sugars and burning a surprising amount of calories." It is common knowledge that running is a popular weight loss activity. And Dr Michael keeps his weight in check by doing his "beloved squats", and 40 press ups per day. READ MORE: Paul Hollywood weight loss: Bake Off judge's diet plan to lose a stone On his TV show, Lose a Stone in 21 Days, the weight loss guru advocated for the "hugely underrated" press-up, as this type of strength training builds muscle. Consequently: "The more muscly you are, the more calories you burn.” But how can something as simple as standing up help slimmers achieve their weight loss goals? "Getting out of your chair and spending more time on your feet really is a simple and easy way to boost your health. "It raises your heart rate, boosts your metabolism and is good for your bones - it can even improve your psychological health." Standing up as little as two minutes every hour gleans fantastic results, according to Dr Michael. "Prolonged, uninterrupted sitting is incredibly bad for us, and yet we're all guilty of it. The body is used to being stationary for most activities; whether it's eight hours at work in an office chair or on the sofa unwinding in the evenings. As a nation, many spend as much as "10 hours a day or more on their backsides", and coupled with an eight hour sleep, this does not leave much room for movement. "Sadly this is linked to some pretty nasty health outcomes, including an increased risk of heart disease, Type 2 diabetes, and even death from all causes." Dr Michael referred to a study in which office workers were asked to stand for an extra three hours a day for a week. "We found that standing up raised their heart rate so much so that one of the researchers calculated that if you added it up over a year you would burn the same calories as if you ran about 10 marathons. "And when they were standing they cleared the sugar from their blood much quicker than if they were sitting down." He continued: "Unless you're doing at least 40 minutes of moderately vigorous exercise daily you cannot undo the damage that prolonged sitting causes. "You just have to break up the amount of time sitting down." But it's important to start off small and not overdo it, as standing for too much of the day can result in issues such as varicose veins and back pain. Alan Hedge, professor of ergonomics at Cornell University, stated: "It causes a whole variety of problems, just as if you sit for too long."