Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has called on his young squad to step up to the challenge of facing title contenders Liverpool next week. The Gunners maintained their impressive recent form with a dominant 2-0 win over Leicester on Sunday to return to the top four. The victory moves them back into the top four with three games in hand on closest challengers Manchester United. It has been argued by some that Arsenal have won games they've been expected to of late against teams such as Brentford and Watford. They did put up a strong challenge to Premier League leaders Manchester City at the start of the year, only for Rodri's late winner to ruin a good performance. But Arsenal now face their biggest test since that game on New Year's Day on Wednesday when they host Liverpool. JUST IN: 5 things we learned as Arsenal beat Leicester to move into top four  Jurgen Klopp's side have won eight consecutive matches and are keeping tabs of City at the top of the table. The Liverpool boss has so far refused to be drawn into talks on a potential title challenge, but one slip up by City will give Liverpool the chance to draw level at the top. The Reds have torn teams apart of late, scoring an incredible 21 goals and conceding just three times in eight games. Arsenal have made no secret that their aim is to be challenging at the top of the table in the very near future after years in the wilderness. DON'T MISS  And Arteta knows competing against Liverpool on Wednesday will help them set the benchmark for where they need to be. "That’s a different level now," he said. "We have to take the game into a new standard to have a chance to beat them. "We know that and we are going to prepare tomorrow how we can beat them and how we can believe that we can beat them which is crucial to be able to beat them." Arsenal hold a big advantage in the race for the top four, but Arteta doesn't want to let complacency creep in. "I look at the table with the games that we have remaining," he added. "We know where we are but we have to look forward, we have to look what we do, focus on our performance and and prepare for the next match. "That’s it because the rest we’re just gonna be guessing. I’m not a great gambler, I never have been, and I don’t want to gamble now."