The one-year-old boy was injured after falling from a structure in Tottenham Hale, north London, on Tuesday. Paramedics attended the scene just before 1pm after reports of a toddler falling “from a height”. They quickly arrived at Dawlish Road and treated the child at the scene. Although an air ambulance was on the scene, the toddler was taken to hospital by road to be treated at the facility “as a priority”. A spokesperson for the London Ambulance Service described how the child was whisked away to a “major trauma centre”. They said: “We were called at 12.59pm today (15 March) to reports of a child having fallen from height in Dawlish Road, Tottenham. “We sent an ambulance crew and an incident response officer to the scene. “We also dispatched London’s Air Ambulance. “We treated a patient at the scene and took them to a major trauma centre, by road, as a priority.” The boy’s condition is not thought to be life-threatening. READ MORE: Kim's terrified of Russia: North Korea fears invasion and will neve... A police investigation is ongoing into the circumstances around the fall. A spokesperson for the Met Police added: "Police were called at 1.17 pm on Tuesday, March 15 to reports that a child had fallen from height in Dawlish Road, N17. "Officers attended along with London Ambulance Service and London's Air Ambulance. "A one-year-old boy was taken to hospital where his condition was assessed as not life-threatening. DON'T MISS: Verhofstadt admits EU's desperation over UK exit 'Brexit was a loss!' [VIDEO] Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals [ANALYSIS] 'Russia on run!' Putin's given just TEN days to survive [INSIGHT] “Enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances." Police also attended the scene of a child falling from a building in July 2020, where a toddler fell from a building in east London. The force was called to East India Dock Road in Poplar along with the London Air Ambulance Service. They confirmed on Twitter: "Police called at 18.54hrs to East India Dock Road #Poplar #E14 to reports of a child fallen from height from a residential building. "Officers attended with LAS. “The child, believed to be a toddler, has been taken to hospital - we await a condition update.” A London Ambulance Service spokesperson said: "We were called at 6:54 pm today (27 July) to East India Dock Road, E14, to reports of a child injured. "We sent an incident response officer and two ambulances to the scene. "We also dispatched a unit from our hazardous area response team and London's Air Ambulance. "Crews treated a child at the scene and took them to a major trauma centre by road."