ITV host Bradley Walsh was back on Wednesday as he welcomed four contestants onto The Chase. Jonathon, Leon, Lisa and Colin had to work together as they each went head to head with Jenny 'The Vixen' Ryan. However, Jenny quickly realised she had a challenge on her hands, as each of the contestants seemed to have great quizzer knowledge. But it was in the Final Chase that both Bradley and Jenny were blown away by one player's answer. After racking up 22 steps in the last round, Jenny was on a mission to track them down and appeared to be well on track to do so. However, midway through the round, The Vixen stumbled across one question about birds. Bradley asked: "What bird is the largest member of the grouse family?" READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is "Ptarmigan," Jenny replied which was incorrect led to Bradley turning to the contestants and Colin was quick to answer: "Capercaille." "Unbelievable," the gobsmacked ITV host said in awe. "How did you get that?" Colin cheekily told him: "There's a lot of them in Hove." Despite Jenny's best efforts, it wasn't enough to beat the contestants and they went home with £6,333 each.  And once the quizzing had concluded, Bradley and Jenny still couldn't believe Colin had pulled the answer out of the bag. "What an answer that was," Bradley reiterated while Jenny praise the contestant's knowledge. She added that if it weren't for Colin's pushback and a second pushback regarding Craig David's number one hit, Fill Me In, she'd have snatched the jackpot from the team. The drama came thick and fast throughout the episode and Jonathon was the first player to take on The Vixen, and in his quickfire question round, he managed to answer an impressive six questions correctly. DON'T MISS...'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith  [VIDEO]Vera star addresses filming blunders with Kenny Doughty [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Danny 'sent to a shrink in infant school' [NEWS] Jenny gave the dentist a low offer of £1,000 or a high offer of £24,000. Despite being tempted by the high offer, Jonathon decided to play it safe and go with the £6,000 he'd already won. After storming through to the final, NHS worker Leon was up next, and once again he impressed Bradley with his knowledge after answering six questions correctly. The contestant also attempted to win the £6,000 he'd already accumulated, and although he stumbled on a couple of questions, he too bagged himself a place in the final.   The third contestant Lisa didn't have luck on her side and after failing to answer her questions correctly against Jenny, she was sent home. Life insurance worker Colin soon turned things around after he won £7,000 for the cash fund. Together, the trio had won £19,000 to take through to the final. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.