The price cap, which was introduced back in 2019, sets a limit on the maximum amount suppliers can charge for each unit of gas and electric used. It is viewed every six months, with the cap rising by 54 percent in April. This could add on average, around £693 a year to household bills. With many worried about the price hike, one expert has shared different ways UK households can prepare for April 1. Nick Drewe, a savings expert at discounts platform WeThrift, explained: “If you don’t have a smart meter, then you want to submit a reading to your supplier on March 31. “This will put you more in control and ensure that your bill is as accurate as possible. “This way, you will be aware of how much energy you have used before April 1 ahead of the new rates coming into effect.” Households should also take into consideration which rooms are needing heat. READ MORE: House prices: What will it take for house prices to drop? The expert said it is no good heating a spare bedroom which is not in use. Nick added: “Turn the radiators off in the rooms that don’t require heating - again this will reduce your bills. “Additionally, thermostatic valves on your radiators can also regulate the temperature in rooms, along with allowing you to stop heating rooms you aren’t currently using. “Set a timer to ensure that you are only heating your home when you need to, as there is no need to heat an empty home throughout the day. DON'T MISS:‘Fantastic way’ to protect plants from slug infestations [COMMENT]How to look after houseplant as they ‘come back to life’ in spring [EXPERT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘cheap’ tip to remove yellow pillow stains [EXPLAINER] “Set the timer to switch off an hour before arriving home, when you go to bed, and programme it to come back on in the morning for a short period of time.” According to Nick, getting into good energy-saving habits will help to “save those pennies over time”. Turning down the heating by just one degree celsius and running a washing machine on 30 degree celsius can “make all the difference”. Turning off lights and appliances when not in use could also help to reduce energy bills. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The expert added: “To monitor your energy usage, a smart meter is the best option. “It will help you make more informed decisions, like considering how high you have your heating, and provide an insight into what the most energy-consuming appliances are. “Using your meter to monitor usage can help you create a budget to keep your spending under control.” It is also important to monitor direct debit payments which reflect actual usage. This means Britons can inform their provider if the charged amount is incorrect. According to heating experts at PlumbNation, March 27 is officially the recommended day to turn central heating off. With the weather warming up and energy bills rising, the experts said March 27 is ideal because the clocks go forward. They added that this will depend on how good a home’s insulation is.