The Commission on Social Security recently released a report into the state of the UK’s benefit system and is calling for reforms within the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). One of these reforms includes a replacement for PIP to better support those who claim disability payments. This replacement would be a non-means tested benefit payment which would range from £83.70 to £230.77 a week to cover the additional costs. As it stands, PIP is split into two separate parts: a daily living component and a mobility component. The former has a lower weekly payment rate of £60 while the highest rate someone can get in a week is £89.60, while the latter has a lower rate of £23.70 and a higher rate is £62.55. According to the Commission, the PIP replacement would restore “dignity” for benefit claimants. Furthermore, the group are also calling for a Guaranteed Decent Income at £163.50 a week as the primary benefit payment provided by the DWP. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Set at half the minimum wage, this reform would reportedly benefit 30 million people across the country. On top of this, the Commission is pushing for child benefit to be raised to £50 a week for eligible families. The lead commissioner Mike Tighe explained: “The public are unaware of the truth about how the benefit system works. “People are treated with suspicion and distrust. It leads to frustration, anxiety and hurt for ordinary people. “It’s not that the people working for the DWP are monsters, but the system they are being asked to enforce is definitely monstrous, everyone is entitled to dignity, including with social security.” On the issues affecting social security in the UK, Ellen Morrison, the Commission’s Co-Chair added: “This is not a system fit for purpose. “How can I be assessed as eligible for a higher rate of Employment Support Allowance but now I’m in a relationship, the government expects me to rely on my partner’s income. “It’s incredibly regressive to take away disabled people’s independence and autonomy in this way.” Michael Orton, the Commission on Social Security’s secretary, elaborated on the types of people who are being left out of accessing vital support. Mr Orton said: “The pandemic showed that when times were tough it was unpaid carers, supermarket workers and others on low incomes who kept our society going. "It also showed that if we choose to, we can provide social security for everyone. However, the recent cut to Universal Credit means the government is headed in the wrong direction. With a cost of living crisis looming in 2022, it doesn’t have to be like this.” A DWP spokesperson said: “Universal Credit is providing vital support to millions and playing a crucial role as we support people into work. “The changes to the taper rate and work allowance represent an effective tax cut of £2.2billion putting an average of £1,000 a year back into people’s pockets. “We are also supporting hundreds of thousands of people every year with long term health conditions and have made extra financial support available to those with disabilities, or those who care for them, through PIP.”