After landing on Netflix in 2020, Bridgerton immediately took the number one spot on the streaming platform’s most-watched list. Viewers were enthralled by its steamy scenes, its opulent costumes and settings which will soon make its highly anticipated return. Not only will the upcoming instalment bring new characters but it could also see the downfall of its most scandalous writer, Lady Whistledown (played by Nicola Coughlan).  The first season of the regal romance series introduced the eight siblings of the Bridgerton family who were all on a quest to find love. With a focus on Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), the oldest daughter in the family as she made her debut on London’s affluent marriage market. After being harassed at the party Daphne devised a plan to create a fake relationship with Simon which ended with the two genuinely falling in love. However, the relationship was embroiled with accusations and scandal, most of which came from Lady Whistledown. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? While the series followed the Bridgerton family, the show also explored their friendships including that of Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) who was best friends with Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie). Although Penelope seemed to be quiet and kind-hearted, the season finale revealed she was the author of the gossip society papers. Under the pseudonym of Lady Whistledown, Penelope would gossip about the goings-on of the society with insults and social commentary to manipulate its reader's opinions. After nearly ruining Daphne’s life with these papers, it looks as though Lady Whislledown’s downfall could be imminent in season two. In the trailer for the upcoming instalment, Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) could be seen plotting against the troublesome writer. The royal stated: “Lady Whistledown’s words carry far too much import, we must entrap the scribbler.” It wasn’t until the finale did fans finally find out Lady Whistledown’s true identity as the character was narrated by Julia Andrews. In fact, the readers are yet to find out who is behind the gossip pages, the revelation will undoubtedly upset Eloise who will figure out her best friend was the one writing hurtful things about her sister. DON'T MISS...Tipping Point's Ben Shephard frustrated by player's final performance [REACTION]Bridgerton season 2: Eloise's new love interest unveiled? [INSIGHT]Why can't Anthony Bridgerton be with Siena? Break up explained [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton is the onscreen adaptation of a series of bestselling novels written by Julia Quinn. Although season two will take inspiration from the second book titled ‘The Viscount Who Loved Me,’ the fourth novel is actually where Lady Whistledown’s identity is revealed. However, there have already been a number of changes made to the storyline to bring the characters to life. While the wit, seduction and overall plot stuck to the original storyline, a number of changes were made, much to Quinn’s approval Speaking to Oprahmag.com, showrunner Chris Van Dusen revealed: “I feel like there's always going to be differences from the course material with any adaptation. “But I'm pretty sure fans of the books are going to see all the elements they love on screen.” Van Dusen continued: “I knew from the beginning that I wanted to make the show reflect the world that we live in today. “You know, even though the show is set in the 19th century, I still wanted modern audiences to be able to relate to it.” Bridgerton season 2 will be released on Netflix on March 25. 