Royal editor and commentator Robert Jobson gave his verdict of Prince Harry not visiting the UK for Prince Philip's memorial service but would be travelling to the Invictus Games shortly after. Mr Jobson recalled the Duke of Sussex having concerns about his security and offered to pay for police protection, which was denied. However, the royal expert said there was a quick fix to the issue which has been used by other royals who may need extra protection. Speaking on Royally US, Mr Jobson was upset that Prince Harry was not coming to the UK but could not understand why he was then going to Holland. He said: “Well, it is disappointing isn’t it, there doesn’t appear to be any serious reason why he can’t be there. “He is going to Holland for the Invictus Games shortly afterwards. All this business about he doesn’t feel safe and can’t get the protection that he needs. “I think it is nonsense, all you have to do is hire former royal protection officers that are no more than 50 years old - they tend to retire quite early.    “And they would be in the loop for protection and you would be as safe as if you had your own armed bodyguard.” Mr Jobson said he “did not buy it” and claimed Harry had a book coming out which would “cause trouble” with his family members. Harry announced he would not be attending Prince Phillip’s memorial service on March 29 as a security row continues to boil over. The Home Office has denied his request as they say they are not a service for hire. Robert Palmer QC is representing the Home Office and told the court his offer of private funding was "irrelevant".   He said in a written submission: “Personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis. “And the Royal and VIP Executive Committee [RAVEC] does not make decisions on the provision of such security on the basis that any financial contribution could be sought or obtained to pay for it.” Meghan Markle's father, Thomas, appeared on GB News and spoke with presenter Dan Wootton about the issue. He said: "I think it's the cruellest and meanest thing he could do and I have no respect for this man at all. DON'T MISS:Queen absolutely 'thrilled' after monarch treated to special LA visit [REPORT] Queen almost ran out of money before ‘generous’ deal saved Firm [INSIGHT] Princess Beatrice's stepson Wolfie in heartbreaking remark [ANALYSIS]  "To not go and honour his grandfather and then not got to the jubilee to deny the children to the Queen. "It's unforgivable." Mr Markle added: "The complaint about security is crazy, there would be tons of security around them, he's just making up excuses. "Then the other thing is he's going to the Invictus Games. "This has to hurt the Queen and she's gone through so much. "She's lost her husband and she's lost Harry and he won't come back. "I think he's like a child and I have no respect for him at all." 