And indeed Putin’s plan to have occupied Ukraine and installed a puppet in Kyiv by last Sunday does now look to have been wildly optimistic. The defiance of the Ukrainian people and the skill and bravery of the Ukrainian military has been breath-taking and humbling to behold. But, this is not a Netflix mini-series. There is no version of this where Putin's overwhelming firepower and manpower do not subjugate Ukraine to his will. He has barely scratched the surface of his military capabilities. And if you hadn't noticed there's a 40-mile long convoy of military hardware currently queuing up outside Kyiv and just itching to kill men, women and children. Just for reference that's a column of tanks, self-propelled guns and God knows what else, stretching from Edinburgh to the outskirts of Glasgow. In a very dangerous escalation the Russian invaders were this afternoon allegedly joined by lying Belarusian cockroach Alexander Lukashenko – Putin's lickspittle bagman – who (reports claim) gave the go-ahead for his country’s troops to enter the Chernihiv region in northern Ukraine. So that's three countries in this European war so far – any more for any more? It's an act of economic suicide of course which will see his nation reduced to third world status in a matter of weeks. Putin may have shored-up his not insignificant reserves for this war but there is no evidence Belarus has done likewise with the mighty Belarusian rouble. (Lukashenko also scrapped Belarus's status as a nuclear-free zone a few days back – so expect Russian SS18 Satan nukes in a little park outside Minsk in a fortnight or so.) But back to Putin. I'm heartily sick of hearing from quislings and warmongers alike just how "clever" Vladimir is (take a bow, Mr Trump). He's not, is he? We want him to be a criminal mastermind Bond villain to fit in with our Netflix narrative, but he's just not. He's what he's always been, a low-ranking KGB henchman with not much going on behind those dead trout eyes. Anyone who got a C+ or above for their GCSE Causes of the Second World War essay could have planned this attack on Ukraine. It's Hitler 101. Is it just me or is he basically having a tantrum because the world likes and respects Ukraine more than we like or respect Russia – that we are appreciative of Ukraine's efforts to build a working democracy rather more than we are of Putin's efforts to build a fascist dictatorship? For a big ugly powerful nation, Russia's power-brokers don't half have a thin-skinned lack of self-confidence. They've threatened nuclear holocaust basically because Liz Truss said something mean about them. Not surprisingly, as a result, more and more questions are being asked of Putin's basic sanity and the sanity of those he surrounds himself with. Not just his rambling rhetoric but his point... what's his end game? We get he doesn't like a thriving, happy, Western-leaning democracy on his doorstep because it makes his myopic, oppressive, dictatorship look bad. We get he thinks Ukraine is a fake construct – albeit one which seems to date back to the fifth century. But what is he planning to do? Commit a full-time army of occupation (at a cost of £15bn a day)? How'd that work out for you in Afghanistan? Install a puppet regime and hope the Ukrainians currently laying down their lives for Zelensky's democracy simply fall in line? Good luck with that, Vlad. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Part-occupy in an attempt to segregate the country, backing the Russian separatists in the East? Get ready for an armed insurgency that will last for generations. Frighten off and weaken NATO and EU nations? Never since 1945 has the case for European nations to seriously re-arm been so convincingly made. Meanwhile forget re-joining the modern world (or its financial mechanisms) any time soon Russia, exporting anything, gas, grain, money, anything. Oh and forget the World Cup or any international sport for that matter. It's really difficult to see any coherent geopolitical strategy anywhere. But maybe this isn't about geopolitics at all – sometimes it feels an awful lot darker. With a nihilism which made Nietzsche look like Timmy Mallet, a Putin crony told the world on Sunday that a world without Russia was not a world worth living in – and seemed to welcome nuclear obliteration with open arms. Maybe we have ended up with a Netflix series after all – the one where the rogue nuclear state is captured by a death cult hell-bent on Armageddon. At this point, we better pray there's a sequel.