Taron Egerton, 32, has spoken up about the event which led him to collapsing on stage. He explained that he would be “back with a vengeance” following the ill-timed incident. The star, best known for playing Elton John in Rocketman, passed out on stage on Saturday night and was consequently replaced by his understudy. The actor was performing in the limited season show, Cock, at the Ambassadors Theatre in Leicester Square. Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson, stepped in for him temporarily while he recovered. Reassuring fans, he said: “I am completely fine. Slightly sore neck and a bruised ego, but I'm fine.” READ MORE: BBC’s Clive Myrie flees Ukraine after gruelling journey The star confirmed that he would be back on stage by this evening. He took to his Instagram stories in view of his 2.5 million followers to explain that he will be back shortly. He said that he has decided to put a “positive spin” on the incident and not let it hold him back. The actor then joked that “you’re supposed to do the full show and not just three-quarters of it". Taron said: "I've decided to put a positive spin on it and I would appreciate it if anyone who was in the theatre last night just said that I gave such a committed, electrifying performance that my body couldn't handle it and check out. "That being said, apparently you're meant to actually do the full show and not just three quarters of it. “So I'll be back with a vengeance tomorrow night.” He then went on to thank his team and co-stars for “being so lovely". READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS] He specifically thanked Joel Harper-Jackson for doing the job of replacing him. He commended him as an actor and as a person. Taron added: "Thank you to the amazing team at the theatre and my wonderful cast mates for being so lovely. "But mainly I wanted to say thanks to Joel Harper Jackson who stepped in to do the last bit of the play. "Joel is an amazing actor and a lovely person. Thank you, Joel.” The stage play’s production team released a statement on Saturday night following the actor’s collapse. "During this evening’s first preview of Mike Bartlett’s play Cock at the Ambassadors Theatre, Taron Egerton fainted towards the end of the performance. "A doctor who was in the audience attended to Taron immediately after the incident. “Whilst he felt fine, it was decided that Taron’s understudy, Joel Harper-Jackson, would continue in the role to complete the performance."