Over the past two years, we have seen pensioners penalised for drinking cups of tea a bit too close to each other in their gardens, women fined for going for a walk in a reservoir slightly too far away from their homes, and we’ve seen more than 300 people charged by the police for being ‘potentially infectious’. Children were unable to visit their grandparents at care homes to share their last moments together. Families were separated from spending festive and religious periods together. I could go on. While the Government used the Public Health Act 1984 to implement many of the lockdown restrictions, the Coronavirus Act gave the Government similar extreme authoritarian powers. From the very beginning of the pandemic, a public health emergency has been used to push through laws that bite at the very liberties we are so proud of here in the UK. I consistently warned against the risk to our civil liberties arising from the reams of guidance and regulations issued by the Government over the past two years and the powers in the Coronavirus Act. I was glad to see the Government belatedly expire some of the Act’s most oppressive aspects in October 2021, including the ability to indefinitely detain “potentially infectious” people. Civil liberty groups like Big Brother Watch and Liberty were vital in ensuring that this power, among others, expired early. Many MPs will still not know that the Coronavirus Act gave a broad range of figures this extreme power. At the time, back in March 2020, I said the Act would lead to the creation of a ‘dystopian society’ but now that the Act is gone, we cannot let its legacy and the vision of an authoritarian state that it embodied live on. We are just days away from the intended date when NHS workers, who we rightly clapped on our doorsteps, would have been required to be jabbed just to keep their jobs. Thankfully that has been reversed, but it should never have been considered in the first place. It also comes too late for the care workers who lost their livelihoods under the rule of mandatory vaccinations. This policy is likely to have led to the disproportionate sacking of Black, minority and ethnic workers, with potentially long-lasting implications for our health and social care service.  Back in June 2021, a parliamentary committee found there was no justification for vaccine passports, but instead we have flown dangerously close to becoming a two-tier society with their introduction for a short period under “Plan B”. It is shocking that our “Plan B” was to turn our country - with its long history of being a bastion for freedom - into a “papers please” society. These are measures that only serve to entrench inequality, and drive a bigger wedge between us all. Our civil liberties are not a stick for the Government to beat us with. Overreach into our civil liberties has become the norm over the past two years. One look at the recent actions of the prime minister of Canada, who granted his government untrammelled power to quash protest, should serve as a stark warning of where oppressive powers can lead us. This is why I recently opposed measures in the Policing Bill, which threatens to shut down protests that are too ‘noisy’ on the basis of vague criteria. In the UK, the right to protest is one of our great traditions.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The police have spoken out about how these measures will be impossible to enforce, and exacerbate distrust in public institutions at an already delicate time. Crucially, protests are by definition noisy. Unfortunately, despite leaving the Coronavirus Act behind, some of these far-reaching and frankly ridiculous powers will remain. The Public Health Act, for example, still gives the Government the ability to make regulations to impose further lockdowns, shut down schools and business, and stop public gatherings at the stroke of a Ministerial pen. What is clear is that we are not out of this dystopian world just yet, and these infringements on our rights could come back at any moment. What we need is not a continuation of heavy-handed measures that strip away at our freedom and our liberties, but an approach to law-making and policing which champions and safeguards our precious rights. Two years on from the Coronavirus Act, we cannot allow the legacy of the pandemic to linger any longer.  *Steve Baker is the Conservative MP for Wycombe the Conservative MP for Wycombe