Neil Jones has become a firm favourite on Strictly Come Dancing after the performer joined the lineup in 2016. The professional dancer has since revealed that he has taken up a new challenge away from the dancefloor as he embarks on training for a new career venture. The 39-year-old dancer has shared that he is currently in the process of completing an apprenticeship scheme to become a professional tattoo artist. The BBC favourite explained that he has many varied passions outside of the BBC show and while he has no immediate plans to put away his dancing shoes, he has opted to explore other avenues. The Strictly pro, who was previously married to fellow dancer Katya Jones, explained that he has always had a creative and artistic side to him. Speaking about his new venture, Neil said: "I'm doing my apprenticeship as a tattoo artist. READ MORE: Susanna Reid bids farewell amid BBC Breakfast colleague's exit "When I have days off, I'm back in practising tattoos on other people." He continued: "I was always sketching when I was younger and then developing that skill onto an iPad. "It's completely different so you have to retrain yourself again. Developing it and putting it on as a tattoo for someone. "It's not the muscular memory of your hand, it's just the feel and the reaction when you're touching.  "Because if you use pen and paper, you feel the texture when you go back and forth." He went on: "As soon as you go on an iPad, it's so smooth and soft, it changes everything - depending on the pens that you've got. "And then you move to tattooing you have the vibration. So, it changes everything." In recent months, Neil has taken to social media and shared candid clips of his tattoo designs, in view of his 241,000 followers. DON'T MISS... Ron Pember dead: Only Fools and Horses actor dies aged 87[LATEST]Piers Morgan rages at Meghan and Harry’s 'fawning lickspittle' Scobie[ROYALS]Robbie Williams says he and wife have nowhere to live[ADMISSION] The Strictly pro also revealed that he is very much open to new "opportunities" after he recently secured a presenting gig. Like his fellow co-stars such as Janette Manara, Oti Mabuse and Anton Du Beke, while they love to dance and perform, Neil similarly has other talents under his belt. While he made it clear he had no plans to leave Strictly he has set his sights on other TV roles. He recently secured a gig as a guest presenter on CBBC's Saturday Mash-Up. When quizzed if he had plans to follow in the footsteps of his friend and co-star Oti, who recently joined the Dancing On Ice judging panel, Neil admitted his love remains with the dancefloor. "I absolutely love Strictly and it's something that I always want to be a part of," he explained. "Purely with the dance, the show, it's so family-oriented." Neil went on: "It's really nice to do things like [presenting] as well. As opportunities arise, I'll take each one as they come along." 