McLaren racing driver Lando Norris has become one of the most loved Formula One competitors ever since he was integrated in 2019, and the 22-year-old has increased his assets since signing a new contract. With Lewis Hamilton rumoured to be retiring within the next few seasons of Formula One, it will be an end of an era for British racing, but thankfully a new one is just beginning. Lando Norris has become a fan favourite since signing for McLaren in 2019 after finishing second in F2 a year earlier behind fellow Brit George Russell. Russell is now Hamilton's new team-mate for Mercedes for the upcoming season, but Norris will be looking to build on his impressive sixth-placed finish in the 2021 rankings in the new campaign that gets underway on March 20. With Norris gaining traction with each season that passes, here Express Sport takes a look at just how much the McLaren driver is currently worth. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso left Ferrari 'feeling like idiots' and taught them lessons on strategy  Norris has a reported net worth of £20million after signing a new contract with McLaren at the start of 2022, but his popularity is a major selling point. The relatively new addition to F1 may only be 22, but Norris has one of the biggest followings in Formula One and he reportedly sold more merchandise than any other driver at the 2021 British Grand Prix. That's some going even though Hamilton was going for a record eighth World Championship title, although the Mercedes driver is expected to go all out to avenge his controversial defeat to Max Verstappen last year. Norris is extremely brand-able which will help him massively over the course of what looks to be an exciting career.  Although Norris is earning vast sums of money himself, he is sitting on a fortune as his family are worth a reported £300m. His father, Adam Norris, is a retired pensions manager, and is well known as one of Bristol’s wealthiest people and he last ranked 501st-richest in Britain. Despite a successful and wealthy family, Norris left school without any GCSE's, and he was allowed to move to Glastonbury to pursue his racing career, a decision that has quite literally paid-off. Norris started his professional racing career in 2014, and fast forward eight years, the McLaren driver has since made five podiums in F1, although he is still pursing that maiden victory.  As any rich 22-year-old would, Norris has invested a lot of money into cars and watches, and along with having a McLaren 720S super car to travel around in, his garage also is said to include a Rolls-Royce Wraith and a Lamborghini Aventador. It is also understood that Norris already boasts an impressive property portfolio, but the 22-year-old isn't all about wealth, as he is known for his charity work too. Norris raised £10,000 for the COVID-19 Solidarity Response Fund in support of the World Health Organisation during an online streaming event he orchestrated on Twitch. The McLaren driver has also stuck around in the online gaming industry, founding his own eSports team.  The 22-year-old founded Team Quadrant in 2020, an eSports team which also focuses on content creation and apparel, in 2020. The new season gets underway on March 20, as Bahrain hosts the race opener to kick-off the 2022 campaign. 