Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has explained the absence of both Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane after the pair stayed behind on Merseyside for the FA Cup quarter-final against Nottingham Forest. The Reds were forced to get used to playing without the duo in January when they headed off to the Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon and the attacker's international commitments have once again entered Klopp's thinking.  That's because during the break, Salah and Mane will go head-to-head for their countries in the crunch World Cup play-offs. Egypt will host Senegal on March 25 before the return fixture a few days later on March 29. Salah is currently nursing a foot problem that forced him off in the 2-0 win at Brighton. Klopp, who conceded Salah felt the pain after coming off the bench in the midweek win at Arsenal, wants his star man to rest up before the run-in. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause "Mo felt his foot and with Sadio it was obvious, to give him rest ahead of two massive games [with Senegal]," he said. Andy Robertson was also missing for the Reds, as Kostas Tsimikas earned a rare start at left-back. The Scotland captain is waiting for an update on his country's World Cup qualifier against Ukraine ahead of friendlies with Poland and Austria or Wales. Klopp confirmed that Robertson is now suffering from illness, explaining: “Robbo is ill,” he explained, “it finally got him as well.” On the clash with Forest, he also said: "They are in the quarter-final for a reason. Home games are useful for them. I think we know what to expect, hope we are ready for it."  "Mo felt his foot and with Sadio it was obvious, to give him rest ahead of two massive games [with Senegal]," he said. Andy Robertson was also missing for the Reds, as Kostas Tsimikas earned a rare start at left-back. The Scotland captain is waiting for an update on his country's World Cup qualifier against Ukraine ahead of friendlies with Poland and Austria or Wales. Klopp confirmed that Robertson is now suffering from illness, explaining: “Robbo is ill,” he explained, “it finally got him as well.”  Liverpool know a potential visit to Premier League leaders Manchester City awaits the winner in the FA Cup semi-finals. And ex-Red forward Robbie Fowler has tipped Klopp's side to challenge on four fronts this term. "I think there is no doubt that this squad is capable, we have talked about the quadruple and it is a tall ask, but they are capable," he told ITV. "There is an argument to say that this is probably one of the best Liverpool squads people have ever seen, and that is a statement and a half because we have seen some great Liverpool teams, and some great players. "But this team have everything, they work hard for each other, in terms of team ethics and what Jurgen has instilled into them, it has been brilliant. It is a great chance for them to progress to the semifinal, on paper they should win but games are not won on paper." 