Dr Michael Mosley is an expert when it comes to weight loss and diets, but he also has some useful advice when it comes to exercise. During a recent appearance on This Morning, the diet guru spoke about including movement in your routine if you’re looking to lose weight. He shared two exercises that should be done every day to improve overall health. Dr Michael said: “I don’t think exercise alone is going to help you lose weight but it improves your mood if nothing else. “The data suggests if you combine it [diet] with exercise that’s a great way [to lose weight]. “And one of the things you want to do, and this is the importance of protein - you need at least 50g of good quality protein a day - that preserves your muscle. “The things you want to do when you lose weight is lose fat and not lose muscle and that was the danger of going on a really low calorie, low protein diet - tea, juicing - is that your body needs protein and if it’s not getting it from your diet, it’s getting it from your muscles. READ MORE: Jane McDonald lost 4st by making three diet swaps “So you need decent protein and exercise and that really means doing press ups and squats.” It comes after Dr Michael spoke about the benefits of press ups and squats during an episode on the BBC Radio 4 podcast, Just One Thing. He explained: “I’m doing something I try to do every day - press ups. “We all know aerobic exercises like running, walking, swimming, cycling is good for your heart and lungs. "On top of that, there is just one thing I recommend you add to your daily routine; resistance exercise like press ups. DON'T MISS...Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi remove Russian products from shelves [UPDATE]Star signs: Scorpio's are in for a ‘surprise’ but warned 'be careful' [INSIGHT]Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests [BODY LANGUAGE] “There’s fascinating new research on the benefits of strength workouts, how a few minutes of daily resistance exercises - where you don’t need any special equipment - can boost your brain as well as your muscles. “There are two forms of strength exercise that I find particularly effective and easy to fit into my life,” he continued. “The first is press ups, one of the best low-cost ways of building upper body strength. “Not only do press ups keep you toned, but there is evidence resistance training can improve your sleep. “The second form of resistance exercise I recommend you try doing on a regular basis is the squat. “As we discovered, it. is one of the best exercises around for improving your brain function in surprising ways,” Dr Michael added. “I try to do 40 press ups most days. “I also love walking and cycling, and I also make myself do the occasional run. “[For press ups and squats] I do them first thing when I get out of bed, because if I don’t do them then, I’ll probably forget to do them later in the day. “They give you a full body workout, help your heart, and may even boost your brainpower,” he commented. - Fast and effective way of building upper body strength - Can be done anywhere and you don’t need specialist equipment - They work triceps, pectoral muscles, lower back and abdominal muscles - Research suggests they may cut risk of heart disease - One exercise that has the ability to challenge most of the muscles in your body - Targets the quads, hamstrings, adductor, hip flexors, calves and gluteus maximums, minimus and medius as well as core muscles - Burn calories