Barcelona proved they are well on their way back after embarrassing La Liga leaders Real Madrid with a 4-0 victory on their own patch at the Bernabeu in El Clasico. This was very much a statement performance from Xavi's men, who are now daring to dream again as they look to re-establish their place at Spain's top table after a dismal start to the post-Lionel Messi era under Ronald Koeman.  Somewhat incredibly given the contrast in seasons, the victory puts Barca 12 points behind Real Madrid but with a game in hand on their rivals and with 10 games left to play, the Catalan giants are determined to make something of their campaign. Goals from Ronald Araujo, Ferran Torres and a brace from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang did the damage as Barca handed out a lesson in the Spanish capital to continue their rich vein of form. Meanwhile, Real Madrid, who booked their place in the Champions League quarter-finals just 11 days ago with a stunning comeback against Paris Saint-Germain, were handed a serious wake-up call without their talisman Karim Benzema. The deadlock was broken in the 29th minute when former Arsenal captain Aubameyang - signed on a free transfer in January - stooped to head past Thibaut Courtois.  Vinicius Jr thought he should have had a penalty when he went to ground under the challenge of Marc-Andre ter Stegen but VAR was having none of it. Things would get worse for Real Madrid shortly after when centre-back Araujo rose to head home Dembele's delivery. And just after the break, when Real Madrid were looking to start fast and force their way back into the game, January signing Torres ruthlessly put the hosts to the sword. The Spaniard curled home brilliantly from just inside the area, prompting jubilation on the Barcelona bench. Barcelona weren't stopping there though and Aubameyang grabbed his second of the night when he chipped the ball over Courtois for his side's fourth goal. Barca will still feel somewhat aggrieved that they didn't add more goals to their total. Dembele, Torres and Aubameyang were all guilty of squandering a number of clear-cut opportunities to extend Barcelona's lead. Nonetheless, they have got the job done as Xavi continues to impress after securing his first Clasico victory as a manager. This was yet another historic result to add to the 6-2, 4-0 and two 3-0 victories at the Bernabeu since 2009. The feeling in Spain is that the writing may now be on the wall for Carlo Ancelotti, regardless of what happens between now and the end of the season. Pique took to Twitter immediately after the match to tweet a clear message to Barcelona supporters, it read: "We are back."