Queen Elizabeth is a Taurus. People born between April 20 and May 20 have a strong desire for social and corporate stability and often use their materialistic tendencies for good by giving back to others. What about the other members of the Royal Family? The Duchess of Cambridge is a Capricorn. Capricorns are known to be the most ambitious and often make the best leaders. Astrology writer Kiki O’Keeffe said: “Their talent is in wrangling the messiest of operations into profitable, smooth-running machines.” Horoscope.com explained Capricorns are smart, hardworking, and fully in control of their destiny. READ MORE: Peter & Autumn's body language 'looked pretty besotted' post-split It states: "Natural rule-followers, Capricorns thrive on order and love strict rules, hierarchies, and set ways to do things. "Capricorns love family and put a lot of stock in traditions. "A Capricorn might stress themselves out trying to do everything perfectly—a Capricorn may feel like they must present a home-cooked meal every day, and would never admit to doing drive-thru or takeout." Astrologer Linda Furiate said Capricorn parents may encourage “a highly structured and disciplined lifestyle” on their children.  Meghan Markle, on the other hand, is a Leo. Those born between July 23 and August 22 are "bold, intelligent and courageous," according to Horoscope.com. The zodiac site calls Leos the leaders of the Zodiac and explains that they are “ready to blaze a trail and vanquish injustice”. "Blessed with high self-esteem, Lions know that they possess enviable traits—and they're proud of them." Leos "don't believe in false modesty" and will be the first to praise themselves for a job well done. However, they are willing to roll up their sleeves and do the work as they know that in order to be respected and admired, they need to put in the effort. "But it's not all hard work for Lions. Intense and energetic, Leos thrive on social interactions and have no problem making friends," it states. Astrology Zodiac Signs added: “People born under the sign of Leo are natural-born leaders." They are dramatic, dominant and creative with the ability to achieve anything they want. "There is a specific strength to a Leo and their ‘king of the jungle’ status,” it added. Leo also has many friends and is known to be generous and loyal. Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was a Gemini. Those under the star sign are known to be unpredictable, friendly and curious.