HBO’s critically acclaimed fantasy drama Game of Thrones may have come to an end in 2019, however, there continues to be insider knowledge unveiled to give fans a greater insight. This time star Conleth Hill opened up about his reaction when he discovered he had to shave off his hair for the role of Lord Varys.  Fans of Game of Thrones would find it hard to imagine anyone but Conleth Hill playing the role of Lord Varys. This is why it may come as a surprise when the actor revealed he had to be convinced by his agent to audition for the role. Hill was even devastated to discover he would have to shave his head for the role. In an interview with Radio Time he shared: “Of course, it was a small, vain price to pay for a wonderful role, but when they first shaved my hair off, I went, ‘Oh God!’ because I’d never done it before.” READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing He added: “I remember Rory McCann [who played the Hound], saying, ‘What’s wrong with you?’ I replied, ‘I’ve sold my soul to HBO.’ Rory replied, ‘Shut up and think of your pension!’” The actor had previously made it known he felt “depressed” after he shaved his head for the role. Speaking to James Hibbard, Hill admitted he was reluctant to portray Varys and had only considered the series would be about “Dungeons and Dragon.” Hill had to be encouraged by his agent because he had originally auditioned for the role of King Robert but got a call back from producers for Varys.  Hill labelled it “nice b******t” when he revealed the producers told him he would receive a call back for the role of King Robert. He made it clear he had never shaved before, let alone for a role and stated: “I was very depressed.” Lord Varys, also known as Spider, was a skilled manipulator who knew how to gain the knowledge he needed to learn people’s secrets. However, he would consistently claim his one and only ambition was to accomplish and to achieve for the good of “the realm”. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Game Of Thrones actor John Stahl dies aged 68 as co-stars pay tribute [NEWS]Eternals' Kit Harington drops disappointing update on Dane Whitman [INSIGHT]  While this was believable on the outside, it was a good front for those who were unaware of where his true loyalties were. Although he was also known as the Master of Whispers, Varys wasn’t a real Lord and was only addressed as such for being a member of the small council. Varys was one of the few people to have a major amount of power and influence in politics even though he had no intention of sitting on the Iron throne. This came as a result of the amount of knowledge he knew about other people, however, unbeknownst to the people of Westeros, Varys never worked alone.  It was eventually revealed he had a network of spies everywhere, to gain intel on others in all of Westeros. However, the manipulation and the spread of intel was the reason he met his demise in season eight. Tyrion Lannister (Peter Dinklage) convinced Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) to kill Lord Varys after it was revealed he had shared information about Jon Snow’s (Kit Harrington) real heritage. Varys’ actions also threatened Jon’s chances of gaining the iron throne and becoming a monarch of the seven kingdoms. Game of Thrones is available on HBO in the USA and available on NOW TV in the UK. 