The world is as close to nuclear war as it has been since the West and East's stand-off during the Cold War. Those who grew up in the Seventies and Eighties will remember the looming threat of nuclear war and the guidance that came with it, including the UK's Protect and Survive series. But since the Nineties, nuclear warfare has mostly been forgotten. Brief snippets of panic arise when North Korea's Kim Jong-un semi-annually parades his country's latest and greatest warheads, but the ill-feeling quickly subsides and life goes on. Today, things are different, as the conflict in Ukraine with Russia continues, and leaders wake up to the fact that President Vladimir Putin holds the world's most nuclear weapons ‒ around 6,257 of them. Of these, 1,458 are active, meaning they are already deployed, while 3,039 are available, good reason for the fear that ensued after Putin placed his nuclear forces on high alert in February. Things have since simmered down, but the ordeal has raised questions about the UK's nuclear capabilities and its plans for what to do in the event of an attack. The British Government has at its disposal at least one bunker that would provide shelter against nuclear fallout, hidden in the heart of London. It is called Pindar and shares its name with an Ancient Greek poet whose home is said to have been spared by Alexander the Great when he demolished the city of Thebes in 335 BC. Little is known about Pindar as it is a top secret Government venture that is considered to be vital to security. Only a few photos of the complex have ever been published, and even these were from the inside. JUST IN: Remain campaigner blasts Brexit Britain's trade deals They were created in 2008 by photographer David Moore for a project, but some of them had to be edited to keep key details like room numbers secret. As well as being a base for ultra-safe military headquarters, Pindar offers "continuity of Government" — it is part of state plans to ensure authority can prevail even during and after extreme catastrophes. It can be cut off from the outside world at just a few minutes notice, and has its own ventilation system to allow people to breath without ingesting outside air. It is four stories deep — even deeper than the London Underground — and is filled with modern technology, including the option to take over Britain's entire communications network. Pindar's construction is thought to have taken ten years and cost £126.3million, and was finished in the mid-Nineties, having been started on the orders of Margaret Thatcher the decade before. More than 100 politicians, generals and others could live in the bunker in the event of nuclear war, a chemical weapons onslaught or other major attack. While it may sound like Cold War nostalgia or something out of a John Le Carré novel, Pindar is very much real. Back in the Seventies and Eighties, the Government was so concerned that a nuclear strike could be carried out by Soviet Russia that it created what was known as the Protect and Survive series. DON'T MISS Ex-general warns Russia-Ukraine war could end in nuclear exhanges [REPORT] Homes for Ukraine: Is the person I am supporting eligible for benefits [INSIGHT] Nigel Farage is set to pocket £16m in Dutch climate investment [ANALYSIS] It took the form of pamphlets, advertisements, radio broadcasts, and informational films. While the series had originally been intended for distribution only in the event of a national emergency, intense public interest led to an amended pamphlet being distributed in 1980. They were classified as 'Top Secret' and were only intended for transmission if a nuclear attack was likely within 72 hours. But they were soon leaked to CND and the BBC, who broadcast excerpts from them in a Panorama documentary, shortly after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. In one of the videos, part of the collection of 20 short public information films, the narrator warned of nuclear fallout from missiles and gave advice on how to survive: "Fallout is dust that is sucked up from the ground by the explosion. “Fallout can kill and since it can be carried for great distances by the wind, it can settle anywhere – so no place in the United Kingdom is safe. “The risk is as great in the countryside as in the towns, nobody can tell where the safest place will be. “In fact, you are far better off in your home, because it is the place you know and are known.  "So stay where you are – if you leave, your local authority may take it over for homeless families. “And if you move, the authorities in the new place will not help you with food, accommodation or other essentials.” Just before the guide was released, US President Ronald Reagan branded Soviet Russia as the "evil empire", comments which enraged the Soviets. In response, the Kremlin installed SS-30 missiles in eastern Europe, leading to the US successfully persuading European countries, including the UK, to host its Pershing 2 ballistic missiles and ground-launched cruise missiles.