The leader of the Scottish Conservative Douglas Ross has savaged Ms Sturgeon over the SNP and Green Party's plan for Scotland's economy. Mr Ross argued that the SNP has granted more problems than they had created jobs in the 15 years they have been in power. Mr Ross told MSPs: "The First Minister also mentioned the economy and for 15 years that her Government's been in charge Scotland's economy has been stuck. "This Government has created more problems than it's ever created jobs. "We've seen one major failure after another from Preswick Airport to Ferguson shipyard to Bi-Fab. "And with this new strategy, the SNP are literally diagnosing probe problems that these themselves either created or made worse, and the first minister can even rely on support on the basis behind her because, in response to the launch of her Government's economic strategy, Maggie Chapman MSP said 'the Scottish Greens believe the focus on growth is outdated'" JUST IN: Angela Merkel left red faced as she watches her 16 year legacy go 'up in smoke "The focus on growth is outdated!? These are the same Greens that Nicola Sturgeon personally invited into her government, a party whose policy is actually to make Scotland poorer. " Ms Sturgeon replied: "Based today's performance by Douglas Ross I predict that the one thing we will not be seeing any growth in the next few months to years, is Scottish Conservative fortunes across the country. "He wants to dismiss the views of CBA Scotland of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce and the Scottish retail consortium of the Federation of Small Businesses. "I've set out their views on the economic strategy, and I would suspect that the perhaps speak for more people in terms of the Scottish economy than Douglas Ross does."  Ms Sturgeon has defended the Scottish Government's new economic strategy after criticism from trade unions and some business figures. Finance Secretary Kate Forbes unveiled a 10-year economic vision that she said would be a "radical and bold" approach to supporting businesses, growing the economy and reducing poverty. Scottish Trades Union Congress (STUC) general secretary Roz Foyer said it was merely "paying lip service" to creating a well-being economy. Ms Foyer said: "The National Strategy for Economic Transformation has a sprinkling of good ideas and we have successfully argued for some strong lines on the importance of fair work, decent pay and the role of trade unions, but overall it is a missed opportunity to address the challenges before us and make real, transformational change. DON'T MISS: EU scrambles to respond to Putin's full-blown war - emergency summit [LATEST]Putin gloats as Ukraine's air defences decimated [REACTION]Pictures show smoke billowing over Ukraine amid ‘invasion’ [IMAGES] Discussing the response to the strategy, First Minister said: "It's a fact of life and a healthy part of a democracy that people will criticise Government strategies. "We're focused on delivering this strategy. I think it's the right one. It's got the right level of ambition but, more importantly, it's got the right focus on delivery. "The STUC were part of the team that put the strategy together and we'll work with them, we'll work with businesses to deliver it. I know Kate Forbes is absolutely focused on ensuring that we realise the potential of Scotland in the decades to come and the strategy puts in place the right building blocks for that. "I would appeal to everybody across the trade union movement and the business community for all of us to come together right now and focus on delivering the ambition that Kate Forbes set out in the strategy yesterday."