Kris Marshall was introduced as DI Humphrey Goodman in the third season of Death in Paradise when his predecessor DI Richard Poole (played by Ben Miller) was murdered. He was in the BBC comedy-drama for three years before saying his goodbyes for good in 2017. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about Marshall's love life. Actor Marshall joined the cast of Death in Paradise in 2014, two years after he tied the knot with the love of his life. The 48-year-old is married to Hannah Dodkin who he had been with since 2010. Few details are known about Hannah with the couple keeping their relationship out of the spotlight. But the pair were spotted on their big day 10 years ago in Wells, Somerset, Marshall's hometown. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Marshall got married on a snowy day at the Swan Hotel near Wells Cathedral in February 2012. According to a spokesperson for the hotel who spoke to the Daily Mail at the time, it was a civil ceremony in the hotel's garden room with around 30 guests. Since their wedding, Kris and Hannah welcomed son Thomas and daughter Elsie in 2014 and now reside in Bath. Being able to spend more time with his loved ones was the main reason why the Death in Paradise star quit the show. When filming was underway, Marshall's family would join him on the island of Guadeloupe. However, as his children got older, things needed to change so he chose to leave. Opening up on Lorraine, Marshall said: "I realised I had to get my son to school. He was becoming a bit too Caribbean – he refused to wear shoes and would only drink coconut water and eat pineapple. "He was very good on the beach but not so good with maths and English, so I decided that it was time to get him to school. So the show had to go, really." DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [CAST]Don Warrington shares update on return to Death in Paradise [UPDATE] Some previous stars of Death in Paradise returned for its 10th anniversary season last year. Sadly, Marshall was not one of them as creator Tim Key said there were no plans as of yet to welcome him back. Marshall did previously say he would be up for briefly returning to Death in Paradise. He said in a Sanditon Q&A in 2019: "Would I go back, and do a cameo in Death in Paradise? Unequivocally yes." The detective series is over once again as season 11 came to an end last month on BBC One. But fear not as the future is looking bright for Death in Paradise as season 12 has already been announced. The BBC has also stated there will be another Christmas special on the way at the end of this year. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.