On Tuesday, a Service of Remembrance was held for the late Prince Philip, almost a year after his death in April 2021. The service, which took place at Westminster Abbey, attended to nearly 2,000 guests who came along to pay tribute to the Duke of Edinburgh. The decision to have Prince Andrew accompany the Queen into the Abbey caused some controversy and was reportedly dismayed by Prince Charles and Prince William. Royal biographer Angela Levin spoke to GB News about the two royal heirs and their dismay about Prince Andrew's key role in the memorial. She said: "They would have known in advance, of course. "They were the people that absolutely discussed it in detail with the Queen that he had to step back and couldn't be involved in royal duties." Ms Levin added that their dismay was because Prince Andrew would "tarnish the whole monarchy": "Not just her, not just them but the whole lot." The royal biographer stated how Her Majesty "reluctantly" gave in to that because she has "always adored him". READ MORE: Prince Andrew was meant to 'sit behind daughters' at memorial in 'PR disaster' for royals Ms Levin said: "he has some way of making her give him what he wants. "It has been like that since he was a child." She continued to mention the Queen's usual practice in decision making is to "think very carefully about something" and that "she doesn't usually respond immediately". "She then makes a decision of what she is going to do and she says it very cryptically, one sentence two sentences, that's it" However, on this occasion, she applied a different approach. "I am the Queen, that was my husband and I want Andrew with me", said Ms Levin. Express.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. READ MORE: How the Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being 'Lady Charlotte' It is often reported that Prince Andrew is the Queen's "favourite son" GB News host Dan Wootton spoke to royal commentator Robert Jobson, where he defended the Queen’s decision to be accompanied by Andrew. Mr Wootton described Prince Andrew appearing with the Queen as a “shock move”. The memorial was Prince Andrew's first official appearance since settling the sexual assault case filed against him by Virginia Giuffre. It was also the Queen's first official outing since her Covid-19 diagnosis last month. DON'T MISS The monarch only confirmed her attendance at the Service of Thanksgiving shortly before it commenced. Her ill health has prevented her from travelling to recent official engagements. Palace aides are said to be concerned about the 95-year-old's frail health.