 Lord of the Rings and Game of Thrones icon Sean Bean starred alongside Line of Duty’s Stephen Graham in Time last year. The BBC drama series followed the story of a prison guard and a new inmate as it delved into the challenging world behind bars. It’s now been announced Time will be getting a second series, but when will it arrive on screens? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know.    The first series of Time told the story of two men in opposing situations, jailed teacher Mark Cobden (played by Sean Bean) and corrupt prison officer Eric McNally (Stephen Graham). However, as the three-part miniseries drew to a close the duo’s circumstances were reversed. At the end of the series, Eric ended up facing time in prison for smuggling drugs, while Mark was finally released. The BBC have confirmed the hit drama will return with another series, but will Sean and Stephen reprise their roles? READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim?  Fans of the prison drama will be pleased to hear Time has been commissioned for another series. The BBC has not yet confirmed an official release date for the next batch of episodes as news of the second series has only just been announced. As a result, production on the upcoming series does not seem to be underway.    As the new series still needs to be written, filmed and edited, it’s unlikely season two will arrive before 2023. Another task to be completed is casting as it has been reported Sean and Stephen won’t be returning for the second series. Time season two is expected to feature a brand new story set in an all-female prison, according to Radio Times. However, no cast members for the new series have been confirmed at this point. DON'T MISS...EastEnders twist as Chelsea Fox 'given heartbreaking health diagnosis' [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield apologises to disability activist over This Morning [MUST SEE]Holding viewers insist drama isn’t doing Graham Norton book ‘justice’ [UPDATE]  The mastermind behind the prison drama series is screenwriter and producer Jimmy McGovern. Throughout his career, he’s brought a wide range of stories to screen in shows such as Accused, The Street and Broken. He’s also written hard-hitting TV films Hillsborough, Sunday and Common. Ahead of Time’s initial debut, Sean commented: “Getting to be involved in a Jimmy McGovern drama again is a real privilege and it will be great to be reunited with Stephen.   “Mark Cobden is another of Jimmy’s complex and superbly written characters and I am looking forward to bringing him to life on screen,” he told Radio Times. Time isn’t the only BBC series that’ll be returning with a second season as the broadcaster has recommissioned multiple shows. The Tourist, The Responder and Vigil are also set to come back for second instalments. Time season 1 is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 