It has been reported that eligible households will usually not need to claim or apply for the rebate themselves regardless of their payment method. Those who do not use direct debit will be contacted by their local authority about the rebate scheme and to undertake pre-payment checks but it has been said that this will take longer.   The April rebate was announced last month as part of a package of measures to help ease the cost of living burden on British households. This coincides with council tax increases due this week. Individual councils have power over how much their council taxes increase, although in the Autumn Budget, Mr Sunak provided them the ability to raise it by three percent without needing a referendum. Britons have been urged by councils to switch to the direct debit payment method for their council tax if possible. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’     Direct debit users will reportedly receive the rebate quicker than those using other payment methods. An estimated 20 million households are expected to benefit from the one-off rebate. Similar schemes have been mirrored in Scotland and the Welsh Government has reportedly noted it will offer similar terms to residents. Households in bands A to D are eligible for the rebate that does not need to be paid back.  Britons that wish to move over to a direct debit payment method can do so online but must ensure they have the below details on hand before setting it up: Britons can also contact the Local Government administration services on 020 7664 3000 if they cannot set up the direct debit online. The rebate scheme and energy loan was announced by Mr Sunak on the same day that Ofgem announced the price cap rise in April of almost £700. These estimations are expected to worsen due to the conflict in Ukraine. The package is said to cost HM Treasury £9billion with the poorest households reportedly receiving the biggest rebates. The £200 energy discount also due in April will need to be repaid over the next five years through annual £40 payments.  The energy price cap has risen once this year already and the April increase is due to rise to £1,971. Analysts have also warned that another potential rise could be due later this year with bills predicted to reach £3,000 by the end of the year. As well as the household assistance announced by Mr Sunak, councils have been provided with £144million in discretionary funding to better assist the most vulnerable households across the country. The current cost of living is higher than it has ever been in the last 30 years, which has undoubtedly been affected by the pandemic.