Peter Capaldi, 63, has revealed a scar which he sustained from receiving a knockout punch by fellow actor Brian Blessed. The pair were due to appear together in the BBC Period Drama, The History of Tom Jones. In one of their scenes, Brian's character Squire Western fought Peter’s character, Lord Fellamar. But the scene, which was shot back in the 90s, went awry, as Brian accidentally hit Peter for real and left him needing stitches. Peter revealed he had to get nine stitches from the incident and he was left with a scar which runs the length of his eyebrow. He told the Daily Star yesterday: “I’ve got a scar under my eyebrow that runs the length of my eyebrow. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon wife: Is the Last Kingdom star married? ‘‘That’s when Brian Blessed punched me in the face. I got nine stitches. ‘‘We were filming the old BBC version of Tom Jones and I was playing a fop in a powdered wig and make-up. “He was playing a squire, from the country.” Brian explained that in the scene, he was attempting to seduce Peter's character's daughter but he got “over-excited” and hit him back too hard when a fight ensued. Peter added that he woke up with two paramedics standing over him. The star was then taken to the hospital with “poor Brian” obviously distraught. Brian, who famously played Flash Gordon, still claims to be haunted by the incident. “I’d been attempting to seduce his daughter - and in the scene he punched me. But he got a bit over-excited!" Peter recalled to the Daily Star. DON’T MISS:Britney Spears fumes at dad alongside close-up photo of her breasts [LATEST]Brian May's assessment of 'different kettle of fish' Adam Lambert [COMMENT]Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [INSIGHT] “I woke up on the floor, with two ambulance men pulling at my powdered wig. The star said he was wheeled off in his fop wig. He added that Brian was distraught Brian was offered the chance to star in Doctor Who in 2015 but turned down the opportunity for fear of looking Peter in the eye. Brian said he couldn’t bring myself to look at him again "since the day I punched his head." The actor recalled that he didn't even want to go to the hospital. But Brian explained there was a humorous side to the anecdote. He explained that Peter was playing a “floosie” in the show and was wearing hair and makeup to match. The star was still wearing the outfit when he was being rushed off to hospital. Brian joked that the casualty team thought that he was a “cross-dresser".