Max Verstappen has been backed this week by former world champions Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel after it was suggested that his new title of world champion might hinder his career. This week, Vettel said: “What I remember – I think it’s a boost, it takes a lot of weight, in a way, off your shoulders. But it’s a great feeling to start the season as world champion. “You have the number one on your car, so it’s a privilege. I think we would all like to be in that position. It can only be one of us, and yes, I didn’t see it as an extra burden. “If anything, it was a boost. So, I think he will probably feel the same. But then, everybody is different.” Alonso added: “I think if anything you will have less pressure because you've already accomplished one of your dreams. And from now on it’s more fun." During some races last season, Verstappen's driving style was criticised as too aggressive. Lord Peter Hain, Labour peer and vice-chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Formula 1, suggested that while this style naturally invites criticism, he should still be admired as a great driver. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: "They are racers — they are trying to beat each other, so they are bound to bump into each other occasionally. "Verstappen invites criticism but he is also an incredible driver. “I am a Lewis fan – I am friends with Lewis, but I think anyone has to admire Verstappen as a racer." Last season, Verstappen came under fire for his exploits in the Saudi Arabia Grand Prix. He and Hamilton clashed throughout the race before the Briton hit the back of the slow-moving Red Bull car as he tried to move aside, as instructed following a previous offence. Sky Sports pundits gave their verdict on Verstappen's driving at the time, with some saying the Dutchman went too far. Martin Brundle said: "I think Verstappen has got to think about his driving standards. They were too much today. "There's aggressive, determined, feisty racing and then there's what we saw this evening, which was too much." Johnny Herbert added: "It puts a little bit of a bad taste in the mouth. READ MORE: Max Verstappen ‘on track’ to beat Hamilton and Schumacher record “I think it just shows what Max is willing to do to try and win this world championship. "I agree with Lewis — I love Max for what he does on the racetrack — but he does really push the limits, and sometimes he pushes it too much." Damon Hill, 1996 world champion, added: "There are some people who drive with absolutely no compromise whatsoever, and I think Max is one of those people. But he's very skillful and very brilliant, and it's exciting to watch. "I think Lewis, who has to deal with that, is now very cautious. He's not intimidated but he's very wary of Max, and probably rightly so. "He's had to put up with a lot of vigorous defending with Max. It's not Lewis' style but it's Max's style and Max is pushing everything to the limit. "It's for the world title, both drivers want it massively and there's always going to be tears." DON'T MISS Helmut Marko irritated at 'whining' from Mercedes in F1 war of words [INSIGHT] 'I don't agree' Verstappen called out for opposing view to Hamilton [ANALYSIS] Hamilton snubbed for pair by ex-F1 star as Mercedes questions raised [INSIGHT] Despite the criticism, Red Bull Team Principal Christian Horner said last week that he hopes Verstappen's sticks with his driving style. Asked by BBC Sport if he wants Verstappen to continue driving the same way, Horner replied: “Absolutely — Max is a forceful driver. He’s an aggressive driver. “And that driving style is why he was voted the most popular driver in Formula 1 [during a fan survey conducted by F1 in 2021]. “You just know he is going to give 110 percent.”