The Oscars 2022 took a turn for the worse when comedian Chris Rock took to the stage to present an award. In a shocking display of rage, the Oscars were forced to switch off after Will Smith attempted to defend his wife. As well as presenting awards to well-deserving talent, the awards are also a place for hosts to poke fun and make jokes at the audience of actors and actresses for their films. However, this proved to be a huge issue for Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star, Will. After comedian Chris Rock took to the stage to present an award, he poked fun at Jada Pinkett Smith. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn  Unfortunately, it wasn’t all jokes and fun for the 53-year-old actor who approached the stage and slapped Chris Rock on stage. Chris had poked fun at Jada’s buzzcut and quipped: “Jada, can't wait for GI Jane 2." As the actor returned to his seat, Chris exclaimed: “Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me.” Though the audience laughed Will Smith was still fuming. It didn’t end there as the camera panned to Will who was eventually sat down. He shouted: “Keep my wife’s name out your f*****g mouth.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Maria Connor removed from the cobbles [THEORY] The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Venus Williams puts on eye-popping display in low-cut gown at Oscars [INSIGHT] Will Smith was joined by Jada as he was nominated for Best Actor for his role as Richard Williams in the film King Richard. Chris who was clearly still shaken by the incident tried to continue presenting the award for the Best Documentary Feature category. He joked: "That was the greatest night in the history of television." Although Jada simply rolled her eyes at the GI Jane joke, it hit a triggering note for the Will as she had been living with Alopecia. Earlier this year Jada revealed she had been diagnosed with the disorder in 2018. She has since used her platform on The Red Table Talk show to speak publicly about the effects of her hair loss and raise awareness about it.