Hollywood acting legend Kevin Costner's first wife Cindy Costner reportedly hated him performing "sexy scenes" with his co-stars so much, she issued him with an "ultimatum". In an unearthed interview, a close friend of the award-winning Dances With Wolves actor, 67, claimed that Costner's first wife "drained the blood" from his hand from gripping it so hard as they were watching him in steamy scenes on screen at a movie premiere. Costner's wife Cindy was reportedly so uncomfortable with her husband of 10 years performing in "sexy roles", that she gave him an "ultimatum" in spite of his blossoming Hollywood career. It came as the hit film No Way Out was released in 1988 which saw Costner cosying up to actress Sean Young in the action thriller. At the time, Costner's architect friend claimed that instead of being concerned about what critics would say, the actor was worried about his wife's verdict. Speaking ahead of the film's screening, Costner reportedly confided about his marriage woes to his friend. READ MORE: Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby John McInnes claimed Costner said to him: "Cindy doesn’t like these sexy roles, and she’s given me an ultimatum. "I’ve either got to quit doing them or quit the movie business." Watching the steamy scenes at the premiere of the film, McInnnes observed how the Costners were holding hands. However, he claimed that CIndy had been gripping her husband's hand so hard during the raunchiest parts that "all the blood" had gone from it. He claimed: "As one of those scenes came up [the Costners] were holding hands. “[Cindy] sat quietly. But afterward, Kevin showed me his hand and said she squeezed it so hard all the blood ran out of it," he told People magazine. Six years later in 1994, Kevin and Cindy released a statement announcing their separation. It read: "After 16 years together, we are ending our marriage. DON'T MISS... 'It's difficult' Julia Bradbury on the toughest times in cancer battle [INSIGHT]Britney Spears hits back at critics of nude snaps by baring all again [UPDATE]Stacey Dooley urged Strictly co-star Claudia to take on new project [ANALYSIS] “We have amicably resolved all issues regarding our children and financial affairs and a full marital settlement has been reached.” Ahead of the divorce announcement, Costner had given an interview to the Daily News where he addressed the state of his love life. He said: "The temptations are pretty strong—and there’s a hungry world out there waiting for you to fall. "So you can’t even dabble without paying a huge price. "I try to conduct my life with a certain amount of dignity and discretion—but marriage is a hard, hard gig," he added. In 2004 Costner married for the second time to E! Live presenter and former model, Christine Baumgartner. They went on to have three children, Cayden Wyatt, Hayes Logan and Grace Avery. The couple raise their family at their 165-acre Dunbar Ranch just outside of Aspen, Colorado. Express.co.uk has contacted Kevin Costner's representatives for comment.