Everton manager Frank Lampard and chairman Bill Kenwright have both received a personal phone call from Mike Riley, general manager of the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL), to apologise for Paul Tierney and Chris Kavanagh's failure to award a penalty after Rodri handled inside the box in the 1-0 defeat to Manchester City. The Toffees were left incensed by the decision and felt they had been robbed of a point that could prove key in their battle for survival.  Everton had more than matched the champions in a fiery clash at Goodison Park before a lapse in concentration from Michael Keane saw Phil Foden open the scoring in the 82nd minute. But Lampard's men did not lie down and instead went in search of an immediate equaliser. His determined players were adamant they should have had a penalty moments later when the ball bounced up off Rodri's arm. However, while Tierney seemingly missed the incident, Kavanagh had the chance to get his colleague out of jail with a VAR review. But to the surprise of many, Kavanagh gave Tierney the green light for play to continue. EXCLUSIVE: Meet Liverpool's 11-year-old 'guest' Beau invited by Alisson and Klopp to lift Carabao Cup A furious Lampard demanded an apology in the aftermath of the match and while it does not atone for the error, Riley has now reached out to the Everton manager to say sorry, admitting the officials were wrong. "We’ve lost a point by a professional who can’t do his job right," Lampard exclaimed after the defeat. "It’s incompetence at best. At worst, who knows? That’s Chris Kavanagh. It’s completely on Chris. "The referee [Paul Tierney] on the day knows it was a penalty. [But] he couldn’t see it. "The decision is incredible, incredible that loses us the opportunity to get what we deserved. It wouldn’t have needed more than five seconds to know it was a penalty. He should have told the referee to give it or to look at it. "They have not given that as a penalty when it strikes him on the arm, in an unnatural position. I have a three-year-old daughter at home who could tell you that was a penalty."  Lampard later added: "I’ll wait for the statement or apology they do when things are wrong, but it will mean nothing. "I was calm, I was not shouting and ranting at him. I wanted to know if offside in the build-up but I have been told it wasn’t in the build-up." Shortly after full-time, the Premier League published an explanation of the decision not to award a penalty. A small statement said the incident was "not clear enough evidence to show conclusively that it was handball." Everton could drop into the relegation zone tonight if Burnley take a point or more against Leicester. Sean Dyche's side are on the march after collecting seven points from their previous three outings against Brighton, Tottenham and Crystal Palace.