Charlene White is well known for hosting Loose Women as well as presenting on ITV News. However, today she took to her social media to pay tribute to another broadcaster. Global radio host Eddie Mair announced today that he will be retiring. The star, who is the current host of Drivetime on LBC, shared the news with his 125,000 followers. He tweeted this morning: “Apologies for this. “There is a war and a cost of living crisis but here is some blah about me.” READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced  Following this, he was inundated with replies from fellow broadcasters. Among them was Loose Women’s Charlene who posted the news to her own followers. Reacting to the news, Charlene tweeted: “One of my favourite radio broadcasters… your voice will be missed @eddiemair.” Eddie also shared a lengthy statement about his retirement on the Global website.  He said of his exit: “My only regret about LBC is not joining sooner. “I’m having a ball and all things being equal would probably carry on forever. “They love radio at Global and support it. “But the one thing I don’t have on my side is time. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal [VIDEO]ITV News star Mary Nightingale addresses emotional on-air moment [INSIGHT]   “Like many others, during Covid I had a rethink about life and in the summer of 2020 told my bosses and close friends and colleagues about my plans to leave.” Eddie went on to say how he wants to have a break following 40 years of presenting. He continued: “I’ve been at this for 40 years and I want to have a little time for me before I croak. “So I will carry on as a devoted LBC listener but pass things on to someone new and I wish them all the best.”  His final show will be in August 2022, which is his fourth anniversary at LBC. Eddie began his career at Radio Tay in Dundee where he hosted the breakfast show. He went on to join BBC Radio 4 on the PM show, where he worked for 20 years. The broadcaster was also a regular host on Newsnight as well. 