Tyrone, 36, known as Ty, revealed how exercise saved his life after he became involved in gangs after dropping out of college, which took him to a low point in his life. He was a member of a gang for four years and nearly lost his sight after being punched during a fight. After being mentored by the Prince’s Trust, he set up his own business Be The Fittest, and among his clients are TV presenter and top male model Gavid Gandy, TV presenter Maya Jama, former The Saturdays star Mollie King, and Games of Thrones actress Nathalie Emmanuel. Now he wants to champion more physical education in schools to help other children, as it not only boosts physical health but mental wellbeing too, both of which were affected during the pandemic. Ty explained he and his older sister were brought up in London by their mother who worked hard to provide for them. At school PE was crucial to him and he said children need more exercise in their school day: “It was the only subject I looked forward to. “I was more into being physical, I did not have the concentration or attention span to sit down and work out sums or read Shakespeare. “I was not ready for that but what I wanted to do was move, I wanted to exercise and do things that was fun. “When you exercise and run around and get a sweat on, you just feel good. “Sitting down in a class did not make me feel good.” In adulthood he got in with the wrong crowd and added: “It got to the point where my life became so low and where I had no opportunities, there was no hope. “The only thing that I looked forward to was just training and exercise and literally fitness saved my life. “Everyone was saying ‘Ty you should go and do something in fitness’, so I decided to change my life around.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Ty said during the pandemic “a lot of kids were stuck at home and it affected them. You are seeing so many children that are looking like they are overweight”. He added: “Schools should try and put on a little bit more physical activities within the week, for example five to ten minutes in the morning.” Ty is calling for a scheme where the increase in exercise classes during the school day would be provided by young fitness trainers who can inspire children to get moving. He is now mentoring five young people who want to set up their own well-being business. He said: “For young people to exercise and for more young people to access exercise and activities, there needs to be more opportunities for trainers to facilitate this. “And the government should offer more accessible opportunities for young people to run these classes - putting some money back into the community by allowing young people to hold these classes and being able to get paid for it.”  Ty said: “It’s not like PE is a quick fix to the problem of gangs but PE classes and sports can definitely impact kids’ behaviour, keeping them out of trouble. “Kids often have build up stress and energy they need to release, PE classes help kids do that. “Exercise and sports are a very natural way to relax and let go of stress. “If it means it keeps them off the streets or their games consoles that’s a step in the right direction.” Tyrone Brennand is a celebrity trainer, founder of Workout with Ty and author of Be The Fittest (Quadrille, £15) Visit: bethefittest.co.uk Instagram: @bethefittest 