Tonight, The Rock, 49, shares the screen with Kevin, 42, in ‘Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle’. The remake of the classic Nineties fantasy film sees four teenagers get sucked into a video game in which they must work together to escape. Dwayne and Kevin play Spencer and Fridge, two of the game’s main characters, who must get the green jewel to the Jaguar Rock shrine so they can return home. Speaking to Ellen in February, he said: “That's why I don't work out with Dwayne either.” Kevin then joked about the Rock’s inspirational Instagram posts from the personal gym at his home. He said: “I don't want to go in there and lift all that mess, all that stupid stuff that he got in there. “Who wants to do all that stuff? Listening to how good today is. 'Today the day we got to go, we got to challenge ourselves.' No we don't! Do what you do, and I'll do what I do.” Kevin was chatting to Ellen about his and Mark’s Netflix original movie ‘Me Time’, due to be released later this month, a comedy about a stay-at-home dad, which they wrote and directed.  The duo’s working relationship is limited to filming, however, as Kevin explained to Ellen that he and Mark are on different wavelengths when it comes to workouts. He said: “What I've found is that when I get to work with people that are really dedicated to the gym, we don't work out, we don't even want to.” He added: “I don't want to be in your space, I don't need you in mine. “I love that you go at it, but we're on two different wavelengths of time and schedule... “Mark's an early riser, though, Mark's a 4am., 4:45am guy, I'm a 4:30am, 4:45am guy, but we never mention it. DON'T MISS: Emmerdale cancelled: ITV soap taken off air in TV schedule shake-up [LATEST]Christopher Plummer lifted lid on surprise Sound of Music secret: 'Awfully hard to match' [INSIGHT]Louis Theroux admission on BBC producer wife: 'I don't trouble her' [ANALYSIS] “And then you'll throw like the occasional 'hey Kev, maybe we should work out,' and I'm very honest, I'm like 'no, I don't want to.' “Mark's like 'we've got to get one in.' No, we don't!" Despite the pair not seeing eye to eye over their fitness schedules, Kevin said he and Mark have a “great” relationship. The comedian told Ellen how working out together could actually be perilous as the pair may try and show off to one another. He said: “That's how it happens. He's lifting a certain weight, and I try to do the same thing, next thing you know I throw my back out. “I don't need to be around that. I like to be by myself and with my one trainer that I can yell back at from time to time, that's enough for me.” ‘Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle’ airs on ITV from 6:45pm-9pm.