PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi is being investigated by UEFA after his post-match antics following the Parisians' painful defeat to Real Madrid on Wednesday evening. The aggregate loss, which appeared unlikely until the last quarter of the two-legged contest, consigned them to more Champions League disappointment after years of focused attempts to lift the trophy. In an edgy first leg, Kylian Mbappe's stoppage-time winner ensured PSG travelled to the Bernabeu with a one-goal advantage. The French sensation continued terrorising Los Blancos on away turf, finding the net three times, although only one of them counted. It was not until the hour mark that Carlo Ancelotti's men got going, but once they hit their stride they did so to devastating effect as Karim Benzema rattled in a 17-minute hat-trick. Madrid held onto their 3-2 aggregate advantage until the final whistle to secure their spot in the quarter-finals at PSG's expense. JUST IN: Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions The Athletic claim that after the final whistle, Al-Khelaifi marched to the referees' room with sporting director Leonardo by his side. The duo were furious that a foul on goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma had not been given in the build-up to Benzema's first strike. UEFA have subsequently opened proceedings against the pair, with a decision expected from the Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body in due course. Wednesday night's encounter was spiced up even further by Mbappe's sizzling performance and the fact he is broadly expected to swap Paris for Madrid at the end of the season.  Only last summer PSG turned down a whopping £170million bid for the youngster but the move is expected to go through for free when Mbappe's contract expires in June. The result could also have Premier League implications, with PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino heavily linked to the Manchester United job, which is expected to be up for grabs in the summer when interim manager Ralf Rangnick steps aside. It remains to be seen whether the Red Devils will be as keen to swoop for the Argentine in light of this week's capitulation, and former United star Dimitar Berbatov has urged caution. PSG have been ruthless with managers over the years, particularly when failure in Europe is involved, but Leonardo was swift to play down notions of a change in the dugout after being turned over at the Bernabeu. "We shouldn’t throw everything in the bin," he told RMC Sport. "We shouldn't start from scratch after every loss. The objective is to win the Champions League, and until half-time we were fine. "We have to look to improve this team and maintain morale to play in Ligue 1 and to finish the season well. We should stay together. "Pochettino is still part of the project for this season. It’s not the time to think about that."