Coconut oil is an edible oil derived from the wick, meat, and milk of the coconut palm fruit. As well as being safe for consumption, coconut oil also has a number of multi-purpose uses that can benefit everything from your skin to your kitchen appliances. Here are eight incredible uses for coconut oil. Coconut oil for cooking Coconut oil may be most known for its common use in cooking as a fat. According to Holland and Barrett: "Organic coconut oil is ideal for cooking with very high temperatures due to its high saturated fat content. "This tasty oil is very resistant to oxidation at high heat due to its high levels of saturated fat, 40 percent of which is lauric acid." The oil is full of fatty acids crucial for your body to function. There is some evidence to suggest that coconut oil consumption may also improve cognitive function, metabolism, and hair and skin health. However, coconut oil is very calorie-dense, so you should limit how much you use for cooking. READ MORE: Daily horoscope for March 9: Your star sign reading for today Coconut oil to moisturise skin Thanks to its high-fat content, coconut oil is a great moisturiser and can help to soothe dry skin. However, the oil is not necessarily the best option for people who already have naturally oily skin. Your feet, in particular, can benefit from a slathering of coconut oil - especially in the winter or after long periods of exercise when they may be cracked. Coconut oil to remove sticky labels Whether it's sticky residue leftover on plastic surfaces or the remains of a sticker you've tried to pull off, coconut oil could be the solution. Generously apply a glob of coconut oil using a cotton ball to the affected area. Make sure to saturate the entire sticky region. Leave this to sit for around 15 minutes, and when you return the label should effortlessly glide off. DON'T MISSWhat to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [REVEALED]Crystals for sleep: The 8 best gems to beat insomnia [INSIGHT]How to clean your garden shed quickly and efficiently [EXPLAINER] Coconut oil to clean kitchen appliances Coconut oil makes stainless steel gleam, so it is a very practical product to use around the kitchen. To make kitchen appliances sparkle, rub a small amount of coconut oil in a circular motion across the entire surface of the fridge or oven top. Then remove any excess oil with a dry cloth. Coconut oil as a make-up remover Certain make-up remover products and wipes can cause irritation for people with sensitive skin. Coconut oil could be the perfect alternative, providing a natural and gentle alternative. The oil is both anti-bacterial and anti-yeast, as well as breaking up water-resistant substances used in certain eyeshadows and mascara. Using unrefined coconut oil, rub a teaspoon size between your hands until it melts into a liquid. Then massage onto your face with your finger. Rinse with warm water and repeat until your skin is clean. Do you have any uses for coconut oil? Join the conversation in the comments section below. Coconut oil to protect nails As well as moisturising your skin, coconut oil can also soothe nails. Try massaging some into your cuticles at night for nourished skin in the mornings. Some studies show that coconut oil can also stop fungal nail infections from spreading. Holland and Barrett explain: "In a 2015 study, published in the American Society for Microbiology, researchers reported that coconut oil has an anti-fungal effect, and that feeding mice a coconut oil-rich diet reduced the size of the population of candida in their guts." Coconut oil to encourage hair growth Although further studies may be needed to back this one up, there is some evidence to suggest that coconut oil may encourage the hair to grow. This is because coconut oil can protect your hair, and the stronger it is the more likely it is to grow. One way to look after your hair with the natural nut oil is by using it as a pre-wash treatment. Try applying coconut oil through the midsections and ends of your hair about half an hour before you are due to wash it. Then, shampoo and condition as normal. You can also use coconut oil as a conditioner after shampooing, this can decrease frizz and detangle the hair. Either use it as an alternative to your normal conditioner or add a few drops of it in with your usual product. However, the oil can make hair more prone to grease, especially if you have naturally oily hair. Coconut oil to clean make-up brushes Coconut oil is great for dissolving dirt and grime that clings to make-up brushes. Simply massage the oil into your brush head and then swirl it on a tissue or in water until you can see the dirt coming off. After this, rinse with clean water and allow your brushes to dry.