Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher says parts of Marcus Rashford’s performance during Manchester United’s 4-1 defeat to Manchester City were “not acceptable.” But Carragher has disagreed with Gary Neville by insisting the Red Devils didn’t give up as they were steamrolled by a dominant City side. Rashford has been a bit-part player since Ralf Rangnick took the helm in November following the sacking of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The England international was named on the bench once again on Sunday as his side travelled across town to take on their Manchester rivals. But he was introduced to the action with 26 minutes remaining as he replaced Paul Pogba with the Citizens leading 2-1. Rashford failed to provide the energy Rangnick was looking for as United went on to concede another two goals. And Carragher, who was working as a pundit for Sky Sports on Monday Night Football, has called the forward out for failing to close down opposition players quick enough. JUST IN: Micah Richards responds to 'disrespectful' Roy Keane claim after derby   “This is what I say and go back to the substitutions - throughout that 15 second passage of play, Marcus Rashford does not move,” Carragher said as he analysed the match footage. “Now the others around him are running ragged, they are probably shattered - certainly the two central midfield players. “But he lets the ball go inside. And the worst thing for me is Rashford certainly was not the highest player in terms of the press - but now in the clip he is the deepest one there. “I don’t want to jump on the bandwagon because he is getting a lot of stick - but that is not acceptable.” DON'T MISS Man Utd's £175m mistake is Rangnick's main problem - not Ronaldo Roy Keane calls out two Man Utd stars in Man City loss - 'Frustrating' Man City beat Man Utd: Four things we learned from derby clash    Neville and his former United team-mate Roy Keane slammed the 13-time Premier League champions in the wake of their thrashing. Neville said the players had “thrown the towel in,” while Keane said they “gave up.” But Carragher insisted United just lost belief. “No,” Carragher responded when asked if United had stopped trying. “I think, it’s 3-1, you are playing against the best team in the world and of course your shoulders are going to drop and players are going to lose that belief.   “When you are 3-1 down, you can’t sit in and you have to try and win the ball back and that is when the pitch gets even bigger.” Rashford’s United career appears to be stalling and he has only started two of his side’s last 11 top flight games. And there have even been reports that the 24-year-old will hand in a transfer request this summer in the hope of revitalising his career elsewhere. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  