Concerns were sparked following analysis of data submitted from the firms late last year on their waste disposal practices. David Black, Ofwat interim Chief Executive, said: "We have identified shortcomings in most water and wastewater companies and are continuing to investigate. But we have already seen enough in five companies to cause serious concern and warrant us taking further action." Ofwat said the companies now receiving enforcement actions raised particular concerns including significant numbers of wastewater treatment works which may not be compliant with environmental permits.  The regulator said the data also raised concerns over overall company management of compliance with environmental obligations and didn't sufficiently show how companies were checking whether treatment works met requirements. Further information will now be required from the list of firms, consisting of Anglian Water, Northumbrian Water, Thames Water, Wessex Water and Yorkshire Water. Mr Black said: "We will now dig deeper into what these five companies have been doing, with the prospect of formal enforcement against them if we find they are failing on obligations Ofwat enforces. “We will have further questions for all companies on this.  "In the meantime, we expect them to make quick progress in addressing any potential non-compliance they might have, whilst strengthening how they manage their environmental obligations as a whole.” Ofwat's enforcement powers can include fines of up to 10 percent of annual turnover. A spokesperson for Thames Water said: "We set out our position at the Environmental Audit Committee and are committed to being transparent, and have been developing an action plan, prior to Ofwat’s review, to radically improve our position in order to protect and improve the environment. "We will fully cooperate with Ofwat on this next stage of the investigation."  According to Thames Water £1.25billion has been invested in maintaining and improving operational sites in an effort to safeguard rivers and streams. A spokesperson for Yorkshire Water said: "We take our commitment to care for the environment very seriously. "We will of course be cooperating fully with the investigation and it would be inappropriate to comment any further while it is ongoing.” In addition to the five companies identified Ofwat will continue to monitor Southern Water after the firm paid out £126million in penalties and rebates in 2019 following failures in the operation of its sewage treatment sites. The data responses in December also found all but one company, Welsh water provider Hafren Dyfrdwy, reported having some treatment works which were potentially non-compliant with environmental permit requirements, though some have set out steps being taken to bring these back into compliance.   DON'T MISS: Russian central bank scrambles to prop up ruble [LATEST] Russian authorities 'surprised' by sanctions [ANALYSIS]Gold prices surge amid fears of yellow metal shortage [SPOTLIGHT] Water companies have come under increasing criticism over evidence of regular cases of sewage being released through storm overflows, which are meant to be reserved as a safety measure in times of heavy rainfall. Ofwat has called on firms to provide clear plans on how they will reduce harm to rivers, covering operations up to 2025. A Wessex Water spokesperson said: “Wessex Water is undertaking a thorough investigation, as part of an industry-wide programme agreed with the Environment Agency and Ofwat, into the accuracy of flow measurement and any implications for full to flow treatment (FFT) at all of its treatment works with flow consents. “Findings are shared regularly with the Environment Agency and we are working with Ofwat to provide the further information they have now requested.” An Anglian Water spokesperson said: "We will, of course, continue to support Ofwat with the information they request. "We’ve been transparent throughout and the regulator could have asked us at any point for further detail, which we would have provided." The firm added that they were delivering an £800m programme in environmental improvements.  A spokesperson for Northumbrian Water said: "“We recognise the gravity of the investigation, will fully comply with the requests made and take our responsibilities very seriously. "We were already working closely with our regulators on how we monitor sewage treatment works and have active programmes of work that we are investing significantly in at present."  