Bridgerton season two will make its Netflix debut on March 25, much to the delight of fans. The attention turns away from the Duke (played by Regé-Jean Page) and Duchess of Hastings (Phoebe Dynevor) as Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) hopes to find a wife to fulfil his Viscount duties. Edwina (Charithra Chandran) and Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley) put him through his paces after arriving from India. Anthony is introduced to Kate Sharma in unexpected circumstances in the second season. Feeling he needs to step up to the plate and find himself a partner, he writes up a list of specific requirements. However, none of the ladies he meets quite fit the bill until Kate and Edwina arrive from India. Spinster Kate has no intention of finding love, however, as she is solely focused on securing her sister's future. Edwina has been taught by Kate to be the perfect debutante. READ MORE: Bridgerton season 2 soundtrack: The covers and original tracks Kate Sharma is 26 years old and Edwina is her younger sister, aged 17 or 18. The siblings are half-sisters, sharing the same father but a different mother. Mary Sharma (Shelley Conn) is Edwina's mother, but she cares for Kate like she is her own. Kate's mother died when she was young, and her father married Mary soon after. Mary is also grieving the loss of her husband, which caused financial strain on the family. One of the reasons they moved to London for the social season is to secure their future. Not everyone in the Sharma family agrees with the relationship history, however. There is a key difference between Mary Sheffield from the Julia Quinn books and Mary Sharma. Mary Sharma is an Earl’s daughter whose marriage to Kate’s father caused a stir. Worried she will face scrutiny from the other women in London, she is nervous to return with her family. DON'T MISS... Charithra Chandran age: How old is Bridgerton's Edwina Sharma star? [INSIGHT] What happened to Siena Rosso in Bridgerton?[EXPLAINER] Bridgerton star hints she will unveil Lady Whistledown's identity [INTERVIEW] Kate and Edwina are expected to have plenty of rifts as a love triangle ensues between the pair and Anthony Bridgerton. Anthony has his eyes on Edwina, but Kate, knowing his intentions, is not happy with the relationship. She wants her younger sister to be with someone who genuinely loves her. All the while, she is trying to deny her own powerful feelings for the Viscount. Kate and Edwina adore each other, but will the love triangle drive them apart? Anthony actor Bailey spoke to Entertainment Weekly about the relationships in the series. He said: "They’re both drawn to him in turn. It’s an interesting love triangle, it’s dangerous when it’s siblings. “It’s bestial between them in a way season one wasn’t. They’re all animals with each other. "Enemies to lovers is extreme. They can hit each other’s buttons within a second, and it’s something that’s instinctive."  Bridgerton season 2 airs on Friday, March 25 on Netflix.