The 2001 Lexus Rx300 SE Auto five-door estate is available at Fellows Auction in Birmingham until early next week. The classic car is part of the film star’s estate and had its previous owner stated as ‘Michael Caine Business’ on the V5C logbook document. However, Fellows said it is unsure whether the car was used by Caine himself or just members of his team. First registered in 2021, the car has almost 80,000 miles on the clock. However, the car still has a valid MOT in place until June 21, 2022 meaning a buyer can get straight on the roads with their new vehicle. Kevin Jackson, Auctioneer and Senior Specialist at Fellows Auctioneers warned the car was likely to be in “high demand”. READ MORE: The 'tremendous' classic cars set to rise in value in 2022 - full list He said: “A car with the registered owner as Michael Caine Business is the final lot in our Antiques & Collectables auction. “Despite the car going through 80,000 miles and being 20 years old, the history behind it belonging to the business of one of the UK’s best and most highly decorated actors will ensure it’s in high demand at auction.” Fellows has done a full condition report on the model which found the car did come with some small issues. A range of obvious faults were found including accident damage to the rear bumper. DON'T MISSClassic Rolls Royce used in ‘Darling Buds of May’ sold for £60,000 [INSIGHT]The Market by Bonhams looking to modernise classic car auctions [ANALYSIS]'It’s overwhelming’: Over 100 classic cars to be auctioned in UK sale [COMMENT] Their front number plate and bumper as well as the front sump guard was also damaged. Fellows has described the car's interior as “worn” while the rear parcel shelf and rear inner boot panel was missing. The car's key fob is “no longer active” and entry is by “key only”. Meanwhile, the vehicle’s aerial is considered to be “missing or non-operational”. The car also comes with no service book or history. The auction house warns the car’s mileage has also not been verified and is not guaranteed. However, it warns no test drives will be permitted down to insurance and clean air zone rules. The vehicle is also set to be sold without any warranties or guarantees. Viewings will be held at the company’s Jewellery Quarter premises with the car parked on-site. Fellows have estimated the model will sell for between £1,000 and £1,500. At the time of writing, only one bidder had come in for the vehicle at £900.