Former BBC Panorama reporter John Sweeney erupted at Andrew Marr during an interview for LBC from the embattled Ukrainian capital city Kyiv. Mr Sweeney has continued reporting on the war in Ukraine despite a number of foreign journalists leaving the conflict zone amid fierce fighting. The LBC host asked Mr Sweeney in Kyiv: "So the noose is tightening John, a lot of journalists have got out quite sensibly. You haven't? Why not?" Mr Sweeney. argued: "I voted remain in London in 2016 and in 2022 in Kyiv, I am voting remain." The former BBC journalist continued: "The reason is it's kind of like...it's multifaceted...I'm 63." Mr Marr interrupted: "You might actually not make it to 64 at this rate, John!" Mr Sweeney fired back: "Shut up!"  Mr Sweeny added: "I picked up a flak jacket and a helmet so I'm getting serious about the war." On Monday the general staff of Ukraine's armed forces said Russian forces were "beginning to accumulate resources for the storming of Kyiv," a city of more than 3 million, after days of slow progress in their main advance south from Belarus. Twelve days after starting its invasion of Ukraine, Russian forces have largely stalled north on Kyiv and still do not control the skies over Ukraine, increasingly relying on missile and artillery strikes. A senior US defence official said on Monday that Putin has now deployed into Ukraine nearly 100 percent of Russia's planned invasion force. "That's our best estimate right now," the official told reporters, speaking on condition of anonymity. The Pentagon ordered over the weekend an additional 500 troops to Europe, which would bring the total number of American forces there to about 100,000, the official said, as the United States seeks to guard against the war's spillover into NATO nations. The additional troops had largely been expected and are being sent from the United States to support American troops already in the region. "It is not based on something that we saw over the course of the weekend," the official said. DON'T MISS: Dementia: The troubling toilet sign that could precede brain decline [REVEALED] Prince William's anger after leaked photo: 'Worried for Kate' [LATEST] Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REPORT] The official added that while the airspace over Ukraine was still contested, Putin still had the "vast majority" of his fighter jets and helicopter that had been amassed near Ukraine available to fly. "We have seen no indication that he has felt compelled to flow in from elsewhere in Russia additional air force capability," the official added. Russia calls the campaign it launched on Feb. 24 a "special military operation" to disarm Ukraine and remove leaders it describes as neo-Nazis. Ukraine and its Western allies call this a transparent pretext for an invasion to conquer a nation of 44 million people.  "That's our best estimate right now," the official told reporters, speaking on condition of anonymity. 