MasterChef has returned for a brand new series where a batch of amateur cooks duel it out in the kitchen with hosts John Torode and Gregg Wallace watching their every move. As the competition edges one step closer to the final, tensions are rising in the BBC contest with the quarter-finals next. For hopeful Ally, his pork tenderloin didn’t go down too well with the judges during Wednesday's round after Gregg slammed the contestant saying he would “send it back” if the dish had been served to him in a restaurant.  The solicitor had served up pan-roasted pork tenderloin with a cinnamon crust, butternut squash fondant, sweet potato puree, cavolo nero and mango salsa in the hopes it'd edge him closer to the quarter-final. Shortly after tasting the dish, Gregg remarked: “I like the flavour of cinnamon around the outside of the pork, I do." While showing a close-up of the pink meat inside, he added: “But, that pork is far too rare for me and I would send it back.” Having only taken one bite of the meat, he went on to say, however: “I very much like your sweet potato puree. READ MORE: Power Book 4: Walter and Serbian war teased in promo   “That is really smooth, plenty of butter in there, that is great. "That’s enough sweetness going on there for me,” Gregg continued: “The salsa as well, we’ve now got mango sweetness.” “It’s getting too sweet, even for me,” he told the contestant. While Gregg may have had to halt eating the pork for being undercooked, John weighed in to reveal he had the opposite problem: “Gregg’s pork is underdone, my pork is overdone."  “Because I’ve got one end which is thinner, Gregg’s got the fat end, and it means we’ve got this pork cooked in very different ways. “Your fondant, I think it is delicious but as a plate, it’s way too sweet for me,” John told the cook. After the criticism, Ally told viewers: “Ah, [feeling] slightly deflated. “A couple of little mistakes, some divided opinions about bits and pieces on the dish, but just some tweaking here and there.  “But, you know, that’s MasterChef for you, so yeah,” Ally added. However, Ally wasn’t the only contestant to leave the judges unimpressed after Stephanie too served up an inedible dish. The 36-year-old served up roasted guineafowl legs with a honey glaze and at a glance, John didn’t feel as though the dish was ambitious enough. The TV cook asked: “There’s not a lot on the plate, Stephanie is there?”  After cutting into the meat, Gregg took a sharp deep breath and cried: “Oh, no no no! “As you can clearly see, I’m sorry Stephanie, it’s not cooked enough.” Showing the middle part of the meat, Gregg revealed a gooey white and yellow streak, prompting the contestant to shake her head with disappointment. Later on in the programme, Stephanie was voted off by the judges, and although she claimed she was “disappointed” by the result, she went on to say she “expected it". MasterChef continues Friday at 8pm on BBC One. 