The UK government has received criticism over the speed and scale of its efforts to bring people fleeing the war to the UK, with access previously limited to those with family members settled in this country. Following a discussion with Conservative MP James Heappey on Friday’s Good Morning Britain, host Kate Garraway took a jibe at Home Secretary Priti Patel over her approach to the refugees and questioned whether she was “embarrassed” by her lack of support,   Addressing the MP, Garraway began “We’ve noticed that, we’ve spoken to you many times since the awful situation started to escalate [in Ukraine]. “James Cleverly has been on twice this week, Liz Truss almost weekly, Ben Wallace as well, all key members in this, but not Priti Patel. The ITV host asked: “Is she embarrassed about the accusations of incompetence over the visa scheme? “Why is she not seemingly front and centre?” Garraway probed. READ MORE:Joanna Lumley on why she'd refuse damehood from the Queen  Heappey replied: “Well, I think that the fact that the Foreign Secretary, The Minister for Europe, the Defence Secretary and the Minister Of The Armed Forces have been the most frequent contributors to your show is probably a reflection of the fact that this is an acute moment for foreign and defence policy challenges. Garraway pushed back: “It’s also an acute humanitarian crisis that our viewers have been really keen to get involved in. “They come under the space of the Home Secretary,” she added.  “Well, no,” Heappey hit back: “The humanitarian relief in Ukraine, Poland, Hungary, Slovakia [and] Romania is very much a responsibility of the Foreign Office and Defence plays a key part in enabling it. “I accept that there is a domestic policy issue over refugees and how to bring them here but so is that a responsibility of the department for levelling up and communities. “That’s why we’ve heard from their Secretary of State as well." “I certainly don’t think that the Home Office is in any way conspicuous in their absence,” he continued. Heappey added: “I think it’s entirely right that in a moment of great geopolitical challenge and security threat, it's foreign and defence ministers that are to the fore answering your questions. “Cause people are fearing for their security,” he concluded. Co-presenter Shephard went on to say: “One of the other major news stories that we would like to get your thoughts on, of course, is the news that a lot of P&O staff members had yesterday, been laid off as they went into work and were on a ferry. “There was outrage from a lot of politicians. “Unfortunately it doesn’t really mean a lot to those P&O staff members, who have no sense of recourse with this."  