Believe hitmaker Cher has taken to Twitter to offer to take in Ukrainian refugees in her luxury home as Russia's invasion of the country continues. The award-winning superstar, 75, told how she wants to open up her home to "traumatised" families as the war continues in Ukraine. Taking to Twitter, the If I Could Turn Back Time singer extended an offer of help to displaced families in view of her 3.9 million followers. Cher wrote: "I Would Like to Sponsor Ukrainian Families in My Home. "They Would Be Safe & Cared For. "MANY PEOPLE IN MY POSITION NEED TO STEP UP TO THE PLATE. READ MORE: Gogglebox's Sophie reacts as Pete's family member takes her seat "IF I WAS ALONE OR WITH MY CHILDREN, & WE WERE TRAUMATIZED, I WOULD HOPE SOMEONE LIKE ME TO TAKE CARE OF US," (sic) she ended her post. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has so far seen more than two million refugees flee the war-torn country. Following the Mamma Mia star's post, fans of the actress took to the comments of the post to weigh in on her generous offer. @lorrie_e replied: "That’s wonderful news to hear Cher and I have friends over in Poland who will be entering the Ukraine tomorrow to bring back refugees. "If you are seriously interested please let me know and perhaps we can help each other. Bless you," they added alongside an emoji of the Ukrainian flag. (sic) @Y_Malyarchuk wrote back: "@cher please let me know how! My family really needs it now - we left Everything in Ukraine." While @QuancyClayborne penned: "We should really be able to put our heads together and figure out how to get this done. "Thank you so much for raising visibility." DON'T MISS... Donny Osmond's farewell with wife after '14 years of living in hotels' [ANALYSIS]Strictly's Motsi Mabuse breaks silence on young niece's sudden death [INSIGHT]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] The star reportedly resides in her home in Malibu which she purchased in the early 90s for a rumoured $1.5 million. The luxury pad features six bedrooms, seven bathrooms and altogether boasts an impressive 16,000 square feet. Cher isn't the only celebrity to have offered up her home to Ukrainian citizens as they flee their native country. Speaking on the red carpet of the BAFTA awards last week, Benedict Cumberbatch spoke of his efforts to raise awareness of the humanitarian crisis. He told Sky News: "It is a really shocking time to be a European two and a half hours flight away from Ukraine, and it’s something that hangs over us. "We all need … to do more than wear a badge. "We need to donate, we need to pressure our politicians to continue to create some kind of a refugee safety and a haven here for people who are suffering. "Everyone needs to do as much as they can … there’s been a record number of people volunteering to take people into their homes, I hope to be part of that myself," he added.