NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg turned on Belarus with a clear warning to the country's Pro-Putin leadership. Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko has allowed his territory to be used by the Kremlin as a launchpad for operations against Ukraine. And earlier this week reports suggested Minsk was preparing to intervene directly in the conflict. Secretary-General Stoltenberg told the press conference: "[NATO] has also agreed that Belarus must stop acting as an accomplice to Putin's invasion. "At today's meeting, leaders reaffirmed strong our strong commitment to NATO's open-door policy under Article 10 of the Washington Treaty. "NATO enlargement has been a historic success, spreading democracy, freedom, and prosperity across Europe." Russia has used Belarusian territory as a staging post for its attack on Ukraine and the Ukrainian president's office on Sunday warned it saw a high risk of an attack on western Ukraine's Volyn region being launched from Belarus. JUST IN: Russian solider describes unit being 'torn apart' by Ukrainian troo Ukraine said on Thursday that its troops had pushed back Russian forces from some areas around Kyiv but that Russia had not given up hope of surrounding and seizing the Ukrainian capital. "In some sectors the enemy was driven back by more than 70 km (44 miles), in some sectors, the enemy is at a distance of 35 km," Defence Ministry spokesperson Oleksander Motuzyanyk told a televised briefing. Without citing evidence, he said the Kremlin had been sending additional military equipment to Belarus to reinforce its troops attacking Kyiv. It comes as the UK and Nato allies urged China not to back Russia's war effort in Ukraine or help Vladimir Putin escape the sanctions imposed following the invasion. Secretary-General Stoltenberg called on Beijing to use its "significant influence" on Russia to press for an immediate peaceful resolution to the crisis. In a joint statement, the alliance's leaders, including Boris Johnson, called on China to "cease amplifying the Kremlin's false narratives" about the war and Nato. "We call on all states, including the People's Republic of China (PRC), to uphold the international order including the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity, as enshrined in the UN Charter, to abstain from supporting Russia's war effort in any way, and to refrain from any action that helps Russia circumvent sanctions," they said. The UK's International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan suggested Xi Jinping's country could be hit with sanctions if it supplied arms to Russia, in the same way, Belarus had been targeted with economic measures. DON'T MISS: Doomsday plane flies over English Channel [REVEAL]Huge fire near hospital in Uxbridge [ANALYSIS]Entire London suburb faces being cancelled over 'colonialist' roots [INSIGHT] "We've sanctioned Belarus right alongside Russia precisely because they basically said feel free to park your tanks on our lawn," she told The Sun. "That is just not acceptable. "Anyone who wants to support the outrageous and illegal invasion of a democratic nation needs to be cognisant of what they're doing and the impacts that is going to have elsewhere." The Prime Minister's official spokesman said the UK would "continue to talk to the Chinese government, Chinese leadership at all levels to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine as part of imposing the maximum possible pressure on Putin".