Barcelona have been tipped to prise Mohamed Salah away from Liverpool at the end of the season and also complete a move for Bayern Munich star Robert Lewandowski. The forwards will be entering the final year of their respective contracts this summer and are yet to put pen-to-paper on new deals. Salah has become one of the best players in the world during his time at Anfield, while Lewandowski has continued to bang in the goals season after season in Germany. And the pair would surely only enhance their reputations at the Nou Camp. Barcelona have endured a tough campaign this time out after being thrown into financial turmoil following the COVID-19 pandemic. And they crashed out of the Champions League at the group stages. But if they sign Salah and Lewandowski, they will surely once again be a force to be reckoned with. And Express Sport takes a look at their exciting XI, should they complete the transfers. Goalkeeper - Ter Stegen Marc-Andre ter Stegen has been a rock for Barcelona between the posts for nearly eight years and has kept an incredible 126 clean sheets in his 316 appearances for the club. Boss Xavi is likely to be happy with what he’s seen from the German and should keep him as his No 1 for now. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  Defence - Dest, Araujo, Garcia, Alba Barcelona would likely play a 4-3-3 with Salah and Lewandowski in their side, with Sergino Dest lining up at right-back and Jordi Alba taking on the left-back role. Ronald Araujo would hold on to his position at centre-back if Barcelona can keep him at the club following his stellar performances this season, while former Manchester City defender Aric Garcia could partner him. That would mean Gerard Pique would have to contend with a place on the bench should he wish to remain at the Nou Camp. Midfield – De Jong, Pedri, Gavi Barca’s midfield three of Frenkie de Jong, Pedri and Gavi have finally started to show what they can do in recent weeks following Barcelona’s egregious start to the season. And the trio would be tasked with breaking up opposition play, winning possession and getting the ball to the front three if they continue to line up alongside each other. DON'T MISSArsenal refresh striker transfer shortlist as background Darwin Nunez talks heldErik ten Hag's first two Man Utd signings should follow him from AjaxAchraf Hakimi 'freaking out' over PSG exit as Lionel Messi and Neymar 'don't speak to him'  Forwards - Salah, Lewandowski, Aubameyang Salah and Lewandowski would be thrust straight into the Barca team should the Catalan giants sign them. And they represent a huge upgrade on the attackers Barcelona currently possess. Salah would be confident of transferring his Premier League performances into La Liga, while the Egyptian’s presence could also help the Spaniards compete in the Champions League once again. The Liverpool ace could line up on the right side of the attack, with ex-Arsenal forward Pierre Emerick Aubameyang, who has been imperious since moving to the club, playing on the left. And that would leave space for Lewandowski to lead the frontline. The Poland international has already bagged an astonishing 45 goals this season and could score even more at the Nou Camp. With that sort of team, Barca would once again be regarded as one of the best teams in Europe and could dominate competitions for the next few years. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 