The Met Office has said that by Wednesday some areas of Britain may see snow as low pressure comes in off the Atlantic. Forecasters suggested that the most likely areas to be hit with snow will be in the north of England and those in Scotland.  A spokesperson for the Met Office told The Independent that the majority of the UK should expect wet and blustery conditions from the middle of the week. The spokesperson said: “The high pressure system will move out, and it looks like a low-pressure system will come in from the Atlantic. “The timing of when that happens and how it will happen are still quite uncertain, but we can see a transition which will include heavy rain, strong winds and the potential for snow as the system from the west hits the cold air in the east.  "There is a liklihood of snow over higher ground in northern England and Scotland, but there is still quite a bit of uncertainty because it depends what direction that high pressure moves in." Weather charts show that temperatures are set to plunge from Sunday night and into the early hours of Monday morning, where some places will reach a level of -4C. As clouds and showers ease off, the clear skies will cause sub-zero temperatures in many parts of the UK with highs of only 7C or 8C. READ MORE:Ukraine-Russia LIVE: Putin now seizes Russian bank accounts  In the north it is expected that there will be severe and widespread frost and freezing fog forming near dawn. The breezy conditions felt further south means that a wide or severe frost is unlikely and these windy conditions are expected to build in the west over the course of Tuesday. Despite the beginning of spring last Tuesday according to the meteorological calendar, the country will not be experiencing any springtime weather in the near future. Some reports state that these wintery conditions will continue well into the latter half of March. DON'T MISS:Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected [REACTION]What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [INSIGHT]Queen is permanently leaving Buckingham Palace - inside former home [REVEAL]  The Met Office predicted the week ahead to turn windier and wetter. It wrote: "A windy start to the period for all parts with heavy rain and coastal gales possible in northwestern regions. "Outbreaks of rain will work their way erratically southeastwards across the UK, the heaviest of this will be across western hills. "Elsewhere, especially the east will remain largely dry with variable amounts of cloud and sunshine, but with some rain and showers.   "Temperatures are expected to be mostly near normal to rather mild, though feeling colder in the wind. "Through the rest of the period, frontal systems push eastwards which are likely to bring strengthening winds and rain. "The main impacts are likely to be from heavy rain and gales during this time. "Clearer weather, with showers, possibly wintry, may reach all areas by the end of this period."  