An 1860s townhouse renovation has fans in awe of the beautiful rooms crafted by designer, architect and mum Alison. Situated in the North East, Alison posts renovation updates on her Instagram account @houseabovetheriver. Her stunning kitchen has been widely praised by fans. Featuring a large island, fireplace, and bay windows, the gorgeous space has been decorated thoughtfully with interesting hues. Alison told followers: "We love @farrowandball 'Railings' (used in the bedroom and kitchen)." The paint, described by Farrow & Ball as "a softer alternative to black" is a charcoal hue. READ MORE: 'Garden got absolutely destroyed': DIY enthusiast's 'biggest mistake' during renovation The company said: "The bluer undertones of this dark hue transform rooms into dramatic and enveloping interior spaces." For the walls and units in the kitchen, Alison opted for another Farrow & Ball shade named Wevet. Wevet is a "delicate white with a hint of grey". The brand said: "This delicate white has a barely there and almost translucent feel to it, and so shares its name with the old Dorset term for a spider’s web." The Railings hue has been used as an accent paint in the room. DON'T MISS'Honestly one of the most gorgeous kitchens' - 'crazy' kitchen renovation [DIY] 'We ended up saving £3k': Stunning kitchen transformation [HOW TO] DIY couple saved money transforming kitchen with budget worktops [RENOVATION] Alison used it for her island, although not the countertops, which are a contrasting white. The original fireplace is painted in a dark colour, as are the pantry shelves and cupboards. One fan told Alison: "This is genuinely one of the nicest kitchens I have ever seen." One wrote: "Absolutely love your kitchen it’s just stunning." Another said: "Good lord, such a beautiful space!" "Absolutely stunning! I’m in love with your kitchen," one fan said. Another wrote: "Such a beautiful kitchen." In another renovation, a couple was praised for their "transformation and a half" tackling a DIY kitchen space. Emma and Jack have transformed their 1930s semi. The kitchen features stunning dark blue units, with a built-in fridge and double oven. A blue L-shaped island with a white countertop features a gas hob and leaves space for a kitchen table. Glass pendant lights hang from the ceiling, where an exposed metal beam adds a lot of character.