Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly made a return with their ITV show Saturday Night Takeaway. The duo welcomed Michael Buble onto the entertainment programme to take part in the End of the Show, Show, while Line of Duty star Anna Maxwell-Martin was this week's guest announcer.  At the beginning of the show, the comedy duo invited Anna to take part in the game, Read My Lips. The segment saw the actress trying to guess the names of TV shows from viewers at home while wearing headphones. Anna had to guess what the contestants were saying by trying to sound out the words. However, midway through the game, Ant and Dec were forced to step in and stop one round when contestant Colette didn't have the correct list of TV shows. READ MORE: Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? It is unclear whether Colette was reading out her shopping list, or whether she had been given the incorrect list by ITV bosses. "Colette, good luck your time starts now," Dec explained as 30 seconds appeared on the clock. The contestant began by mouthing the word "Nachos" to Anna before adding: "Biriyani." "Come on, Colette," Anna shouted as she struggled to understand what she was saying.  "Coronation Street," she continued as she started to read off the correct list of programmes. Despite answering it correctly, Ant and Dec could be heard shouting "Stop! Stop!" "Stop," Ant shouted again. "Listen, you obviously had a wrong list of words to start with so we're going to start again with British TV shows, pet. "British TV shows," Ant repeated as Anna burst out laughing over the slip-up. DON'T MISS...The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected me' [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn teases future episodes away from Newcastle [NEWS]Ben Shephard airs concern for Kammy as he gives health update [VIDEO] Viewers found the segment hilarious and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Chloe penned: "Colette reading out her b****y shopping list #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Reiss tweeted: "I love this woman on #SaturdayNightTakeaway. Ant & Dec need to get her on every week! She’s hilarious! #SNT." (sic)  While Mitchell joked: "Imagine reading your take away menu out by mistake when live on TV!" (sic) "Might go check out that Biryani TV show tonight," Liam went on to tweet. Despite the rocky start, Colette began the round again and Anna managed to win her £500. Viewers also tok to Twitter to call for ITV to make Anna a permenant announcer. Grant wrote: "Just make Anna permanent star announcer and be done with it #SaturdayNightTakeaway." While user @jcarla_vol6 praised: Anna Maxwell Martin is a national treasure #SaturdayNightTakeaway." (sic) Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs at 7pm on ITV on Saturday.