The incident between junction 33 and junction 34 has triggered six miles of congestion in the area, causing delays of more than 77 minutes. Traffic service Inrix said: "Two lanes closed, long delays and queueing traffic for six miles due to overturned car and trailer on M6 Northbound at J33 A6 Preston Lancaster Road (Lancaster South / Garstang)." Highways England said: "The collision has resulted in a trailer overturning. Police lead the response to the ongoing incident and have closed the carriageway to allow them to work at scene. "National Highways have resources in attendance to assist with traffic management. Road users are advised to expect delays on the approach to the incident and allow extra time for their journeys. "There are currently delays of 77 minutes above normal journey times." Another three incidents on the M6 northbound, near Garstang, Leyland and Knutsford, are causing disruption, too. Two lanes are closed and there is queueing traffic due to a traffic issue at J33 A6 Preston Lancaster Road (Lancaster South / Garstang). As of yet, it is unclear why. READ MORE: Forensics swoop on London street after major incident All traffic is being temporarily held and traffic is stationary because of an accident from J27 A5209 Crow Orchard Road (Standish) to Charnock Richard Services. Services are between J27 (Standish) and J28 (Leyland). One lane closed is due as a result of a broken-down vehicle from J18 A54 Middlewich Road (Middlewich / Holmes Chapel) to J19 A556 ( Knutsford ). Traffic is minimally impacted. The M6, as the country's longest motorway, has been anything but short of incidents this week, On Thursday, March 24, traffic was stopped as police hunted for an inmate convicted of a burglary offence who had escaped from prison. Jonathan Simpson was last seen at HMP Thorn Cross, Warrington, at about 9am on Wednesday, March 23, Cheshire Police said. Simpson was caught and arrested by police on Thursday after the force carried out a number of searches, including using police dogs. It followed an unsuccessful two-hour search on the M6 at junction 20 in Lymm on Wednesday evening. Separately, a driver was trapped for three hours in their lorry after three HGVs crashed on the M6 southbound on Wednesday, closing the motorway between junction 11 and junction 10A for the M54. Medics were called at 11.39am and sent emergency services, including two ambulances, two paramedic officers, the Trust’s Hazardous Area Response Team and the Midlands Air Ambulance from Cosford, to the scene.