Wales star Gareth Bale has slammed his critics in a furious interview after he starred for Wales in their 2-1 victory over Austria on Thursday. The 32-year-old scored two stunning goals to inspire his country and leave them just one win away from reaching the World Cup finals for the first time since 1958. His first strike was an unbelievable long-range free-kick to put Wales 1-0 up. He then repeated the trick by doubling the lead in the second-half with a beautiful strike from a short corner. Although Austria pulled one back through Marcel Sabitzer, Wales did enough to hold on and reach the World Cup playoff final Despite the fine form for his country, however, Bale has come under attack from certain sections of the Spanish press, and has barely featured for Real Madrid. A scathing article from outlet Marca has likened Bale to a mosquito for 'sucking euros out of the club' amidst his lack of appearances for the club this season. "The Bale parasite came from the cold and rainy Britannia," the paper started in an article published on Thursday. "He settled in Spain, at Real Madrid, where, masked, he first showed diligence and love for the guest, but then his nature led him to suck blood without giving anything in return.  Speaking to Sky Sports after the win against Austria, Bale was asked about his celebrations, in which he kissed the Wales badge on his shirt and stared. down the camera "Gareth, your celebrations on the goals were memorable, were you sending a message?" the interviewer asked. The former Tottenham man replied: "No. I don't need to send a message, honestly. I don't need to send anything, it's a waste of my time. It's just disgusting and they should all be ashamed of themselves. So I'm not fussed. Yeah, end of." While Bale did not confirm who he was talking about, it seemed like a clear message to Marca and all the other publications who have hit out at him recently. Going on to speak more about tonight's famous victory, Bale added: “We spoke yesterday about how big the game was and we had to perform. It was nice to see the free-kick go in and get an early goal to give us that momentum."I’ll run into the ground for his country and we all did it."