Ukrainian authorities have claimed the city now no longer exists and Putin is carrying out a "war of annihilation". Russian-backed separatists claimed on Friday that they had captured the city. After days of heavy bombardment from the air and ground artillery units, the city has been demolished.  Ukrainian authorities have said that most of the city's civilians have managed to escape before the arrival of Russian troops. The governor of the region that contained the city has said that “in general, Volnovakha with its infrastructure as such no longer exists". Videos on social media showed Russian soldiers and armoured vehicles in the city, surrounded by burnt-out buildings. In the south of the country, the people of Mariupol have been besieged by Russian forces for many days.   There the population has been cut off from electricity, gas, water and telephone and internet communications. Their only contact with the outside world has come through aid agencies’ satellite phones and those belonging to the local administration. As of Friday, authorities with Mariupol have said that 1,582 people had been killed. Mariupol has a population of almost half a million and if taken it would create a land bridge for Putin from western Russia to Crimea, which he seized in 2014. READ MORE: Captured Russian bomber pilot says 'we have already lost this war'  A member of the aid group Médecins Sans Frontières managed to get a voicemail message out to colleagues, which said: “We saw people who died because of lack of medication. “There are a lot of such people inside Mariupol, many people who are killed and injured. "They are just lying on the ground, and neighbours just digging a hole in the ground and putting the dead bodies inside.” In an address to the people of Ukraine yesterday, prime minister Zelensky said he had sent another team to try to get aid into the city of This action came after previous attempts to set up a humanitarian corridor failed when it came under renewed Russian attack. He said: “We will try every day to save our people. DON'T MISS:Putin could be suffering from ‘roid rage’ from cancer drugs [REVEAL]Putin will invade EU cities if the West fails to intervene [INSIGHT]Kyiv will only fall if it is ‘razed to the ground’, warns Zelensky [SPOTLIGHT]  “I am grateful to every driver who tries to accomplish this difficult mission.” The Ukrainian prime minister also said he had spoken to France and Germany about Ukraine’s application to join the European Union. He had also urged them to help secure the release of a Ukrainian mayor seized by the Russians. Prime minister Zelensky also spoke about the losses sustained by the Russians in their invasion so far. He spoke about how their slow-moving columns of tanks, heavy weapons and support vehicles are picked off by western-supplied missile launchers and drones. He said: “This is the biggest blow to the Russian army in decades." He said Russian soldiers were surrendering in groups or deserting. He added that the losses are “simply astounding”. 