Princess Beatrice, 33, is 10th-in-line to the throne despite being fifth-in-line at the time of her birth. She is the older sister of Princess Eugenie, 31, and the York sisters grew up in Sunninghill in Ascot. In the programme ‘Beatrice and Eugenie: Pampered Princesses?’, Ingrid Seward, the editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, spoke about the circumstances surrounding Beatrice’s birth.  She said: “There was huge euphoria, everyone was just delighted that there was another royal baby, and they came out from the hospital and posed outside.” Emily Andrews, a royal commentator also commented saying: “There was national jubilation because here was the first royal Princess since Princess Anne.” Princess Beatrice was styled as HRH Princess Beatrice of York, but her full name was Beatrice Elizabeth Mary. Ingrid offered a possible reason why the Duke and Duchess chose the name Beatrice. READ MORE: Lawn specialist shares tips to get 'thick healthy grass' this spring She said: “The name Beatrice – it was Queen Victoria’s daughter Beatrice that she was named after.” However Wesley Kerr OBE, another royal commentator revealed the hidden meaning behind Beatrice’s name choice. He said: “She’s Beatrice Elizabeth Mary, so Beatrice has the names of all English Queens since 1910.” But according to some reports, Beatrice was initially going to be called by a different name altogether. While royal parents are allowed to name their own children, the Queen has the final say on royal baby names. The Queen is very involved when it comes to welcoming new royal arrivals, and is the first to be informed when a royal baby is born. Royal commentator Kate Williams explained in an interview with CNN how the Queen has the final say on royal baby names. She said: “The Queen has the power to say what their title is.  “But in the case of names, it is more of an informal conversation.” She added: “Of course they have such respect for the Queen that if she says ‘I really don’t like that name,’ they’d definitely take that into account.” Generally, it is accepted most royals’ choices are approved in the first round. However, the Queen reportedly did not approve of the Duke and Duchess of York’s choice of name for their firstborn, according to The Sun.  The Duke and Duchess reportedly wanted to name their daughter Annabel. The Queen apparently said she did not like the name as it was too “yuppie”. Instead, it is thought the Queen and the new parents both agreed on Beatrice, a name with strong historical links to the Royal Family. As Beatrice was Queen Victoria’s youngest child, it is a name with rich royal history. Sarah may also have liked the historical connection, as she is known to be very interested in the life of Queen Victoria. 