Prince William addressed the republican issues the Royal Family is facing in the Caribbean in an important speech he delivered during the Governor-General's reception in Nassau. However, his remarks also included a sweet nod to his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales. Noting this was his first-ever royal tour in The Bahamas but not his first visit, the Duke of Cambridge said: "I came here with my mother as a child. "Snorkelling around the James Bond wrecks off Nassau left me with the most vivid memory of your beautiful blue waters. "For a young boy, obsessed with 007, it was the best holiday ever." The late Princess of Wales is believed to have stayed in a holiday home on the island in 1993. During his speech, William also paid tribute to Prince Philip. Speaking of the Platinum Jubilee regatta he and Kate took part in earlier that day, William said: "It is touching to see your deep admiration for the Queen and her 70 years of dedicated service to the Commonwealth. "I know as well that my grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, had a soft spot for the Bahamas. "Catherine and I were thinking about him today as we celebrated the return of sloop sailing here by racing off Montagu Beach. READ MORE: Prince William's heartbreaking promise to Diana left her in tears "He would have been in his element!" Prince Philip, who died in April last year, was an Honorary Commodore then Honorary Life Member of the Royal Nassau Sailing Club. The Duke of Edinburgh paid a visit to the sailing club in 1959, during which he presented the King’s Cup to the winners. The former Navy official also took to the water on one of the boats during that occasion.  In his speech, the Duke of Cambridge also revived his well-known competitiveness with Kate. He quipped: "As for the race result? Discretion is the better part of valour. "Particularly if you have won, and your wife has come last." Despite the light moments in the address, the most important part of the speech, reportedly added last minute in the wake of claims Jamaica is already preparing to ditch the Crown, focused on republicanism. Acknowledging the possibility the Caribbean country he just visited may decide to sever their ties with the Queen as their head of state, William said: "Next year, I know you are all looking forward to celebrating 50 years of independence - your Golden Anniversary. "And with Jamaica celebrating 60 years of independence this year, and Belize celebrating 40 years of independence last year, I want to say this: We support with pride and respect your decisions about your future. "Relationships evolve. Friendship endures." Despite recognising the Queen and Prince Charles's position has always been it is up to the people in the overseas realms to decide who should be their head of state, the Daily Express royal correspondent described this latest speech as a "watershed moment". He wrote on Twitter: "In a way, it is no different to what the Queen, Charles, and other royals have been saying for years. "I was in Australia in 2006 when Buckingham Palace briefed that the Queen was saying to Australians it’s up to you." He added: "But this really does feel like a watershed moment in the Caribbean."