Manchester United are doing the right thing with their next manager announcement plan. Erik ten Hag has now jumped above Thomas Tuchel and Mauricio Pochettino in the race to be named Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s permanent replacement. And the Red Devils are hopeful of hiring their new boss before the end of the campaign. Manchester United sacked Solskjaer back in November, less than 24 hours after they’d been torn apart by Watford on a chastening afternoon at Vicarage Road. They then opted to hire Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis yet, though the German has arrived with a big reputation, he’s been unable to prevent their season going from bad to worse. United have been long-time admirers of Pochettino, who many are expecting to leave Paris Saint-Germain come the summer following their failure to win the Champions League. They’ve also been linked with Tuchel, whose future at Chelsea remains up in the air due to the chaos surrounding the club over at Stamford Bridge. Yet now, according to The Sun, United have made Ten Hag their top target to replace Rangnick after compiling an extensive dossier on the current Ajax coach. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz What’s more, the publication states that they want to formally announce their new boss before the end of the campaign. And that, given past events, seems to be the smart move. United, in 2013, wanted David Moyes to replace Sir Alex Ferguson after the splendid work he’d done at Everton - helping them challenge the Premier League big boys. In the immediate aftermath of Ferguson’s decision to step down after a glittering spell in the dugout, it was apparent other candidates such as Jose Mourinho and Carlo Ancelotti weren’t in the running. Yet while it was an open secret United wanted to hire Moyes, it ended up being a prolonged saga. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message On May 9, the Red Devils confirmed the current West Ham boss would be their chosen one - a nickname fans lapped up by putting a banner with the letters up inside Old Trafford itself. However, they didn’t pay Everton their compensation right away. It meant that only on July 1 was Moyes able to take charge of United, preventing him from planning sufficiently in the process. He wanted the signings of Cesc Fabregas, Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale - who were strutting their stuff at Barcelona, Real Madrid and Tottenham respectively. But United missed out on the trio, as well as Everton’s Leighton Baines, while ultimately being forced to accept the late arrival of Marouane Fellaini. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Now, by hoping to announce Ten Hag’s appointment before the end of the campaign, they appear to be learning from that mistake. United are, once again, heading for a big summer. But with this season the worst in recent memory, they can’t afford to delay anything when it comes to overhauling everything behind the scenes. They need a centre-back, for starters, with the likes of Harry Maguire and Eric Bailly nowhere near good enough. Borussia Dortmund’s Manuel Akanji has been mentioned as one potential target. United also covet a midfielder, or perhaps even two. Paul Pogba, Donny van de Beek and Nemanja Matic may all depart come the summer, while the club have interest in West Ham’s Declan Rice and Ajax’s Ryan Gravenberch. And they also desire a new forward, regardless of what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. Edinson Cavani will leave, Mason Greenwood and Anthony Martial’s futures are up in the air and there’s no guarantee Marcus Rashford will stick around having endured a troublesome campaign. By hiring Ten Hag early, United can work with the Dutchman as they try to build something special for the future. Whether that’s possible, especially given the fact Ajax are currently involved in a title tussle with PSV Eindhoven, remains to be seen.