The invasive plant has been spotted on the banks of the River Plym in Plymouth, Devon. Usually, the plant appears in mid-March to April, however, the plant has emerged two weeks earlier than last year. The plant hibernates in the winter and normally begins to sprout when ground temperatures reach around 4C. In recent years, the plant has started to appear earlier which could be down to climate change. A study by the University of Cambridge actually fund that plants in the UK are flowering on average a whole month earlier than they used to due to global warming. Emily Grant, Environet’s Regional Director for the southwest, said: “A few years ago it was unheard of for Japanese knotweed shoots to emerge in February or March, but unfortunately this now seems to be the norm. “The warmer climate we enjoy in the southwest certainly helps it along, with the UK’s first shoots spotted in Plymouth for the second year in a row. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass “Homeowners across the country should be vigilant for the distinctive red or purple spear-like shoots emerging in their gardens or near their homes over the next few weeks, as the knotweed growing season becomes established. “Those who discover Japanese knotweed on their land should seek professional advice. “Implementing a professional treatment plan is the best way to prevent knotweed from causing damage to property, preserve the value of your home and protect yourself from the threat of litigation from neighbours if it’s allowed to spread.” First signs of the plant include red shoots and rolled leaves. DON'T MISSWhite vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Who owns what fence? How to find out which side of the fence is yours [UPDATE]Where did Shane Warne live? Inside his impressive property portfolio [ANALYSIS] The stems shoot up quickly and turn into green bamboo-like stems. By June, they can end up being around three metres high. Once mature, the plant has heart-shaped leaves and white flowers which bloom in clusters in the late summer. One of the reasons Japanese knotweed is so invasive is down to its rhizome root system. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The perennial invasive species’ roots and rhizomes can grow to a depth of two metes. The roots can be dormant for long periods of time and can spread underneath patios, concrete and even property foundations. It can cause damage to buildings and structures, and can even growth through paving and tarmac. The plant can also reportedly devalue a property by as much as 15 percent.  Japanese knotweed can be costly to remove and often requires professional help. The plant is not illegal to have on a property, however, homeowners can be sued if it is allowed to spread onto neighbouring property. Presence of the plant must be declared on a TA6 conveyancing form when the home is sold, even if it has been successfully treated. Some mortgage lenders may require a professional treatment plan to be in place with an insurance-backed guarantee before lending on a property.