This summer, there will be a number of top-class players available for nothing in the Premier League. The Bosman ruling will allow several stars to leave their teams and join another for free in the transfer window when their contracts expire. There are some high-profile departures on the cards in the Premier League this summer. Everyone knows that the likes of Paul Pogba, Antonio Rudiger and Alexandre Lacazette will see their contracts expire at the end of the season. But what about those that might have been forgotten about? The top tier of English football is home to some of the very best players in the world but they are usually protected by huge price tags. It has warded off interest from other clubs but it appears in recent years the players are taking back control of their own futures. It has led to an increase in those running down their contracts to get themselves the best deal. So, who are some of those who could be joining a new team this summer - for nothing? Once linked with Newcastle and West Ham, the Burnley star almost looks certain to leave Turf Moor this summer after six years at the club. What is also almost certain is that another Premier League side will pick him up for nothing with the 29-year-old known as one of the most sturdy defenders in the country. Manchester United tried signing Longstaff once upon a time but Newcastle slapped a whopping £35million price tag on his head. Well, they might regret not taking the money when they could have with the midfielder now on his way out for nothing. Stephens has spent his entire career at Southampton but that is seriously at risk now unless something drastic happens in the following months. The 28-year-old is one of several products to roll off the Saint production line, except this one has at least stuck around longer than some of the others. After arriving as an unknown entity back in 2017 when Brighton got promoted to the Premier League, the German playmaker has gone on to become a key player at the Amex Stadium. But after five years, the 30-year-old could return to his homeland, and it would be safe to say that the Seagulls got more than what they paid for when they shelled out just £3m for his services. Norwich might be bottom of the league but a more disastrous exit would be the departure of Pukki for nothing at the end of this campaign. The Finland international was an important factor behind their ability to bounce back from the Championship. Another Premier League club could do a lot worse than signing the 31-year-old for nothing this summer. Unless Sean Dyche gets a move on, there could be a new look defence at Burnley next season with club captain Mee also out of contract this summer. Losing the 32-year-old along with Tarkowski would be a disaster for the Clarets, who are fighting for their lives in the Premier League. After joining as a veteran, many had written off Moutinho when he signed for Wolves in 2018 but for a measly £5m, they have had the last laugh after years of fine service. Now aged 35, no one could begrudge the playmaker a return to his home country or retirement altogether after a brilliant career across Portugal, France and England. Mr West Ham might not be for very much longer but the years of service he has given that club will make him a legend forever. The Canning Town-born Cockney has made 543 appearances for his boyhood team and lived a dream but has played just five times in the Premier League and this might be his final few months at West Ham.