The Blacklist fans will suffer another blow after it was revealed viewers would be forced to wait a while for the anticipated episode 12. The delay will come as a surprise to audiences who recently discovered the NBC thriller series would return to its original Friday slot.  Last week, NBC finally announced the current instalment of The Blacklist would follow season eight and entail the full 22 episodes. However, it also revealed another major delay in season nine, which meant fans would have to wait two weeks for the next episode. This came as a surprise for many as the show's 10th episode had just returned to screens after a five week mid-season break due to the 2022 Winter Olympics. Only three weeks prior did the series have to undergo a delay for Christmas.  READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up However, the upcoming delay for 'The Chairman' episode is unexpected as the series shared it would return to its original Friday slot. After airing on a Thursday, fans were also glad to see the show take back its original time slot. Networks had originally labelled Friday as 'death slots' as their shows would encounter a major drop in viewership. However, in the most recent years, things have changed and Fridays have become highly sought after, which was evident in CBS' crime shows.  After witnessing the success, the CW attempted to appease showrunners by extending its show's running time, allowing them to keep going longer on Fridays. However, despite the bad break Friday slots had, it was never the case for The Blacklist as its viewership remained consistent. According to Fansided, the thrilling series was moved for Law and Order, which had originally planned to air each episode from its franchise sequentially. But this idea was soon quashed after Law and Order: For the Defence was unexpectedly cancelled.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust [INSIGHT] The Blacklist season 9: Red to face off with dead enemy's family clue? [THEORY]The Blacklist’s Amir Arison on character’s relationship with Red [INSIGHT] With the recent reprisal of the original series of Law and Order, the franchise wanted the Thursday slot so its shows could air back-to-back. The Blacklist's return to Friday would undeniably do good for the series as it could pick up the viewership it lost before moving. Friday is no longer the busiest day for television, which means it won't be up against a ton of competition as a majority of the biggest shows air on a Saturday. Thankfully for fans, when the show will return 'The Chairman' will be a thrilling episode as the task force will explore the dark web.  The synopsis for the upcoming episode reads: "The Task Force pursues their latest target, the Chairman, who operates a dark web stock market trading shares of criminal organisations. "Red takes extreme measures to locate a tracking device, which sends Ressler into a spiral. Cooper makes contact with his blackmailer." It appears as though the series is slowly but surely moving on from Liz Keen's (Megan Boone) death. Her jaw-dropping demise aired in the season eight finale and when the show premiered it returned with a time jump and so far it had been exploring how each member of the task force had grieved her loss. The Blacklist returns to NBC on Friday, March 18 in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 