Gold, silver and gemstone jewellery is pricey and should be looked after, but how many of us can actually say we clean our jewellery on a regular basis? You don’t need to spend a fortune on cleaning products, you can use a range of things you probably already have in your cupboard. Express.co.uk chatted to the jewellery experts at Ingle and Rhode to find out the seven household products you can use to clean your jewellery. Some people take their jewellery to a professional jeweller to clean, but you can restore your jewellery at home yourself. Whether you’ve got gold, silver or gemstones like diamonds, rubies, emeralds and sapphires, you can probably find something at home to polish your precious jewels with. However, always check with a jeweller before trying any makeshift hacks first, as some gems and jewellery can be damaged by chemicals. If you have any concerns, it's always safer to ask your jeweller to give your jewellery a professional clean and polish. Here are the seven surprising things you can use to buff your jewellery. READ MORE- Shaving foam trick to clean baths, showers, sinks and grout You can immerse a ring, earring or bracelet in a bowl of tomato ketchup for a few minutes, it will give your jewellery a new lease of life. Don’t leave silver in tomato sauce for a long time though, as this can cause damage. Make sure you rinse, dry and polish for a super shine. A favourite for a relaxing evening in front of the TV, beer can be a good excuse to help resurrect your gold rings. Put some beer onto a soft cloth and rub the ring, then allow to dry. However, you should only use this on gold and silver - not on gemstones. More commonly used for cooking, this is an excellent product to help make your jewellery shine. Create a paste of baking soda and water, and apply to silver with a sponge, before rubbing and buffing for a smooth finish. Only use this hack on silver and gold - not gemstones themselves. DON'T MISS...How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [INFORMER]Garden weeds: The ‘best’ way to deal this invasive weeds before spring [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘no scrubbing’ method to clean burnt saucepans [EXPLAINER] Foil promotes the chemical process called ion exchange. Line a bowl with foil, fill it with hot water and mix a tablespoon of bleach-free laundry detergent. Soak the jewellery for a minute and allow it to air dry. Denture tablets can be used for a whole range of cleaning tasks, including cleaning jewellery. They can help bring a diamond or sapphire back to life, just by placing it in a glass of water with a denture tablet for even just a few minutes. Finally, rinse the stone and buff it dry for the best results. Delicate shampoo, such as baby shampoo, can give pearls, opals and turquoise a new lease of life. Simply mix some shampoo with warm water and use a soft brush such as a make-up brush and polish each item in turn. Whatever you do, do not soak the jewellery though! Some gemstones can benefit from being treated in vodka. You can put a ring in vodka for just a few moments, clean it, dry it, and the results will sparkle!