The Chancellor Rishi Sunak announced in the spring statement last week that National Insurance contributions rates will still be increasing in April. However, to ease the burden on the most economically vulnerable, the threshold, at which one starts paying National Insurance, will be rising two months later.  A range of personal tax changes were announced in the spring statement last week, including a cut to income tax and alignment of the income tax and National Insurance thresholds. This alignment had been a goal for Government for a few years and is expected to save Britons £330 per year. The current primary threshold for National Insurance is £9,568, meaning Britons earning a yearly salary over this will pay National Insurance, the rate of which will be determined by their total income. In June this will rise to £12,570, saving those earning less than this from paying any National Insurance but leaving those above the thresholds being hit by a rise in rates.   April will see a 1.25 percent increase in National Insurance rates, taking millions to a rate of 13.25 percent. The timings of these changes will see those below the new threshold still paying the increased rate until June. The Institute for Fiscal Studies responded to the changes announced in the spring statement, highlighting that through the threshold workers earning between roughly £10,000 and £25,000 will see a tax cut. However, Britons earning more than £25,000 will have a larger tax burden.     Another change announced by Mr Sunak was the income tax cut, dropping the basic rate from 20 percent to 19 percent in April 2024. The IFS estimated that by 2025, when this cut comes into play, “virtually all workers will be paying more tax on their earnings”. This is said to be due to inflation’s effect on earnings, which will see them rise, in a period where threshold will freeze. Already this can be seen with the increase in the National Living Wage which will garner workers an additional £140.  Despite this though, this year could see Britons experiencing the sharpest drop in real earnings since the 1970s. The IFS concluded that an average middle earner on a £27,500 salary will be £360 worse off this year. Additionally, Britons on fixed income out of work, such as pensioners and those on benefits, may be facing a realistic cut of roughly five percent. This takes into account the 3.1 percent increase being implemented in April compared to the expected eight percent average inflation this year.  By the beginning of 2023, IFS research shows that this combined with the £20 cut to Universal Credit made at the end of last year will see claimants with 8.6 percent less than pre-pandemic earnings. It is also expected to be 17.1 percent less than Universal Credit payments made in the third quarter of 2021. Senior research economic at IFS, Tom Waters, commented: “When all is said and done, the reforms imply a greater level of tax for almost all workers - especially those on higher earnings. “In the nearer term, many households are likely to see real-terms declines in their incomes with both earnings and benefits failing to keep up with inflation.”