Netflix's historical drama Vikings Valhalla recently came to an end after premiering on the network in February. While fans await the second instalment, an interesting detail about Harald Sigurdsson's (played by Leo Suter) costume was unveiled.  Vikings Valhalla was the recent spin-off to come from History's hit series Vikings which aired its final season in 2021. The spin-off transported fans more than 100 years after the events in the original series and followed the lives of the characters' descendants. In the series, fans gained an insight into the 11th century, when tensions between the Vikings and the English rose to immeasurable heights. At first, both the Pagan Vikings and Christians lived harmoniously. However, things took a left turn after the St Brice's Day Massacre. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star? As a result, both religious groups went to war to rid the city of Kattegat of the other religion in an attempt to become the reigning faith. While a minority of characters were created for the show, Vikings Valhalla was based on several real people, some of whom they'd moved around in time. Although it was impossible for the characters from the spin-off and the original series to ever cross paths, the series found a way to pay tribute to a key character. Using the costume, the show revealed the wristband Harald wore throughout the season was the same one King Harald Finehair (Peter Franzin) sported in the original series.  This was a fitting tribute as Harald was King Harald's great-grandson, who was able to unite the Christians and the Pagan Vikings. In Vikings, King Harald was able to realise his dream of becoming a royal, but he wanted to gain the title of King of Norway. These characters were also the depiction of real-life historical figures, as Harald Sigurdsson lived from 1015 to 1066. He became King of Norway in 1046 and ruled the Scandinavian country until his death.  DON'T MISS...Peaky Blinders season 6: Tommy Shelby's tragic diagnosis incorrect? [THEORY]What happened to the real King Edmund? Valhalla twist explained [EXPLAINER]Vikings’ Alexander Ludwig thanks fans on new film shoot [INSIGHT] Thankfully, fans will soon get to see more of their favourite characters as three seasons with at least 24 episodes have been ordered before Vikings Valhalla even premiered on Netflix. During an interview with Digital Spy, the show's creator Jeb Stuart shared the news. He revealed: "I am just finishing the editing of the last episode of season two this week and I am dying to get it out there. "Season three [which will shoot this summer in Ireland] is very exciting and my Vikings get out of Scandinavia, so we have lots of great surprises and stories for season three."  Speaking more on the show's future he added: "My story carries on past [a third season] and I would love more time to tell the full story. "I would love more time to get to the fact that William the Conqueror puts an end to the Viking Age. "That story involves Harald Sigurdsson and that story involves a lot of our characters like Emma and Godwin, so I am hoping that audiences love Valhalla and this cast, who are a brilliant cast, and we get the chance to tell the whole story." Vikings Valhalla is available on Netflix 