 Currently, motorists taking their driving test need to be able to read out a vehicle registration on a parked vehicle at a distance of 20 metres for new-style number plates. Under changes, drivers would be required to do the eyesight check in different levels of light and use different methods, including reading from a tablet.  These changes are being proposed to ensure that driving instructors have flexibility when providing tests at different times of the day. This is one of a number of changes the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) is proposing to make the process of obtaining a licence more streamlined. As a result of the pandemic, fewer tests than usual have taken place because of restrictions over the past two years. It is hoped that if these proposals are supported by the public and implemented, it could lead to a reduction in the number of wasted driving test appointments. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered  Baroness Vere of Norbiton, Road Safety Minister, said the proposals put forward could “benefit a wider range of customers”. She added: “Safe driving is a lifetime skill and something that improves with experience. “But obtaining a broad range of skills, knowledge and understanding, and driving experience, during the initial learning to drive stage is vitally important. “It will help you to pass the driving test and keep you safe at the crucial point that you drive on your own for the first time. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [INSIGHT]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Drivers could save £40 per month on petrol and diesel - 'brake less' [WARNING]  “It will also set you on your way to a lifetime of safe driving.” Other proposals include replacing paper pass certificates with digital pass certificates to save the use of more than two million sheets of paper each year. This is part of the DVLA’s work to introduce a digital driving licence as the Government agency looks to become more sustainable. At the moment, people need to move or cancel their test at least three full working days before the appointment to avoid losing their fee.  The DVSA is proposing that people would need to move or cancel their car test at least 10 full working days before the appointment to avoid losing their fee. Discretion would be used by the DVSA on enforcement in instances of illness or bereavement. This change would only apply to car driving tests, as it could make up to 117,000 appointments available every year. Baroness Vere continued, saying: “The proposals in this consultation are designed to encourage and help learner drivers to do this.  “They will also further help to reduce the longer than usual waiting times for tests that have resulted from the suspension of testing during the coronavirus pandemic. “We also propose changes to the eyesight test and to introduce digital pass certificates. “These will allow the DVSA to test later in the day and from a wider range of locations.” The DVSA consultation will end tomorrow (March 8) at 11:59pm.