Sam Heughan sparked a fan-frenzy yesterday as he revealed he is set to release a new book. The 41-year-old actor promises to take readers on a journey as he looks back on his past experiences while undertaking a new adventure in his native Scotland. The Outlander star took to his Instagram to share the update with his 3.6 million followers. He uploaded a picture of a book cover featuring the title “Waypoints”, but a banner across the image pointed out that the “final cover” was yet to be revealed. The book will be released on October 25 and will describe Sam’s “attempt” to climb Ben Nevis. Sam wrote in the caption: “Ready to come on a journey with me?! READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star “So excited that my new biography ‘Waypoint’ is available for preorder NOW!” He went on: “Join me as I hike 100miles from my home to the base of the highest mountain in the UK, Ben Nevis and ‘attempt’ to climb it. “Along the journey I reflect on stories from my life, with personal insight plus my hopes, dreams and plans for the future. “I can’t wait to share this personal journey with you.x” Sam also added a link to pre-order his book, a feature that is now available in the UK, US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Fans of the Jamie Fraser actor were overjoyed to hear the good news and took to the comments section to congratulate the author. Lorna.hiscock said: “Preorder was completed 2 days ago. “Looking forward to reading another story of yours.” DON'T MISS...‘Just doesn't understand!' Lorraine Kelly makes ‘change’ with husband [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS] Gengargano added: “Ordered my copies already!!! “Can’t wait to read and sip on my Sassenach Tequila.” (sic) Deedee.andrews1 wrote: “I didn’t know what your new book was about. A biography yep I’ll read it.” The news comes after Sam confessed he was disappointed that an upcoming film project, in which he was set to star alongside Ewan McGregor, has been dropped. Appearing on the Zoe Ball Breakfast Show, Sam was asked whether he had started filming the movie Everest. Sam said: “Zoe… Just hit me where it hurts. Hit me right where it hurts! “You know, we were supposed to be shooting this fantastic movie about Everest. “Unfortunately, it’s not happening at the moment, but who knows? In the future it might, it’s just our schedules clashed…”