During the Emergency UN General Assembly, 141 countries of the 139 voted to condemn the war in Ukraine. Of the remaining 52, 35 countries chose to abstain, and five voted in support of Russia. Apart from Russia’s vote, the four countries that supported Putin were Syria, North Korea, Eritrea, and Belarus. Among the countries that abstained from the UN General Assembly vote were China, Iraq, Iran, India, and Pakistan. As a result of the vote, the UN now officially calls for Russia to “immediately, completely and unconditionally” stop the aggression, withdraw all of its military forces, and abide by the rules of the UN Charter. This comes after diplomats staged a mass walkout during Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov’s speech at the UN Human Rights Council meeting on Tuesday. Diplomats from the European Union, the United States and the United Kingdom turned their backs to Putin’s henchman as he blamed Ukraine for Russia’s invasion and spoke of a "Russo-phobic" frenzy. READ MORE:UN backs Boris over Putin atrocities - Russia actions ARE war crimesChina 'knew about Russian invasion' as Xi 'asked Putin to DELAY warWorld warned Putin won't stop invasion 'no matter outcome' Following the UN GA vote, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky wrote on Twitter: "I praise the approval by the #UN GA with an unprecedented majority of votes of the resolution with a strong demand to Russia to immediately stop the treacherous attack on Ukraine. "I’m grateful to everyone & every state that voted in favor. You have chosen the right side of history." He added: "Destructive results of the vote in for the aggressor convincingly show that a global anti-Putin coalition has been formed and is functioning. "The world is with us. The truth is on our side. Victory will be ours!" On Wednesday, China joined the world in condemning Russia, through its Foreign Minister Wang Yi, who called for a resolution through talks. Mr Yi stated that Beijing is paying “extreme attention to the harm suffered by civilians” and that it “deeply regrets” the conflict. Responding to Sergei Lavrov, UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said the walkout in Geneva showed the Kremlin is now isolated on the international stage. She said: “Russia should be ashamed to sit in the UN chamber.” DON'T MISS: THREE ways Russia can swerve Western sanctionsWalls close in on Putin as Royal Marines join NATO‘It will embolden the fight’ Russian diplomat lashes out at UN