Tammie Moore, 43, was a "thorn in their side" for years and "plainly took pleasure" in causing her family trouble. A court heard on Monday how Moore breached a two-year restraining order by repeatedly punching her husband and thumping her daughter during a heated row. The daughter branded her mother a "scary woman" who made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up, reports Hull Live. A judge at Hull Crown Court was told how Moore's son found her in his kitchen, smoking Spice, at 4.45pm after she went inside through an unlocked door on January 30. She returned the next day and "shouted abuse at him for 10 minutes" before visiting her daughter's home nearby. Amber Hobson, prosecuting, said Moore yelled: "You best f***ing let me in". She also visited her husband's home that day, and altogether breached the restraining order six times. In the final confrontation in central Hull, the mum approached all three relatives and assaulted her partner and daughter. Moore was jailed on Monday for 15 months and given a five-year restraining order after admitting three assault charges and six counts of breaching a restraining order. Sentencing her, Judge Mark Bury said: "You have breached that restraining order lock, stock and barrel because you have assaulted your daughter and your husband and you have been to premises you were not supposed to go and you have had contact with your son. You haven't learned your lessons yet. It has to be prison this time, first of all to protect your family from you, to give them a rest because you are just a thorn in their side, and to punish you." Moore's husband said in a statement: "This incident has me constantly worried for my safety. I am struggling with my anxiety and I am worried to leave my property. I have pets in my address and I worry she may harm them. Tammie has no right to assault me." Her daughter said: "She just leaves me hurt. I feel quite violated. I just know what is coming when she gets released from custody. When I hear her voice, the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. She is a scary woman. I just want her to leave me alone."  Moore had convictions for 58 previous convictions, including assault causing actual bodily harm, assault and harassment. She was in breach of an eight-week suspended prison sentence imposed by Hull magistrates on September 1, 2020. She had also been given a community order in June last year for harassment and breaching the suspended sentence. Michele Stuart-Lofthouse, defending, said Moore, of Hull, had been living a chaotic lifestyle for a long time but had been given chances in the past. "It will take time for her to be fully rehabilitated," said Miss Stuart-Lofthouse. After the hearing, Moore's husband, who was in court with his son and daughter, said: "We are happy with the outcome." They declined to comment further. 