Shower doors can often become cloudy and streaked if they’re not cleaned properly. Some products are effective in cleaning the watermarks and limescale but leave behind residue which can make the glass look worse. Now, fans of cleaning enthusiast Mrs Hinch have shared a “quick and easy” hack for cleaning glass shower screens. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning influencer who has over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Her fans have created their own social media groups dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and solutions to household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Jacqui Dixon asked Mrs Hinch fans: “Best thing to use for glass shower screens? Mine seem to have a cloudy look.” Jacqui’s post was flooded with responses but the most popular answer was to use car screen wash. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to descale your kettle - ‘so cheap and easy!’ Catherine Lowry said: “Car screen wash to clean… keep a rubber squeegee in the bathroom and wipe after every shower. Quick and easy.” Andrea Moran replied: “Car screen wash for definite, it’s amazing.” Fiona Booth said: “Car screen wash.” Jackie Ilic wrote: “Car screen wash.”  DON'T MISSCleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 6p hack to clean burnt oven door glass [INSIGHT]Inside Princess Michael of Kent's former £5.75million haunted house [UPDATE]DIY SOS star Mark Millar on the rooms that ‘automatically boost value’ [ANALYSIS] Wendy Clough said she “totally agreed”. She added: “Great on windows and mirrors too.” Morrison Screenwash Concentrate can be bought for £1.25 from Morrisons. Wilko 1L All Seasons Concentrated Screen Wash can be found for £1.50. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Halfords Essentials Ready Mixed Screenwash 5L is available for £2.49. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using white vinegar, lemon juice, Viakal, Flash and washing up liquid. Laura Archer said: “I use a fillable brush, half white vinegar and half washing up liquid, I then spray all over with Viakal and leave for five minutes. “Then, spray with my brush solution and give it a good going over with the brush, leave a few minutes then rinse with the shower.  “I normally do all this whilst I’m in the shower.” Nicola Jones wrote: “White vinegar and Fairy liquid mixed together in a spray bottle. “Spray and use a non-scratch sponge. “Leave for 15 minutes. Rinse and squeegee dry buff with e-cloth.” Carly Jellett commented: “Flash natural French soap spray did wonders on ours!”