Vladimir Putin has come under fierce criticism from Western leaders for his decision to invade Ukraine and inflict horrific suffering on the population. The US and her allies have responded to the Russian aggression by slapping a stringent packet of sanctions on Moscow. The measures have had a devastating effect on the Russian economy, leading to job losses and factory closures. At the same time the national currency has suffered a steep decline in value and food prices have shot through the roof. Russians are now struggling to get hold of basic food items such as sugar, as sanctions begin to bite. However, a majority of Russians stand full square behind their leader and would support a widening of the war - most notably future attacks on European members of NATO. A staggering 86.6 percent of those polled were in favour of potential future attacks on countries such as Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, as well as the Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary. All of these nation states were once part of the Warsaw Pact and belonged firmly to the Soviet sphere of influence after World War 2. With the collapse of the Soviet Union, they applied to and became members of NATO after 1997. One of Vladimir Putin's key demands prior to his war in Ukraine, was that NATO should withdraw its forces from Eastern Europe. Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey Rybakov, told reporters in December last year: "Our position is that we need to remove all this and return to the positions of 1997. Enough is enough." 46 percent of the poll respondents were convinced that the Kremlin should attack the EU, and 40.6 percent considered it acceptable to expand hostilities. More worryingly for Western leaders, 75 percent of the Russians surveyed were in favour of using nuclear weapons against the West, to one degree or another. Just over 40 percent said a nuclear strike was acceptable, while another 34 percent showed qualified support. READ MORE: Cher demands 'people step up' as she offers her home to refugees The survey was conducted by the company Active Group and was carried out between March 11-14. A total of 1,557 respondents were contacted by telephone. Poland has warned its NATO allies for years that Russia intended to redress the balance of power in its favour. However, the country's leaders have often been dismissed as alarmist. On Monday, the Polish Prime Minister, Mateusz Morawieck, said Ukrainian soldiers were fighting not only for their freedom, but also for that of their Eastern European neighbours. DON'T MISS Putin hit with betrayal as Belarusian troops turn on Russian war [NEWS]Boris savages Sturgeon over Scottish independence plot [REVEAL]EU diplomat: Brexit Britain 'made the difference' in Ukraine's war [SPOTLIGHT] He also described Putin's attack on Ukraine as a calculated part of his geopolitical plan. The Polish prime minister was part of a small group of EU leaders who visited the Ukraine President in Kyiv last week. He was accompanied by his deputy Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the Czech and Slovenian leaders. Later, Mr Morawieck wrote on his Twitter account: “It is here, in war-torn Kyiv, that history is being made. "It is here, that freedom fights against the world of tyranny. It is here that the future of us all hangs in the balance."