Experts at MoneySuperMarket warn drivers “don't actually own the car” while paying back finance instalments. This means manufacturers or dealers are still in control of the vehicle even if you are the driver. Firms can therefore “place restrictions” on a car while they are the owner including not covering basic modifications. They warn in some cases, firms can “take the car and sell it”, cancelling finance agreements in seconds. Jo Thornhill, spokesperson at MoneySuperMarket said car modifications can “affect its value” if policies are not cancelled. In some cases, this could improve your safety and lower costs, but the provider “may think differently” and could hike prices. READ MORE: Car finance policies could be terminated 'without penalty' She said: “You need to let your finance provider know of any changes to the car, no matter how small. “That’s because you don’t actually own the car while paying your finance instalments on PCP or HP. “As long as you are within your contract, the car belongs to the finance company and is their security for the loan.” “Therefore, the finance company can place restrictions on the car while they are the owner. DON'T MISSCar finance firms can ‘repossess vehicles’ within weeks [INSIGHT]Car leasing deals are ‘almost always cheaper’  [COMMENT]Motorists can get a brand new car under pay as you go deal [PICS] “If they need to recoup their losses due to you not being able to make repayments, they can take the car and sell it. “But modifications to a car can affect its value; they can either improve it or lower it. In your eyes, you might have improved it, but the finance company may think differently.” MoneySupermarket recommend sticking to your finance contract at all times. Drivers should return the car in its original condition before the end of the agreement to reduce the risk of being caught out. Motorists who are desperate to update their car should update their finance provider in advance. This will ensure drivers get the opinions of the company band are likely to avoid any unexpected charges later down the line. According to MoneySuperMarket, alloy wheels were the most popular upgrade. The simple fix made up 14 percent of total enquiries for car changes.