Harry Maguire's former Hull City team-mate Ahmed Elmohamady has urged Manchester United to strip him of the captaincy. Maguire has come under mass scrutiny for his performances this season, but Elmohamady's damning criticism will particularly cut deep given their past alliance. The England international has looked short of confidence this term, showcasing below-par performances under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Cristiano Ronaldo's return has left many questioning many United should keep Maguire as their captain, which won't have helped his shaky displays. But dressing room politics aside, he has underwhelmed throughout the 2021/22 campaign, and his high-profile errors have garnered criticism aplenty. And Elmohamady, with Maguire at Hull from 2014 to 2017, is the latest to pour doubt over his capabilities. JUST IN: Sky Sports suffer fiasco as Arsenal vs Leicester commentary cuts off He believes the 28-year-old doesn't have what it takes to lead a club of United's stature. Elmohamady told beIN SPORTS: "Harry was with me in Hull City, and, in my opinion, he doesn't have the level to be the Manchester United captain. "United need a player with a strong personality, and I hope that the next manager will give the captaincy to Ronaldo if he stays. "Maguire performed really well with Leicester, a team that competes to be top six of the Premier League. READ MORE: Eddie Howe slams VAR after Chelsea defeat, makes relegation prediction "Maybe this is his level. He doesn't have the level to play for the biggest team in the history of England." United's number five produced his latest blunder in Saturday's 3-2 win against Tottenham Hotspur in the Premier League. After Sergio Reguilon was set free down the left side of the hosts' box at Old Trafford, Maguire failed to get across quick enough to prevent his cross. And instead of intercepting his ball across goal, the Red Devils' skipper directed it past David de Gea as Spurs drew level for a second time. There have been calls for United to pass the armband on to Ronaldo to ease the pressure on Maguire amid growing criticism over his prolonged run of forgettable form. But he's unlikely to surrender his status, especially midway through the season, and supporters will hope to see an emergence of consistency. Atletico Madrid visit Old Trafford on Tuesday in Maguire and United's latest test, with their Champions League hopes hanging in the balance. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.