Earlier this year, the Queen marked the eve of her Accession Day by unexpectedly announcing her wish for Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall to be Queen Consort in the future. There have been many famous Queen Consorts throughout British royal history, including Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. But there is no established precedent in the British monarchy for a King Consort, which meant Prince Philip was never a King during his lifetime. After years of speculation over Camilla's planned Princess Consort title, the Queen finally put an end to the rumours by confirming the Queen Consort title for Camilla once and for all. The Queen said before the start of her Platinum Jubilee year: "I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support. I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. "And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service." Despite being a dedicated public servant, as well as the Queen's supportive husband for 73 years, Prince Philip was never entitled to be known as King Consort. READ MORE: Queen’s brutal swipe after Putin left her waiting at Palace visit  Although the wives of kings are permitted to be Queen Consort, the husbands of queens are not known as King Consort in Britain. Only a male who inherits the throne can rule as King, although consorts to queens have often held much power historically, as was the case with Queen Victoria's husband, Prince Albert. Prince Philip didn't use the Prince Consort title given to Victoria's husband in the 19th Century.  Instead, Philip was made the Duke of Edinburgh by the Queen's father King George VI before his marriage to then-Princess in 1947. And in 1957, the Queen created Philip a Prince of the United Kingdom, although he was best known by his Duke of Edinburgh title throughout his life. Philip had actually been born a Prince of Greece and Denmark, but he renounced his own titles to marry the future British Queen. Although Philip was known to be a great support to the Queen for more than seven decades, his lack of influence in the Royal Family is thought to have caused some conflict during the Queen's early reign.  DON'T MISS:Prince Charles warned to avoid ‘controversies’ in coronation [INSIGHT]Why Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall was never a Princess [EXPLAINER]Highgrove House: Inside Camilla and Charles' royal residence [PICTURES] The name of the Royal House has been Windsor since the reign of King George V, and the Queen chose to keep this for her reign too. But Prince Philip wanted his surname, Mountbatten, to be given to his children. Philip is widely reported to have said: "I am the only man in the country not allowed to give his name to his children! "I'm nothing but a bloody amoeba!" The matter was somewhat settled in 1960 when it was decreed the name Mountbatten-Windsor could be used as a personal surname by the Queen and Philip's descendants. 