BBC broadcaster and Mastermind host Clive Myrie has been reporting on the front-line in Ukraine over the past few weeks, delivering live coverage as events unfolded. Throughout the duration of his time in Ukriane, Mr Myrie resided in what he described as a “make-shift bomb shelter” in a basement car park in the heart of Kyiv. Mr Myrie has been hailed a hero by many across the UK for his incredible coverage, while Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Nadine Dories fought back tears thanking journalists risking their lives in Ukraine in an emotional tribute in the House of Commons last week. She said: “I’d just like to offer my heartfelt thanks and admiration to all of those journalists working for the BBC, the ITV and other news outlets who are risking their lives to bring us unbiased and accurate news from a live warzone.” Labour former minister Chris Bryant echoed Ms Dorries’ emotional statement, calling out: “Clive Myrie and people like that, who are doing an absolutely fabulous job”.  READ MORE: Putin's plan unmasked: Russia's four key targets for Ukraine invasion  As conditions intensified, Mr Myrie had to leave Ukraine’s capital, thanking BBC viewers for well wishes and concerns on his way - but he vows to return. Mr Myrie, who was joined by the BBC’s chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet, is now back in London after travelling through Moldova and Romania to leave Ukraine. Updating viewers on his travels, Mr Myrie tweeted a picture of a long line of traffic with the caption: “It was a long day of driving and queuing to get out of Kyiv. “Imagine having to leave all you know in a hurry because you’re being shelled! What do you pack? Do pets come too?  “It’s freezing cold and you pray those in neighbouring countries will welcome you, not despise you. He added: "My thoughts are with the one million who’ve fled Ukraine because they might be killed. “The millions who fled Syria and many other millions escaping repression, poverty, war. They all pray they’ll be welcomed in other countries as human beings. That’s all they ask." In an article for the BBC he wrote from the safety of a hotel room in Romania shortly after his departure, Mr Myrie recounted how the city, awash with “rumour and dread” were dealing with the crisis first hand.  DON'T MISS: Russian convoy movement near Kyiv is actually in 'tactical retreat' [INSIGHT]Priti alters UK visa rules for Ukrainian refugees [EXPLAINED]'Fight to the death' Russian tanks hit in battle for Kyiv [ANALYSIS]      He said: “You could see the nervousness on the faces of the soldiers and partisans manning checkpoints, despite the black balaclavas shielding them from the cold. “Their eyes told stories of apprehension, concern, worry and existential threat.” Since leaving Kyiv, Mr Myrie thanked viewers for the support over his weeks of reporting on the crisis. He tweeted: “A quick thank you for all your good wishes over the last 2 weeks, you’ve all been very kind to me and the BBC teams in Ukraine. I’m now heading back to London, but will return.”  Mr Myrie has recently responded to questions from viewers regarding his suitability to report on the front line due to being a ‘gameshow host’. Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today host Nick Robinson, Mr Myrie defended his position, reiterating how he has been a journalist for more than 30 years - long before taking on the Mastermind host role. He said: “'I’ve been a journalist for 30 years. I'm actually a journalist, not a presenter. "I know that there have been complaints from some people saying why has a presenter gone out to report on the war. I am a reporter as well." He added: "My job is not to sit behind a desk reading a damn autocue. It's to get out there and tell stories and I do it all the time." 