Harry and William unknowingly broke with royal tradition when they were enrolled in the same schools, according to royal author Duncan Larcombe. The Firm's customs normally see royal children attending different schools and institutes so that they can have different experiences and make their own friends, the expert said. However, by sending both Prince William and Prince Harry to Wetherby Preparatory School, Ludgrove School and Eton College, Prince Charles and Princess Diana diverged from the decisions made by the Queen and Prince Philip with their own four children. Speaking with OK! online, Mr Larcombe said: "William and Harry broke the mould by going to the same school, but if you look at The Queen's children, they were all schooled separately. "And, of course, William and Harry wouldn't have gone to the same school if one of them was a girl." He then explained royals "don't pile all of their children into the same school". Mr Larcombe added: "You want your children to have different experiences as they grow up because, collectively, as the royals, they will experience different types of people. "It's as much about the people they meet growing up who will be their friends for life." Much as it happened to William and Harry at Eton, the Cambridges' children will likely meet some of their most important friends within the next few school years, Mr Larcombe also said. Unlike the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge completed his education by going to university. READ MORE: 'Glory to Ukraine!' Prince Charles accepts 'Stop Putin' sign from ador In the early 2000s, William famously started St Andrews University, where he met Kate. Before their romance blossomed, the couple initially bonded as friends and even moved into a shared apartment together with other students. Prince William and Kate have followed in Charles and Diana's footsteps as they chose to send both Prince George and Princess Charlotte to Thomas's Battersea school in London. Moreover, Prince Louis is currently attending the same nursery, Willcocks, his sister started in January 2017, when she was two.  Willcocks Nursery is a brief walk away from Kensington Palace, where the Duke and Duchess live when they are in London. On the other hand, Prince George - who started his education in January 2016 - attended the Westacre Montessori School Nursery. This is because, at the time, the family was based in Norfolk due to Prince William's work as helicopter pilot at the East Anglia Air Ambulance service. While Charlotte and George are currently at the same school, it has been reported William and Kate are eyeing up alternatives for the third-in-line to the throne. The Daily Mail reported the Cambridges are particularly impressed with prep school Lambrook, near Ascot, and may enrol their firstborn there as early as next September. The couple is also believed to have looked at Ludgrove, which William and Harry attended when aged between eight and 13. Finally, Kate and William were reportedly spotted at St Andrew's School in Pangbourne, which the Duchess attended as a pupil from 1986 until 1995. These reports come amid rumours Kate and William would like to relocate to Berkshire in the future. A similar move would bring the Cambridges closer to both the Queen, who since the beginning of the pandemic has made Windsor Castle her main residence, and Kate's parents, who live in Bucklebury.