Chelsea are putting their ownership woes to one side as they reportedly plot a 'blockbuster' summer move for Manchester City star Riyad Mahrez. The Blues were rocked to the core last week after owner Roman Abramovich confirmed his intentions to sell the club in the wake of the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. And while a number of prominent names have been linked with a mega-money takeover, the long-term future of the club remains unclear. However, that hasn't stopped the Blues from tentatively sketching out their summer transfer plans in a bid to mount a sustained title challenge next term. And according to Foot Mercato, Chelsea have set their sights on raiding the reigning champions for Mahrez. JUST IN: Everton boss Frank Lampard may bin four players after Tottenham ramp up relegation danger The Algerian winger is Manchester City's top scorer this term, with his double in Sunday's emphatic 4-1 derby triumph over Manchester United taking his tally for the season to 21 goals. However, with Pep Guardiola's unpredictable rotation policy, Mahrez is not a guaranteed starter, and his current deal at the Etihad has less than 18 months to run. But while the Blues are preparing to launch an ambitious summer swoop in a bid to entice Mahrez into spearheading their title charge next year, they're set to face stiff competition from Paris Saint-Germain for the 31-year-old's signature. The French giants are in the market for a long-term replacement for Angel Di Maria, who is out of contract in the summer. DON'T MISSJohn Terry mocks Frank Lampard's Everton with brutal comment on Tottenham displayManchester United warned of shameful Ralf Rangnick repeat if they hire Erik ten HagBarcelona draw up three-man priority shortlist that would complete ridiculous XI And the prospect of luring Mahrez to Paris is one that they could pursue at the right price, with the report claiming that City could demand up to £35million for the ex-Leicester man. Mahrez has played an integral role during a sustained period of success for City since they forked out £60m to acquire his services from the Foxes back in 2018. The City man is a three-time Premier League winner after his iconic success with Leicester back in 2016 and has also lifted the Carabao Cup and the FA Cup since his big-money move. It remains to be seen if City would be open to cashing in on a player who has developed a welcome habit for popping up with big goals during his four-year stay in Manchester. Follow our new Daily Express Sport Instagram page herehttps://www.instagram.com/dexpress_sport/ And Guardiola clearly recognises the winger's importance after lauding Mahrez's natural ability after Sunday's derby day success. "You are mistaken with what you said about improving players," Guardiola told 5Live when it was put to him that he was responsible for Mahrez's evolution over the past few years. "Riyad was the best player when they won the league at Leicester. "The quality belongs to them. I just try as a manager to make them feel together and the movements they do together can increase their abilities. "The ability comes from his mum and dad, so I cannot help them. The goals belong to them - I cannot do anything."