Leaving the announcement unconventionally late, due to what Mr Macron described as more pressing affairs, many suggested the incumbent was testing the waters prior to throwing his name in the hat. Yet with his candidature now official, his main political rivals have jumped at the opportunity to remind the French electorate just who they may be putting their trust in for another five years if he wins.  Opening the attack on Mr Macron, President of Generation Frexit Charles Gallois said: “The worse is yet to come if Macron is re-elected.” The anti-EU candidate went on to criticise Mr Macron's letter of intent by saying: “He talks about Europe three times. “An obsession and a pipe dream. “The propaganda readily confuses Europe with the EU. “We love Europe, but we don't want the supranational EU!”  Senator Alain Houpert also took a swipe at the President. He said: “Macron’s letter of candidacy is a reflection of his relationship with the French: inconsistent, sloppy, contradictory and misleading. “As an excuse, his PR puts forward international crises omitting to mention those he caused. “The truth is elsewhere: this mandate is a failure. “The French people who have been suffering for the past 5 years deserve better than a formality letter. “The contempt for the past 5 years, the verbal and political violence must be critically examined, all the more so in an anxious and unstable climate.”  READ MORE:Macron issues grim warning moments after Putin phone call With Mr Macron suggesting he delayed his announcement to deal with the ongoing crisis in Ukraine by attempting to broker talks between Russian President Vladimir Putin, NATO, the EU and the US, Mr Houpert claimed the people of France should see through the charade. He ended his damming report of Mr Macron by saying: “Candidate Macron advocates the fight against inequality after legitimising discrimination. “The war in Ukraine should not make us forget 5 years of suffering and contempt.” Another Senator kept his thoughts on Mr Macron’s announcement short and sweet. Bruno Retailleau said: “Macron, the candidate, promises tomorrow what the president did not do yesterday.”  DON'T MISS:EU mocked over reversing Brexit threat as Truss heads to Brussel [REPORT]British military vehicles in Estonia storm to Russia border [REVEAL]Putin taunts as Russian Aeroflot lands in Budapest [INSIGHT] Marine Le Pen, who is thought to pose the main threat to Mr Macron took the opportunity to remind voters in France of the past 5 years under the President and did not hold back on jogging the memories of the suffering Mr Macron caused so many. She said: “Macron is responsible for all the crises that have occurred during his term. “The Yellow Vests crisis, the pensions crisis, the collapse of the public hospital.“He is responsible for the anguish, the loss of freedoms suffered by the French.” Ms Le Pen added: “I will do everything I can to make sure the next five years are without him and with me.” Both Ms Len Pen and far-right candidate Eric Zemmour recently secured enough sponsors to run in the election, with many suggesting by both running will split the right-wing vote to Mr Macron’s advantage.  Ending the barrage of criticism on Mr Macron, the Mayor of Paris, Anne Hildago, who is also seeking to run as a Socialist candidate said: “The announcement by the outgoing President is no surprise. “President Macron has been serving candidate Macron for months. “The democratic debate I am calling for, project against project, will finally take place. “Let the real presidential debate finally begin. “The French people expect and deserve it!” Current polls conducted by IFOP show Mr Macron enjoys a commanding lead in opinion for the first round of elections. The incumbent stands at 29 percent, followed by Ms Le Pen on 17 percent. Centre-right candidate Valerie Pecresse is running third on 14 percent, followed by Mr Zemmour who has slipped down to fourth place on 12 percent. The closest left-wing candidate is Jean Luc Melenchon who has 11.5 percent of the vote. Since the Presidency of Francois Hollande, the left-wing political spectrum has split significantly enough for many to believe they do not pose a challenge for years to come.  Additional reporting by Maria Ortega