Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince William face protests with Jamaican campaigners who have accused the Queen and her predecessors of perpetuating slavery and are asking for an apology for their past actions. Journalists Nicola Thorp and Matthew Wright both gave their opinions on the Royals' actions, with Nicola slamming the "offensive" actions of "wheeling out" Kate and William to make a positive PR impact. Viewers of the show were unhappy with the debate as many slammed their views as unbalanced. Joining This Morning hosts Phillip Schofield and Alison Hammond on Tuesday Morning, they began to discuss the Caribbean tour Kate and William are currently doing. Phillip began: "Jamaicans have demanded an apology, senior Jamaican officials demanding slavery reparations ahead of the upcoming two-day visit by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. "With growing security over the British empire's colonial ties, this is a letter signed by 100 Jamaican leaders." Nicola explained: "Yeah, I think this is incredible, there is an estimated £7 billion in reparations owed to Jamaica and what they have asked for is an apology. READ MORE: Coronation Street icon Sally Metcalfe accidentally kills husband Tim? "An apology is free, and they have not had it yet, they want an admission of guilt for the historical ties between the British Empire and Jamaica. "I think it is wonderful, there is quite a desperate attempt at the moment with Kate and Wills doing this Caribbean tour to drum up this positive PR for the Royal Family over there. "Honestly, I think it is too little too late, I think people have woken up and are finally being listened to in their demands for reparations." Matthew jumped into the conversation and said: "I think people have woken up, some will say, 'Well if we do this to Jamaica where does it end?' "There is a Tory MP, Richard Drax and his family were enslavers back in the day, he still owns a plantation in Barbados that his family have had since 1650. "His family have made hundreds of millions of pounds off the back of slavery, and people are wondering is it fair that he sits in a castle in the UK with a huge spread in Barbados that has come from the profits of slavery down the line while many people in countries like Jamaica are broadly dirt poor. "I don't think it is fair how we address that, I don't know, but reparations and an apology is the start," he concluded. Alison added: "I think it is more the institution and the fact that there has been no apology, no money made, and that is all people want." DON'T MISS...Prince William channels Queen with Belize speech on freedom [INSIGHT]Queen at risk of removal as Jamaica planning to turn into republic [LATEST]POLL: Do you think Kate and William will announce baby number 4 soon? [VOTE] Nicola agreed and continued: "I think it is actually offensive to wheel out Kate and Wills like this is an, 'Oh, here is Kate and William to make it calm down now', yeah it is offensive." Viewers of the show had very mixed views when it came to the discussion and the Royal Family, taking to Twitter to air their opinions. @MCIJ13 said: "The idea of the commonwealth is to be cohesive, not divisive. Surely we need to pursue that rather than division, division, division. #thismorning." @Eastleedslass commented: "Two left-leaning people. No balance in these debates? #thismorning." @RobSpontaneous added: "Christ, she really is full of hate and bile #thismorning." Liam T fumed: "Thorp and Wright, what a double team....the sanctimony is strong #thismorning." However, not all viewers had negative views about the conversation, with Leanne Thomas tweeting: "It ends when the U.K. apologises for its part it played in colonialism. "The U.K. wanted to invade the countries that it did, so this country has to accept the good and bad of that decision #ThisMorning." @Jozzzaphen also added: "Come through @nicolathorp_ yes #Jamacianeedsanapology #willandkate tour won’t do #ThisMorning." (sic) This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV.