One Express.co.uk reader warned the move was to ensure “bigger profits” and add extra taxes on businesses. Others warned the changes means it “won’t be worth working” as overall costs will “skyrocket”. The changes will see the Government end the use of rebated red diesel from April 1. This means it will now be illegal to put red diesel into vehicle and machinery fuel tanks except for some limited circumstances. Rebated red diesel is essentially the same as normal fuel but is dyed to indicate it can only be used off-road. This fuel is taxed at the lower rate of just 11p per litre compared to the usual 57.95p for normal diesel. READ MORE: Fuel prices almost £2.20 per litre at London forecourt  Civil Engineering Contractors Association (CECA) has previously warned the ban could cost some small businesses up to £600,000 per year. They said almost half of businesses had raised fears over their ability to continue trading altogether. Express reader ‘Volvster’ said: ”It's just another ploy by the Government to phase out fossil-fuelled vehicles so they can be replaced by EVs. “Boy do I hate the Green revolution and Boris's Green ego trip.” DON'T MISSPetrol and diesel prices soar past 150p as drivers warned of increases [INSIGHT]Drivers 'refuse' to use new E10 petrol - 'It's like it's watery' [COMMENT]Petrol and diesel prices may rise to £1.80 in weeks  [ANALYSIS] Reader ‘SASHA’ added: “Every way you turn someone has there hand in your pocket! “They just want BIGGER PROFITS!” ‘Andyc’ added: “More costs passed to the customers again he’s going to get wiped out in the north of England. ‘Sharpasatack’ said: “Cash grabs all round under the guise of saving the planet. ‘Rhodo’ added: “Ah! So the cost of housing, roads, farm food and everything else will skyrocket now as costs will be passed to consumers yet again. Thanks Tories.” Another Express reader said: “Nice money grab. “A lot of heavy machines can use 200 litres a day. Definitely a price increase coming. "No way companies can swallow these increases.” 'Trevonne' added: “Sick to death of the ordinary man and woman in the street being [used] as a cash machine. “These Hierarchy individuals dish all this BS out to see that the workers tow the line when Parliament is run like a free for all ..corrupt..money grabbing you scratch my back who can't keep their house in order. “And yet have the audacity to serve themselves and not the British People and dip their fingers in the public purse and get away with it. “Johnson seems to enjoy it. Please God we get a decent party that actual serves us. “Can't stand much more of Govts taking us for suckers.”