The Kremlin Museums were due to open an exhibition on duelling this month to which The Royal Collected had offered to loan three swords for the exhibit. The 17th century weapons were to be used in The Duel: from Trial by Combat to a Noble Crime exhibition in Moscow. One of the swords is said to have belonged to King Charles I.  The display was sponsored by Alisher Usmanov, a Russian oligarch who has been sanctioned by the UK due to his connections to President Putin. The Guardian disclosed that the Queen’s collection was one of many European organisations who were due to contribute to the exhibit but also withdrew their participation. The Royal Collection withdrew permission to use the swords in mid-February when Russia was escalating tensions on the Ukrainian border prior to the invasion. The Queen’s Collection stated: “A decision to postpone a loan of three swords from the Royal Collection to the Kremlin Museums in Moscow was made in mid-February.”   Henry VIII armour that can be seen on display in the Tower of London, was also requested by the Kremlin Museums but was refused due to the geopolitical landscape and logistical issues. The Royal Armouries said: “We made the decision not to lend this item as it is required to travel with Royal Armouries’ staff accompaniment, which was not possible in the circumstance.” After the UK and its European counterparts withdrew their contributions to the museum, an announcement was made by the Kremlin Museums: “The core of the project consists of exhibits from European museums, which were forced to withdraw them before the time due to the geopolitical situation.” READ MORE:Putin on alert as Royal Navy warship joins NATO fleet As well as the Queen being a key contributor to the exhibition, the Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds was also named as a key lender, and they too released a statement rescinding their offers. It read: “Due to the escalation of the situation in Ukraine, the Royal Armouries recalled the loan items. “This mirrors the process that other major European collections have gone through regarding the items from their collections that are also on loan as part of this exhibition.” The statement added: “The Moscow Kremlin Museums have acted professionally and collaboratively throughout, and the items have left Russia and are en route through Europe.” DON'T MISS:UK to avoid Putin's EU energy wrath as huge new gas field found (INSIGHT)Prince Harry has ‘unique’ relationship with Queen (REVEAL)Calls for state pension age increase to be scrapped – POLL (POLL)  Jane Duncan, an expert in the power of cultural boycotts from the University of Johannesburg noted that these boycotts can be “highly effective, because they can have a huge psychological impact. “Russia over a number of centuries now has prided itself on its intellectual, artistic and sporting achievements. “It’s become part and parcel of its identity and its projection of soft power globally.” Other cultural boycotts of Russia include the firing of operatic Soprano Anna Netrebko, distinguished conductor Valery Gergiev, and Formula One driver Nikita Mazepin. 