Piers Morgan sensationally quit Good Morning Britain last year after a row over comments he had made about Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex. Shortly after, it was announced that he would be moving on to another big TV venture with News UK Broadcasting but the details have remained sparse up until now. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows so far about Piers Morgan's Uncensored.  Broadcaster Piers Morgan has been interviewing some of the biggest stars around for the past 30 years. Some of these have included the likes of Professor Stephen Hawking, Oprah Winfrey, Nelson Mandela, Beyoncé and President Donald Trump. He has also been the frontman for ITV's Piers Morgan's Life Stories, delving into various celebrities' lives since 2009 which he quit in October 2021. Morgan also hasn't been without controversy himself over the years, causing a love-hate reaction from viewers. The 56-year-old will soon be returning to the small screen but this time, on a much larger scale. According to News UK Broadcasting, Piers Morgan: Uncensored will be a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views." Morgan's show will be an hour-long daily show which will air weeknights on new channel TalkTV in the UK. The channel is set to launch in early 2022 with everyone in the UK being able to access. Globally, Uncensored is going to be available to stream on FOX Nation in America and via Sky News Australia Down Under. More to follow...   As of yet, there is no official start date for Piers Morgan: Uncensored on TalkTV. However, it has been revealed it will launch later this spring so there won't be too long to wait. Following the announcement, Morgan spoke out on how he is "delighted" to be starring in this new daily show. He also jibed at Good Morning Britain which he quit last year after storming off the set when he got into a row with presenter Alex Beresford. DON'T MISS...Below Deck boss teases 'dangerous' spin-off in Norway [UPDATE]Piers Morgan blasts GMB bosses as he unveils first-look at new role [REACTION]Piers Morgan marks GMB milestone after dramatic ITV exit [EXIT]  Piers said: “A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job I loved, at the peak of its success, for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion. "This shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people.” Executive editor of TV at News UK, Winnie Dunbar Nelson said: “Piers Morgan is a fearless journalist and broadcaster with an unmatched ability to engage audiences internationally. "With Piers Morgan Uncensored, we’ll be doing something genuinely new - a daily show created for a global audience.” TalkTV will include a mix of "news bulletins, sports and entertainment shows, as well as current affairs, debate, opinion and documentaries". There will also be a new "straight and balanced news show" hosted by award-winning journalist Tom Newton Dunn. Piers Morgan: Uncensored will air later this spring on TalkTV.  