Harry and his wife Meghan Markle left the Royal Family and moved to the US two years ago. Their permanent exit was later confirmed and the pair were stripped of all honorary titles and patronages. In a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, Meghan said the Firm was playing an active role in “perpetuating falsehoods” about the couple. Harry also commented on Prince William and Prince Charles’ positions in the monarchy. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Royal experts have claimed their exit, and subsequent blasting of the monarchy, created tensions within a previously close brotherly bond. In Channel 5's recent documentary 'Harry and Meghan Vs The Monarchy', Dylan Howard, author of Royals At War, said: "William, as a staunch advocate for everything the Royal Family means, is obviously going to be dragged into this.” He added: “It’s almost like Prince Harry is driving a wedge with a sledgehammer through his relationship with Prince William.” JUST IN: Prince Harry relieved as Duke of Sussex's 'second dad' returns home after cancer scare The Duke of Sussex has returned to the UK twice since he stepped down as a senior royal. The first was in April 2021 to attend his grandfather Prince Philip’s funeral. This was the first time the two brothers had seen each other since the Sussexes’ shock exit. Ingrid Seward, a royal biographer, told the documentary: “The funeral was very, very limited in numbers. He [Harry] came on his own, he isolated at Frogmore Cottage, and then he attended the funeral and went home. “So it was all very, very quick.” Ms Seward added: “William and Harry were barely talking at the time.” Harry returned for the second time in July 2021. He and William unveiled a statue of Diana, Princess of Wales to pay tribute to the life of their mother. Many hoped this would be the start of thawing tensions, however, it did not mark the new beginning for the brothers’ relationship. Harry flew back to the US shortly after the unveiling. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle's 4-word reply to stunned Prince Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [LATEST]Queen savagely mocked over dress in throwback picture: 'Like a Cadbury wrapper!' [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU think Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have more children? [ANALYSIS] The Duke of Sussex's upcoming memoir could further sour his relationship with his brother and indeed, the rest of the Royal Family. Royal insiders said the book's announcement caused a "tsunami of fear" among courtiers and family members. It is unknown whether the book will be released before or after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Many fear it will overshadow such an important milestone for the monarch. Robert Jobson, a royal commentator, hopes that the brothers can get their relationship back on track. He told the documentary: “Harry, William, they’ve reached a bad place in their relationship and one can only hope that they build bridges going forward because the only losers in all this will be them.” Prince Philip’s Memorial Service later this month will provide an opportunity for Harry and William to reconcile. Members of the Royal Family are expected to come together on March 29 at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh. While it remains unclear whether Harry will return to the UK, due to his claim against the Home Office regarding police protection, one royal expert has suggested that exceptions may be made for such an important event. The Daily Mirror’s royal editor, Russell Myers, told the Pod Save The Queen podcast: “I think if it was something like the Duke of Edinburgh’s Thanksgiving Service, that probably does change it somewhat because, as the Home Office has said, he would be offered special protected persons category and they would give him the appropriate support and protection.” Ian Vogler, the publication’s royal photographer, added: “He’s got to come for that [Prince Philip’s Memorial Service] surely. “I think people looking to spot Harry, I think there’s going to be some sightings.” “I’m sure he’ll come for the memorial event.”