Alex Jones, 45, enjoyed a fun night out with Rylan Clark, 33, after they wrapped up filming The One Show on Friday night. The presenters seemed to get a taxi straight from the BBC studios in London and headed to a club where Rylan detailed the night on his Instagram story. Sharing clips to his 1.5m followers, Alex pole danced to Like That by Doja Cat and Rylan joked that she was “such a natural” in the caption. Still wearing their clothes from the show, it didn’t take long for the pair to break into laughter at Alex’s pole dancing attempt. In a separate post, they danced to Scandalous by Mis-Teeq and looked like they were having a whale of a time. Rylan also shared a photo of the hosts hugging as they posed for the camera. READ MORE:JK Rowling hits back as Putin likens her to Russia in bizarre rant The Celebrity Big Brother winner gushed in the caption: “This one. She’s a keeper.” The post was a hit with The One Show fans and dozens took to the comments to praise the pair. Pauline said: “Great, happy photo – genuine affection there.” Emily echoed: “You both look beautiful.” While Ingrid commented: “The dream team.” And Sally added: “You are both ace on the telly.” The night out comes after Rylan returned to The One Show after a short break from his hosting duties. He made his comeback on Thursday, and it didn’t take long for him to make a cheeky swipe at his Welsh co-host. DON'T MISSEmmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate[INSIGHT]'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles[LATEST]Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission[NEWS] During the show’s introduction, Alex welcomed Rylan back saying: “It’s so nice to see you.” The former X Factor star then asked: “What’s going on, you miss me?” And Alex replied: “Always! Goes without saying.” However, Rylan couldn’t help but take the opportunity to swipe at Alex as he joked: “Took too long to answer, but it is good to be back.” Rylan has hosted The One Show since 2019 and can also be seen presenting Strictly: It Takes Two and his BBC Radio Two show on Saturday afternoons. It comes after he candidly opened up on single life nine months after his split from husband, Dan Neal. He shared a tweet on Sunday morning following a night out with friends. He said: “Ever have a night out where u have a really good night with friends... (sic) “However on the way home u sit and think, would much rather a night in with Netflix and someone u care about...Yeah that babe." (sic) The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.