Twice a year households across Britain are treated to and robbed of an extra hour in bed thanks to the clocks going forward or back. Unfortunately, this weekend Brits will lose an hour of precious sleep - but brighter evenings will be noticeable immediately. In the UK, the clocks go forward one hour at 1am on the last Sunday in March. That means the clocks will go forward from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) to British Summer Time (BST) on March 27 this year. At 1am on Sunday, the time will automatically change to 2am.  READ MORE: Clocks change 2022 - when does BST start, and why do we change clocks? UK time changes twice a year to make better use of daylight. When the time moves to BST, the country essentially moves an hour of daylight in the mornings to the evenings. Whereas the October clock change means there is more daylight in the mornings and less in the evenings as it reverts to GMT. The good news is that light will last longer into the evenings, and many people herald the time change as the start of spring. The current system of changing the clocks at the end of March and October has been in place since 1972. In 1784, inventor Benjamin Franklin put forward the method, saying people could use less candle wax by getting up earlier and using more of the daylight while working. Fast forward more than 200 years, a man named William Willett introduced the idea of Daylight Saving Time to Britain in 1907.  DON'T MISSKate's children stay with 'paid professionals' during Caribbean tour [INSIGHT]Why a major headache awaits royal household when the clocks go forward [EXPLAINER]Brits complain of being tired over 1000 times a year [REPORT] It became mandatory in 1916, primarily to stop people from wasting vital working hours of light during summer mornings. Mr Willett unfortunately never lived to see his idea be implemented as he died of influenza shortly before the bill was passed through parliament. The clock changes were experimented with for a number of years, before settling on one hour either way, twice a year. Throughout history the clocks have usually changed by an hour. However, half adjustment (30 minutes) or double adjustment (two hours), and adjustments of 20 and 40 minutes have been experimented with. A two-hour adjustment was used in several countries during the 1940s and elsewhere throughout the 20th century. The pros and cons of changing the clocks have been debated over the years. Critics argue that the practice can upset the rhythm of sleep, potentially leading to health problems. Those in favour have said that darker mornings in the winter can be unsafe, particularly for those in the agricultural workforce.