Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, visited Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas this week to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. However, the royal tour was met with criticism and protests following calls for slavery reparations and demands for an apology for the Royal Family's role in the slave trade. The Duke of Cambridge is understood to have made "last-minute changes" to his speeches during the trip following the uproar, according to Sky News' royal correspondent Rhiannon Mills. She reacted to William's parting words that the Royal Family would support with “pride and respect” any decision by Jamaica, Belize and the Bahamas to break away from the British monarchy. He also said that he believes one day the Commonwealth may be led by someone other than a member of the Royal Family. Ms Mills said: "Strong words from a future king who we are told has been listening. "Conversations with prime ministers in all the host countries led to last-minute changes to some of his speeches." JUST IN: Kate and William slammed for 'disastarous' tour by royal expert The royal correspondent continued: "It is striking acknowledge so clearly that he believes it may not just be Commonwealth realms cutting ties with the Royal Family but also the wider Commonwealth. "The fact that he is here representing the Queen makes it more than likely that his words were endorsed, in some way, from the top." It is unclear what specific changes William made to the speeches during the royal tour. Some British and international media have criticised images from the tour, such as the royals shaking hands with Jamaican children through wire fences and standing on an open-top vehicle to observe a military parade that recreated an image of Queen Elizabeth doing the same thing in the 1950s. William's final comments are expected to resonate across the Caribbean, where there are five other countries in which the Queen is head of state. Last year, Barbados took the landmark step of replacing the Queen as head of state in a ceremony was attended by William’s father, the Prince of Wales. The remarks could also be an acknowledgement that change is underway after Jamaica's prime minister Andrew Holness said his country was "moving on" from the monarchy. DON'T MISS: William and Kate savaged in furious five-minute TV rant [VIDEO]POLL: Do YOU think pensioners have been let down by Tory Party? [POLL]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Also in his parting comments, the Duke said: "Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. "What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it and our commitment to serve and support as best we can. "I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. "In Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. "But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them."