When Arsenal deposited Thomas Partey's £45m release clause with La Liga on transfer deadline day in October 5, the Gunners were laying down a marker to the rest of the Big Six. This was a statement signing, a potentially game-changing addition in the middle of the park designed to turn the club's fortunes around in their quest for Champions League football. But in truth, Partey's contribution - particularly in his debut season - has been tame and worthy of scrutiny. Until now, he has looked a shadow of the midfield stalwart signed from Atletico Madrid. At the time, it felt like a major coup but the Ghanaian struggled to get to grips with both the Premier League and Mikel Arteta's style of swashbuckling football. Partey lacked discipline and had a number of struggles with various injuries that halted his progression in north London but finally, Arteta has a real player on his hands. It's been hard to single out individuals in Arsenal's impressive campaign but in recent weeks, there has been one consistent mainstay in terms of stellar performances in Partey. He is Arsenal's on-field commander - almost like a captain within his own right - who sets the tone for the rest of his team-mates with his tackling and relentless pressing. And on days like today, when Arsenal need to dig deep and grind out a result, Partey is the kind of player you can count on. As a disciple of Diego Simeone, he has matured into a dependable leader, who simply knows how to win football matches - whatever it takes. He has the steel required to help Arsenal get over the line in the top-four race as Manchester United, Tottenham and West Ham hunt the Gunners down. It's a sign the club are finally moving in the right direction. Make no mistake, this was a huge result for Arteta's men at Villa Park and an impressive response to the midweek defeat to Liverpool. Partey was right at the centre of it and that has been the case for several weeks now. He has become the team's unsung hero. He has been right at the heart of Arsenal's transition from top-four hopefuls to favourites, even if goalscorer Bukayo Saka will grab the headlines. Alongside Granit Xhaka, he has formed a reliable partnership that provides Arsenal with the spine to build around. There is scope to continue moving forward with those two at the wheel in midfield, even if Xhaka is still yet to fully win over his critics. Arsenal a no longer the soft touch they once were. They were renowned for rolling over and failing to hold onto leads. Now they have the confidence and spirit to cling onto results and get the important points desired. They now finally have their £45m midfielder, who is slowly but surely, elevating his and Arsenal's game to the next level...