Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp will make changes to his starting XI against Norwich in the fifth round of the FA Cup tonight (Wednesday, 8.15pm) following Sunday's Carabao Cup final triumph over Chelsea. Express Sport looks at how the Reds may tweak their line-up although Klopp will be keen to ensure his side are strong enough to progress to the quarter-finals and keep hopes of more domestic silverware alive. Liverpool and Norwich only last met at Anfield on February 19 when the hosts had to come from behind to win 3-1 with Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz all scoring. Those three all started in the Carabao Cup final triumph over Chelsea on Sunday with Liverpool winning 11-10 on penalties. But Mane, who was withdrawn for the returning Diogo Jota on 80 minutes, is surely the only one of the trio who could possibly start here. Luis Diaz played 97 minutes and was dead on his feet by the time of his withdrawal while Salah playing all 120, with both surely set to start for Saturday night's Premier League visit of West Ham and also possibly against Inter Milan the following Tuesday. This cup tie could therefore be used for Jota to help find some sharpness post-injury with the Portuguese on one flank and Mane on the other. Divock Origi would then be the favourite to lead the line. Takumi Minamino has seven goals in just 801 minutes this term and didn't get on to the pitch for Sunday's final so will be among the first-choice substitutes against Norwich. Like Mane, captain Jordan Henderson was withdrawn on 80 minutes against Chelsea and he had only played 22 minutes of the midweek win over Leeds. The skipper could therefore replace Fabinho as the anchor of the midfield having impressed in the role in recent matches, playing there against Norwich in the league. Tyler Morton could then come on for him later in the game. Thiago Alcantara's pre-match injury on Sunday meant Naby Keita had to come into the team but this match should see an opportunity offered to Curtis Jones, who missed out on the squad entirely. The 21-year-old is one of only three outfield players - alongside Virgil van Dijk and Ibrahima Konate - to start both of Liverpool's two FA Cup games until now. Harvey Elliott is another midfielder pressing for inclusion but Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will surely get another chance to start after a disappointing outing last time against Norwich in the league. No Liverpool player has played more minutes than Van Dijk's 3,000 this season, with Trent Alexander-Arnold the next highest outfielder at 2,775. The Dutchman should therefore drop to the bench with Joe Gomez making a first centre-back start in any competition since December 22, joined by Konate rather than Joel Matip, who rarely starts three times in one week. At right-back, Alexander-Arnold may actually be asked to start given he was below his best against Chelsea and enjoyed a rest in the league game against Norwich. That would be with a view to James Milner or Conor Bradley replacing him from the bench in the second half. On the opposite side, Kostas Tsimikas must surely replace Andy Robertson having excelled in all of his performances this season. Caoimhin Kelleher is the club's cup keeper but despite his heroics on Sunday, Klopp has confirmed that Alisson will start between the sticks. Possible Liverpool XI vs Norwich: ALISSON, Alexander-Arnold, GOMEZ, KONATE, TSIMIKAS, Henderson, OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN, JONES, JOTA, ORIGI, Mane CAPS = CHANGE FROM PREVIOUS STARTING XI