Former detectives Penny and Jon were on the hunt for a holiday home in Spain. They decided the Northern Costa Almeria would be the perfect place for them. A Place in the Sun's Ben Hillman was tasked with assisting them on their search, keeping in mind their budget of £100,000. The property expert lined up five potentials for the couple to explore, but several failed to impress the husband and wife. During one search, Jon informed Ben he was "in the bad books" over his choice of property. After Penny and Jon rejected his first three properties, Ben took the pair to a two-bed apartment in Mojacar Playa. Featuring a terrace with pool and countryside views, the inside consisted of a living and dining space with a fireplace, an open modern kitchen as well as a shower room and a bathroom. Valued at £102,586, the home seemed to tick all the boxes of the couple. While looking around though, Jon told Penny: "I'm not liking it." READ MORE: Peaky Blinders star speaks out on quitting BBC series 'No-brainer' He added: "No, not feeling it at all." Unimpressed by the rooms, he continued: "That's the kitchen..." Penny replied: "Yeah, it's modern but dark, isn't it?" "It's just soulless, Penny," Jon fumed. "I want to come on holiday and feel like I've come to a second home." Staring at the surrounding rooms, he went on: "This is just soulless, it's not homely, is it?" "No," Penny agreed. "And do you know, I feel like it would need a lot of work. It's just not doing it." As they joined Ben to give him their feedback, Ben commented: "Okay, tell me all about it." "Disappointed, Ben," Jon stated before taking aim at the host: "You're back in the bad books." Stunned, Ben asked: "I'm back in the bad books? Oh, it's a rollercoaster. DON'T MISS... Steph's Packed Lunch cancelled in schedule shake-up [LATEST]The Dog House fans outraged as dog snubbed over 'lack of connection' [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little issues warning about Neville future [INTERVIEW] "There's highs and lows, more lows than highs at the moment. What's wrong with this one?" Jon explained: "Kitchen doesn't seem to work and I think when I'm dropping our suitcases in there I want to feel like I'm coming to my second home. "That just doesn't feel like a second home to me - it's soulless." "I don't think the pressure's ever been on quite like it is at the moment," Ben admitted. "Because we've got one last property to see." Thankfully, the couple did like the look of the final property Ben had found for them. A two-bed apartment in Valle del Este, it was on the market for £112,068. They made an offer of £105,000, stretching out their budget for the home they fell in love with. Being a bank-owned property, they, unfortunately, had to wait a few weeks to find out, and viewers weren't informed of the outcome. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays at 3pm on Channel 4.