Outlander is about to return with its sixth series on Starz and will see the continuation of Claire (played by Caitriona Balfe) and Jamie Fraser’s (Sam Heughan) fight to protect those they love. However, the Starz series will also be introducing the Christie family to the show. Mark Lewis Jones will play Tom Christie, an Ardsmuir prisoner and devout Protestant, who will arrive at Fraser’s Ridge seeking a place to settle. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actor and whether he is married. Mark is a Welsh actor who was born near Wrexham in Wales. He began his acting career as a teenager with the Clywd Youth Theatre before training at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama. Mark has acted with the Royal Shakespeare Company and at Shakespeare's Globe Theatre in London. As well as the theatre, the 57-year-old has appeared in several TV shows including Holby City, Waking the Dead and Torchwood. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Mark likes to keep his private life out of the limelight, but he is married to Welsh fashion entrepreneur Gwenno Penrhyn. The pair reportedly met each other after Gwenno's 40th birthday. Mark's wife worked as a make-up artist in TV shows and dramas before turning her hand to fashion. In 2015, she opened her own boutique store in Cardiff called Kiti Cymru, which she named after her late grandmother. However, according to her Instagram, she recently announced the closure of her store. She explained that despite it being the end of an era, she has plans to open a new store. Speaking about her store in an interview, Gwenno said to Toolally: "I have always wanted to have my own clothes shop and when I turned 40 began making plans. "I then met my now husband and decided the time was right! My Nain (grandmother in Welsh) whom I was very close to died and I decided to name the shop after her. Kiti was born!" DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [VIDEO]Vera's Aiden Healy details struggles of filming series with Brenda [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise's Neville betrays the Commissioner after romance [SPOILERS] And while the couple have no children of their own, according to WalesOnline, Mark has four children from a previous relationship. In an interview, Mark recalled being approached by fans at a rugby game when he was with his youngest son, Jacob. Speaking about being asked for photos, the actor told the publication: "You never see yourself like other people see you. It’s bizarre. "It’s always interesting when you go to the rugby and the trains come in from the valleys, and they’ve all had a drink on the train and there's a lot of Dutch courage....and they love Rob Morgan." "My youngest son, Jacob, who’s 15 he’s like, ‘shall I take the picture?’ He's so used to it," he added. Mark will make his debut in Outlander as Tom Christie, who is is the father of Allan Christie (played Alexander Vlahos) and uncle of Malva Christie (Jessica Reynolds) He joined the Stuarts during the Jacobite Rising of 1745 and was imprisoned at Ardsmuir, where he met Jamie Fraser. The actor shared a sweet post of his co-stars at the Outlander premiere last week. He captioned the photo: "Wonderful night at @royalfestivalhall with these two and the great @outlander_starz @sonypicturesuk family." (sic) Outlander season 6 premieres on Starz in the USA on March 6 and StarzPlay in the UK.