Rejoiners have reacted victoriously to the news that Britain’s global exports are not seeing the post-pandemic recovery of the rest of the world – which on average rose 8.2 percent in the same period. But Britons have noted that “it takes time for worldwide trade to get established” after leaving an economic union. A new world trade monitor published by the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis earlier this week, known as the CPB, revealed the decline in trade. It showed the UK performed poorly against advanced countries as well, where exports rose 5 percent. Earlier in the week, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) said the UK’s global trade “lagged behind” the country’s strong domestic recovery. It added that the UK had “missed out” on much of the recovery trade, and suggested that “Brexit may have been a factor”. READ MORE: Brexit blamed as UK exports drop 14% – Britain ‘missing out’ on trade Michael Saunders, a member of the Bank of England’s monetary policy committee said Brexit had “reduced the economy’s openness, in trade and labour mobility”. New data from the ONS on Thursday showed that more than half of UK businesses had switched to sourcing materials more domestically since the UK had formally left the EU. The OBR said that as the UK had become less trade intensive, the nation’s productivity would be reduced by 4 percent over the next 15 years. Reacting to the news yesterday (Saturday), arch-Remainer Andrew Adonis used the new data to deride “Brexit, year two”, as the UK entered its second year outside the EU in January. He added that the trade monitor, known as the CPB, suggested that the UK’s trade had been “decimated”. However, while many focused on the stalled recovery from the pandemic, the research’s own assessment found the UK was suffering from events far pre-dating Brexit. CPB analysis indicated that the UK had been underperforming in the long term, with exports remaining below a 2010 average. This suggests the UK export economy has been in decline since the financial crash over a decade ago. DON'T MISS Major emergency after massive tower block fire emits thick smoke plume [REPORT] Horror as family-of-five leap from high rise building – four dead [INSIGHT] Putin's Achilles' heel exposed as Russian despot facing REVOLT [ANALYSIS] Commenting on the Express.co.uk website, Tactica wrote: “EU fanboys out in force at the first sign of any negative news. “Seriously, after being integrated for 45 years into a trading block and breaking free, does anyone really believe that it will not take time to get our house in order? “Especially when the Civil Service is filled to the brim with EU sycophants trying to obstruct change at every turn.” Meanwhile, Mudlark said: “We are more self-sufficient now and it takes time for worldwide trade to get established. “What we need is positivity instead of doom-mongering Remoaners putting down our country all the time.” And godpot said: “Trade goes up and down and will continue to do so, typical Remoaners to try and latch onto anything they can. Suck it up, losers – and yes, the EU are suffering just as bad.” The OBR poured cold water on the Brexit optimism that the many trade deals the Government had signed since leaving the EU would boost global trade. Since January last year, the UK has reached free trade agreements with 95 nations, having only 35 when it left the EU. Though it has signed agreements with big trade partners such as Canada and Japan, many others make up relatively little of the UK’s export market and the Government has yet to reach a deal with the US. The OBR said that “none of the new free trade agreements or other regulatory changes announced so far would be sufficient” to impact its forecasts for the UK’s trade. Instead, it estimated that Brexit would mean a 15 percent drop in imports and exports.