The country is prepared to transfer its MIG-29 fighter jets to a US airbase, the Polish foreign ministry claimed as it announced a move that could prove crucially helpful for Kyiv. Washington has been looking at a proposal under which Poland would supply Ukraine with Soviet-era fighters, which Ukrainian pilots are trained to fly, and in turn receive American F-16s to make up for their loss. The operation would be "immediate and free of charge" and, according to Warsaw, hopes to trigger initiatives "in the same vein" from NATO allies. Poland's foreign ministry said in a statement: "The authorities of the Republic of Poland, after consultations between the president and the government, are ready to deploy — immediately and free of charge — all their MIG-29 jets to the Rammstein Air Base and place them at the disposal of the government of the United States of America. "At the same time, Poland requests the United States to provide us with used aircraft with corresponding operational capabilities. "Poland is ready to immediately establish the conditions of purchase of the planes. "The Polish government also requests other NATO Allies — owners of MIG-29 jets — to act in the same vein." READ MORE: What will happen if Russia uses nuclear weapons? Poland is thought to have 28 of the Soviet-era warplanes. The announcement follows claims earlier on Tuesday by UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace that Britain would support Poland if it decided to provide Ukraine with fighter jets. Mr Wallace warned the Poles, however, might have direct consequences for them. He said: "I would support the Poles and whatever choice they make. "We would protect Poland, we'll help them with anything that they need. "Poland will understand that the choices they make will not only directly help Ukraine, which is a good thing, but also may bring them into direct line of fire from countries such as Russia or Belarus." Speaking on Sky News, Mr Wallace added the UK, which has provided Ukraine with defensive weapons as well as other important military and humanitarian aid, did not have aircraft to offer the Ukrainians would be able to use. The exchange made by Poland and the US could pave the way, though, for nations to look at what options are available to them to further assist Kyiv. The Defence Secretary said he would make a statement to Parliament on Wednesday laying out what further lethal and non-lethal aid would be provided as well as what measures the Government would urge other countries to take. DON'T MISSPriti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' in attack over Calais chaos [REPORT]Will Putin invade UK? Will there be war with Russia? [EXPLAINER]UK v EU's efforts to thwart Russia's invasion and defeat Putin [ANALYSIS] The Polish prime minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, was in London to meet Mr Johnson alongside the leaders of Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Hungary, the so-called V4 group inside the European Union, on Tuesday. The decision of the Poles to transfer the MiG-29s to Ukraine through Washington was supported by Mr Johnson even though he publicly insists such a deal is a sovereign decision for Warsaw. Mr Morawiecki, despite publicly acknowledging the agreement could be seen by Russia as too far an involvement in the conflict, was reportedly ready to go ahead with the proposal if it was backed by NATO. The approach of Poland, a close ally to Ukraine, to the crisis stands out as being the most eager to take in people fleeing their war-torn country in search of safety. Out of the more than two million Ukrainians who according to the UNHCR have so far escaped, over half have gone to Poland. With a 310-mile shared border, the Eastern European nation had received 1,204,403 refugees by Tuesday, and the government has announced plans to set up an 8bn złoty (£1.34bn) refugee fund, including the provision of a one-off payment of 300 złoty (£50) for each incoming Ukrainian person. Hungary, Romania, Slovakia and the Czech Republic have all welcomed more than one hundred refugees.