However, National Insurance rates will rise as planned next month. In his Spring Statement to the House of Commons, the Chancellor referred to the move as the “largest personal tax cut in a decade”. As a result of this move, the National Insurance threshold will rise to a staggering £12,570 come April. Reacting to the news on Twitter, Martin Lewis addressed who would and wouldn't pay more Nationa Insurance rise from April. On Twitter, Rishi Sunak added: "From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any income tax or National Insurance. "It’s a £6billion personal tax cut for 30 million people in the UK. "It’s worth over £330 a year and is the largest increase in a basic rate threshold – ever." Tim Walford-Fitzgerald, Partner at accountancy firm HW Fisher, commented: “The decision to raise the threshold people earn before they pay National Insurance (NIC) is a long overdue simplification and will make it easier for the Chancellor to take the next step in aligning income tax and NIC. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim "We see this as part of an opportunity to merge both income and NIC into one single tax further down the line. "There are some barriers that still exist, but these are not insurmountable. "Expect a further change on this when the Chancellor has the political courage to do so. It’s a psychological hurdle to overcome between one higher income tax rate and two separate taxes - even if they add up to the same total!” Rishi Sunak outlined the state of the UK economy in his Spring Statement this afternoon and how the Treasury plans to mitigate the pressures being placed on it. On the increase, Christine Cairns, tax partner at PwC, said: “While the tax-free personal allowance has steadily risen in recent years to £12,570 in line with long-standing Government policy, the NI threshold has lagged behind, quietly hovering below £10,000, partly because it’s so closely linked with state welfare benefits such as pensions and jobseeker’s allowance. "However, last year’s announced 1.25 percent increase from April brought NI sharply into focus and having reaffirmed his commitment to the rise, increasing the threshold was one of the only options left to try and soften the blow for those who will feel it most. “While it might seem curious to be effectively both increasing and cutting NI at the same time, today’s change is clearly targeted at helping those with the lowest earnings who may already be below the income tax threshold. "The true impact of this cut, as well as of the future decrease of the basic rate tax rate, for middle income earners will need to be assessed against the impact of the freezing of the income tax bands until 2026.” Laura Suter, the head of personal finance at AJ Bell, added: "The Chancellor went one step further than the leaked plans and extended the National Insurance threshold to £12,570, meaning that anyone earning below this limit will pay no income tax and no National Insurance. "By bringing in the move in July, rather than immediately, taxpayers won’t get a full year of the benefit. But it will still mean that the average worker who earns more than the £12,570 threshold will save £330 a year, once the change kicks in. "The Government says that 70 percent of people currently paying National Insurance will see a reduction in their bill, even with pushing ahead with the increased 1.25 percent levy.” Despite widespread criticism, the Chancellor confirmed that National Insurance contributions by taxpayers will increase in a few weeks time. As a result of this, taxpayers will see their National Insurance contributions rise by 1.25 percentage points, meaning it'll hit 13.25 percent for people earning between £184 and £967 a week from April. This increase to National Insurance contributions is a precursor to the upcoming Health and Social Care Levy, which will not just be paid by working-age people. Controversially, the new levy will also be paid by pensioners which makes it noticeably different to National Insurance. In 2021, Mr Sunak outlined the Government's plan to hike National Insurance payments on workers and employers by 1.25 percentage points. This tax rise will fund the Government’s social care plans ahead of the Health and Social Care Levy which will be introduced next year. Workers pay National Insurance via their wages, while their employers make contributions on their behalf. People who are self-employed pay National Insurance on any profits that they make. It should be noted that the Chancellor has promised to return the rate of National Insurance to what it currently is at in April 2023. However, by that point, taxpayers will have to pay the extra Health and Social Care Levy on top of making National Insurance contributions. Those above the state pension age will also have to pay this new levy if they continue to work, which makes it different to National Insurance. The increase to NI contributions has been met with widespread criticism as a tax on working-age people at a time when the cost of living is soaring to record levels.  Earlier today, the Bank of England confirmed that inflation in the UK has risen to 6.2 percent, a new 30-year high. This figure is ahead of expectations of 5.9 percent with fuel and energy price exacerbating the already growing cost of living crisis. Earlier this year, the regulator Ofgem confirmed that energy bills will rise by £693 this year due to pressures in the wholesale gas and electricity market. On top of all of this, the ongoing war in Ukraine and sanctions being placed on Russia are placing new pressures on the global economy. These issues combined mean households will be feeling the effect of the National Insurance rise. Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at Bestinvest, said: “There is a rising expectation for some sort of measure to help especially less well-off households to cope with living costs, and particularly energy and fuel prices, that are soaring and threatening to depress living standards. “With the National Insurance hike, which will become the Health and Social Care Levy, being part of the Government’s long-term funding plans, it seems unlikely that it will be postponed – and both Sunak and the Prime Minister have insisted it will go ahead, to the chagrin of many Tory backbenchers.” Steven Cameron, the Pensions Director at Aegon, added: “With the cost-of-living squeeze on the rise, individuals will face a further hit to their take-home pay from the planned 1.25 percent National Insurance increase in just a few weeks. “And for state pensioners, the 3.1 percent increase in April is exactly half current inflation, leaving them one step forward but two steps back, undoubtedly leaving many severely stretched.”