While the war in Ukraine is a humanitarian and military issue, with unimaginable effects for the people directly affected, it has also created knock-on effects elsewhere in the world. The conflict is unnerving global stock markets, which could well have implications for the value of pension pots. Understandably, this may have a knock-on effect for the retirement plans of many individuals. Large numbers of Britons are relying upon a solid fund before they leave the workforce, but this could be at risk. Research undertaken by interactive investor has shown the potential extent of the issue. The average value of a self-invested personal pension has fallen by 12 percent from £227,713 at the end of December, to £202,134 at the end of February and the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine - to just £196,109 now. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak could SLASH pension tax-free cash in looming statement The organisation attributed falls not only to the war, but also the preceding rise in interest rates. Other factors turned general sentiment negative from mid-January onwards. Many people will have a diversified fund, which could involve exposure to the Russian economy. However, even if this is not the case, investments will be affected by general uncertainty towards what will happen next. DON'T MISSState pension to rise but triple lock freeze means Britons miss out [INSIGHT]Pension 'trap’ could mean you lose out on 90 percent of saving ability [ANALYSIS]State pension: Can you inherit a state pension? [EXPLAINED] Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, said: “The war in Ukraine has consequences for global stock markets, which in turn could affect the value of pension funds. “For those years away from retirement, this should not be too concerning – they may have decades left for markets to recover enough to restore their pension value to rude health.” However, Ms O’Connor warned there is a particular group at risk during this time - those very close to or currently in retirement. She added: “How consequential it will be for older people depends on a number of factors, including their individual exposure to global equities. “Some pension holders will be feeling relieved they had reduced the risk of their portfolio to some extent in the run up to retirement. “Others may be kicking themselves that they left too much to the ups and downs of equities too close to the date they plan to take an income. “The bottom line for anyone now, regardless of what they have or haven’t already done to stem losses, is not to panic. Selling locks in losses. “If you don’t need to sell now and can wait to draw an income, you are likely to be rewarded by a recovery in values, when it comes. “This is more important for retirees or people close to retirement than anyone.” A pension can currently be accessed from the age of 55, but a state pension won’t be received until 66 at the earliest. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Those who are not as close to retirement do not need to act imminently, but no one, regardless of their position, should enact a knee-jerk reaction, the expert said. Instead, interactive investor has advised individuals who are at or approaching retirement to consider their options carefully. Some could take financial advice, while others may choose to use the Government’s free service, PensionWise. People could also consider whether other assets, for example from savings or an ISA, could tide them over to keep their pension invested for longer. Finally, those concerned about exposure to Russia can contact their pension fund for further clarity.