The money saving expert answered an array of questions from concerned Britons trying to survive the cost of living crisis. While the council tax rebate is only available to households in band A to D, properties in other bands could check if they are eligible for the discretionary fund.  One Twitter user Caroline Stringer asked: “Our council are giving the £150 rebate to households Band A to D and we are Band E and so expected we don’t need it. “Is there anyway that we can get it? Living in a bigger house doesn’t mean we aren’t struggling too.” Mr Lewis excitedly replied: “This is exactly what I was talking about before. “They will have a discretionary fund council by council. We know generalised published terms for the discretionary fund and each council is allowed to vary its terms."   He suggested households “go and have a look” on their local councils website to check its terms for the fund. He noted: “It’s not April yet so they may not have published it, many have, many haven’t, but in April you will be able to apply if you are not in a band A to D property for up to £150. “It’s a limited amount of money, and I know people always look out for themselves but ask yourself the question, 'Am I really struggling?' Are you between starving and eating?” Mr Lewis concluded: “If you’re really struggling then go and get this money, if you’re not you might want to think about leaving some of the tranche for other people because I suspect it will run out.”     Councils have been provided with £144million in discretionary funding to better assist the most vulnerable households across the country. The £150 rebate is due in April for all households in bands A to D in England, with governments in Scotland and Wales following suit. It has been reported that direct debit taxpayers will receive the payment sooner than those who pay with other methods. Households will not usually need to claim or apply for the rebate themselves if they are in bands A to D, as it will instead be paid into their bank account.  However, taxpayers not using direct debit can expect their council to contact them before the rebate is given. The rebate was announced in February as part of a package of measures provided by Treasury to help Britons survive the cost of living crisis. Alongside the rebate, which does not need to be repaid, Britons will also receive a £200 energy discount. The energy discount has been criticised as a loan rather than a discount as Britons are expected to pay back this £200 through annual £40 payments over the next five years. The package is said to cost HM Treasury £9billion with the poorest households reportedly receiving the biggest rebates.  The measures were announced on the same day Ofgem revealed the price cap rise in April of almost £700. Since then, these estimations are expected to have worsened due to the conflict in Ukraine. The energy price cap has risen once this year already and the April increase is due to rise to £1,971. Analysts have also warned that another potential rise could be due later this year with bills predicted to reach £3,000 by the end of the year. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.