All new vehicles sold in Europe will be fitted with a speed limiter as a legal requirement from July 6, 2022, in the form of Intelligent Speed Assist (ISA) technology. While it has been praised for its potential safety benefits, some fear that it may result in car insurance premiums increasing, because of how the technology can be used. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, warned that the uncertainty around such safety features may lead to car insurance confusion. He said: “You would expect all [features such as collision avoidance, parking sensors, and onboard cameras] to have a positive impact on premiums, due to the way in which you would hope they can reduce incidents and lower claims frequencies. “What we don't know is if and how insurers ingest and then utilise their data. “It also depends on how the above are declared to the insurer.” READ MORE: EU speed limiters putting UK drivers off from buying a new car Many manufacturers have already started including factory-fitted ISA technology in some of its cars such as Volvo, Ford, Jaguar and Honda. Renault Group also confirmed that all upcoming Renault and Citroen cars will have a top speed of 112mph to increase safety. All new cars, vans, trucks and buses will need to be fitted with an ISA, as the technology needs to be adapted for motorcycles. From July 7, 2024, a European Union mandate will see all new cars that have already launched be fitted with an ISA. DON'T MISSDrivers choosing petrol over EVs could lose £5,000 [INSIGHT]Thirty year-old cars pulled from bottom of Scottish reservoir [SHOCKING]Millions of drivers risk jail and fines for Six Nations drink driving [WARNING] Although the UK left the EU following Brexit, a number of car manufacturing laws have been retained by the British Government. The European Commission has clearly outlined that “the driver is always responsible” for adhering to traffic rules and that the ISA is a “best-effort driver assistance system”. It is expected that drivers will be able to override the speed limiter technology, prompting fears about liability and road safety. There are further concerns that the increased use of tools like speed limiters and autonomous vehicle technology could have an impact on claim processing times. Mr Fulthorpe added: “If car manufacturers take responsibility for the incident of autonomous vehicles and therefore remove the need for an insurer to get involved, that likely will have a positive impact on claim processing times as you are likely to have fewer claims to look at. “However, if there is any contention around who's at fault or who is liable, claim times will likely increase. “To get the public on board and to adopt these vehicles, responsibility for accidents will have to sit with the manufacturer. “If the risk is with the car provider then that will have an impact on insurance premiums.” Manufacturers like Volvo and Mercedes have stated they would accept full responsibility for accidents that occur while autonomous technology is active. Some experts believe this could mean that premiums would be built into the cost of the vehicle in the future. The European Transport Safety Council (ETSC) – which has been pushing for the mandatory speed limiters – has said the move will reduce collisions by 30 percent. The European Commission has said the speed limiters, along with other measures included in the legislation, could prevent 140,000 serious road traffic injuries by 2038. Overall, it hopes to cut road deaths to zero by 2050.