BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty, 47, reacted to the news that a beloved programme on the BBC has come to an end. Simon Mayo and Mark Kermode have announced that their Radio 5 Live Film Review will be no more. The duo's radio programme sees them discussing the latest film releases and inviting on actors, guests and hearing listeners' emails. Taking to Twitter yesterday, the pair made the announcement, in view of their 174,000 followers. The message read: "Simon Mayo has announced that Kermode and Mayo's Film Review is coming to an end on @bbc5live. The last show will be on April 1st." The post was accompanied by a statement, which read: "21 years is a long time to be clogging up the schedules. READ MORE: Demi Rose pouts as she spills out of bikini in eye-popping display "We and no one else - have decided to step away... to withdraw... to spread our wings... to exit, pursued by a bear. The pair were swiftly inundated with messages, as fans shared their dismay over the news. Naga simply penned: "NO!!!! @bbc5live." She also retweeted the message in view of her 261,000 followers.  Fans flocked to comment on the post, as Twitter user, Carol Williams said: "I’m really hoping they are moving to another channel or just a podcast." Samantha Lord quizzed: "April fools?" Mark Roberts commented: "Totally agree Naga." While Jamie Holmes added: "I get the feeling it will carry on in a different guise." DON'T MISS... ‘My face is made from cow’ Katie Piper details ‘pioneering’ skin graft[LATEST]BBC's Deborah James 'so sad' after being rushed back to hospital[HEALTH]Strictly star's tears as family 'turned back' at Ukraine border[UPDATE] Kermode and Mayo first appeared as a duo on BBC Radio 1 in the 1990s. Their Radio 5 Live programme started in 2001 and has the two spending the first hour breaking down the week's top ten films. Fans always look forward to Mayo reading comments from listeners on the films, with many of the comments being on films Kermode never saw. After reading comments, guests - like directors and actors - appear for a pre-recorded interview. The radio show had many guests over the years, including the likes of Jason Isaacs, Michael Sheen and David Morrissey. At the end of each show, Kermode identifies his Film of the Week. In May 2009, Mayo and Kermode won a Gold Sony Radio Award in the Speech Award category, due to continued good work and passion for radio. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.