Author and broadcaster Fern Britton spoke on the White Wine Question Time podcast about how, despite enjoying the tour, she couldn’t help but feel emotional because she missed her sons. “I was missing my sons, and I was sobbing backstage when I was missing them,” she told host and fellow Strictly contestant, Kate Thornton. “You were missing your son,” she recalled. “There were all sorts of things, weren’t there?” the former This Morning presenter said, without giving away any more details about the rocky times on the tour. “It’s an emotional thing to go off on tour and think that you’re a rockstar,” Fern added. “We were treated like rockstars, weren’t we? Absolutely wonderful.” READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him In their candid conversation, Fern also opened up about her experience with IVF. Fern described having her twin boys, Jack and Harry, with her first husband, Clive Jones, as “something miraculous”. It was her fourth round of IVF. She said: “Anyone who has been through IVF knows about those drugs and the enormity of building your hopes and dashing them, it’s extreme.” She also has a daughter, Grace, who she described as her “miracle” baby. Fern then added: “Then unfortunately my marriage broke up when she was five months [old]. “So that was a tricky one so I had a year of really digging deep, but then a year later I met Phil. “We were married after a year so that was two years since Gracie was born. DON’T MISS:Tom Parker receives 'revolutionary treatment' in Spain amid incurab... [NEWS] Sean Penn flies into warzone Ukraine to film doc amid bombing [LATEST]Liz Hurley, 56, shares health update after 'lying on sofa' with injury [INSIGHT] “And then the last chance saloon, I always say it’s late night shopping just before the doors close, Winnie arrived. “So that was exciting and then we had Winnie.” The couple met when they appeared on the BBC show Ready Steady Cook. They married in 2000 before their daughter Winnie was born in 2001. However, they both announced their marriage was ending in a statement on social media in January 2020. Fern wrote on her Twitter page at the time: “After more than 20 happy years together, Phil and I have decided to go our separate ways. “We will always share a great friendship and our lovely children. “We would appreciate it if our privacy is respected at this time. “Thankyou for your continued kindness and support.” (sic)