Campaigners say ending the free provision of kits this Friday is “reckless” with more than 3.5 million thought to have had the virus in the past week. And they warned that the April 1 deadline has led to stockpiling with many people, particularly the elderly, unable to find tests. Dennis Reed, director of over-60s group Silver Voices, said: “Many of our members have complained that free kits have been unavailable anywhere in their areas for at least a week, with notices up in surgeries and pharmacies, indicating that it is not known when fresh supplies will arrive. “We believe that supplies are being hoarded so that they can be sold later. “The unavailability of testing kits is leaving individuals to try and judge for themselves whether or not they are safe to mingle with others, a recipe for disaster for vulnerable groups.” But Downing Street said there are no plans to extend free testing.The Prime Minister's official spokesman said: "So there's no plans to change our approach. "You'll know the significant cost - billions of pounds we are spending every month providing free testing to the public - and because of vaccines, therapeutics and other means we are now in a vastly different position to where we were when we first started providing free testing. "We've said that from 1st of April these tests will only be available for free to certain groups." From Friday free Lateral Flow Tests will be scaled back, with only the over-75s and over-12s with weakened immune systems having access to them. Everyone else will have to buy the tests. Ministers have also been accused of leaving NHS staff in the dark as to whether or not they will need to pay for their own coronavirus tests. The NHS Confederation said that workers may be forced to fork out around £50 a month for tests if they have to pay themselves. Currently, health workers are still required to test twice weekly for the virus. Danny Altmann, professor of immunology at Imperial College London, said on Monday that ending free coronavirus testing for healthcare workers is "a disaster". He told Times Radio that it is "unfair, unkind and just not workable" to expect NHS staff to pay for their own tests. It comes as new figures show that staff absences at NHS hospitals in England due to COVID-19 have jumped more than 30% week-on-week, the biggest increase since the start of the year. An average of 23,127 staff at hospital trusts in England - 2 per cent of the total workforce - were absent every day last week, either because they were ill with the virus or self-isolating. Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi said that some 200,000 children are off school in England due to COVID, before promising more details on rapid testing this week when the free provision is stopped. Paul Whiteman, general secretary of school leaders' union NAHT, said: "COVID cases have been spiking again in many schools over the past week or so - in line with the rising numbers nationally. Removing free access to lateral flow tests at this point feels irresponsible. "It will make tracking and controlling COVID almost impossible. There is a lot of anxiety from school leaders about what could happen once tests are unavailable." According to the latest Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures, around one in 16 people in private households in England - or 3.5 million people - are likely to have had COVID in the week to 19 March. This is up from one in 20, or 2.7 million people, in the previous week and is the third week in a row that cases are understood to have risen. The sharp rise in cases across most of the country is due to the Omicron BA.2 variant, a more transmissible form of Omicron, the ONS said. Wales has experienced its third successive jump in infections, with the figure up from 125,400 people, or one in 25, to 192,900 people, or one in 16 - a record high. In Scotland, cases have been on the rise for eight weeks in a row and have also reached another record high, with nearly half a million people (473,800) likely to have had the virus last week, or one in 11. This is up from 376,300 people, or one in 14, the previous week. The number of coronavirus patients in Scotland's hospitals has reached a new record, with 2,360 people needing care, Scottish government figures show. Northern Ireland is the only UK region that is seeing infections falling for a second successive week, and cases now stand at an estimated 108,700 people, or one in 17, down from 130,600 people, or one in 14, according to the ONS. More than 600,000 people will be invited for a COVID booster jab this week as infection levels climb close to record highs in England. Since rolling out spring boosters last week, more than 470,000 people have come forward for a jab, NHS England said.