Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has delivered a frank and honest assessment of Mercedes' pre-season campaign as the Bahrain Grand Prix closes in. The two teams pushed each other all the way in 2021 but Red Bull, who narrowly missed out on the Constructors' front, will wish to capitalise on early signs of weakness from the Silver Arrows camp. Mercedes were fast during the first series of pre-season tests in Barcelona, but they were left frustrated in Bahrain last week. Teams got down to work between the two tests, and the changes made to Lewis Hamilton's W13 left him several seconds behind Max Verstappen on the final day. Granted, the Brit's track conditions were much less favourable than that of his rival, but there have been enough concerning signs from Mercedes for their pre-season run-out to divide opinion. Some have claimed that Mercedes' pessimism and poor performances are little more than mind games. Marko disagrees, but warned his star driver that things could shift by the time Sunday's Sakhir curtain-raiser gets underway. READ MORE: Mercedes face FIA investigation with Red Bull and Ferrari set to appeal W13 upgrades "We were looking more at the performance than the sidepod and it wasn’t that impressive," Marko told Austrian newspaper Osterreich. "What Mercedes has brought looks revolutionary. But what matters is the time. "And I say – the main thing is that we’re the fastest again. But I also remember last year, when Mercedes was also behind in the tests." Verstappen and Carlos Sainz, two drivers expected to pose a challenge to Mercedes' duo this year, were far more sceptical about the Silver Arrows' true performance.   But Hamilton expects a Ferrari one-two in Bahrain unless his team can work miracles over the next few days. Marko agreed that Ferrari have 'caught up a lot' this off-season which could leave Sainz and Charles Leclerc feeling quietly confident, even if the former slapped down Hamilton's prediction of early Prancing Horse dominance. Verstappen was even more dismissive, scoffing: "If someone is doing well or a team that everyone expects to do well, then it’s: 'Oh no, we're definitely not the favourite'. "And then a week later, when things do go well, all of a sudden it's: 'Oh no, but we turned it around completely within a week. Not normal, unbelievable work. Thanks to all people in the factory!'" While Verstappen appears keen to talk up Mercedes' chances of success, make no mistake, the Red Bull camp would be desperate to see them fall off the pace. The Silver Arrows are on an unprecedented streak of team dominance, scooping up their eighth consecutive Constructors' Championship last year despite Verstappen's individual glory. Less than 30 points separated the teams by the chequered flag in Abu Dhabi, and while Ferrari have hundreds of points to make up, Marko is among those who feels that they could have a say towards the top this year. 