The 39-year-old actor, along with Kane ‘Kano’ Robinson, leads the cast of the acclaimed Netflix drama Top Boy, which is set to return with its next chapter on Netflix on March 18. While both Dushane (played by Ashley Walters) and Sully (Kane Robinson) have escaped death from the most brutal of blood splattered shoot-outs in the show so far, their seemingly untouchable streak has caused some fans to question what would happen if the drug kingpin and his long-serving underboss were suddenly killed off.   This season sees Dushane on a roll after he won the war against the young pretender Jamie (Micheal Ward), leaving his Summerhouse crew unrivalled and making more money than ever. Life with Shelley (Simbi Ajikawo ‘Little Simz’) is going well too and allows him to dream of a future away from the road but then a problem from an unexpected quarter arises and threatens to bring it all crashing down. Ahead of the series' return, Ashley addressed the concerns and claimed “there is space” for one of their characters to die. Taking a cheeky jibe at his co-star Kano, the actor chuckled: “It could definitely exist without Sully." READ MORE:Antiques Road Trip taken off air in schedule shake-up “I don’t even know why you would ask that question,” he jested while speaking to Metro who originally put the question of a Dushane or Sully demise to the pair. After some thought, he backtracked, however: “No, I don’t think it could if I’m honest with you." He continued: “Look, potentially there’s space for it, but I think that relationship is the core of the show. “And although there are so many new characters that have come into it, every story connects to us in some sort of way.”  Shedding light on what viewers can expect in the new episodes, the British rapper pointed out that season two moves at a different pace to previous instalments. Appearing on The One Show on Monday beside his co-star and Brit Award winner Little Simz, the pair revealed what makes this season different to others, particularly with its female leads. Little Simz began: “You see these characters and it’s often you don’t see their sisters or their girlfriends, or their mothers, and how their choices affect the women in their lives. “It’s amazing we have a really great ensemble of women to help lead and drive these stories,” she said. DON'T MISS'I tore my shoulder' Bridgerton star Simone Ashley details injury [INSIGHT]Tales of the Walking Dead: Tyreese star teases reunion in AMC spin-off [OPINION]The Last Kingdom: Uhtred star opens up on directorial debut [INTERVIEW] Ashley echoed his co-star's words as he too delved into the ins and outs of what fans can expect. He told Alex and Jermaine after they took a peek at the trailer: "What's so powerful about this season, just watching that trailer there... "It's a lot broader, the storylines are a lot stronger, and our female leads are really powerful and empowered throughout this season. "There's some great things to come," Ashley concluded.  While the likes of Dushane and Sully are confirmed to make their comebacks, there have been some fears among the fandom that one of season one's biggest characters won't join them. A handful of eagle-eyed fans spotted the absence of youngster Ats (Keiyon Cook) in the season two trailer, despite his rather big involvement in the season one finale's twist. It was Ats after all who Dushane used to plant evidence against Jamie which landed him facing time behind bars. But will he make it back to Summerhouse in season two or could the trailer have already given away one of the show's biggest exits? Top Boy season 2 arrives March 18 on Netflix. 