Full Metal Junkies has been described as 'Amazing Spaces vs Jacka**' and it makes its debut on Quest tonight (March 22). The factual entertainment TV show follows Jim Stewart and his team as they take old school buses, ambulances and land rovers and old cars, and transform them into luxury accommodation. Jim spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about a prank the team played on "lovable rogue" Scotty. The new six-part series follows the antics of a team of carpenters, craftsmen, welders and interior fitters. Using old cars and other vehicles, they make unique living and working spaces. They have created everything from the UK’s longest slip ‘n’ slide to a house out of two double-decker buses. Boss Jim spoke to Express.co.uk about the fun they have on the job. He said: "We turned Scotty's car into a hot tub when he was out on a job. READ MORE: Wheeler Dealers: Dream Car returns - Mike Brewer praises new series "We cut the back off, lined it and filled it with water and painted it gold. "We had a few hours to do it and we were all at it with angle grinders." He explained how Scotty's reaction was not one he would have expected. Jim added: "It was a car we could easily replace and we thought it was going to be a shock, but he loved it. "He saw it and was like 'Oh my god, this is amazing.’ "He stripped off and jumped in and didn't even question it." The prank may seem too good to be true but Jim assured viewers nothing was scripted. He explained: "The thing about the show is it found us, this is who we are. "We just had a camera follow us around for the summer, none of it was scripted. "We are jokers but it's part of the fun for us. DON'T MISS... Car SOS star issues plea to David Beckham for terminally ill car fan [INTERVIEW] Car SOS stars open up on 'worst' project ever completed 'Got it wrong'[INSIGHT] Salvage Hunters star on emotional restoration reveal to widow [INTERVIEW] "We are all best friends and there's no prank that has disrupted the friendship. "It's fantastic and it's lovely to have that trust." Jim admitted he had been on the receiving end of his fair share of pranks. He said: "With me, there has never been anything too awful, you get locked in places a lot. "You go to the Portaloo and then there's a forklift parked in front of it." Jim said these fun moments were vital in making sure the team has some respite. One of the most important parts of the job is gaining the trust of colleagues. He said: "In the winter it's hard work, you have to knuckle down and get on with the job. "You have to step back from the stress and just have fun. "You have to trust your friends as you are under vehicles and using high-pressure power tools that can be dangerous."  Full Metal Junkies premieres at 9pm tonight (March 22) on Quest and will be available to stream on Discovery+