James made his first appearance on Emmerdale as Sam back in 1995 and despite a two-year absence from screens between 1998 and 2000, the character continues to get involved with the drama going on in the village. The actor hasn't been as quiet as his private life as some of his co-stars on the ITV soap, meaning fans have been able to follow his love story away from the Dales. Having been in a long-term relationship for many years now, the soap star is still preparing to walk down the aisle with his wife to be after the couple got engaged back in 2010. The soap actor got down on one knee on Valentine's Day to pop the question to his long-term girlfriend at the time, Nancy Lucas. After 12 years, the pair are still enjoying their drawn-out engagement as they have been very busy with other aspects of their life. Whereas James has consistently been part of some dramatic storylines on the weeknight serial drama, his partner does not appear on-screen in any capacity. In fact, Nancy runs her own dance company in Leeds, where the set of the show is based, called Total Dancer where she manages the business and also teaches. Nancy started this venture back in 2008, two years before her famous other half decided to ask for her hand in marriage. READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode One of the reasons the engagement has lasted so long is that the couple decided they were going to become parents. Their first daughter, Lily, was born almost 15 years ago, just before the pair got engaged but the family expansion didn't stop there. Ava Rose was born six years ago in 2016 but the soap star and his fiancée didn't have the easiest of journeys in welcoming their second bundle of joy into the world. This is because, after two years of trying to get pregnant, the couple decided they were going to go down the route of IVF to give their daughter a little sister. However, they had a stroke of luck as when they finally put in place the plans to begin the process, they fell pregnant naturally. No intervention was needed and they had to stop their IVF journey three months in as they no longer needed to use the process. It was quite a dramatic entrance into the world for Ava Rose as her father was actually on set when she decided to make her arrival. James was notified at 2:30pm about his partner being in labour and just three hours later at 5:30pm he got to the hospital. Talking about the amazing moment they saw their baby girl in an interview, Nancy explained: "She was born after only three pushes! "It only took 10 minutes of pushing and my waters didn't even break until 10 or 11pm. It was all rather quick. "I actually probably could have pushed her out a bit quicker so she arrived on her due date," she added to OK! Magazine. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT]Louise Jameson admits making 'wrong choice' with Emmerdale audition [COMMENT]Steve Halliwell health: Emmerdale star, 76, on heart surgery [COMMENT] It wasn't until just after midnight their youngest daughter was born and James explained it was likely one of the earliest procedures his wife went through when they were preparing for IVF could have helped them. A procedure called hysterosalpingogram was carried out in which a dye is put through the Fallopian tube to check for any blockages. James explained: "The doctor said they get quite a high number of people falling pregnant just after that one very simple procedure. "So it was what we went for first, and then a couple of weeks later we fell pregnant!" Following the birth of their first daughter, they thought about marriage but Nancy commented: "That would be nice. But we thought that when Lily was born – she'll probably end up getting married before us!' With a family of four to look out for now, the actor has spoken out in the past of his worries about being able to provide for them. The actor explained: "I have a family and two children to bring up. My job means stability and paying the mortgage. "I’m having a renaissance period with the show and enjoying it more now than ever. “I’d like to think I’ll be here for a good few years to come. But 25? Yeah, maybe so. If I stayed another 25 years. "I would love to see the Dingle clan still going in 25 years. They will have taken over the village by then, there are so many of them. They’ll be running amok," he told The Mirror. The father of two doesn't shy away from showcasing his little family unit on social media as he occasionally posts about them. In view of his 5,500 followers, he has recently posted pictures of him and his fiancée with their two girls. James has also put up pictures on Instagram of his daughters dressing up for occasions such as Halloween and when the family go for walks. It is not known if the youngsters will follow in their parent's footsteps and become performers in the future. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.