Around 200,000 couples across the country are claiming Child Benefit through the wrong partner, according to a recent Freedom of Information (FoI) request carried out by LCP. The reply from the FoI request came from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and revealed how many Britons are missing out on their full state pension. For each of these families, the higher earner in the household is claiming Child Benefit instead of their partner. As a result, the lower or non-earner is losing out on extremely important National Insurance credits which can bolster their state pension. LCP reports that, in most cases, the lower earner in the couple tends to be a woman which means the gender pension gap is being further exacerbated due to this mistake. Once someone starts receiving Child Benefit for a child under the age of 12, HMRC gives them National Insurance credits for any week they received their benefits support. However, this Child Benefit payment and subsequent credits only goes to the parent who claims the benefit under their name. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Credits are not awarded to both parents despite the fact both may benefit from the benefits support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Couples who find themselves in this situation may be putting their retirement pots in jeopardy due to a common, yet fixable, error. National Insurance contributions are essential for every taxpayer to eventually get the full amount in the state pension. For someone to get this full sum of money, they must have at least 35 years of National Insurance under their belt - although some may get a different amount, such as if they were contracted out. While HMRC does say not every household making this mistake will lose out on the full amount, but those who fail to meet this 35 year threshold could miss out on much of the state pension they are entitled to. For example, someone who is one year short could lose 1/35 of a full pension every week of their retirement. This is the equivalent of £5 per week, £260 per year or £5,200 over twenty years of retirement. Overall, if half of the 200,000 couples impacted by this mistake were affected in this way, the loss each year could be £520million in their collective pension. Steve Webb, a pensions expert and partner at LCP, explained how this mistake could detrimentally impact the livelihoods of families who need this support urgently. Mr Webb said: “Many couples may not realise that simply having the Child Benefit in the name of the higher earner rather than the lower earner could cost them dearly. “National Insurance credits are a vital way of protecting the retirement position of those who spend time caring for others. “The majority of those who are currently missing out are mothers with young children. It is simply unacceptable that they should suffer a pension penalty as a result. “HMRC needs to do much more to make people aware of the impact of the choice over who gets Child Benefit as well as encouraging people to check their National Insurance records where the wrong choice has been made in the past”. While many households may be concerned about the consequences of this common error, there is a way to rectify it. The parent who is the highest earner in the family, who is in receipt of Child Benefit, can transfer National Insurance credits to their lower earning partner. For this to be accomplished, couples need to complete a CF411A form which can be found on the gov.uk website. This form can either be filled in online or physically after being sent via the post. Couples with claims dating back before 2010 must complete a CF411 form instead. Express.co.uk has contacted HMRC asking for comment.