The Duke of Sussex made the decision not to travel to the thanksgiving memorial service, which was attended by the Queen and other royals, over issues about security in the UK. The Duke of Sussex, 37, is currently pursuing legal charges against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal security when visiting the country, despite offering to pay for it himself. The royal's decision was branded "pathetic" by one of Prince Philip's former protection officers, Richard Griffin, who said his reason not to attend was an "excuse". Similar opinions were seen by royal fans on social media who also agreed the Duke should have been at his grandfather's memorial service. Twitter user, nemotoad, said: "With his absence from the ceremony celebrating #PrincePhilip #PrinceHarry showed a blatant disrespect for his grandfather #PrincePhilip and his grandmother, Her Majesty The Queen Elizabeth II".  Another user commented that the prince "will end up regretting the decision" not to attend Prince Philip's memorial. According2Taz wrote: "I feel sad that his own arrogance and petulance is making him miss this important day. He would have had the same security when he came for the funeral so there are no excuses other than to cause hurt & drama". Royal expert Angela Levin tweeted: "Heart warming to see the great grandchildren at Prince Philip's thanksgiving service. Plenty of royals, and hundred of those connected to his charities. No one will forget or forgive he who didn't feel safe." Similarly, royal author Phil Dampier told MailOnline: "It's very sad that Harry and Meghan won't be at Prince Philip's memorial service and I think one day Harry might regret it. READ MORE: ‘Outgoing’ Princess Charlotte compared to Diana - ‘Initially shy’ "He has said that he doesn't feel safe without Scotland Yard security but to me that sounds like an excuse not to come back to the UK and indicates the rift with his blood family is still bad". However, not everyone agreed with the criticism of Prince Harry missing the service and many were more upset about the attendance of Prince Andrew. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu said Prince Harry "has nothing to regret". DON'T MISS: Prince Harry savaged as he skips Prince Philip memorial service reunio [INSIGHT]'Gobsmacking' Andrew's public RETURN sparks royal fury [ANALYSIS]William 'snubs' Harry ahead of Philip memorial [COMMENT] Others pointed out that Prince William missed a similar memorial service for the Queen Mother in 2012 when he and Kate were away on a skiing holiday. Jackiedalle wrote: "Prince William was very much adored by the Queen mother. William didn't attend her memorial service as he and Kate were on a skiing holiday in nearby Europe. There was no outrage then. Fast forward and people are outraged prince harry is not flying all the way from California!" Harry last returned to the UK eight months ago to unveil the statue of his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales in London on July 1 with his brother Prince William. He also returned to the country in April 2021, without Meghan who was pregnant with their second child Lilibet at the time, to attend Philip's funeral at St George's Chapel in Windsor. 