The French president admitted that conversations so far had not caused Putin to rethink his invasion, but has insisted that they will continue. Appearing alongside election rivals on a TV show for channel TF1, Mr Macron said: "I won’t tell you that I’m satisfied with [the results], but we need to continue." Mr Macron's latest call with Putin was on Saturday, March 12. Mr Macron was asked by a host of the show what was left to discuss with Putin as the bloodshed continues. France's leader said: "Our role today... is to try to stop this war without going to war." He added that his aim in their conversations centre on breaking his counterpart's logic while keeping communication open to discuss humanitarian corridors, protection of nuclear power plants and ways to end the conflict. Mr Macron said such dialogue was meant to "prepare peace" for when the war is over. He added: "Europe can’t be safe and at peace if it does not talk to Russia." The French president insisted he had no naivety about the situation, but refused to label Putin a dictator when urged to do so by one of the hosts.  "From where I stand, the most important thing is not to define him," he said. "I’m trying to protect our country from an escalation of war... I won’t be more efficient by insulting or defining him." The comments come as a poll for IFOP-Fiducial 2022 for Paris Match, LCI And Sud Radio shows Mr Macron and far-right candidate Marine Le Pen leading the first round of France's presidential election. The poll, carried out between March 10 to 14, shows Mr Macron winning the election run-off with 58 percent of the vote. After Saturday's 75-minute phone call with Putin, which also involved German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, the western leaders said Russia showed no desire to end the war.  READ MORE ABOUT A FARMER SHOOTING A DOG IN FRONT OF ITS OWNER The exchange formed part of ongoing international efforts to end the war in Ukraine, a German government spokesperson stated. An Élysée Palace official added that Mr Macron and Mr Scholz set a ceasefire as a condition for full negotiations. Diplomatic efforts to end the war geared up on Monday as Ukrainian and Russian negotiators prepared to talk again after both sides cited progress. A Ukrainian negotiator said a fifth round of talks with Russia would resume on Tuesday.  DON'T MISS: Boris Johnson slammed for Saudi Arabia oil proposal [LATEST] Kate’s ‘act of inconvenience’ to Camilla shows affection [REVEALED]  Pippa Middleton 'uninvited' Meghan to her wedding for one reason [REPORT] Russia and Ukraine gave their most upbeat assessments after negotiations last weekend. Ukrainian negotiator Mykhailo Podolyak said in a video online: "Russia is already beginning to talk constructively. I think that we will achieve some results literally in a matter of days."  Leonid Slutsky, a Russian delegate to the talks quoted by the RIA news agency, said they had made significant progress and it was possible the delegations could soon reach draft agreements. Neither side said what these would cover. Three rounds of talks between the two sides in Belarus, most recently on Monday, March 7, had focused mainly on humanitarian issues. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said the countries' delegations have been speaking daily by video link and a clear aim of his negotiators was to do everything to arrange for him to meet Putin. Mr Zelenskiy said in a late night video speech: "We must hold on. We must fight. And we will win."  Russian troops continue to attack Ukraine with two powerful explosions rocking Kyiv on Tuesday, March 15. At least two people were killed, according to local officials. Ukraine reported more air strikes on an airport in the west, heavy shelling on Chernihiv and attacks on the southern town of Mykolayiv. Russia said 20 civilians were killed and 28 wounded by a Ukrainian missile in the eastern city of Donetsk controlled by pro-Russian separatists. Ukraine denied the report. Express.co.uk has been unable to independently verify it. 