Royal protocol has some very strict dress codes which rarely allow for casual wear, but the Duchess of Cambridge has been spotted wearing trousers to a number of royal engagements. Normally seen in A-line skirts and dresses, royal expert Jennie Bond spoke to OK! Magazine about the reasons for her wardrobe update. She said: “Kate is a practical princess and increasingly wears trousers to reflect that she’s ready for business, whether that be kneeling down with kids or sliding down a slide. “She wants to appear approachable, one of the people, not an untouchable figure in the prim dress.” Kate has been seen wearing her newest wardrobe staple at a number of recent appearances. She accompanied her husband Prince William on St David's Day to a farm in Wales sporting black skinny jeans teamed with a green jumper and long coat.  The outfit was both stylish and practical for an outdoorsy trip, allowing her to kneel down and pet the farm’s goats. While in Copenhagen last week, Kate was seen laughing and sliding down a slide at the LEGO Foundation PlayLab in black trousers and a red blazer. Some believe the red colour was a nod to the Danish flag.  READ MORE: Eight Royal Family members whose titles break royal protocol - list During last Saturday's Six Nations clash between rivals England and Wales at Twickenham Stadium, the Duchess of Cambridge's cropped black trousers kept her warm and enabled her to interact more with her eldest son Prince George, who accompanied his parents to the game. Meghan Markle is a fan of the smart trouser and blazer combo, with some believing this may have inspired Kate to switch up her style. To mark World Book Day on March 3 the Duchess shared some of her favourite children’s books, which she enjoys reading to George, 8, and his siblings Princess Charlotte, 6, and Prince Louis, 3.  DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results [READER OPINION]Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? [HAVE YOUR SAY]'What tosh!' Meghan and Harry's 'part-time' royal return plan savaged [REVEAL] Some of their most beloved books include the Katie Morag series and Stig of the Dump. Speaking about another classic, Charlotte’s Web, the Princess said: “An all-time classic and loved in our house for obvious reasons! “This is a charming story about friendship, loyalty and love.” 