 Over the years, many reports have revealed the various nicknames the royals affectionately use for one another including Prince William, the Queen and Princess Charlotte. Now leading historian, Adrian Tinniswood who wrote ‘Behind the Throne: A Domestic History of the British Royal Family’ has said that close friends and staff would refer to Prince Philip as “P.P” to shorten his name.   The historian also added that the Duke was a favourite among staff, a fact also confirmed by actor Matt Smith who played the late Prince consort in The Crown. He said: “If you’ve talked to any of the staff, Philip’s the one they all love really. “I think more than a lot of them, he’s a bit more of a man of the people. “The royal protocol hasn’t dogged him in quite the same way his whole life and there’s a sort of rebellion in him and a naughtiness and a cheekiness.” Philip’s cheeky side earned him a second nickname that caused royal fans to blush.   The Prince was a member of the gentlemen's club, the Thursday Lunch Club which hosted “rip-roaring stag parties” according to a biography on the royal. The Queen’s husband allegedly served a meal to guests wearing only a small apron made of lace which gave him the nickname “the naked waiter”. Other nicknames that are reported to circulate within the royal family are less mischievous and demonstrate close bonds. The Queen has been given a number of nicknames including ‘Cabbage’, ‘Lilibet’, and ‘Gan-Gan’. When Prince George was only two years old, the Duchess of Cambridge revealed in an interview that her son referred to the Queen as “Gan-Gan”. READ MORE:Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason  It is well documented that the monarch has carried the name of Lilibet since she was a child which has now been taken on by the daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex who wished to honour the Queen in naming their child Lilibet. Royal biographer Robert Lacey revealed to The Sunday Times in 2006 that Prince Philip used to call the Queen ‘Cabbage’ which is thought to have come from the French term of endearment ‘mon petit chou’. The phrase translates into English as “my little cabbage” though the French actually means “my little cream puff”. Royal mothers and their children also express their bond through nicknames. DON'T MISS:Brexit POLL: Was a vote for Brexit a vote for freedom? (POLL)Spain holiday chaos: Costa del Sol faces shortages (INSIGHT)Lewis Hamilton accused of 'using the force' on Sergio Perez (REVEAL)  Princess Eugenie refers to her mother Sarah Ferguson as “Mumsie” and Kate refers to Princess Charlotte as ‘Lottie’. Both of which are relatively common. Less traditionally, Princess Diana referred to Prince William as ‘Wombat’ during a royal tour of Australia. In 2007, the Duke of Cambridge said in an interview with NBC that “it began when I was two” and though he did not recall how it came about, he has since been told and reassured it was “not because I look like a wombat, or maybe I do.” 