High blood pressure is diagnosed when blood coursing through the veins exerts too much pressure against the arterial walls. This is dangerous because it can cause a rupture in the vessel or the formation of a clot. Warning signs are scarce, however, which is why the condition is often dubbed “the silent” killer. Blood spots in the eyes, however, could be indicative of high blood pressure, according to one health body. High blood pressure is largely symptomless, but some signs have been inconclusively linked to the condition. According to the American Heart Association, blood spots in the eyes could be a sign of high blood pressure. It should be noted that while these signs may be indirectly related to the condition, they are not always caused by it. The health body explains: “Blood spots in the eyes (subconjunctival haemorrhage) are more common in people with diabetes or high blood pressure, but neither condition causes the blood spots." READ MORE: High blood pressure: Oral bacteria could play a role in a high reading - study It continues: “Floaters in the eyes are also not related to high blood pressure."However, an eye doctor (ophthalmologist) may be able to detect damage to the optic nerve caused by untreated high blood pressure.” The most obvious sign of the eye condition is a bright red patch on the white of the eyes, which, despite its alarming appearance, is painless. According to a 2013 paper published in the medical journal Clinical Ophthalmology, major known causes of the subconjunctival haemorrhage among younger adults include trauma and contact lens usage. The ailment in older adults, however, is more often caused by hypertension, diabetes and atherosclerosis. Another complication indirectly related to high blood pressure could be face flushing, adds the American Heart Association (AHA). The AHA explains: “Face flushing occurs when blood vessels in the face dilate. “In can occur unpredictably or in response to certain triggers such as sun exposure, cold weather, spicy foods wind, hot drinks, and skin-care products. “While facial flushing may occur while your blood pressure is high blood pressure is not the cause of facial flushing.” Adjusting dietary patterns can offer promising results, but it all comes down to knowing which foods to emphasise and which to avoid. Salt is a well-established offender, so foods high in sodium are widely advised against. Fruits and vegetables can have a healthful effect on blood pressure because these foods generally contain high levels of magnesium and potassium. Both nutrients have both been shown to lower hypertension by relaxing the walls of the blood vessels. What’s more, some forms of exercise, such as aerobic exercise, can both lower a blood pressure reading and strengthen the heart. However, certain types of intensive exercise, such as sprinting and weightlifting, should be avoided by hypertensives because they raise blood pressure quickly, putting strain on the heart.