 United have spent £80million on Harry Maguire, £89m on Paul Pogba and £75m on Romelu Lukaku in the last five years alongside many more big-money deals, whilst City and Liverpool have spent plenty too albeit more wisely, with their business helping them pick up multiple trophies each. With Pogba likely to leave on a free transfer in the summer, Rangnick has issued a plea to transfer chiefs ahead of his eventual move to the boardroom in July by pleading with them to spend more logistically in the future. “It’s about having a clear transfer strategy and signing players who fit into that system - and that’s what both clubs (City and Liverpool) have been doing in the last five or six years," Rangnick admitted.  “Under Sir Alex, they were there, but since then there have been quite a few different managers. In order to close the gap to those two clubs, I wouldn’t say we have to do the same thing because we have our own identity as a club. “But professional football is pretty easy. You have to have an identity on how you want to play and how the supporters want to see us play. This has always been attractive, offensive, proactive football, entertaining football. "But from there you must make sure the recruitment is right. You have to be quick enough, fast enough, in the transfer market, knowing the transfer market, and signing the right players in the right moment. Rangnick, 63, came in as interim boss when United fired Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November. Having had just two years' worth of managerial experience in the last 10 years, he will become United's technical director at the end of the season. The German was most recently Lokomotiv Moscow's director of football and played a huge part in the meteoric rise of RB Leipzig in recent years.  But his main aim in the meantime is to ensure United qualify for the Champions League - with Rangnick admitting it could have huge financial ramifications if they do not succeed. “Financially, everybody knows what missing the top four would mean. You would have less money available for your budget and it would be better for all the players and the staff members if you played Champions League next season," Rangnick continued. “It would also maybe make negotiations with new players easier - but this is how it is. Right now it’s up to us to try everything we possibly can to qualify.” 