Molly Mae has created the Instagram account Molly Maison on which she will share images of her gorgeous new home for her fans to lust over. The six-bedroom property boasts a modern white and black hallway. Molly also showed off a light green and gold guest bedroom, set to be turned into a dressing room, and a white and gold ensuite bathroom. With many admiring the interior shots of Molly Mae’s new £4million six-bedroom Cheshire home, the sustainable home-decor brand Lick have pulled together a few simple tips on how to “get the look” in your own home. She told her fans: "A three year search for our first home, which some of you will have followed, has finally come to an end!" READ MORE: Ingenious painting trick to make rooms look bigger and less cluttered - 'colour drenching' She went on: "Having a home account is something that I've always dreamed of doing. "This account will show snippets of our home, this crazy new journey we are embarking on a day to day life within our house." Paint experts have discussed how the look of Molly's new home can be achieved by anyone. Charlotte Cropper, Lick’s International Colour Consultant shared the Lick paint colours which will help to transform your own space to match her contemporary-chic interior. DON'T MISS10 'must-have' kitchen features to 'make life a little easier' [HOME] 'Nicest kitchens I've ever seen': DIY space created with paint [PROPERTY] Stacey Solomon's £384 black toilet is a huge trend [PICTURES] Charlotte Cropper said: "Opt for Lick’s White 01 paint - a pure white with a touch of grey for a contemporary and luxurious look. "For the ultimate wow factor, wrap this colour round the walls and onto the ceiling to really maximise the sense of space. "Pair with Black 02 on the bannister and doors - a rich black with velvet red undertones to create focal points that will gently lead your eyes around the space." Top tip: Add soft touches of wood, marble and gold to inject warmth and connect everything together. Charlotte said: "Monochromatic colours schemes mean one colour that has been tinted or shaded like this gorgeous tonal green living room. This creates a really calming, harmonious and restful space. "Opt for Green 02 on the walls - a blend of sage green and a hint of grey/blue will bring uniqueness to the room. "This soft green has an irresistibly inviting deepness that will come alive when used on the walls. "Pair with White 02 on the ceilings and skirting for a timeless look that will never go out of fashion." Charlotte shared a clever top tip for this look. "Black, gold and green accents will complete the look," she said.