Kate Middleton shares three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, with Prince William. Meghan Markle shares two children, Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor and Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, with Prince Harry. When the Sussex’s first baby was born, former show director at The Baby Show Zoe Bonser predicted how Meghan’s parenting would differ from the Cambridges. Zoe began: “When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex became parents for the first time the world looked on in anticipation of how they would raise the latest addition to the Royal Family – and, if they would copy Harry’s brother and sister-in-law, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. “However, as time progresses it’s clear that Meghan and Kate have both taken different approaches to bringing up their little ones.” While all of their children belong to the Royal Family, their positions within it are unquestionably different. With Prince William being second in line to the throne, Prince George’s royal future is glaringly obvious. READ MORE: Princess Diana led a parenting 'revolution' - 'fun' over 'formal'  Royal Historian Robert Lacey suggested that the eight-year-old found out his fate at the tender age of seven. In his book Battle of Brothers, Lacey stated: “William has not revealed to the world how and when he broke the big news to his son. “Maybe one day George will tell us the story himself. But sometime around the boy's seventh birthday in the summer of 2020 it is thought that his parents went into more detail about what the little prince's life of future royal 'service and duty' would particularly involve.” On the other hand, Meghan and Harry had the luxury of making a decision about their children’s royal future. Therefore, the most “notable” difference between Meghan and Kate’s parenting is that “Meghan takes a much more modern approach”, while Kate “appears to stick to tradition”. Zoe continued: “Meghan trusts in her own decisions and makes her own way when it comes to motherhood, taking influence from others outside of the Royal Family.” This was apparent right from the offset; when Archie was born on May 6, 2019, Meghan “refrained from the day-of-birth photo opportunity”, whereas Kate has greeted the media after all three births. Meghan also opted for a “modern buggy” as opposed to the “classic Silver Cross” used by Kate and William as well as generations of royals. “Another stark difference is of course privacy and the fact that Meghan and Harry want to give baby Archie as normal an upbringing as possible.” Her inspiration on how to be good mother appears to come from none other than her own late mother-in-law Princess Diana, who was known for doing the school run, taking her little princes to Thorpe Park, and competing in school sports days. While Meghan sadly never met her husband’s mother, Diana left a revolutionary legacy with her compassionate and relatable parenting. “Generally, it seems Meghan and Harry strive to follow in Princess Diana’s footprints which has been described as 'very hands-on and nurturing' – it was important to Diana to give her sons as normal life as possible and Meghan appears to feel the same.” But in many ways Meghan and Kate are “similar” parents, according to the expert. “Kate also values quality family time and has broken some traditions – such as sending George to a mixed school, dropping George off at school herself, or having her mum to help in the days after the birth, rather than an army of staff.” The mother of three also takes a lot of pictures of her children herself, “giving her the freedom and power over what is used in public”. Zoe concluded: “Both mums seem totally in love with their children and it’s wonderful to see both Kate and Meghan enjoy their roles – both as mothers and royalty.”