Gemma Cartwright and Jordan Russell were supposed to get married, but had their plans disrupted during the pandemic. They decided to renovate a van instead. The couple used Wayfair to create their dream van conversion to explore the UK and further afield. Gemma and Jordan, 25 and 27, have owned their Vauxhall Vivaro Sportive since August 2020. Gemma said: “We were supposed to get married last August, but the pandemic got in the way. “So we decided to convert a van to occupy our minds whilst waiting for our big day. Wayfair has helped us to create a space where we could escape from the stress of wedding planning, our own little home away from home!” READ MORE: Cruise holiday nightmare: Family shares 'horrid' experience Gone are the days where van holidays might involve a camp bed and rusty old camping chair. Gemma and Jordan’s van is cosy and stylish, giving the couple a little holiday home on wheels. Gemma said: “We love how the colours make the van pop! We would usually choose more neutral colours, so the style that was chosen for us has really given us a different outlook. “We absolutely love it and I think it has really given our camper character. We love the little things that give our camper the ‘finishing touches’ such as the cactus, lamp and cosy lights.” While it might be tempting to focus on the big changes, finishing touches can help a van conversion to feel like home. A gorgeous swing chair could be the perfect chill out spot when van owners have found the best parking spot. Jordan said: “We are planning on visiting Scotland for our next trip. Neither of us have ever been and we are so excited to see some of the amazing sights for ourselves. “Our dream trip is to drive over to Spain, where we have family and friends. We would love to travel through France too!” One beautiful Spanish route takes in northern Spain’s foodie spots including San Sebastian before journeying on down the coast. In France, Britons could travel Brittany if they’re short on time or head to the south if they can fit in a longer trip. Gemma said: “If anything, the lockdown has made us want to travel more. I think, like for many people, the pandemic has made us appreciate life a whole lot more and we can’t wait to go out and start exploring the world again! She added: “Having a cosy space where we can relax is really important to us, however we love the life of outdoor living and would much rather be sat outside sharing evenings with family and friends around the fire pit! “Our camper is great in all weathers. During the summer months we love to spend time outside but equally enjoy being cosy when it’s cooler outside. Extra bedding and hot drinks are a must for the winter.” Van holidays have soared in popularity as more Britons choose staycations over travelling abroad. For great van tips and conversion ideas, check out Wayfair.