The daily Wordle puzzles just keep on coming, with Wordle 278 going live for March 24. And if you've been playing Wordle since the good old days (last October), then the pressure is on to keep that winning streak alive. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, with a selection of spoiler-free hints and clues to ensure you arrive upon the correct answer. Just scroll down to the bottom of the page for the latest hints, and good luck keeping up that winning streak. There's a pretty good chance you already know how to play Wordle, but just in case you're new to the game, here's how the daily puzzle works. The aim of Wordle is to figure out a five letter word in just six attempts. Get it wrong and you'll have to wait until the next day for a new Wordle puzzle. In order to get the right answer, you'll need to pay attention to the colour of the tiles, which will show up in one of three colours. If the tile turns grey, the letter does not appear in the word you are guessing. If the tile turns yellow, the letter you guessed is in the word, just not in the correct position. If the tile turns green, the letter is in the word and in the right place. The app keeps track of your statistics, showing the number of correct answers you've managed, and how quickly you were able to solve today's puzzle - something which can be shared on social media for bragging rights. Read on for the Wordle 278 hints for March 24... General Wordle tips and tricks... • Don't use the same letter twice in your opening guess. • Try to use a couple of vowels in your first guess, particularly 'A' and 'E'. • Avoid letters such as 'X', 'Z' and 'Q' until later on, when you have a better idea what the answer is. • 'CRANE' is a good word to start with, while 'GHOUL' is a decent second guess. • Check out the daily hints provided by Express Online below... Wordle 278 hints and clues... 1. Wordle 278 contains just one vowel. 2. Wordle 278 starts with the letter C. 3. The answer to Wordle 278 is buried deep inside of you. Time to dig it out.