Harold (played by Ian Smith) is one of Neighbours' most beloved characters, having appeared on the show on and off since 1987. The former Ramsay Street resident bowed out of the Channel 5 soap in 2009 in a regular capacity but he has never been forgotten as his name has been associated with the café located on the Lassiters Hotel complex for years. During his time on the programme, the legend was put in a number of perilous situations but he always made it out alive in the end. In a fitting end to the show, he could reveal he is dying and wanted to visit the place he called home for so nay years one final time. Following the news the programme was coming to an end after 37 years last month, it was reported the actor who plays Harold, Ian, had signed up to feature in the final few episodes. Despite production ending in June, which will mean the last instalments will be broadcast in August, the soap star is already back on set. To mark the show's 37th birthday earlier this week, Ian featured in a video posted on the official Twitter page for Neighbours. Standing in front of his character's café, the actor said after letting out a big sigh: "Happy birthday, Neighbours, on your 37th birthday." It is known the soap films scenes three months before they are aired so it is likely Harold will be making his return around June/July time. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Rishi rocked with health scare in Manpreet twist? Writers have been busy planning how many current residents' stories will come to an end but they have also been eager to give updates/bring a close to former characters' lives. In a new theory by Express.co.uk, Harold could reunite with the likes of Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher), Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne), Toadie Rebecchi (Ryan Maloney) and Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis). Although he could come back under the guise he wanted to check on the café since Dipi Rebecchi (Sharon Johal) left Ramsay Street, there could be a more heartbreaking reason he is back. The iconic character could explain to his friends he is dying and only has a few short weeks left to live and he would like to spend his time taking a trip down memory lane. One of the final scenes of the finale could be Harold passing away surrounded by his loved ones, marking the end of the programme as well. Harold's death would look back on the past, living in the moment in the present and looking ahead to the future as some newer characters pay tribute to the character once he dies. This is how the writers and producers have wanted the show to end after the news Channel 5 had pulled its funding of the show. Executive producer, Jason Herbison said of the finale: "Ramsay Street is eternal and I like to think it will live on in the hearts and minds of the viewers, long after the final scene. "I would never, ever blow it up. "The ending will be a celebration of the past and the present, with the door very much left open for a future," he told TV Tonight. DON'T MISS...James Martin hits back at claims of ‘backstabbers’ amid celeb chefs [COMMENT]Michelle Keegan abs: Actress' surprising diet secret she swears by [ANALYSIS]Stacey Solomon confused after her outfits spark bizarre comparisons [COMMENT] Jason also touched upon bringing some former Ramsay Street residents back into the drama before the show ends this summer. The executive producer explained: "One of my great joys has been to bring back many former characters in recent years, which is something the show seemed reluctant to do prior. "So I'm definitely hoping some of these faces return along with others we haven't been able to lure back until now. "I feel very strongly that the end must equally be a celebration of the current cast. Karl, Susan, Toadie and Paul have earned a very rightful place, front and centre." These four characters could be the ones who help Harold look back on the past, having been at the very core of the programme over the past 37 years. Speaking on ITV's This Morning last month, the actor who plays Karl, Alan, discussed Ian's return to the programme as Harold. The soap star said: "I can't give away any spoilers on that yet but that's going to be the joy of those last episodes. Just sitting there and going 'oh look who's here!' "I do know that it has been announced the wonderful Harold Bishop will return to Ramsay Street towards the end of the show. "Someone from Karl's sordid past is definitely coming back and there are many, many other names in the pot. "I can assure you that the producers are working very, very hard to try and entice some of the most loved characters from Neighbours to at least make some appearances," he added, so could Harold also be the instigator behind the face from Karl's past returning to Ramsay Street? Fans are certainly eager to see Harold again and want to know what he has been up to during his time away from Ramsay Street. Taking to Twitter, viewer Gari wrote: "I'm going to miss Harold the most." Let's All Have A Disco posted: "Looks like Harold and Scott will be returning for the big #Neighbours finale." Natalie added: "So glad we'll get to see Harold one last time. If this is really the end, they should have Scott and Charlene buy Sheila's house and they literally just show up in the last scene moving back into the old Robinson house #Neighbours #SaveNeighbours." Will viewers be shedding a few tears if Harold does end up dying? Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5.