It’s no secret that greasy, processed foods are bad for your skin, but is a healthy diet alone really enough to keep your skin nourished? While lotions and potions are one way to cleanse your skin, eating the right foods for your skin type is crucial to enrich your complexion from within. Whether your skin is dry, oily, or combination, these are the six foods you should be eating - and some of them may surprise you. While your daily skincare routine is an essential part of caring for your skin, your diet is another key component when it comes to preventing breakouts, irritation and inflammation. If you want to take your skincare to the next level, it’s time to look at enhancing the effects of your topical treatments. The food you eat can make a huge difference to the clarity and appearance of your skin, but it comes down to more than just avoiding greasy, rich cuisines. Surprisingly, some oily foods and even dark chocolate can help you achieve supple, glowing skin, but what are the best ingredients for your skin type? READ MORE: Weight loss: 'Avoid cravings' and shed 20lbs in 12 weeks There are endless myths about oily skin, with everything from facials to oily serums viewed as the enemy by those of us with a shiny complexion. Modern research has debunked many of these claims, finding that some facial oils can actually help to counteract the skin's natural oil production, but did you know that the same applies to oily foods? According to the experts at skincare brand Byoma, foods with anti-inflammatory oils have been found to counteract oil production in the skin - and there are plenty of everyday ingredients which serve this exact purpose. These rich products can also improve your gut microbiome, which is crucial to reduce unhealthy gut bacteria which has been linked to a range of inflammatory skin conditions such as acne and psoriasis. While lathering olive oil on your skin might seem like the most direct way to reap the benefits, dermatologists including Dr Muneeb Shah and Dr Alexis Stephens have warned against it on their TikTok platforms. Another oily food that can counteract oily skin is oily fish – including tuna, salmon, mackerel, and herring. The powerhouse ingredient known as EPA is responsible for the impressive oil-fighting capabilities of these fish, but what exactly is it? The team at Byoma said: “EPA is a type of Omega-3 which regulates the hormones in our body that are responsible for stress, which can lead to oil production. “EPA can also reduce inflammation in the body, which is also often caused by stress.” If you’re a vegetarian or vegan, taking omega-3 supplements is a great way to mimic the natural benefits of oily fish. DON'T MISS:Boots shoppers praise £2 Garnier mask that ‘left skin soft and plump' [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle’s skincare secrets: Duchess shares her top tips [REVEAL]'I don't shine!' Dr Zoe Williams addresses limits on This Morning [INSIGHT] Dry skin craves moisture and oil to compensate for the low production of natural oils, ceramides and lipids - the skin’s natural fatty acids that keep it plump and hydrated. Healthy fats are a key food group for people with dry, irritable skin, so think avocados, nuts and seeds to improve the suppleness and plumpness of your complexion. Nuts and seeds are well known as some of the best sources of healthy monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats. They supercharge your skin by boosting the essential moisture barrier, which helps to lock in the ceramides and lipids found in many topical products - especially those with hyaluronic acid Almonds are a great choice for especially dry skin because they’re high in magnesium and vitamin E - both of which are known to boost your skin’s moisture from the inside out. Walnuts also have fats that can draw moisture in from the air, giving you a dewy, soft complexion. Certain fruits and vegetables are packed with ingredients that hydrate dry skin. Guava is the most vitamin C-rich food, with kiwi fruit and bell peppers also high on the list. Topical vitamin C is well-known for a host of benefits including skin brightening, hydration, anti-ageing, and fighting sun damage, but it can sometimes be too irritating for dry and sensitive skin types. Eating your vitamin C can provide your skin with some of these benefits without the added side effect of irritation. If you have combination skin which is both oily and dry, there are plenty of ingredients which can satisfy all of your skincare needs. While chocolate is often avoided in a bid to achieve a flawless complexion, its antioxidant properties are enough to justify the dairy and sugar in this sweet treat. Dark chocolate can supercharge your SPF as a result of its high antioxidant levels, so switch your milk-chocolate treats for the more refined kind for an added layer of protection from UV rays. Its ingredient, EGCG, can limit the production of androgens – hormones that can increase your sebum production. It also revives dying skin cells, meaning sufferers of dry, flaky, or ageing skin can rejoice.