Cleaning Mrs Hinch, real name Sophie Hinchliffe, rose to fame on social media several years ago when she started to share cleaning hacks. With more than 4.4 million followers, the Instagram sensation has turned to sharing more of her day to day life, and her fans now share their own tips and tricks on dedicated Facebook pages, including how to remove sweat stains from items of clothing. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to get sweat stains out of the armpit area of her shirts. Becky Leigh wrote: “Top tips on getting deodorant stains out of shirts please?” Washing that white t-shirt to remove sweat stains from the armpit area won’t do the trick. Sweat contains urea, a compound which reacts with salts to create a yellow mark. READ MORE: Cleaning: How to remove yellow stains from pillows - ‘my holy grail’ Urea mixes with deodorant which will make the stain even worse unfortunately. So what is the remedy? How do you banish these yellow stains from clothes? Sweat patches are often unavoidable, but the smelly, yellow stains they develop into can “easily” be removed, according to Mrs Hinch fans. The most common solution was to soak shirts in white vinegar. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to remove toilet limescale [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [EXPERT] June Mangan said: “White vinegar will easily shift the stains.” Charlie Freeman commented: “Leave your shirts soaking in white vinegar for at least 20 minutes and the stains should be gone. It’s magic” Karen Hogan advised: “Spray white vinegar on both sides of the stain and leave for 15 minutes, then wash as normal. So easy.” Sally Picker wrote: “I’ve done this with school shirts and work shirts, apply white vinegar to wet shirts and leave on for 10 to 15 minutes and then wash as normal. It comes out good as new.” Debbie Dixon suggested: “Soak in half a cup of hot water and white vinegar. Works amazingly.” Nicki Walsh added: “Make sure the shirt is completely wet, then apply white vinegar to the stained areas and leave to sit for 20 minute. One the time is up wash as normal.” White vinegar is great for removing stains as well as deodorising items of clothing. It can be purchased from Asda for only 29p. Other Mrs Hinch fans also suggested using white vinegar, but including baking soda too. Rachel Fraser said: “White vinegar and baking soda used together work well to remove sweat stains.” Fiona Richards commented: “I spray the insides of my sweaty teenagers’ t-shirts with a mixture of white vinegar and baking soda, then wash as usual and the results are amazing.” Amanda Hutton added: “Using a toothbrush rub some baking soda mixed with white vinegar onto the stains and it should remove it in no time.”