The Palace announced in a statement: "After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, The Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty at the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on Monday. The Queen will continue with other planned engagements, including in person Audiences, in the week ahead." The service would have been the 95-year-old monarch's first in-person public engagement since she was advised to rest by her doctors. Elizabeth, who has recently recovered from a bout of Covid, hoped to join Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at an important occasion in the royal calendar. Buckingham Palace has also revealed another member of the royal family contracted Covid after the Queen, Charles and Camilla all recently tested positive for the virus and later returned to royal duties. He said: "The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will no longer attend, following the duke's positive test for Covid.  "The Queen's Commonwealth Day message will be distributed in the usual way." The head of state returned to in-person events on Monday when she welcomed Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to Windsor Castle for an audience. During her meeting with Mr Trudeau, the Queen was not pictured with the walking stick she has been using of late and the pair shared a joke at the start of their meeting. The monarch tested positive for Covid on February 20. Buckingham Palace said at the time she was experiencing "mild cold-like symptoms".  READ MORE ABOUT THE UNEARTING OF POSSIBLE NUCLEAR TARGETS IN THE UK  Elizabeth last met a group of people in public on February 5 when she hosted a reception at her Sandringham home for local charity workers, volunteers and former staff from her Sandringham estate. Concerns were raised about the Queen's health when she spent a night in hospital last October, missed a string of events and was advised to undertake light duties by doctors. She had only returned to something approaching normal working practices just before contracting Covid-19. Palace officials have said Elizabeth has been fully vaccinated and has received a booster shot.    DON'T MISS: Sky News reporter takes on Lavrov over hospital tragedy [LATEST] Princess Diana’s wedding dress designer was ‘HORRIFIED’ by gown [REVEALED] Royal Family LIVE: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move [REPORT] News of the Queen pulling out of the service comes as a spokeperson for the Duke of Sussex confirmed he will miss his grandfather the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service. Harry will not return to the UK from the US to join the royal family at the high-profile occasion in Westminster Abbey on March 29.   The spokesperson added that the Duke hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon. Harry has pursued a legal challenge against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the same degree of personal protective security when visiting from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. He was last in London in the summer of 2021. A legal representative has since said his security was compromised after his car was chased by paparazzi photographers as he left a charity event. The Commonwealth, known as the "family of nations", has played an important role throughout the monarch's reign and she takes a special interest in the institution. Highlights of the service at Westminster Abbey on Monday include an address by the former archbishop Lord Sentamu, a reflection by young Tongan leader Elizabeth Kite and special musical performances from Emeli Sande and Mica Paris.  Commonwealth Day has not been celebrated in person since 2020 when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their last public appearance with senior royals before stepping down as working members of the monarchy and moving to North America. Guests among the 1,500 strong congregation will include Princess Alexandra, Prime Minister Boris Johnson, the Commonwealth Secretary-General Baroness Scotland, High Commissioners, Ambassadors, senior politicians and dignitaries from across the UK and Commonwealth, faith leaders and more than 600 school children and young people. The service will feature the world premiere of the musical piece Beacon of Brightest Light, inspired by the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and composed by Debbie Wiseman. It will begin with a procession of Commonwealth Flags with members of the royal family expected to meet people involved in the service at the end.  