Former Friends actress Jennifer Aniston took to Instagram on International Women's Day yesterday to pay tribute to the bravery of the women of Ukraine. Praising their "heroic fighting" spirit, and in view of almost 40 million followers urged "the world is behind you". Posting a series of pictures on her account, including a visually arresting photo of an elderly woman squinting in anticipation of pulling the trigger on a gun, and crowds protesting in the streets with anti-Putin placards in their hands, the 53-year-old spoke on the tragedy. "Thinking about the women and girls in Ukraine and around the world who are heroically fighting for their country and people today — as soldiers, as mothers, as organizers, as refugee caretakers, as protesters, as journalists," she mused. "To these women risking their lives in Ukraine and in neighboring countries: you’re incredible and the whole world is behind you." She then addressed her followers, empathising: "I know it’s difficult to figure out what the best ways to support are, so I’m linking some resources and ways to join in supporting these women through donations here (and in my stories!!)" READ NOW: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star She added the hashtag "#InternationalWomensDay". Jennifer listed Come Back Alive as a worthy organisation to support - "[one] that allows you to donate to directly support the Ukrainian soldiers with immediate necessities, food, supplies (www.comebackalive.in.ua/donate)⁣". She also named @wckitchen, which "is running food across borders 24/7 for families (primarily women and children) in Ukraine - and also providing food to refugee camps in neighboring countries like Poland and Romania: (www.wck.org)." "@careorg is focusing on supporting women and families with emergency food, water shelter, hygiene kits: (www.care.org)," she added. Finally, the actress recommended @redcrossukraine, which "is supporting with food, shelter and medical aid to families who have stayed in Ukraine: (www.redcross.org.ua/donate)." Besides the heart-wrenching images of suffering and protesting, some positivity remained in Jennifer's curated image selection. One photo showed a soldier in camouflage uniform presenting a smiling woman with a bouquet of flowers while others looked on fondly. Another showed masked women distributing supplies such as toilet paper to crowds. DON'T MISS... Carol Vorderman, 61, reacts to Cambridge University's verdict on pics [REACTION] Rachel Riley fumes Russian men can 'stick their flowers this year' [LATEST] ‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence [INSIGHT]  In another photo, a group of five female fighters shared an embrace for the camera, managing broad grins in spite of the regime of terror they are experiencing during the war. Meanwhile, in a symbol of female power, a woman's bright multicoloured fingers clutched a gun, ready to fight to defend the nation she loved. ⁣The post attracted well over 1.5 million likes in a matter of hours, while grateful fans flooded the post with warm wishes to the women of war-torn Ukraine. "That certainly puts it in perspective," replied @brianbowensmith admiringly. "Thank you for your voice." @mawseed1 spoke on behalf of her nation when she told the Friends actress: "Jennifer, the women of Ukraine thank you and love you with all their free hearts." @thetrillionairlife simply wrote: " Happy International Women's Day."