Ajax boss Erik ten Hag has already asked what the dressing room atmosphere is like at Manchester United ahead of a potential switch to the Red Devils in the summer, according to reports.  Ralf Rangnick took over from Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in December after a poor run of results from the Norwegian saw his contract terminated. The German has fared relatively well in his time in the dugout, although United are slipping further away from Champions League qualification under his control. But with his interim contract up in July, United chiefs are already searching for a long-term replacement to come in and resolve the mediocrity they have endured over the last eight years. Ten Hag has been earmarked as a potential successor to the Old Trafford throne alongside Paris Saint-Germain manager Mauricio Pochettino. And the Dutchman has already been asking about the state of the dressing room camaraderie in the hopes of making the switch, according to the Times. The report claims that Ten Hag has already been asking the United squad what the dressing room morale is like via third party sources. Ten Hag, 52, wants to learn as much about the squad and hierarchy because he knows he is a strong candidate for the job. And by having a background check on the squad harmony, the former centre-back will be able to make an informed decision on whether he would be willing to take the job or not. He faces competition from former Tottenham boss Pochettino, who was dumped out of the Champions League on Wednesday night. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move [GOSSIP]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice ready to lead young duo[COMMENT]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT]  But it would appear Ten Hag is favourite after reportedly holding 'preliminary talks' with United over the upcoming vacancy. The Haaksbergen-born boss took charge of Ajax in 2017 after a superb stint at FC Utrecht, where he took 'Utreg' to the Europa League in 2016-17. Since then, the Amsterdam-based outfit have won two domestic doubles under his guidance and fared extremely well on the continental scene.   Ajax were arguably the Champions League's most impressive outfit in 2018-19, where they beat Real Madrid and Juventus on the way to the Champions League semi-final against Tottenham. Ten Hag's men took a 3-0 aggregate lead into the second-half of their second leg against Pochettino's men at the Johan Cruyff Arena, with many believing they already had one foot in the final. But a Lucas Moura hat-trick sent the Lilywhites into ecstasy as the north London side progressed in the most dramatic of circumstances.