Sam Elliott stars in the Yellowstone prequel Y:1883 on Paramount+ which finished airing its first-ever series last month. He had the mammoth task of guiding the group along the Oregon Trail and wasn't one to suffer fools lightly. Nevertheless, Shea was someone they could all rely on but in the end, it all got too much for him. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Y: 1883.Pinkerton agent Shea may have been a hard nut to crack but this was partly due to his past trauma. Both his beloved wife and daughter were killed by smallpox which was a far more serious illness in the 19th Century. After arriving at the ocean one year later, Shea decided he wanted to be with his family again. So having fulfilled his duties, Shea killed himself with the echoes of a gunshot heard as the camera panned away from him. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Actor Elliott is married to Hollywood actress Katharine Ross who has starred in a number of iconic films. The 82-year-old was Elaine Robinson in The Graduate, Ella Place in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and Joanna Eberhard in The Stepford Wives. Ross and Elliott met in 1978 while filming the horror film The Legacy in London where they played a couple who were among a group of guests being terrorised at an English estate. When they met, Ross was already married to her fourth husband actor Gaetano Lisi. Her previous three husbands were actor Joel Fabiani, John Marion and cinematographer Conrad L Hall. She divorced Lisi in 1979 and started dating her on-screen co-star Elliott. They married in 1984 and later that same year, had daughter Cleo Rose who is now 38-years-old. Their daughter works as a model, musician and singer, having released her first album No More Lies in 2008. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? [THEORY]Yellowstone: Kevin Costner pays tribute to woman 'who changed my life' [TRIBUTE]Yellowstone’s Kevin Costner issues warning about future of series [WARNING] Due to their busy schedules, the couple usually split their time between homes in California and Oregon. Talking to AARP about making a marriage work, Elliott said: "We have a common sensibility, but we also work at being together. "You work past the s**t, you don't walk away from it. That's how relationships last." While Elliott's Shea won't be back in 1883, the prequel is going to be returning to Paramount+. The streaming service has ordered for additional episodes to be made of 1883. But there has been no talk of a second series coming out which has left fans confused. Writer Taylor Sheridan told Deadline he wanted to "peak through the window of a different era" which is bound to be referencing the recently announced 1932 prequel. So could this mean that this is the end of 1883 with only a few more episodes left to come out? Y: 1883 is available to watch on Paramount+ in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.