The North East Somerset MP was appointed Brexit Opportunities Minister in the latest Cabinet reshuffle – what one source close to the Prime Minister told the BBC was believed to be a “proper economic role”. But Brexiteer Ben Habib suggested the Minister has a bumpy road ahead of him. This was not because of the impact of Britain leaving the EU itself but, rather, a result of the UK-EU trade agreements negotiated and signed by the Government since Brexit. The businessman and former Brexit Party MEP told Express.co.uk Whitehall has been played by Brussels officials since 2016 who have worked hard to keep Britain burdened by damaging regulations. Mr Habib said: “The EU's raison d'être is to pass regulations and this they do with great enthusiasm. “Regulations act as a brake on growth and burden the economy with costs. “As far as economic benefits are concerned, Brexit's key opportunity was in ditching these regulations. "This seems to have been lost on our negotiators when the Brexit deals were being struck.” Key examples of Brexit being squandered lie in the EU-UK Withdrawal Agreement, signed in January 2020, and the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, signed in the December of the same year. These, Mr Habib stressed, “bind the UK into close regulatory alignment with the EU in very nearly all matters except financial services”. Because Britain’s fate out of the EU has already been signed through these agreements – agreements which Mr Habib reminds Whitehall are “bound into it under international treaty” – Mr Rees-Mogg is not free to pursue any Brexit opportunity he wishes. READ MORE: Facebook will not remove 'violent' posts 'targeting Russian invaders' One recent example of this was the announcing, in a document titled the “Benefits of Brexit”, that the plan to scrap two retained EU regulations for each one created was scrapped because it was not “consistent with… achieving net zero”. The commitment to reach net zero by 2050 was signed into law through the 2020 Trade and Cooperation Agreement, thus preventing ministers, whether in this Government or in any other that follows it, to change track without breaching the treaty. Mr Habib laid out the situation that faces Mr Rees-Mogg plainly: “We have bound ourselves into a so-called Level Playing Field on state aid, competition, employment and environmental matters. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] "The non-regression provisions prevent us from reversing our position in these matters, including, for example, the drive to net zero by 2050. This is a tragedy. “The cost of delivering net zero is a staggering £1.4trillion. It is going to undermine our national finances. “It is also going to undermine efforts to level up the country. The working class will not be able to cope with all the costs being foisted on them.” But regardless of the potential damage, nothing above-the-books can now be done. Where positive efforts can be pursued, Mr Habib told the Brexit Opportunities Minister to “get on and do it”. Most of these, he added, lie in the financial services.