State pension payments underwent a 3.1 percent increase this year, as the triple lock was temporarily suspended. However, the policy is set to return next year, reitterated by the latest announcement directly from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Last night, the Work and Pensions Secretary Therese Coffey, confirmed the Government remains committed to the triple lock for the remainder of Parliament. This is likely to be great news for those who feared the removal of the triple lock policy for good. Dr Coffey was probed on the matter by her Labour counterpart Jonathan Ashworth, who asked: “Will she rule out breaking the triple lock for a second year in a row? She did not give that guarantee at the despatch box.” The Secretary responded: “The honourable gentleman asked multiple questions, and I did answer at least one of his questions earlier. But the answer is yes, I do make that commitment.” READ MORE: ‘How will they survive?!’ Pensioners may be £1,000 ‘in the red’ Pensioners are likely to be reassured by the triple lock promise, especially in the face of a cost of living crisis and soaring inflation. Although there may be financial challenges in the short-term, experts have suggested there could be a lot to look forward to when it comes to the state pension. Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said: “Looking ahead, there’s a good chance that state pensioners will be in for a bumper increase in April 2023. “The Bank of England’s latest prediction is that inflation might reach eight percent in the Spring and could be even higher later in the year. DON'T MISSState pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [ANALYSIS]Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement [EXCLUSIVE] “The April 2023 increase will include inflation till September 2022, which could then be near its peak of eight percent or above. “The triple lock will pay this, or even more if earnings growth is higher again. “Without any Government tinkering, this could put state pensioners on target for a bumper eight percent plus increase in 2023, potentially the highest increase ever, compensating for the relatively low increase this April.” Despite this, Mr Cameron acknowledged a year could be a long time for some to wait to “catch up”.  Indeed, sadly some will not live to see the increases which could be on the horizon. However, there may be an opportunity looming for the Chancellor Rishi Sunak to provide further support. Mr Sunak is delivering his spring statement in lieu of the usual Budget tomorrow, and it is hoped a helping hand will be extended to pensioners. Mr Cameron added: “One approach would be to offer a higher state pension increase this April in return for a lower rise next April.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “For example, he could raise this year’s increase by 2.5 percent to 5.6 percent, but then pay 2.5 percent less than whatever the triple lock rise would have been next April. “If as is being predicted price inflation were eight percent next September, and if this were above earnings, state pensioners would still receive 5.5 percent next April. “While this would come at a cost to the Chancellor for the coming tax year, it would be financially neutral in later years as the state pension from April 2023 would be the same as it would have been. “But in the meantime, state pensioners would have benefitted from an extra 2.5 percent, or around £4.50 a week for someone on the full state pension.”