Dr Michael Mosley recently revealed his ultimate diet tip for an effective weight loss journey. Many consider the food a very "tasty" addition to any meal. What is it? During an interview with podcast series Just One Thing, Dr Mosley said that many people are not aware that eating fermenting foods speeds up the weight loss process, and most importantly helps stay healthy. But what are fermented foods? Fermented foods are those that have been through the fermentation process, in which bacteria and microorganisms play a major role. Through fermentation, sugar is consumed. Bacteria found in these foods add healthy diversity to the microbiome - the body’s own bacteria - which is essential for good health. READ MORE: Weight loss: Burn belly fat fast by changing cardio schedule  Therefore, foods that contain intestine-friendly bacteria help to keep the digestive system in good shape, which helps maintain healthy body weight. Diets rich in fermented foods have been proven to help with weight loss and reduce inflammation, among other benefits. Michael Mosley said: “I make my own sauerkraut and kimchi and we also make kombucha.” Fermented foods include: Kefir, sauerkraut, tempeh, natto, cheese, kombucha, miso, kimchi, sauerkraut, probiotic yogurt.  Can you make your own sauerkraut? Healthy lifestyle influencer Lacey Baier explained in her blog A Sweet Pea Chef: "If you cut raw cabbage into fine pieces and ferment it, you end up with sauerkraut. Tasty, tart sauerkraut!" Slimmers "should eat about a tablespoon daily to get the gut benefits from sauerkraut," she said. Lacey continued: "This is easily done by adding a small portion to your plate at dinner time. Doing so is known to aid in digestion and prevent constipation. "Sauerkraut is low in calories and high in fibre, so why not give it a try? "A lot of people top a hotdog with sauerkraut, use it when making Reuben sandwiches. There are a ton of other ways to eat it, too. It’s pretty versatile really when you consider it’s made from the simple cabbage! Making your own sauerkraut is the best idea." How to make sauerkraut Lacey explained: "Cabbage is finely chopped or shredded. Once placed in a bowl, sea salt is massaged into the cabbage for about five minutes. "Then, it’s set aside for about 20 minutes while a brine forms. The cabbage and resulting brine are added to a mason jar. Air pockets are a no-no, because harmful bacteria may form in the space. The cabbage and brine have to be well packed, and the brine must cover the cabbage. "The top is always placed loosely so that fermentation can take place, and bubbles can form. After sitting at room temperature, out of the sunlight for about a month, the sauerkraut should be ready. The brine will be cloudy, and the sauerkraut will be a dull colour." Michael Mosley recently shared some tips with Express.co.uk on how to stay motivated while following a diet plan. Dr Mosley highlighted that in order to succeed, support from friends and family is essential. He said: "There is a huge amount of research and evidence supporting the idea that if you want to lose weight, it is really, really important that you have the support of your friends, your family, or some other wider community. Everyone experiences ups and downs in life, and as long as you have support and someone you can turn to, then you're much more likely to succeed."