The world of football has taken action against Russia after the country launched its invasion into Ukraine last week. UEFA has moved the Champions League final, which will take place in May, to Paris having initially planned to hold the game in St Petersburg. Spartak Moscow were also removed from the Europa League with RB Leipzig advancing to the quarter-finals. UEFA has also terminated a sponsorship deal worth £33.5million a year with Russian energy company Gazprom.  On Monday night, FIFA ruled that Russia will be suspended from international football, meaning the country will likely be excluded from this year's World Cup in Qatar. However, football's governing body was condemned for its initial decision to allow Russia to play, but under the name of Russian Football Union and at a neutral venue. Conservative MP Damian Green, a member of the Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, told Express.co.uk that UEFA's response was far better than FIFA's, arguing that the latter organisation did not have as “realistic” a view on the conflict as it should. On the decision to move the Champions League final, he said: "I welcome that decision. It was the minimum that could be done, it was done quickly which is good. “It shows that UEFA has got a more realistic view of what should be done than FIFA who I think just hope that the world will just carry on. "Just as the rest of us have to realise that this is a significant change to our lives and the way we react to Russia, football also has to do that. “UEFA has taken one step towards doing that when FIFA hasn't." Mr Green also said FIFA's initial measures against Russia represented a "shameful response". On FIFA's handling of the issue, he added: "I think that is unbelievably feeble and taking the example of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) that allows Russia, despite all of the doping scandals, to participate in games as long as they are called the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC). "It's exactly the same cop out that the IOC went for. I think it's just unacceptable in the current climate. READ MORE: Putin braces for sport world revolt as Russia paying war price “I hope other countries follow the example of the English FA and more importantly the Polish FA in saying we won't play them. "That essentially dares FIFA to say 'ok we will award games to Russia'. “That would mean the World Cup wouldn't be played, I would very much hope that other countries that have qualified wouldn't participate in a World Cup with Russia." Asked if Russia should be banned, Mr Green responded: "Yes, a country that wages war against another country can't be allowed to have normal sport. "That would be the kind of symbolic gesture that would bring home to the Russian people that their government is driving them away from normal life and the big events in international sport. "It's pretty shameful for FIFA that they have not come to that conclusion when F1 instantly decided that the Russian Grand Prix couldn't take place." English football came together last weekend to show support for Ukraine. DON'T MISS Spartak Moscow 'extremely upset' as UEFA kick club out of Europa [INSIGHT] FIFA and UEFA make joint statement with Russia kicked out of World Cup [ANALYSIS] UEFA 'to kick Russian side Spartak Moscow out of Europa League' [INSIGHT] On Saturday, Everton players took to the pitch in their match against Manchester City with Ukrainian flags draped over them. City players also wore shirts with 'no war' written across the front. Everton's Vitaliy Mykolenko and City's Oleksandr Zinchenko shared an emotional embrace during the warm ups, greeted with applause from the fans. West Ham, who played Wolves on Sunday, showed support for their Ukraine winger Andriy Yarmolenko. Captain Declan Rice held aloft a shirt with Yarmolenko's name and number on the back. The Hammers have given Yarmolenko time off following his homeland being invaded Chelsea and Liverpool showed their support for the people of Ukraine before the Carabao Cup final. Chelsea captain Cezar Azpilicueta and Liverpool counterpart Jordan Henderson carried wreaths in the yellow and blue colours of Ukraine when they emerged from the tunnel.