Princess Anne was a vision in green today as she was pictured on Cheltenham Racecourse on the second day of the horse racing festival. The royal is often seen wearing green coats, suggesting the hue is her favourite colour. Princess Anne is a fan of horses and competed in horse races herself when she was younger. It is no surprise, therefore, that she attended the second day of the Cheltenham Festival today, March 16, despite the rain. The royal was pictured sheltering from the bad weather underneath an umbrella, looking sophisticated in a green and black coat. The coat was a forest green and made from a textured wool material. READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent the build up of stains It featured a velour collar and pockets in a darker shade of green. The coat’s buttons were also a darker hue of green and ran down the centre of the garment. Anne competed the outfit with a pair of brown suede gloves and a matching brown leather handbag. As for jewellery, she wore a pair of simple pearl earrings and two brooches. DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ketchup trick to remove toaster stains [TIPS]Bedroom interior design trends to avoid - ‘can set a bad tone’ [EXPERT] One brooch was gold and in the shape of a horse, which she had positioned underneath her coat’s collar. The other, pinned to her coat’s left lapel, wash in the shape of a shield. Anne has been seen wearing the brooch on multiple occasions in the past. In June 2007, she donned the brooch with an all-turquoise outfit for Ladies Day of Royal Ascot. In June 2019, she wore the brooch again for the second day of Royal Ascot, this time pinning the piece on the ribbon of her hat. The Princess has owned the brooch since the 1980s and it seems to be one of her favourite accessories to wear to the Races, both Cheltenham and Royal Ascot. Anne’s outfit today was similar to one she wore to the Cheltenham Festival back in 2019. At the time, the royal opted for a bottle green coat with colour-clashing navy blue and maroon pockets and collar. Again, she had pinned the horse brooch underneath her collar, at the coat’s neckline. Princess Anne is a fan of green as she owns many coats in the hue. In December last year, the former equestrian donned a mint green wool coat to attend the Sovereign Parade at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in Camberley, Surrey. She had worn the coat on multiple occasions in the past, having owned it since 2015.