Incorporating home features which make properties stand out from others has never been more important as the number of residential properties being sold in England last year increased by 10 percent, according to the Office for National Statistics. Of course homeowners can add extensions to their home to add property value, but even small changes “instantly” add value to a house, according to Elaine Penhaul, interior expert and founder of Lemon and Lime Interiors. The home stager explained that artwork adds value to your home by evoking an emotional response in buyers. Whether homeowners rent a fancy large-scale abstract or display an eclectic mix of smaller prints, it certainly doesn't have to be an original Monet to leave a lasting impression. Elaine believes that when it comes to adding value to a home, there's no better way than hanging some artwork, which with the right furnishings can add around 15 percent to an offer value. As the average UK house price now stands at £278,123, according to Halifax, adding pieces of artwork can increase property value by up to £47,718.45. READ MORE: Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less The interior expert said: “If you’re looking for an instant way to improve the saleability of your home value, then invest in artwork. “It helps to offer homebuyers an immediate sense of homeliness, and will help your home stand out.” Similarly to the smell of freshly baked bread, art-filled walls make people feel at home. Elaine went on to say that artwork can also illustrate a luxurious and stylish lifestyle, and that art speaks a “universal language”. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [TIPS]How to prune hydrangeas: Common mistake when cutting hydrangeas [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Using rusty nails is ‘vital’ to revive dying plants [EXPERT] As for where to put your gorgeous prints, she recommends displaying art in the hallway to make a striking first impression, or in entertaining spaces, like the dining room or kitchen. For those wondering how to display pictures in an entryway for maximum impact, the collaged effect of a gallery wall adds lots of personality and a real wow factor to staircases, drawing the eye up. In the dining room, homeowners might want a single large print that gets people talking. Elaine noted that art not only tells a story, making a home feel more “human”, but also resonates with buyers and sellers who associate with it a familiar memory or location. Similarly, Annica Wallin, Executive Creative Director at Desenio explained that artwork holds a vital part in making a first impression when people view a home. She said: “Art often makes the first impression when someone visits a home for the first time. “It’s a great way to refresh an empty space. “The versatile qualities of a framed print also allow for easy changes within the home. “Simply changing a frame, or repositioning a print, can give a room a whole new look without having to go through stressful DIY projects.” Artwork with colours and tones that are repeated in soft furnishings can also look really stylish. They help to create a “red thread” and bring the room together, according to the expert. So for those who want to shift a home fast or just want to simpy add value to their home, it's time to buy some command strips and embellish bare walls with colour and pattern.