Her Majesty is hiring a new pilot to join the Queen’s Helicopter Flight (TQHF). The TQHF consists of a small team of pilots and ground support providing a helicopter service to Royal Family members on official engagements. The successful candidate, a Royal Household vacancy read, will operate a Sikorsky S76 C++ helicopter and will cover either the role of Co-Pilot or Pilot in Command. The job advert continued: "You will be responsible for the planning and safe execution of flights in accordance with TQHF Operations Manual. "In addition to your flying duties you will undertake management tasks and other administrative duties, supporting the Director of Flight Operations." Describing the desired profile of the best possible candidate for this role, the advert also said: "As a natural collaborator, you have excellent communication skills and are confident liaising with a wide range of people. Follow live updates on the Royal Family here "With high levels of attention to detail and time management skills, you are capable of planning accurate flight plans and are driven to operate consistently to the highest standard. "Your initiative and problem-solving skills mean that you can think ahead and act proactively." The Royal Household stressed "flexibility" is key in this role, given the hectic schedule of royals. The job specification said: "Flexibility is essential as you will be required to undertake travel across the UK and overnight as necessary." READ MORE: Meghan & Sophie ‘unhappy in each other’s company' - expert suggests The role is based at RAF Odiham, with the Household requiring the candidate to live within an hour of distance from the Hampshire base. The job involves working for 37.5 hours per week over five days across Monday to Sunday. While royals sometimes fly to engagements to be able to carry out multiple duties in a day, the Queen is also known to have travelled by helicopter over the past few months to move across her households. The sovereign normally travels to Norfolk via train. However, following her doctors' advice to rest issued in October, she flew twice to Sandringham via helicopter rather than undertake a longer journey on rails. The Queen moved to Windsor Castle from her London home Buckingham Palace in March 2020, shortly before the Prime Minister enforced the first national lockdown. The sovereign spent most of the past two years in Berkshire and, according to a report by the Sunday Times, she doesn't intend to take up residence again at Buckingham Palace. However, royal commentator Richard Eden said earlier this week the decision of the Royal Household to hire a housekeeping assistant whose role involves "travelling to other royal residences" may suggest the Queen will continue to travel to her other residences. Since the beginning of the pandemic, the monarch returned to Buckingham Palace a handful of times. In May last year, she departed from her London working residence to attend the State Opening of Parliament alongside Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. In June, she returned to the Palace to hold in person, for the first time in more than one year, an audience with Boris Johnson. Again, the monarch was at Buckingham Palace in October, when she attended with Prince Edward the launch of the Queen's Baton Relay ahead of the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games. Last summer, the Queen also headed to Balmoral Castle for the first time since the death of Prince Philip. A few weeks prior, she stayed at the Palace of Holyroodhouse while undertaking a week of engagements in the nation.