Will Smith's meltdown continued when he returned to his seat as he shouted and swore at the Oscars host which caused the audience to fall into a deadly silence. The shocking moment came just minutes before Will received the Academy Award for Best Actor where he broke down in tears during his acceptance speech. Many actors were asked about the altercation following the ceremony, with screen legend Jon Voight giving his verdict on the incident. Speaking on the red carpet following the awards ceremony, 83-year-old Jon explained: "I know Will very well and I love him, he's a great man. "If anyone insulted my wife, I would be pretty angry too." Will hit Chris after the comedian said to the audience: "Jada, GI Jane 2, I can't wait to see it." The mother-of-two has been dealing with hair loss since revealing her alopecia diagnosis four years ago. READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Seconds after making the joke, Will stormed onto the stage and hit Chris round the face. Chris, who appeared dumbfounded by the attack, said: "Wow, Will Smith just smacked the s**t out of me." The majority of the assembled audience initially thought the outburst was a prank and awkwardly laughed at the incident. However, the audience, as well as the millions of viewers watching from around the world, soon realised Will genuinely slapped the comedian.   When he returned to his seat, Will repeatedly screamed: "Keep my wife's name out of your f*****g mouth." Chris replied to assure Will he would not mention Jada again before uncomfortably saying: "That was the greatest night in the history of television." A host of guests were asked about the bizarre moment following the awards ceremony. Fashion designer Donatella Versace said: "I feel bad for [Will], I feel sorry for Chris Rock too. DON'T MISS...Motsi Mabuse left ‘heartbroken’ over Will Smith slapping Chris Rock [LATEST]Piers Morgan U-turns over 'woke' Oscars rant as he praises Amy Schumer [INTERVIEW]Janelle Monáe risks wardrobe malfunction in daring gown at Oscars bash [PICTURES]   "The Oscars are watched by so many people around the world and for young people to see that kind of violence is not good today. "It's a big thing which could have been avoided." British-American actress Jane Seymour said: "I don't think there is any reason to jump on stage and punch anyone." However, Oscar-winner Kevin Costner said he was backstage "when it went down" and did not have much to say about the moment.   Will apologised for the assault when he received the Best Actor award for his portrayal of Richard Williams, the father who raised tennis champions, Venus and Serena Williams, in King Richard. In his acceptance speech, Will had tears streaming down his face and said: "Love makes you do crazy things." The Los Angeles Police Department said Chris has declined to press assault charges but will investigate if he decides to pursue. The 2022 Oscars were held at Dolby Theater in Los Angeles and aired in the UK on Sky Cinema.  