Shielding his outrages behind the threat of a Third World War if any country dares to intervene, the Kremlin despot ordered his forces to press on “whatever happens”. Ukraine’s heroic President begged for a chance to stop the suffering in a plea for face-to-face talks with the Russian leader. As towns and cities were besieged by heavy fire and civilian casualties rose to more than 750, Volodymyr Zelensky said the world had been too slow to offer support. He urged Western leaders to enforce a no-fly zone over his embattled country to deny access to Russian warplanes – a move the US and Nato will resist for fear of risking a nuclear escalation. But the UK last night tightened the noose against Russian billionaires linked to Putin. Sanctions were issued against Alisher Usmanov, who has ties to Arsenal and Everton football clubs, and former Russian deputy prime minister Igor Shuvalov. It takes the total number of ­oligarchs sanctioned to 15. Prime Minister Boris Johnson said: “For as long as Vladimir Putin continues his ­barbaric attack on innocent Ukrainians we will continue to exert every power we have to inflict maximum economic pain on Putin and his war machine.” However Mr Zelensky said if the West remains reluctant to declare a no-fly zone, it should at least ­provide Kyiv with fighter jets. He declared: “If you do not have the power to close the skies, give me planes. If we are no more then, God forbid, Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia will be next.” Mr Zelensky dared Putin to sit down with him at the negotiating table to stop his nation’s suffering. The Ukrainian leader said: “Get off our land. You don’t want to leave now? Then sit down with me at the negotiation table. “I’m available. Sit. Just not 30 metres away like with [Emmanuel] Macron or [Olaf] Scholz etc. I am your neighbour. “You don’t need to keep me 30 metres away. I don’t bite. I’m a normal bloke. Sit down with me and talk. What are you afraid of? We aren’t threatening anyone, we’re not terrorists, aren’t seizing banks and seizing foreign land.” Mr Zelensky’s verbal blast came after French president Emmanuel Macron warned “worse is yet to come” after speaking to Putin by telephone. In a TV address, the Russian ­president then branded the Ukrainians “extreme gangsters”, claimed their army is using civilians as human shields and said his invasion is going to plan in a stunning act of hypocrisy and denial. Soon after his speech, Ukraine announced it had agreed with Russia to create safe corridors – backed by ceasefires – to evacuate civilians and deliver aid to areas under attack from the invaders. Negotiators from the two nations said afterwards a third round of peace talks will be held shortly. But the world could do little but watch as the Russian army closed in as the conflict entered a second week. Heavy casualties were reported across Ukraine with the Kremlin’s troops making their most significant territorial gain so far by taking the southern city of Kherson. Civic leaders in the Black Sea coast port warned residents to avoid provoking Russian troops. Mayor Igor Kolykhayev said: “There were armed visitors in the city executive committee. I didn’t make any promises to them. I just asked them not to shoot people.” Kherson’s strategic capture could be significant, allowing Russia to create a military base there as it seeks to push further inland. Witness Larysa Pavlovska, a 58-year-old paramedic, said some districts had been “bombed out” and others were smouldering after intense overnight shelling. Despite Putin’s denials civilians are being targeted, harrowing pictures reflect a mounting death toll in Mariupol. A father named as Serhii wept over the body of his teenage son Iliya – killed by a Russian shell in a bombardment in the key southern city. Hundreds of people were feared dead after more than a day of shelling by Moscow’s heavy artillery. The mayor has said it would lead to a “genocide of Ukrainian people” as he compared it to the horrific 1941 siege of Leningrad. Two elderly women were seen being evacuated from their homes and covered in blood. An apartment building in Borodyanka, near Kyiv, was almost totally destroyed by one Russian missile and at least 22 civilians were killed in an airstrike on the northern city of Chernihiv. Mykhailo Podolyak, an advisor to Mr Zelensky, said: “Enough ­talking. We need humanitarian ­corridors – food, medicine, ambulance, evacuation. Villages and towns where Russian troops are stationed immediately turn into places of looting, robbery, murder.” Meanwhile, a Royal Air Force patrol aircraft has been monitoring the path of multiple Russian ­warships “from a discreet distance” in the Mediterranean. The maritime patrol aircraft designed for anti-submarine ­warfare was taking part in a Nato exercise when it was reassigned. Squadron Leader Dave Higgins said: “We were able to use Poseidon, one of the most capable intelligence platforms in the world, to support our allies by getting in close and identifying those ships.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ----------------- Mariupol is a major port with a population of over 400,000, lying on the Sea of Azov in Eastern Ukraine. Capturing it would allow the Russian-sponsored insurgency in the east to link up with Russian-controlled Crimea in the south. That would leave Russia with a sizeable chunk of the largely Russian-speaking territory. It would cement Russian ownership of Crimea, which is only connected to Russia via a road and rail bridge across the Kerch Strait. Another strategic impact would be control over the Sea of Azov, which would be surrounded by Russian territory. Mariupol is the site of two steel plants and is used to export a small but significant proportion of Ukraine’s grain, metals and raw materials. If Russia was able to capture Odessa, this would inhibit Ukraine’s trading routes. Mariupol is vulnerable to attack from land, sea and air. If Ukrainian resistance is able to hold out, Russia would be able to shell it from the sea as well as use artillery and long range fires. That could lead to a devastating loss of life. Being far from support in the West, it will be much harder to resupply Ukrainian forces, so any siege is likely to be comparatively short. ----------------- Boris Johnson has accused Vladimir Putin of war crimes. Johnson is right that Ukrainian civilians are being killed by indiscriminate attacks but will anyone end up in the dock? The International Criminal Court is investigating because there is very real concern about attacks by Russian forces. Human Rights Watch has documented violations such as the use of cluster munitions that hit a hospital and a preschool, which killed civilians, including a child. The international community must ensure that the court has the financial means and political backing to do its vital work. Every effort is needed to support the collection and preservation of evidence so that one day those responsible can face justice. There will be hurdles to bringing perpetrators to court, not least Russia’s resistance. But the world must send a clear message that serious crimes will not be tolerated. Ukraine’s civilians are counting on it.