Former General Sir Mike Jackson has warned there is a "risk of escalation to a nuclear World War Two" amid the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine. The two sides have met in recent days for peace talks but Sir Mike has stressed that "people rightly are cautious" amid fears the conflict could boil over into a world war. World War Two was the first conflict in which nuclear weapons were used and Sir Mike urged a careful approach to ensure we don't end up in a second nuclear war. Sir Mike told TalkRADIO: "The risk of escalation to World War Two a nuclear world war is there. "In which case the risks of them are so horrific and so final that people quite rightly are cautious." He added: "Nuclear war is I can't find the words to describe what a nuclear war it would probably be risking the end of humanity because you get so-called nuclear winter and the sky is just full of debris and dust. "I think in my view, that anybody involved with the level of violence which takes place regarding Ukraine or any other matter needs to be very careful indeed." Military analysts say Russia has reframed its war goals in Ukraine in a way that may make it easier for Putin to claim a face-saving victory despite a woeful campaign in which his army has suffered humiliating setbacks. Russian forces bombarded the capital Kyiv and northern Chernihiv on Wednesday, a day after Russia promised to scale down military operations in both cities. "We believe that Putin is being misinformed by his advisers about how badly the Russian military is performing and how the Russian economy is being crippled by sanctions, because his senior advisers are too afraid to tell him the truth," a US official said on Wednesday. Russia says it is carrying out a "special operation" to disarm and "denazify" its neighbour. Western countries say Moscow launched an unprovoked invasion. "We have information that Putin felt misled by the Russian military," leading him to mistrust the military leadership, the US official added. "Putin didn't even know his military was using and losing conscripts in Ukraine, showing a clear breakdown in the flow of accurate information to the Russian president." Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday its forces were regrouping near Ukraine's capital Kyiv and the northern city of Chernohiv in order to focus on other key areas and complete the "liberation" of the breakaway Donbas region, Russian news agencies reported. The ministry's statement came a day after Russia said it would scale back operations near Kyiv and Chernihiv to support progress in peace talks. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] But Russian attacks in both locations continued on Wednesday, according to reports from near Kyiv and the mayor of Chernihiv. Boris Johnson has said the UK was "certainly looking at going up a gear in our support for the Ukrainians as they defend themselves". Asked what would need to happen for sanctions to be lifted against Russia, the Prime Minister told the Commons Liaison Committee that a ceasefire would not be enough and that "goes straight into Putin's playbook". "In my view, we should continue to intensify sanctions with a rolling programme until every single one of his troops is out of Ukraine," he said.