Snoring occurs when the muscles of the mouth and throat relax, restricting the airway as you sleep. While one person’s snoring can be particularly disruptive to nearby sleepers, it can also be an issue for the snorer themselves - but what can you do to stop it? There is no single cure for this common condition, but one sleep expert has revealed the best hacks to get a better night’s sleep. At least half of all Brits affected by snoring are snorers themselves according to the British Snoring and Sleep Apnoea Association. This disruptive condition can be made worse by a number of lifestyle habits and medical conditions, yet there is still no blanket solution to stopping yourself from snoring while you sleep. Martin Seeley, CEO and internal sleep expert at MattressNextDay said: “Unfortunately, snoring cannot be ‘cured’ but you can cut down your nighttime noises with a few simple tricks.” Your sleeping position, drinking habits and choice of bedding can all affect the way you sleep, but what specific changes should you make to stop yourself from snoring? READ MORE: Brighton is the snoring capital of the UK - with snores like a 'growl' A heavy night of drinking might send you off to sleep in an instant, but it is highly likely that your snoring will be worse because of it. Alcohol has a relaxing effect on your muscles throughout the body and can even affect your throat. As the muscles relax, the rigidity around the airways can set off vibrations in your soft tissue which makes you more likely to snore. Hydrate before you head to bed to compensate for the loss of fluids and to lubricate your throat. While soft flat pillows might be your go-to choice of bedding, they could be making your snoring worse. If your snoring is worsened by a cold or seasonal allergies, it could help to invest in some plumper pillows to elevate your head as you sleep. Replace tired, flat pillows with hypoallergenic alternatives for an undisturbed night’s sleep. DON'T MISS:How to stop snoring: Five ways to improve air quality [REVEAL]Arthritis symptoms: 9 'unusual' signs of painful rheumatoid arthritis [ANALYSIS]The Queen 'slept apart' from Prince Philip - no 'snoring or kicking' [INSIGHT] We spend a third of our entire lives in bed, which can make it a particularly unhygienic place to be without weekly cleaning. Change your bedding regularly to keep dust mites, skin flakes and other allergens out of your bed. You should also switch to hypoallergenic bedding - from your mattress and pillows right up to your bed covers. This is especially important if you are prone to seasonal allergies, or have a long term condition that affects your nasal passages. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest While sleeping is known to refresh and rejuvenate the body, lying in the wrong position for too long could do more harm than good. Snoring is directly linked to the way you sleep, so always keep your airways free and open throughout the night. It is recommended that you sleep on your side rather than your back to prevent the tongue, neck tissue and chin from restricting your breathing as you sleep. Martin said: “You should sleep in the foetal position and place a flat pillow or cushion between your knees to reduce the pressure on your hips.” If you prefer to sleep on your front, it’s extra important to make sure that you are properly supported - use a medium-firm mattress to encourage a flatter, more level spine throughout the night.