Haas boss Gunether Steiner has apologised to Nikita Mazepin over his sacking. The young star was axed from the team after Haas ended their relationship with title sponsor Uralkali – the fertiliser firm co-owned by Mazepin's mega-rich oligarch father Dmitry - amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine. Mazepin wouldn't have been able to compete in the British Grand Prix, had he kept his seat, and he has since been replaced by Kevin Magnussen. The 22-year-old was very upset with the decision made and claimed it was unfair, and Steiner has since responded, admitting it wasn't an easy decision to make. “Of course I’m always sorry when you have to do something like that," Steiner shared. “The external circumstances that neither I nor he can change are just the way they are. You have to live with that and keep going. “I see it as part of life." JUST IN: Mercedes face FIA investigation with Red Bull and Ferrari set to appeal W13 upgrades   Mazepin claimed Steiner did not speak with him directly when informing him that he would not be racing in 2022, which the 56-year-old confirmed. “I did it in writing,” he admitted. “I haven’t spoken to him.” “It’s a very complex subject, even for legal experts. “We will lose money for sure but the team is financially stable. You don’t have to worry about the team. That’s the most important thing for me.” This has been a difficult time for the Italian’s team, but he hopes things will start to move in the right direction as they prepare for the new F1 season. “The worst should be over now. It can only go up for us now,” Steiner insisted. “We’re always good for a surprise when there’s drama." Both Mazepin and his father Dmitry are threatening legal action due to the youngster’s abrupt sacking. However, the pair have been sanctioned by the EU following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, after Dmitry was named as "a member of the closest circle of [President] Vladimir Putin". An EU document accused Mazepin Sr of "supporting or implementing actions which undermine or threaten" Ukraine. The EU statement said Mazepin, along with 36 other businesspeople, "met with President Vladimir Putin and other members of the Russian government to discuss the impact of the course of action in the wake of Western sanctions". It added: "The fact that he was invited to attend this meeting shows that he is a member of the closest circle of Vladimir Putin and that he is supporting or implementing actions or policies which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity, sovereignty and independence of Ukraine, as well as stability and security in Ukraine."