The ferry company laid off 800 UK seafarers last week in a pre-recorded video call, announcing they were to be replaced by cheaper agency workers. Prime Minister Boris Johnson condemned this “callous behaviour” during PMQs yesterday, on Wednesday, adding it may have broken UK employment law.  He told the Commons: “Under section 194 of the Trades Union and Labour Relations Act of 1992, it looks to me as though the company concerned has broken the law. "And we will be taking action therefore, and we will be encouraging workers themselves to take action under the 1996 employment rights act." Section 194 of the Act puts the onus on companies to notify the Transport Secretary before sacking 100 people or more. But a legal expert said this was overruled by a later EU directive implemented in the UK before Brexit was officially enacted. Tim Tyndall, employment partner at Keystone Law, told the BBC firms no longer need to inform the Government about mass sackings and must instead tell the governments of the countries where the boats are registered. He said: “The obligation to notify the government of P&O actions has not been breached as the competent authority for these foreign registered ships is the government of where they are registered.” “It would appear the Government did not understand its own legislation when writing in the terms that it did to P&O." The Brussels directive was introduced in 2018, this being two years after Britons voted for Brexit but two years before the official withdrawal date. READ MORE: P&O suffering seven million pound loss It states: “These Regulations implement certain requirements of Directive 2015/1794 [of the European Parliament and of the Council, known as the “Seafarers Directive”]. “The purpose of the Seafarers Directive is to place those employed at sea on an equal footing with land based employees and to remove unequal treatment across member States.” Tory Chris Grayling was Transport Secretary at the time the directive was moved into UK law. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] A spokesman for the Department for Transport today confirmed for the BBC: “The requirement to inform the flagged authorities of workforce changes was introduced in 2018 in order to implement a directive from the European Union. "The Government is strongly committed to protecting UK seafarers and those who work in UK waters continue to be protected by National Minimum Wage laws despite the 2018 legal change." P&O Ferries Chief Executive Peter Hebblethwaite was also today grilled by the Business Select Committee. The proceedings were kicked off by Committee Chairman Darren Jones (Labour) who asked: “Are you in this mess because you don’t know what you’re doing, or are you just a shameless criminal?” Peter Hebblethwaite took the opportunity to apologise to those who had been sacked, as well as to their families. He told the Committee his “basic salary” is £325,000, though he also has access to a number of bonuses.