Versatile, tasty and easy to whip up - some may say porridge possesses superpowers as it is loaded with goodness, such as minerals, complex carbs and tonnes of fibre. Many people have adopted oats as a must-have food option in their diets because of the wide-ranging benefits it offers. But why is porridge such a popular choice? Porridge is known to be full to the brim with minerals such as zinc, iron, magnesium and B vitamins. Numerous studies have shown that the popular whole-grain food helps promote weight loss, lower blood sugar levels and cholesterol, and can reduce the risk of heart disease. A well-balanced nutrient composition, it is also rich in carbs and fibre. READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' This humble bowl of cereal could be the secret ingredient slimmers need add to their diet to ensure they shed those unwanted pounds healthily. A key benefit for having porridge in the morning is that it sets you up for the day. It contains complex carbohydrates, meaning the body needs a longer time to digest them completely. This in turn, makes slimmers feel full as the stomach is busy digesting and does not require a renewed intake of more food. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] This long lasting feeling is considered the most important component that can support you in losing weight, as it avoids overeating. Some scientists promote the consumption of porridge everyday, as slimmers can add even more goodness to their bowls, including chia seeds or flaxseeds. These help promote good bowel health by keeping you regular. Some people may not be aware that oats are also found in numerous skin care products. These finely ground oats are called "colloidal oatmeal", and have a long history of use in treatment of itch and irritation in various skin conditions, according to Healthline. The FDA approved colloidal oatmeal as a skin-protective substance back in 2003, having been found to help remedy dry and itchy skin. It may help relieve symptoms of various skin conditions, including the uncomfortable symptoms of eczema. But there are common mistakes people looking to shed the pounds may fall victim to while on the porridge diet. While oatmeal is a popular heathy breakfast idea, it can soon turn into a calorie bomb rather than a slimming product. Adding sweeteners to your bowl is an easy way to bump up your daily calorie intake. Instead of syrups and sugar, people wanting to lose weight can use fresh fruits such as berries, bananas and apples as a good healthy alternative. Vanilla, cocoa powder and cinnamon are also viable healthy options to enhance your oat breakfast.