Irish actress Caitriona Balfe welcomed her first son with husband Tony McGill in August last year. Unfortunately, production on the latest season of Outlander was pushed back due to the coronavirus pandemic, so the Starz series’ leading actress was still pregnant when it came time to film the Frasers’ toughest outing yet. Claire Fraser star Caitriona has detailed how she dealt with being pregnant during production on the sixth season of Outlander. The internationally successful Starz drama returned on March 6 with a gripping premiere which revealed more about Jamie Fraser’s (played by Sam Heughan) past. Season six will prove to be one of the most gruelling outings of the show so far, as the Frasers face the brutal reality of the American Revolutionary War. However, Caitriona was facing challenges of her own behind the scenes. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small: Helen Alderson radiant in wedding snaps “It wasn’t easy,” she admitted. “You’re pretty tired when you’re pregnant anyway. “And we shoot a lot and the schedule’s pretty tough.” The cast and crew of Outlander finally returned to Scotland in February 2021 after the initial starting time of May 2020 was pushed back by the pandemic. Thankfully, the cast and crew were completely supportive of Caitriona as she adapted to Covid protocols and her first pregnancy. She told Extra TV: “But, you know what? I have had a lot of amazing co-workers and everyone took very good care of me.” Caitriona even had a number of helpful assistants who ensured she was able to stay comfortable in between takes. She recalled: “There were a few people who just ran around with these big pink yoga balls into places for me to sit on at a certain point.” Despite the onslaught of challenges on the latest season, Caitriona and her co-stars were still thankful they were able to deliver another thrilling season of Outlander during the pandemic. DON'T MISS:The Last Kingdom’s Eliza Butterworth pays tribute to co-star [COMMENT]The Orville’s Klyden star drops update for season 3 [EXCLUSIVE]Blue Bloods’ Rachel star unveils new role away from CBS [NEWS] “I feel so grateful that we got to work during that time,” she continued. “We already had one lockdown where we were confined to our apartments for four months or whatever it was. “It felt like a real privilege to be able to go to work, and to go to work on something we love so much with people we love so much. “So even though it was a bit tiring, it still was nice to get out of the house and get to work.” Filming was finalised in May last year, and the team will soon be getting ready to start work on the extended seventh season. Their work on the series has clearly paid off, as Outlander season six is shaping up to be one of the best instalments of the acclaimed drama so far. Outlander season 6 continues Sundays on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.