Jeremy Vine struggled to hold back tears as he shone a spotlight on the Ukrainian humanitarian effort on Channel 5 on Friday. The presenter was joined by Nick Knowles, Ben Fogle, Jane McDonald, Michelle Ackerley and Susan Calman as the team highlighted some of the incredible efforts being made to support Ukraine. As the days go on, Vladimir Putin’s troops edge closer to Kyiv while millions of Ukrainians have been displaced. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has said his country will win this war but it’s clear the conflict will not reach a conclusion quickly. The situation in Ukraine has tugged at the heartstrings of people up and down the country. Channel 5’s Ukraine: How YOU Can Help highlighted numerous projects across the UK of people doing what they can to support the war-torn country. Read more: GMB reporter helping Ukrainian refugees in Lille Host Jeremy struggled to hold back tears as the programme aired a special report on the current situation in Ukraine. He introduced: “It is 1600 miles from here in Nottingham to Kyiv the Ukrainian capital yet it feels like what we’re witnessing belongs to another world. “In one way or another though we do all feel connected to those enduring the suffering and none more so than the people with me here tonight. “But if you really want to know why we have felt compelled to make this special programme it is because of what you are now about to see.” In the heartbreaking report, many Ukrainians shared their wish to return home. One young woman said: “I just wanted to live my life in Ukraine. I love Ukraine and I don’t want to go to Poland.” Another woman shared her experience of living underground in a bunker for a week to keep safe. Despite evacuation corridors, some have been shelled as they flee making the journey extremely dangerous. DON'T MISSLoose Women hit with 100s of complaints over refugee ‘race row’ [INSIGHT]Ruth Langsford begs Ukrainian newsreader to leave as siren sounds  [INTERVIEW]Holly Willoughby in tears over 11-year-old Ukrainian refugee [VIDEO] In another clip, Pavlo said goodbye to his family as he must stay behind in Ukraine to fight. He said: “It’s terrible because it was so unexpected nobody was prepared for this situation.” Meanwhile, a young schoolgirl shared her wish to stay in Ukraine with her family and friends. She said: “If war stops I really want to go home because there is my friends, beautiful parks, playground behind my house, there are my toys, there are my friends. I don’t know where my friends are now.” (sic) Back in the studio in Nottingham, Jeremy struggled to speak with tears in his eyes. He remarked: “Well we’re just watching that, Lisa and I, here it’s unbearable, isn’t it?” Volunteer Lisa replied: “It’s actually awful, it’s unbelievable that it’s happened.” “We’re all feeling the same way about it that was Tessa Chapman on why we simply have to help,” Jeremy concluded. During the special programme, there was also information about the DEC Ukraine Humanitarian appeal which was launched on March 3. Ukraine: How YOU Can Help aired on Channel 5 on Friday at 9pm and is available on My5.