The Prime Minister was in Brussels for an emergency meeting of NATO and the G7 in the face of President Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Leaders gathered to discuss how to further help impose misery on Moscow in punishment for the brutal war and to help Kiyv defend its sovereignty from Russian advances. Western allies have remained in almost constant contact over the past month to present a united front in responding to Moscow's invasion of Ukraine, cooperating to ensure maximum impact against Putin. Britain has led the way in imposing sanctions and providing military support to Ukraine, with the Kremlin today singling out the UK and Mr Johnson for being "anti-Russian". This evening, this Prime Minister hit back at claims saying there was not "a single person around the table" in NATO or the G7 who "is against Russia or the Russian people". Rejecting the comments, he told a press conference: "Absolutely not, least of all me. I think I'm probably the only Prime Minister in UK history to be called Boris, I think I have that distinction, and I'm not remotely anti-Russian." READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG  He said: "But I think what we all agree is that what Vladimir Putin is doing, the way he's leading Russia at the moment, is utterly catastrophic, that his invasion of Ukraine is inhuman and barbaric. "And the conduct of that invasion is now moving into the type of behaviour that, as I said before, we haven't seen in the continent of Europe for 80 years, and it's horrific. "So you can be sympathetic towards ordinary Russians, who are being so badly led, but you can be deeply hostile to the decisions of Vladimir Putin." Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov had said: "Mr Johnson, we see him as the most active participant in the race to be anti-Russian. "It will lead to a foreign policy dead end." NATO leaders offered Kyiv new military assistance and assigned more troops to its eastern flank after their meeting this afternoon. DON'T MISS:Putin final lifeline ruined: £100bn 'fortress Russia' about to CRUMBLE [INSIGHT]Russia's 'doomsday machine' could submerge Ukraine under 330ft tsunami [WARNING]Russian tank driver RUNS OVER his own commander [UPDATE]  They also urged China to abandon its strategic partner and not support Moscow in its war. A joint statement from the heads of state and government said: "We call on all states, including the People's Republic of China (PRC), to uphold the international order including the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity, as enshrined in the UN Charter, to abstain from supporting Russia's war effort in any way, and to refrain from any action that helps Russia circumvent sanctions. "We are concerned by recent public comments by PRC officials and call on China to cease amplifying the Kremlin's false narratives, in particular on the war and on Nato, and to promote a peaceful resolution to the conflict." As NATO called on Beijing to isolate its close ally, rifts among Western countries were also put to one side to present a united front.  Brexit rows between the UK and EU have been placed on the back burner in order to deal with the crisis in Eastern Europe. Mr Johnson and Ms von der Leyen posed for photos before holding a bilateral meeting on the side of the NATO summit. The European Commission President said there was "strong cooperation on sanctions" between the UK and EU and both partners were united in their "unflinching support to the country and its people in the face of Russia’s aggression". Mr Johnson said of the UK, EU and the rest of the West: "I have rarely seen our nations more united in recent years than we are now."