And please don't misunderstand when I say the cause of this renewed energy is a war. Of course it's a horrible nightmare, terrifying not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe, and us, and America. But there's no denying that what we've witnessed in this astonishing week is uplifting - heroic courage and unflinching patriotism from ordinary, peaceful people who were just like us, until the evil kleptomaniac next door decided he wanted another country and went on a murderous shopping spree. It makes as much sense as the Home Counties invading Wales. Who would have predicted Ukraine's incredible bravery and contempt for Vladimir Putin's deranged power trip? Whose heart didn't lift at their two-fingered salute? At the eloquent courage of their president who, when offered an escort to safety by the Americans, replied: "I need ammunition, not a ride"? At the insouciance of the elderly woman who told Russian soldiers to put sunflower seeds in their pockets, so flowers would grow where they died? Awful as this week has been, it's impossible not to feel stirred and moved by Ukrainian courage and love for their homeland. All the negative energy left over from Covid, our contempt for politicians, our rancid disappointment at their selfserving hypocrisy, feels cleansed by real bravery, real selflessness. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea On Tuesday an emergency session at the European Parliament brought a display of outrage, unity and support that made my eyes water.There was a standing ovation for Volodymyr Zelensky but also for the powerfully eloquent President of the European Parliament, Roberta Metsola, who pledged solidarity with Ukraine. She was so impressive I regained the respect for Europe lost when Emmanuel Macron unforgivably trashed AstraZeneca and our vaccine rollout. If only we saw more of her and less of him.War is vile but it can bring out the best of humanity. It's humbling but inspiring to watch as Ukraine stands defiant against one evil, merciless man. We owe them everything we can give.