Charles Leclerc was understandably upbeat after taking the first pole of the season ahead of Max Verstappen for the Bahrain Grand Prix. Ferrari and Red Bull have been the pacesetters throughout pre-season and that continued into the weekend with Mercedes struggling to keep up.   Carlos Sainz had provisional pole after the first run in Q3, but just five-thousandths of a second separated the two Ferrari drivers and Verstappen. The Spaniard was unable to improve upon his time in the second run with Leclerc then moving into pole position. Verstappen was neck-and-neck with Leclerc through the first two sectors as he approached the finish line, but couldn't find that extra pace to take the first pole of the season. The reigning F1 world champion finished little over a tenth behind Leclerc with Sainz starting tomorrow's race in third. And Leclerc was delighted to be a part of Ferrari putting their car back on the front of the grid after years in the wilderness. JUST IN: Max Verstappen taunts Lewis Hamilton after securing second place  "It feels good," Leclerc said. "The last two years have been incredibly difficult for the team. "We were quite hopeful that this new opportunity for us was an opportunity to be back in the front and I think we have worked extremely well as a team to find ourself again in a position to fight for better places." But while Leclerc was upbeat about the speed of his Ferrari, Leclerc was careful not to write Verstappen off ahead of Sunday's race. "I will still stay cautious. I mean the pace is there, but the race is long and anything can happen so I need to stay on it." DON'T MISS  Sergio Perez will start alongside Sainz on the second row as he wasn't too far off the pace of those ahead of him. Lewis Hamilton has it all to do though in his W13 with Mercedes struggling to match the pace on the straights of their rivals as he starts fifth alongside former team-mate Valtteri Bottas, who impressed in the Alfa Romero. Kevin Magnussen was arguably the story of the day though on his return to F1 as he starts the Bahrain Grand Prix in seventh. Fernando Alonso did enough for eighth, just edging out George Russell in a disappointing qualifying session for the young Briton. Pierre Gasly rounded out the top 10 with Sunday's race set to be a fascinating battle between Red Bull and Ferrari.  