The Driver and Vehicle Licencing Agency (DVLA) has been in the spotlight recently for the huge delays in processing licence applications, with questions on the agency’s performance asked of the Prime Minister in commons and staff bragging they were “paid to watch Netflix”. But it seems their latest priority is to raise awareness of the two percent of vehicles in the UK that are untaxed as they placed a ‘sculpture’ in Manchester’s city centre. The piece consisted of a car with its wheel clamped covered in traffic cones with a sign saying ‘Hard to hide, easy to tax’ placed in front of it. The DVLA’s advertising campaign will now be rolled out in other cities with a high rate of tax evasion. Last year just under 29,000 enforcement actions were taken against untaxed vehicles in Manchester, including fines, penalties, and clamping. However, more than one of these may have been taken against the same vehicle. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists The DVLA state that as well as automated enforcement penalties for registered keepers of untaxed vehicles, their enforcement teams and wheel clamping partners also travel around the UK as part of their day-to-day activity taking action against untaxed vehicles. Over 98 percent of vehicles are correctly taxed but the two per cent who break the law are being pursued. The DVLA said: "This year’s campaign focuses on the clear message that untaxed cars are ‘hard to hide, easy to tax’ and for those that continue to flout the rules, the consequences include financial penalties, court action, clamping and even the loss of a car." DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] DVLA Chief Executive Julie Lennard said: "This campaign has a clear message for anyone that delays or avoids taxing their vehicle. "It really has never been easier to tax a vehicle, from using our 24/7 online service to direct debit options. "We want motorists to understand that it's not worth taking a risk and always tax their vehicles on time." Car tax, or VED, is due to go up on most vehicles from April 1. The agency has been under mounting pressure in recent weeks to explain performance over the past year. Their own figures released last month show that hundreds of drivers are still waiting on renewals – three months after applying by post. And the DVLA has apologised for the disruption which it blames on Covid and social distancing at its main office in Swansea, Wales. A DVLA spokesperson said: “When considering an application to issue a driving licence we aim to make a decision as quickly as possible. However more complex transactions, for example if medical investigations are needed, will take longer. We’re sorry for any inconvenience this may cause." Asked about the DVLA before the spring statement in the commons last week, Boris Johnson said that he had "read some surprising things about what's been going on at the DVLA. “I think they need to be given every possible encouragement and support to expedite the supply of driving licences to people in this country." Of the claims made by a newspaper investigation regarding staff being put on leave with no expectation to work the DVLA said: “We take the allegations made extremely seriously and are urgently investigating. "These claims are not representative of the hardworking culture in DVLA, nor are they a true reflection of the 6,000 plus staff who have worked incredibly hard to help keep the country moving throughout the pandemic.”