Slightly over a decade after the same region was devastated by a 9.0-quake, the Japan Meteorological Agency said a new tremor has hit Fukushima 60km (36 miles) below the sea off its coast. In March 2011, the shock sparked a tsunami that led to an accident at the Fukushima nuclear plant when the cooling systems failed. Wednesday's movement, registered at 11.36pm local time, plunged more than two million homes in Tokyo, around 150 miles away, into darkness and triggered a tsunami warning. There have not yet been any reports of casualties. As authorities warned residents in the Fukushima, Miyagi and Yamagata prefectures to expect aftershocks, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida said the government was in the process of understanding the extent of the quake's implications. He said: "We will commit ourselves to gathering information, do our best to rescue those affected by the (quake) and communicate information appropriately." The Japanese Nuclear Regulation Authority said two water pumps stopped at the Fukushima Daini site. The spent fuel cooling pool — a key component of the nuclear reactor — was disrupted at two of the four reactors at Fukushima Daini briefly stopped. It later resumed operation. A fire alarm went off at the turbine building of No 5 reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi but there was no actual fire. FUKUSHIMA TSUNAMI ALERT: Are nuclear plants at risk? Meanwhile, they said there were no abnormalities detected at Onagawa nuclear plant in northeastern Miyagi prefecture. The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) also confirmed there no abnormalities in radiation at or around Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant had been identified. Japan, because it sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire", an arc of intense seismic activity that stretches through Southeast Asia and across the Pacific basin, is prone to quakes and does thus have strict construction regulations intended to ensure buildings can withstand strong tremors. Amid reports of violent shocks in the capital's buildings, national broadcaster NHK said the tsunami may have reached some areas of the country already. The quake was also felt in large parts of eastern Japan. Wednesday's tremor came only days after Fukushima marked the 11th anniversary of 2011's disaster and reportedly happened just 89 kilometres away from the site of the tragic events, which killed 22,000 people either during the initial movement, the following tsunami or as a result of lingering health consequences. DON'T MISSDead dolphin mystery after animal washes up on UK beach [REPORT]Yellowstone volcano: 20-mile eruption warning [ANALYSIS]Canary Islands record 103 earthquakes in 6 days – strongest in Tenerife [INSIGHT] Speaking at a ceremony held by the Fukushima prefecture last Friday, Mr Kishida offered his prayer for the tsunami and quake victims and renewed his pledge to support the ongoing reconstruction efforts in the area. Pledging the government will provide support to improve the living environment for returning residents and revive local industries, he said: "Recovery from the nuclear disaster requires a long-term response." Noting that many residents were still in evacuation, waters were contaminated, and the plant required continued cleanup and measures against the impact from the planned release of treated radioactive water, the prime minister added: "Many difficult challenges remain." While another quake could further complicate those challenges, Wednesday's shock was about 63 times less powerful than that 11 years ago.