Energy bills are due to soar from April, following confirmation that the energy price cap will rise for around 22 million Britons. With a cost of living crisis in full swing, the last thing homeowners need is a sudden bill for replacing their boiler. Luckily, some simple maintenance can keep your boiler in full working order - including understanding some of the noises it makes. According to energy switching experts from UKPower, there are five key noises that could mean "something is not right". These sounds tend to be "unusual" and not like the noises your boiler typically makes while heating your home. In some cases, sounds aren't anything too major to worry about and can be solved with a simple DIY fix. READ MORE: Lawn seed: 8 steps to growing grass in your garden before sowing However, others could be a warning of something more serious at bay. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, a spokesperson for UKPower said: "If you’re worried about any noises coming from your boiler and they can’t be solved with a quick fix – like bleeding the system or adjusting the pressure – then you should get a professional engineer out to take a look. "Make sure they are Gas Safe registered and never tamper with the system yourself, even to try and diagnose the problem." DON'T MISSHouse buying timeline: How long does it really take to buy a home? [INSIGHT]Lawn care: The mowing trick to ‘always' use when cutting grass [REVEALED]How to create a ‘warmer home’ and minimise heat loss this spring [COMMENT] Vibrating noises According to UKPower: "Vibrating noises could simply be down to loose brackets. You can fix this by tightening them yourself. "If the noise persists once you’ve tightened the brackets, call a Gas Safe registered engineer to give you system the once over." Loud "gurgling" noises A loud gurgling type of noise could mean that there is air trapped somewhere in the system. The UKPower spokesperson explained: "To fix this, you might need to bleed your radiator or check the pressure of your boiler. "If the pressure is low, take a look at your user’s manual to find out how to increase the pressure to the right level." Loud banging noises This type of sound could be an indication of two different things, but in either even an engineer is the person to fix this. UKPower said: "Loud banging noises could signal a faulty thermostat or blockage in your system. "In either case, you’ll need to call a Gas Safe registered engineer to fix the issue." Whistling noises A whistling noise is not something you want to hear coming from your boiler, and if left untreated could reduce how well your boiler is working. This is because it can be a sign of debris or even limescale if you live in a hard water area. UKPower explained: "This can affect the efficiency and lifespan of your boiler, so call out a Gas Safe registered engineer if you hear any whistling noises." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Banging or tapping in your pipes It isn't just noises coming from the boiler itself that homeowners should be aware of. Boiler troubles can also result in sounds around the system. UKPower said: "Banging or tapping pipes could simply mean the pipework isn’t secured properly. "It could also mean your system is overheating, which may indicate a problem with the thermostat." In either case, the best thing to do is contact a registered Gas Safe engineer who can assess the problem and decide on the right course of action.