Madonna is no stranger to getting people talking and it was no different when the legendary entertainer shared a video on Instagram today. The 63-year-old, who referred to herself as the "Mother of Jesus", was met with some criticism online. In view of her 17.7 million followers, Madonna was clad in a black leather ensemble. The Beautiful Stranger hitmaker sported a bodysuit which she teamed with a pair of shorts and fishnet tights. The singer accessorised her look with a variety of necklaces. She rocked her signature platinum blonde locks and bold makeup as she promoted her latest musical offering. READ MORE: 'Didn't vote for that b*****ks!' Top Gear's James May rages at Brexit Speaking in the clip, which has been viewed over 150,000 times in a matter of minutes, the singer delivered a message. She began: "Hi... this is Madonna. The mother of Jesus." In another take, the performer started again, saying: "Hi this is..." The cameraman could be heard saying "take one more sip" as they filmed Madonna gulping down a beverage in a wine glass.   "Hi... I'm drunk," the singer commented before she began dancing with the glass in her hand. Taking a deep breath, Madonna joked that she was waiting for the drugs "to kick in". In another segment, she threw her arms up in closed fists, before saying, "We're all fighters". She then said: "Nobody touch me. I'm going to call the police." DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan left Prince Charles and Camilla ‘completely horrified’[LATEST]Max George 'splits from Stacey Giggs' after Strictly with Katya Jones[STRICTLY]Dan Walker reacts after colleague forced to pull out of show[TV] The popstar then began to promote her new music, saying: "Make sure you check out my new Frozen remix. "That was so good. I was feeling so strong." Madonna captioned the post: "This is Mer-Donna... #frozenremix." Following the bizarre clip, fans flooded the comment section as some praised the musician while others were unsure about the video. Darxide questioned: "What the hell was that?" Mariella vented: "So unpleasant to watch." Laura Louise Anne claimed: "Hang on, endorsing drinking and cocaine? Why?!" Vaniagram commented: "But why?" However, others rushed to the singer's defence as they agreed it was a lighthearted video. Valence said: "She's joking." Danny Boy wrote: "Cracked me up. Love you Madonna." Dad agreed: "She's so silly. Love her!" The post comes after Madonna recently released a remixed version of her 1998 single Frozen.