Negan (played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan) are set to star in a brand new spin-off in The Walking Dead universe, Isle of the Dead. AMC’s next zombie project was confirmed to hit screens next year on Monday, and fans of the show wasted no time expressing their divided opinions on social media. Long-time viewers and TWD naysayers were both left baffled by the announcement of Isle of the Dead. The series will be just one of many spin-offs after the flagship AMC show wraps up and will take the post-apocalyptic action to a zombie-infested New York City. However, the show’s choice of pairing has been criticised, as they have been locked in a fierce feud ever since Negan killed Maggie’s husband Glenn (Steven Yeun). Many viewers took their criticisms online upon hearing news of an upcoming offshoot centred on one of The Walking Dead's most terrifying villains. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Reddit user brainfreeze77 asked: “So the character Negan that smashed in Glenn's and others’ heads in with a baseball bat and trafficked women when he was in charge is now a good guy and gets a spin-off with Glenn's surviving wife?” And inthedollarbin joked: “Last I watched this show, he had just brutally murdered her husband so this makes a lot of sense.” The premiere episode of The Walking Dead season seven was notorious for convincing a huge portion of the fanbase to stop watching after Glenn’s death. Although new showrunner Angela Kang has brought back some of the show’s goodwill, fans aren’t yet convinced the upcoming spin-offs will be able to return the horror franchise back to its glory days. Fans had similar complaints when Twitter got hold of the controversial TV news. Kay insisted: “I refuse to watch this garbage if Negan is redeemed. Should’ve known what was going on when he kept miraculously surviving.” TacticalDadYT added: “Haven’t watched it in years but how the hell is Maggie rolling with Negan after he split her dude's head with a barbed wire bat?” DON'T MISS:Outlander season 6: Jamie Fraser star teases cliffhanger ending [INSIGHT]NCIS LA: Deeks and Kensi adopt abandoned child? [THEORY]The Rookie season 4 fans left fuming over format change [REACTION] Negan and Maggie’s relationship has tentatively evolved over the years after the former Saviours leader aided the Coalition’s war against the Whisperers. While they’re certainly not friends yet, the latest season of The Walking Dead has seen them become reluctant allies in the fight against Alexandria’s new enemy, the Reapers. Their partnership could be developed further in the new spin-off, but some fans may be uncomfortable watching Maggie warm up to the man who killed her husband. Adrian tweeted: “I don't watch this show because it's so dragged out, so someone explain, didn't Negan kill Glenn? Why are he and Maggie best friends now?” Although Chris was more positive, tweeting: “My favourite franchise will go on forever, and there isn't anything any of you can do about it. Keep them coming!” And Shantae said: “I feel like I'm the only one happy about this because I love TWD too much for my own good.” For those who are unsure about Maggie and Negan’s series, The Walking Dead will also continue with another spin-off centred on Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Carol (Melissa McBride). Plus, Fear the Walking Dead is still going strong, and the upcoming anthology series Tales from the Walking Dead will ensure there’s no shortage of undead content in the coming years. The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in the USA and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK.