Stacey Solomon has issued an apology to her fans after she was unable to reply to their messages due to her busy schedule. The 32-year-old Loose Women star last night posted various clips to her Instagram Story to explain her absence. Stacey had been busy filming for the next series of Bake Off alongside Liam Charles, Benoit Blin and Cherish Finden. The new venture also meant she had to spend the night away from her fiancé Joe Swash and her four children. In a series of videos shared with Stacey’s five million followers, the TV star explained her social media absence as she promised to reply to fans’ messages. “I’ve been so rubbish today. I just got back from Bake Off. “I’m staying here tonight, doing one more tomorrow and then I’m back home for a little while. “But I just sat down and started reading your messages, and so many of you are like, ‘State, your pancake looks like Lisa Simpson. (sic) “It actually does,” Stacey confirmed as she laughed. She continued: “I’ve just been so rubbish lately. “I’m going to try and answer some of your questions tomorrow because I was just reading through them and they’re so nice. “So I’m going to try and answer some tomorrow between filming. “But I hope you’re OK and you’ve had a lovely Tuesday.” Stacey recently sparked concerns over her absence from a photograph of ITV’s female presenters to mark International Women’s Day. DON'T MISS...Strictly's Motsi Mabuse unleashes fury on Ukraine remarks [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [PICTURES]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT] The snap was posted to This Morning’s Holly Willoughby’s Instagram and it included herself and other stars such as Loose Women’s Ruth Langsford, Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway and Lorraine Kelly. However, Stacey was nowhere to be seen, leading to a barrage of comments from concerned fans questioning where she was. Neil enquired: “Where is Stacey Solomon though? Is she ok?” Tina echoed: “Why no Stacey?” Cheryl said: “Carol? Stacey? Judi?” And Georgina wrote: “Lovely photo but you're missing one of the best women that is Stacey Solomon then it would be complete.” A spokesperson for Loose Women has since explained to The Sun that Stacey was still on maternity leave when the photoshoot took place.