Prince Andrew, 62, reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre last month over the civil case she had brought against him in the US.The American had accused the Duke of York of sexually assaulting her three times when she was 17 and considered a minor under US law, accusations which he vehemently denies. He has also repeatedly claimed that he has no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. Ms Giuffre says she was trafficked to the Queen’s son by his former associate Jeffrey Epstein, the late convicted sex offender. While the details of the settlement have not been made public, reports claim the total sum could be as much as £12 million. As part of the arrangement, Andrew will make a “substantial donation” to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights. In a statement submitted by Andrew and Ms Giuffre to a US court, both parties said they would file a notice to discontinue the case. The last section of the statement read: “He pledges to demonstrate his regret for his association with Epstein by supporting the fight against the evils of sex trafficking, and by supporting its victims.” JUST IN: 'Go to bed!' Queen's stern warning to Obama after Monarch forced to step in As questions remain over whether Andrew will now end his absence from public life, one royal expert has claimed that his daughter princess Eugenie may be able to offer him a key lifeline. The Daily Mirror’s royal editor Russell Myers claimed Andrew’s “only way back” may be through Eugenie's charity, the Anti-Slavery Collective. The journalist was speaking last month on an episode of royal podcast ‘Pod Save The Queen’, hosted by Zoe Forsey. He said: “Speaking to friends of his, he definitely feels like he has a lot to offer public life again. He is only 62. “But who on earth will want to work with him? I can’t imagine anyone will want to touch him. “Certainly, the Royal Family won't want him anywhere near public life after this huge debacle. “It was mentioned to me that his daughter, Princess Eugenie, runs, helped found, and does some work with a charity which helps female victims of human trafficking. “So, if that is an avenue that he is exploring, that probably is his only way to get back to public life.” Eugenie and her friend Jules founded the Anti-Slavery Collective in 2017 after they visited India. The charity’s mission is to raise awareness of the “global epidemic” of modern slavery, and encourages law enforcement, policy makers and other players to help tackle the problem. DON'T MISS: 'Level of cruelty' Queen and Royal Family sensationally accused of failing to help Harry [LATEST]Royal Family: ‘William lowest I’d seen him’ Prince's Harry and Meghan anguish exposed [INSIGHT]Royal POLL: Do YOU support Prince Charles' plans to 'slim down' the British monarchy? [ANALYSIS] Despite this brief glimmer of hope for Andrew, his royal future remains unclear. Andrew stepped down from his royal duties in 2019 after his disastrous ‘Newsnight’ interview about his friendship with Epstein. Numerous companies and organisations that had links with the Duke shortly distanced themselves from him, In January of this year, the Queen stripped Andrew of his military titles and use of HRH, and there are still calls for him to lose his Duke of York title. Despite the negative attention Andrew has received, Mr Myers claimed he had left an “avenue open” to working with victims charities due to the wording of his statement. The journalist said: “The way this statement was worded is very interesting indeed. “Because I think it potentially gives Prince Andrew some sort of avenue to work with victims’ charities and that is how I read it. I read that he is going to offer himself up.” To subscribe to ‘Pod Save The Queen’ go to your normal podcast provider.