Shane Warne has passed away at the age of 52 from a suspected heart attack. The Australian cricket icon's management released a brief statement on Friday (GMT) on his death, which occurred while he was in Thailand. "It is with great sadness we advise that Shane Keith Warne passed away of a suspected heart attack in Koh Samui, Thailand today, Friday 4th March," it read. "Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." At the turn of the millennium, Warne was rated among the top five greatest cricketers of the 20th century, and is regarded by many as the best bowler of all time.  The legendary leg-spinner enjoyed a glittering career with Australia, which started in 1992 and spanned 15 years. His death comes as another devastating blow for Australian cricket, after Rod Marsh passed away on Thursday following a major heart-attack. As recently as Friday morning, Warne was leading a heartfelt social media tribute to his compatriot, which included: "Sad to hear the news that Rod Marsh has passed.   "He was a legend of our great game and an inspiration to so many young boys and girls. "Sending lots and lots of love to Ros and the family. RIP mate." Tributes are already pouring in for the man termed 'Warnie' from around the world. England football hero Gary Lineker said on Twitter: "Terribly saddened and shocked to hear the news that Shane Warne has died. "The greatest spin bowler of all time. Can’t quite believe it. RIP Shane."  Piers Morgan added: "Absolutely devastated to hear that ⁦Shane Warne⁩ has died from a heart attack aged just 52. "He was a genius cricketer, a supreme entertainer, a fantastic bloke and a great loyal friend for many years. Just gutting news. RIP Warnie, I loved every minute in your company." After making his debut in his early twenties, Warne went on to establish himself as a key figure for Australia amid an imperious era of dominance in world cricket. Among his collection of accolades is a World Cup win in 1999 and five Ashes triumphs between 1993 and 2003.  