Western sanctions have put Russia in a chokehold, and international condemnation is not just restricted to Governments, as major companies remove their presence from the country. What’s more, Russia has suffered significant casualties throughout the war so far, with an estimated 14,000 soldiers dead according to Ukrainian authorities. Now, a view is forming that the Russian President could be facing an internal coup that could result in his death. On Facebook, the Chief Directorate of Intelligence of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine claimed it had information that a “group of influential people in opposition to Vladimir Putin is being formed among the Russian business and political elite”. Furious at the personal and statewide financial losses created by western sanctions and frustrated Russia’s lack of military progress in Ukraine, Ukraine’s Ministry of Defence claimed “their goal is to remove Putin from power as soon as possible”. The Ukrainian ministry said it has identified top Russian spymaster, Alexander Bortnikov, as his potential successor. READ MORE: Putin's mouthpiece refuses to rule out direct nuclear strike on Europe Alexander Bortnikov is the current director of the FSB, Russia's domestic intelligence agency and successor to the Soviet spy agency, the KGB. The agency he heads up maintains an iron grip on life in Russia and is responsible for punishing dissent. The FSB has also been responsible for the tightening of restrictions on Russian society in recent years. The agency was responsible for the poisoning of Alexei Navalny in 2020 with Novichok, under Mr Bortnikov’s order. READ MORE: Putin humiliated as key ally steps down and leaves Russia However, Mr Bortnikov’s recent mishaps have not pleased his boss. The agency claimed: “It is noteworthy that Bortnikov has recently fallen out of favour with the Russian dictator. “The official reason for the disgrace of the head of the FSB – fatal miscalculations in the war against Ukraine. “It was Bortnikov and his department who were responsible for analysing the mood of the Ukrainian population and the capacity of the Ukrainian army.” DON'T MISSPutin's 'lover' could hold key to ending war [INSIGHT]Ukrainian hunters in ‘guerrilla warfare’ against Russian forces [REPORT]Putin is killing his OWN men with Stalin-style ‘execution squads’ [INSIGHT] They even went as far as saying there could be an assassination attempt on the cards, coming from within President Putin’s inner circle. The ministry said: “It is known that Bortnikov and some other influential members of the Russian elite are considering various options for removing Putin from power. “In particular, poisoning, sudden illness, or other ‘accident’ is not excluded.” However, other Kremlin experts are less convinced. Tatiana Stanovaya, an independent analyst and non-resident scholar at the Carnegie Moscow Center said: “There is a general feeling that, objectively, a split is already happening among the elites: former Yeltsin oligarchs versus Putin’s conservative elites. “This isn’t a confrontation or a political struggle; it is simply a case of two camps exhibiting opposing views about how to proceed in the current situation. “The former has the economy in their hands and the latter control politics. “The oligarchs are intimidated and under pressure, while the conservative elites are on horseback with drawn swords.”