Christian Horner has taken a clear dig at Lewis Hamilton following the news that Max Verstappen has signed a new long-term contract with Red Bull. Verstappen has signed a new deal to keep him at Red Bull until 2028. The 24-year-old will now join Hamilton in earning £40million a year and Horner has given his reaction to tying the driver down. Verstappen won his first world championship in 2021, pipping Hamilton to the title in hugely controversial circumstances. He overtook Hamilton on the final lap of the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi. Mercedes fumed at the decision of race director Michael Masi to only allow the unlapped cars between Hamilton and Verstappen to pass them following the deployment of the safety car. Masi has since been removed from his FIA role ahead of the start of the new season in Bahrain later this month.  There was plenty of speculation over Hamilton's future in the sport before he committed to driving for Mercedes this year. But there has been no doubt over Verstappen and this new contract confirms his commitment to Red Bull. And Horner is delighted to pen down who he describes as the "best driver" in the sport, in a clear snub of seven-time champion Hamilton. Horner said: "To have Max signed with Red Bull through to the end of '28 is a real statement of intent.  "Our immediate focus is on retaining Max’s world championship title, but this deal also shows he is part of the team’s long-term planning. “With the Red Bull Powertrains division working towards the new engine regulations for 2026 we wanted to make sure we had the best driver on the grid secured for that car.” Verstappen first joined Red Bull in 2016 and his new contract will take his association to the team to over 12 years. Reacting to his new contract on Instagram, Verstappen revealed his excitement at what the future holds for him and his team.  He wrote: "Really proud to announce that Oracle Red Bull Racing will be my home until at least 2028. "I love this team and I am very happy to continue this amazing journey we are on for a long time. "We have accomplished so much together already but we are definitely not done. Looking forward to our future together." 