Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was able to address politicians in the House of Commons via a video link. MPs crammed their way into the chamber and gave Mr Zelensky a standing ovation before he began his speech, in which he reiterated his call for a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Mr Zelensky was speaking from Ukraine’s capital Kyiv, where he has remained ever since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered troops to invade nearly two weeks ago. He said: “I am addressing all the people of the UK from a country with a big history. I am addressing you as a citizen, as a President. “I would like to tell you about the 13 days of war - the war that we didn't start. “We didn't want it. However we have to conduct this war. We do not want to lose what we have, what is ours. Our country. Ukraine.  READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: Bell rings on Sefcovic crunch talks - Truss final warning "Just the same way as you once didn't want to lose your country when Nazis started to fight your country. And you had to fight for Britain. “On Day One at 4am in the morning, we were attacked by cruise missiles. Everybody woke up - people, children, the entire Ukraine. “Since then we have not been sleeping. We have all been fighting for our country with our army. “On Day Two, we have been fighting air strikes and our heroic military servicemen on the islands have been trying to fight.  “When Russian forces demanded that we lay down arms, we did continue fighting.” Mr Zelensky then proceeded to give a day-by-day account of the invasion by Russia. He added that Ukraine had “filled” its armed forces and that citizens plus troops will fight “until the end”. The Ukrainian President described how on Day Five, the “terror against us” was “going on against children and cities”.  DON'T MISS: Wallace lays down the law to Putin after warmonger ramps up WW3 threat [NEWS]Poignant pictures show US bombers at UK airbase amid World War 3 fears [INSIGHT]All you need to know as RAF Jets leave UK - 'We stand ready' [EXPLAINED] He said: "Constant shelling has been taking place around the country including hospitals, but that didn't break us." On Day Eight, the 44-year-old went into detail about how Russian tanks had created “terror” when they targeted the Zaporizhia nuclear plant. He said: “On Day 11, the children and cities were being hit - and hospitals as well with their rockets and constant shelling.” Mr Zelensky said on this particular day, Ukrainians became heroes before adding that on Day 12, Russian losses “exceeded 10,000 people killed”.  He then moved on to describe the death of a child in the southern city of Mariupol at the hands of Russian forces. He said: "They do not allow any food, any water. People started panicking. I think everybody can hear that people do not have water over there. "Over 13 days of this situation, over 50 children have been killed. These are the children that could have lived, but these people have taken them away from us. "Ukraine were not looking to have this world. Ukraine was not looking to become big, but we have become big over the days of this war. "We are the country that are saving people despite having to fight one of the biggest armies in the world. We have to fight the helicopters, rockets. "The question for us now is 'to be, or not to be?'. For 13 days this question could have been asked. "But now I can give you a definitive answer. It's definitely yes - to be. "I would like to remind you of the words the UK has already heard, which are important again. "We will not give up and we will not lose. We will fight till the end at sea and in the air. We will continue fighting for our land whatever the cost. "We will fight in the forests, in the fields, on the shores, in the streets. We will fight on the banks of rivers." Mr Zelensky finished by saying Ukraine is “looking for the help of civilised countries”. He said: "We are thankful for this help. I am very grateful to you, Boris [Johnson]. "Please increase the pressure of sanctions against this country. And please recognise this country as a terrorist state. "Please make sure that our Ukrainian skies are safe. Please make sure that you do what needs to be done and what is stipulated by the greatness of your country. "Best to Ukraine - and the United Kingdom." 