Speaking to the To Di For Daily podcast, Royal author Tom Quinn believes the Duke of Sussex would do anything to “make her happy”. Mr Quinn said that there wasn’t anything that Harry wouldn’t do for his wife. He said: “I think he’s just madly in love with Meghan and wants to make her happy.” Harry and Meghan married in 2018 at Windsor Castle, but they stepped down as senior royals in 2020. They then moved to the United States, settling in a multi-million-dollar mansion in California. Harry has defended his wife through numerous controversies including the backlash received by the couple following their interview with Oprah Winfrey last year. Harry is also publishing a memoir giving his side of the story which will be published later this year. Due to an ongoing dispute over security, it appears unlikely that Harry and Meghan will be returning to the UK soon. However, according to Mr Quinn, author of Kensington Palace: An Intimate Memoir from Queen Mary to Meghan Markle, they may have other plans. During the To Di For Daily podcast, Mr Quinn said that they hoped to return to the UK as part time Royals when Charles becomes King. READ MORE: Do YOU think Meghan Harry and should be allowed to change their minds? “When Charles is King, they may be able to come back and be the part-time royals that they really wanted to be. “I think Meghan and Harry are hoping that Charles, Harry's father after all, will be more of a moderniser and will say to them, ‘okay, if you want to be part-time royals, that’s fine.” At time of writing this is an arrangement that the Queen opposes. The comments come after both the Duke and Duchess were hailed at the NAACP awards on Saturday night. DON'T MISS:  Meghan and Harry's comeback plan to RETURN as 'part-time royals' [REVEAL] Have Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan & Harry to return part-time? [INSIGHT] Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan received the illustrious President’s award for their work promoting vaccine equity, helping a Texas women's shelter and creating community relief centres. When the couple appeared on stage to claim their prize, Harry said: "I think it’s safe to say I come from a very different background to my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason. "We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most overlooked are often the most important to listen to." Meghan added: "I couldn’t be prouder that we’re doing this work together." "We are so deeply humbled to be here in the company of such illustrious awardees." 