Monty Don, best known for his role as lead presenter on Gardeners’ World, has spoken out about “increasingly grim” conditions while shooting recent episodes. He took to Twitter to share his thoughts with fans. Monty, 66, said, in view of his 252,000 followers: “Filming today in increasingly grim weather-” Luckily, the weather didn’t appear to disrupt the filming of the show too much. The horticulture expert remained optimistic despite the grey skies and added “... but rain has never stopped us yet!” The 66-year-old also shared behind the scenes images of the crew wearing waterproof jackets while they worked behind the camera. READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, puts on eye-popping display in silky blouse The broadcaster’s tweet received comments from fans of his and of the camera crew. Tor_haxson said: “I have to say I noticed some really nice camera work last week. “Keep up the good work, camera team!!” LouiseT40665028 replied that she doesn’t mind a bit of rain when she is gardening. She said: “I love gardening in the rain apart from when a rather large raindrop finds its way down the back of my collar!!” The comment was followed by a laughing emoji. Other followers shared images of their views of where they were from around the world. Some fans haven’t been as kind with their messages to Monty on the micro-blogging site. Last week, Twitter user DrPaulCookGP commented on a post by Monty, when he said he hadn’t used a microwave until this year. DrPaulCookGP branded Monty a “luddite”.  DON’T MISS:'Gutted!' Mark Labbett breaks silence after being axed from The Chase [INSIGHT]'Go f*** yourselves!' Britney Spears rages in final Instagram post [LATEST]Demi Moore, 59, leaves fans taken aback with ageless pics [PICTURES] He said: “Just the merest hint of the Luddite in the second half of that tweet Monty” followed by a winking emoji.” On Wednesday, Monty took to Twitter with an admission.  He surprised fans when he revealed he doesn’t own a pair of jeans, which are an essential item in most wardrobes, calling them uncomfortable. Twitter user Damocrat wrote: “Jacob Rees Mogg just said on LBC that he doesn’t own a pair of jeans. “What kind of person doesn’t own a pair of jeans?” Monty replied and shared his reasons: “Me. Too impractical. "Uncomfortable, too tight pockets, slow to dry when wet and chafing when hot.” Monty’s followers agreed with him, especially YvonneOstman who replied, saying: “I couldn’t agree more. “Jeans are not for me.”