Andy Murray has detailed his plan for when he retires from professional tennis, and he hopes fellow British star and reigning US Open champion Emma Raducanu can play a part. Murray has enjoyed a brilliant career on the ATP Tour that has seen him win 42 singles titles, including two Wimbledon crowns, and a US Open victory back in 2012 - and he has inspired the next generation of players. Despite his successes, the Brit has somewhat struggled in recent years - after being plagued by a number of injuries. With the 34-year-old now in the latter stages of his career, Murray has been discussing what could come next and he aims to help bring through the next crop of professional British players. Discussing his family’s plans to help the grass roots level of the sport, he told Moselle Open: “My mum is doing a lot of work actually, and working with grassroots tennis, and especially trying to get a lot of young girls playing tennis. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic in classy text message to tennis ace Sergiy Stakhovsky Britain’s most recent rising star has come in the form of Raducanu, who shot to fame last September as she became US Open champion at just 18 years of age. The teenager - who became the first qualifier to win a Grand Slam title - turned into a sporting superstar overnight, and Murray is hoping her successes can help inspire the next generation. He continued: “It’s been difficult. Hopefully with Emma Raducanu’s success and stuff, that will get more younger people into the sport.” The former British and world No 1 went on to add that as well as getting youngsters involved in the sport, the key is to ensure they remain in the system and continue to play. DON'T MISSRoger Federer's stunning record that Djokovic and Nadal won't matchSascha Zverev blasts Davis Cup crowd as he claims fans abused familyTennis star claims Russian players are 'making fun' of Ukrainian war Murray commented: “It is not just about getting them to start playing, you need to keep them in the sport for longer. “That I think is also a challenge. “But yeah look, tennis is a sport that has given me so much and I dedicate a lot of my time just now to my tennis and my family. “But obviously at some stage when I stop playing I will definitely look to give back to the sport in the UK because it’s given me a lot. “It is a sport that I love so when I finish playing I’ll definitely look to do more.” Murray’s last outing saw him pick up a round of 16 finish, after he was eliminated by Italian Jannik Sinner at the Dubai Tennis Championships. The Scot will be back in action this week though, after receiving a wildcard to compete at Indian Wells - which kicks off on March 10. 