The report, published by the Institute of Fiscal Studies (IFS), found that policies put in place since Boris Johnson became Prime Minister in 2019 will add around £46 billion to the country's tax burden. This is the equivalent of two percentage points of GDP, which is roughly the same size overseen by Tony Blair when he was the Labour leader and even more than when Gordon Brown was in power. The analysis found that this will add as much as £46 billion to the UK's tax burden, which equates to double the country's annual defence budget. The think tank also noted that no other Prime Minister since Margaret Thatcher has sought to reduce taxes during their time in office. The IFS shocking findings come one week before Chancellor Rishi Sunak's spring statement on March 23, after he has come under increasing pressure to address the cost-of-living crisis. However, both the Chancellor and Mr Johnson continue to resist calls to implement tax cuts despite rising pressure from some Tory MPs. Next month National Insurance tax will increase by 1.25 percent for employers and employees, helping drive the tax burden to its highest point in 70 years. The National Insurance increase will come at the same time the energy price cap will rise to around £700 causing household bills to soar. New data shows that the Treasury will now receive £12.5 billion more from freezing income tax than previously thought as a result of soaring inflation caused by Covid restrictions easing and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. READ MORE: Oil Price surge: Fears of ‘de-facto lockdown’ soar as petrol prices... The tax threshold freeze is now on track to be a £20.5 billion tax hike - two and a half times more than was expected when the Chancellor first announced the four-year freeze in income tax thresholds. Isaac Delestre, a research economist at the IFS and an author of the report, told The Daily Telegraph: "The Government's choice to move away from austerity and ease pressure on public services was never going to come for free. "Starting from this April, a number of large tax rises are due to kick in which will, if fully implemented, take the UK's tax burden to a level we haven't seen for decades. "Mr Johnson and Mr Sunak may find a way to cut some taxes before the next election. But if we look just at their actions to date, they have announced as large a tax increase in two years as Mr Blair and Mr Brown did in 10." DON'T MISS: Rishi Sunak's bombshell spring budget tax admission [INSIGHT]Council tax refunds: Thousands could be in the wrong council tax band [ANALYSIS]Inheritance tax: How much will you pay this year? Tips to reduce levy [COMMENT] The IFS report said: "If the Chancellor's plans remain unchanged, next month will mark the beginning of a steep ascent in the path of UK taxation. "It will come hand in hand with a spike in inflation, only fuelled further by the conflict in Ukraine. Not for nothing did TS Eliot call April the cruellest month." Both Labour and Conservative MPs have urged Mr Sunak to tackle the cost-of-living crisis, which will further be exacerbated by the tax increases. Earlier this week, Gordon Brown along with 70 local government leaders wrote to the Chancellor telling him he must scrap the 1.25 percent increase to National Insurance. The group also urged the government to support households in buying green products such as insulation to bring down energy costs.