Fears about the British Sovereign's physical wellbeing have been growing in recent weeks, ever since she tested positive for Covid in February. At the beginning of March, the 95-year-old was forced to miss the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey. The Queen sent her eldest son, Prince Charles, to fill in for her, while she recuperated. A royal expert has now warned the British public that they may well never see the monarch again at major set-piece events, such as the Trooping of the Colour. In a Daily Mail column, Christopher Wilson wrote: "It is now increasingly clear that we should not expect to see our Head of State again at any of those traditional set pieces in the Royal year – Trooping the Colour, the State Opening of Parliament, Royal Ascot and the rest." The British Sovereign will celebrate her 96th birthday on April 21st. Every year she marks her official birthday in June at the Trooping of the Colour ceremony. More than 1,400 parading soldiers, 200 horses and 400 musicians come together in a great display of military precision, horsemanship and fanfare to mark the occasion. The parade moves from Buckingham Palace and down The Mall to Horse Guard's Parade, alongside Members of the Royal Family on horseback and in carriages. The display closes with an RAF fly-past, watched by Members of the Royal Family from Buckingham Palace balcony. The event is almost always broadcast on the BBC and is watched by millions around the world. However, it seems increasingly unlikely that the monarch will be able to actively participate in this year's celebration on account of her frail health. Reports have emerged suggesting the Queen is finding it "extremely difficult" to walk or stand for long periods. Christopher Biggins even claimed the British sovereign is "largely confined to a wheelchair" during an interview on GB News. READ MORE: Hidden meanings behind Kate Middleton's Caribbean emeralds from Queen The actor said: “I have heard that the reason she’s not doing a lot of the events that she should be doing and cancelling them is that she is in a wheelchair." He added: “She doesn’t want to be seen, she’s very proud. “It’s so very sad and I hope she is able to make her anniversary celebrations.” April 9 will mark one year since Prince Philip passed away. There will be a memorial service for the late Royal. A leading royal author said the Queen would make a "huge effort" to attend the service. DON'T MISS Queen was told by Jamaicans: 'We don't see you how benefit us' [REVEAL]Kate Middleton wears blue to show ‘stability’ & ‘reliability’  [SPOTLIGHT]Harry and Meghan blasted for snubbing heartbreaking day for Queen [NEWS] Phil Dampier said: “They will have to make allowances for her - and no one will begrudge it." A source also said the monarch may be flown by helicopter to the memorial service to ensure her comfort. They explained: "Everything is being looked at to make sure the Queen makes it to Philip’s service. “But the most important thing is to make sure she is comfortable. “A 15-minute flight is better than an hour in the back of a car."