On the Ramsey Show - Highlights Youtube channel, the American personal finance personalities advised a caller on how he can retire a millionaire. Dominic from New Jersey called The Ramsey Show for advice on the amount of money he needed to retire. He asked: “what should be my rule of thumb?” Dominic wanted to retire with $3million (around £2million) by the time he turned 67. He currently maxes out his pension contributions and his tax free allowances but he still fears “it won’t be enough”. In reality there is no “ideal amount” for a group of people as everyone has different lifestyle goals. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment eligibility explained as cut-off to get £25 this winter nears  He said: “The good thing is that you want to take control of that and what you’re spending, and how you’re living." Mr Ramsey said people need to know their retirement IQ (R:IQ). He explained that for someone making $60,000 (around £45,000)a year, they can definitely make millions. He continued: “If you do what we teach and save 15 percent of your household income from age 30 - 70, you would have about $8million (around £6million) in a good mutual fund. “If I’m half wrong, you still have double what you’re projecting.” As long as people can live off the growth in their pensions and investments, they will be fine. Mr Ramsey continued: “Let’s say you had $3million (around £2.2million) invested and you were getting annual growth around 10 percent. “That's around $300,000 (around £228,000)a year, without touching the $3million. “If the annual growth with eight percent, that’s about $240,000 (around £183,000). “As long as you can live off the growth of your investments, it will be enough. “The trick is to have a nest egg big enough that you can live off the money it makes without touching the initial investment you put in for years." Mr Hogan explained that in reality, if people have no debt, they don’t require as much money anyway. This allows people to be more in control of what they are saving, and what they hope to draw from their investment each month during retirement.