Snooker star Robert Milkins has apologised after turning up drunk to an event before clashing with guests in some ugly scenes. The 46-year-old faces disciplinary action after ending up in a hospital in Turkey following a marathon birthday drinking session that turned sour. Known as The Milkman, Milkins turned 46 on Sunday and had celebrated the night before. It ensured he arrived at the opening ceremony for the inaugural Turkish Masters in Antalya appearing a little worse for wear. Milkins was reportedly involved in an altercation with guests at the VIP event and he even fell and split his chin open in the toilets. Soon after, he had a public argument with Jason Ferguson, the chairman of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association. JUST IN: Ronnie O'Sullivan opens up on his 'snooker depression'. The inebriated Milkins - who ironically blares out The Wurzels hit song ‘I Am a Cider Drinker’ for his walk-on - was then rushed to a nearby hospital where he had his stomach pumped, before being collected by fellow player Jimmy Robertson. It was a highly embarrassing incident for the snooker authorities on their first visit to a new territory with huge lucrative potential. To cap off his nightmare in Turkey, Milkins was dumped out the tournament after losing 5-4 to China’s Ding Junhui on Tuesday. “I drank far too much. I don’t know exactly what happened — I was in a state where I didn’t know where I was,” Milkins admitted. DON'T MISSLaila Rouass pulls out of engagement amid Ronnie O'Sullivan splitRonnie O'Sullivan calls it quits after 10 years with fiancéeRonnie O'Sullivan's snooker retirement hint: 'Doesn't make sense' “It was my birthday and I had been drinking for a long time but that is no excuse. “I can only apologise to any guests I offended. I wouldn’t have known who it was. “My behaviour was totally out of order. I will take whatever punishment I receive. It won’t be happening again. “I only play to try and support my kids and I have let them down as well, which is the worst bit. “I really can’t afford a big fine anyway if that’s what I get if you look at what I have earned this season, I’d have to pay it in instalments. “Maybe it was karma for me to then lose.” Ding and Yan Bingato both progressed to the last 32 of the Turkish Masters. Ding battled to a win over Milkins while Yan beat Joe O’Connor 5-2. Judd Trump defeated Michael Georgiou in the evening session, and Shaun Murphy eased into the next round. Ronnie O'Sullivan, Neil Robertson and Mark Selby are not playing the tournament.