Most orchid owners have a phalaenopsis, and they are “the best to start with” according to Burnham Nurseries, as they are the easiest to care for and can flower several times a year. In order to get your plant blooming two to three times in a 12 month period, there are certain things you can do, and the orchid experts shared them with Express.co.uk. Sara from Burnham Nurseries explained why phalaenopsis orchids are so popular: “They love the home temperature, need simple care and flower all year round.” She also shared her top tips when it comes to caring for an orchid. The expert revealed: “Temperature - keep warm with a minimum of 18 degrees in winter. “Watering - only ever water once the roots have dried out, check weekly to see if they are still damp. READ MORE: ‘You can’t go wrong’: Coffee filter hack for potting up plants “Light - give good natural light but avoid the bright summer sun that can burn the leaves. “Pot - clear pots help the grower to keep an eye on the health of the roots but you can sit this inside a ceramic pot. “The clear plastic pot must have plenty of drainage holes,” she added. Sara also suggested “misting the aerial roots regularly” and said you shouldn’t “allow the pot to sit in water”. DON'T MISS...Peace lilies: ‘Essential’ trick for keeping your houseplants healthy [INSIGHT]Houseplants: Use the mayonnaise ’super trick’ to grow ‘healthy’ plants [EXPERT]How to sleep better: The 9 houseplants to help you drift off [EXPLORE] Once you’ve mastered the basics, it’s time to think about creating the best environment for your orchid to flower more than once a year. Sara said: “Most orchids will only flower once a year as they have growing and flowering seasons. “Phalaenopsis are the only orchids that can flower throughout the year as they don’t have a season. “Given the correct culture, plenty of diffused natural light and not overfed with nitrogen, if the plant is healthy then there is no reason why it should not flower regularly.” So how can you encourage an orchid to reflower? Sara explained: “If the plant is healthy then there is no reason for it not to flower, it may be just needs a push.” She suggested doing three things to help it: “Try moving to a different position, slightly cooler for a while, add some ‘bloom’ feed or even repot to give the plant a change and kickstart it back into flowering again.” Burnham Nurseries Ltd is situated in picturesque South Devon and has been run by the Rittershausen Family since 1949, now in its third generation. They have the largest selection of orchid species and hybrids available in the UK and their unique nursery can be visited any time of the year. Burnham Nurseries also offers Orchid Masterclasses, which are full day courses to help you learn all the basics when it comes to orchids. Alternatively, if you have a poorly orchid, or just need some advice on culture or repotting, then you can bring the plant along to one of their monthly Orchid Clinics.