House prices continued to rocket throughout March, but for those selling their property, paying attention to detail could make a world of difference. According to new research by building and renovation experts at Roofing Megastore, some key "garden fails" could devalue your property by as much as £6,000. Roofing Megastore’s Garden Trends Report surveyed 2,000 prospective buyers, who were asked about the garden trends they now value the most and which would cause them to lower their offer on a property they were looking to buy. Many of the issues that are most likely to see buyers reduce their offers are related to elements of the garden that are in need of repair. However, some of these problems can be fixed for little to no cost, by simply cleaning or reorganising. READ MORE: Cleaning: The 'easy' trick to get rid of mould in your home The top 15 garden mistakes that can devalue your property A mouldy or dirty conservatory roof - potential value reduction of £6,140 Damaged garden walls - potential value reduction of £5,988 No lawn - potential value reduction of £5,871 Broken guttering - potential value reduction of £5,807 Cracked or damaged patio - potential value reduction of £5,804 Invasive or damaging plants - potential value reduction of £5,720 Old or mouldy decking - potential value reduction of £5,712 DON'T MISSHouse prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [REVEALED]Property: ‘Beautiful’ garden plant that makes homes ‘more desirable’ [COMMENT]London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [INSIGHT] Damaged decking - potential value reduction of £5,610 Rubbish or debris in the garden - potential value reduction of £5,554 Broken fences - potential value reduction of £5,384 North facing garden - potential value reduction of £5,318 Dead trees or plants - potential value reduction of £5,215 Overgrown weeds in pathways and borders - potential value reduction of £5,155 Pond - potential value reduction of £5,061 Children's play equipment and toys everywhere - potential value reduction of £5,025 According to the research, forgetting about cleaning the roof of your conservatory or orangery could leave potential buyers running for the door, with a whopping potential value decrease of £6,140. Similarly, you could face a loss of almost £6,000 if you forget to fix up a worse-for-wear garden wall. With summer on the approach, and many people understanding the perks of having an outdoor space after the previous two years' lockdowns, having a lawn is essential for many buyers. Roofing Megastore claims that properties with a private green space could see sale prices boosted by up to £5,871. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Any wear and tear outside of your property could also see your sale price plummeting. Paying attention to broken guttering, old decking, cracked patio slabs and broken fences can also make a world of difference. Even if you aren't particularly green-thumbed, it is also worth getting out into the garden for some basic mowing and pruning. Gian-Carlo Grossi, managing director at Roofing Megastore comments: “It’s so important to maintain your garden because mouldy roofs, damaged decking and broken guttering can all significantly decrease the value of your home. "Not only can a neglected garden be a health hazard and unappealing to look at, often, basic maintenance or DIY is all that’s needed to fix many of the issues that put buyers off the most."