The UK officially left the EU in January last year after an 11-month transition period and the effects of the UK’s severed ties with the bloc were almost immediate. In February last year, the EU’s vaccination rate was around a fifth of Great Britain’s, with the UK having vaccinated more than 10 million people. That was the then-third highest vaccine distribution rate in the world behind Israel and the UAE. Members of the UK Government were claiming Brexit was behind the lightning-fast vaccination programme. Health Secretary at the time Matt Hancock said in an interview on Times Radio: “Because of Brexit we’ve been able to make decisions [to approve the Pfizer vaccine] based on the UK regulator, a world-class regulator, and not go at the pace of the Europeans who are moving a little bit more slowly. “We do all the same safety checks and the same processes, but we’ve been able to speed up how they’re done because of Brexit.” Dr Bull, who is Deputy Leader of Reform UK, formerly known as the Brexit Party, also cited the vaccine rollout as one of Brexit’s notable successes. Read More: Boy, 14, arrested on suspicion of rape of a young girl Speaking to Express.co.uk Dr Bull said: “I think there have been some really notable successes [of Brexit]. “Actually as a doctor the one that really, really strikes me is the fact that because we had decoupled from the European Union, we were able to procure vaccines for Covid much, much faster. “And actually what I don’t think people realise is you didn’t have to decouple to do that but I think given the fact we had severed our relationship with the European Union it gave us the confidence to go ahead and procure those vaccines.” Under European law the UK had been permitted to act independently to approve the vaccine in an emergency since 2012.   The UK Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency had been free to give temporary approval to unlicensed medical products in the case of specific public health threats, including a pandemic. Dr Bull continued: “Actually the production of a British vaccine through Astra-Zeneca, through the vaccination programme, which initially was brilliant and world-beating, was extraordinary. “So that is the most tangible benefit to date that I can think of.” The Reform UK Deputy Leader also cited the UK's free trade agreement with Australia and a trade deal in principle with New Zealand as victories for the Government. Don't Miss:Boris Johnson ‘right that Britain wanted to be free from EU’ ‒ POLL[OPINION]Brexit: Tony Benn destroys 'EU idea’ in unearthed video[INSIGHT]Michael Caine’s brilliant point about Brexit: 'Rather be poor!'[ANALYSIS]  It is estimated that over a 15 year period the agreements will increase the size of the UK economy by between £200million and £500million. The Government is also negotiating with the likes of India, Mexico and Canada to secure further deals this year. Dr Bull added: “I think one of the other things to look at is [that]  if we are an independent sovereign nation and all those things about ‘taking back control’, clearly what we need to do is to relook at Britain’s place in the world. “And the fact is that trade with Europe was declining to the United Kingdom and yet we were hamstrung by their rules and regulations.  “And the UK Government has begun to strike trade deals. I think it's something in the region of £760 billion of trade deals.” The total value of the UK’s trade it was involved with in 2020 was £760billion, though the majority of these deals were in place before Brexit and have been rolled over. The politician continued: “I’m a big fan of the Commonwealth and I think the ones with Australia and New Zealand are particularly pertinent. “And then of course by 2022 [I hope] we can secure them with India particularly ‒  from my perspective India currently makes a third of the world’s medicines, by 2050 India will make half of the world’s medicines. “So why on earth would we be doing deals with declining European countries whereas I would much rather be doing the deals with places such as India. “Mexico’s another very interesting country, and in the Commonwealth, Canada, and of course the United States is a very important market.” 