Earlier this week, John Bercow was suspended from the Labour Party after the inquiry found the former Speaker was guilty of bullying. The PA news agency understands Mr Bercow is currently under investigation by the party. A decision on the future of his membership is set to follow the investigation. It comes after a report published by the Independent Expert Panel (IEP) into the former Commons speaker's conduct states Mr Bercow "has been a serial liar" and "a serial bully". According to the Spectator, allegations of Mr Bercow's bullying behaviour were aired by the BBC's Newsnight programme as early as May 2018. Five months later he faced calls to quit following an independent report conducted by Dame Laura Cox found that harassment and bullying had been tolerated and concealed for years. Three Tory MPs from the representation group chaired by Mr Bercow resigned citing his handling of bullying and sexual harassment allegations in parliament as the reason for doing so. Despite this many continued to support him after he quit as Speaker in 2019. Now, remainers who have previously shown support for the Speaker have been slated on social media. Femi Oluwole, a British political activist and writer for the Independent, came under fire for a post he penned in 2019. READ MORE: Iain Dale dismantles Bercow's bullying defence His post read: “I genuinely want John Bercow to be our temporary Prime Minister. “I reckon he would absolutely boss the negotiations.” Mahyar Tousi, a political YouTuber, quoted the message of support for Mr Bercow, and wrote: “The absolute state of this.” While Christian Calgie, Senior Reporter at Guido Fawkes, also weighed in writing: “Even excluding the bullying stuff this is top tier embarrassing”. Gary Lineker was also skewered for a post he had written about the former Speaker in 2019. The former footballer shared a clip of John Bercow receiving a standing ovation from MPs, as he announced his intention to stand down as House of Commons Speaker. Mr Lineker wrote: “A principled man and a difficult act to follow. Well played, John Bercow.” DON'T MISS Labour on the wrong side of history AGAIN after welcoming Bercow [ANALYSIS] John Bercow SUSPENDED from Labour after being found guilty of bullying [REVEAL]John Bercow’s chilling 'bully' claims laid bare: 'Bawled out insults' [INSIGHT] Mike Graham humiliated the sports broadcaster over this unearthed support, writing: “Oh dear. Gazza gets it wrong again on #Bercow”. Also on Wednesday, Andrew Neil shared a piece from the Spectator entitled “Eight embarrassed Bercow backers” which Mr Lineker featured in. In response, Gary hit back writing: “Not embarrassed in the slightest. I’ve been mistaken many times. “Was clearly wrong about Bercow, and bullying is awful and never acceptable. We all make misjudgements about people or things…don’t we, Andrew?” Others in the firing line included Lord Adonis, as users questioned whether he still backed the former Speaker. In 2019, the Chair of Euromove, the largest pro-European organisation in the UK, made reference to a news piece that detailed Lord Fowler had launched a public attack on John Bercow “condemning his determination” in not letting the then-president Donald Trump address parliament during a state visit. Lord Adonis wrote at the time: “I strongly support John Bercow on this. “Not wise for the Lord Speaker to criticise the Speaker of the House of Commons who also happens to be the best champion of Parliament in decades”. An NHS worker called Paul quoted this back to Lord Adonis, adding: “On the date that Bercow is banned from parliament, @Andrew_Adonis, do you stand by these words?” In a statement on the verdict of the inquiry, Mr Bercow said: "All I can say is that the case against me would have been thrown out by any court in the land since it is based on the flimsiest of evidence, rooted in hearsay and baseless rumour, and advanced by old school dogmatists once intent on resisting change at all costs and now settling some ancient scores with me. "Add to that a dash of personal spite and you have some idea of the vengeful vendetta mounted against me. "It is a travesty of justice and brings shame on the House of Commons. "This has been a protracted, amateurish and unjust process which would not have survived five minutes' scrutiny in court. To describe what I have experienced as a kangaroo court is grossly insulting to kangaroos. None of the investigators is a lawyer and the commissioner overseeing them has no expertise whatsoever in the consideration of alleged bullying. "Throughout, gossip from absent friends of the complainants has been treated as the absolute truth whilst eyewitnesses who challenged the allegations were described as 'not helpful' and discounted. The commissioner even presumed to make findings on matters about which I was never questioned."