As Virgin River fans await the highly anticipated fourth season of the romantic drama, many have taken to rewatching the series. As a result, observant viewers spotted a strange blunder with Paige Lassiter (played by Lexa Doig) and Christopher’s (Chase Petriw) escape plan from season three.  Paige was first introduced in season one as the single mother to Christopher and the owner of the town’s bakery truck. However, viewers and locals became suspicious about her real identity after she was mistaken for someone called Michelle. This escalated after she told Preacher (Colin Lawrence) about her lack of paper trail by disclosing she didn’t have a bank account and only ever handled cash. As the season progressed, the two began to get closer and their feelings began to develop. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump Later on, Preacher found an ID card in Paige's car, which included her photo alongside the name Michelle. However, with Paige’s reluctance to pursue a relationship and her overprotectiveness over Christopher, Preacher knew something was wrong. It was soon discovered Michelle was her real identity and she was on the run after she left an abusive relationship with a man called Wes (Steve Bacic). She escaped the marriage by taking Christopher to Virgin River and changing her name. However, fans spotted something strange about the escape plans and exposed it on Reddit. Emmylu22 wrote: “I don’t get it…Paige was colouring her son’s hair to try to change his appearance, but she doesn’t seem to do anything to make herself look different! “Her hair colour and appearance look pretty much the same as her mug shot/driver's licence. “You’d think since she’s on the run, she’d be wearing a wig and glasses,” the user concluded. DON'T MISS...Antiques Roadshow guest lost for words over valuation of FA Cup medals [REACTION]'Didn't think I could do it' Virgin River's Tara star on 'anxiety' [INSIGHT] Virgin River season 4 release: Mel star drops huge update [INSIGHT]  Notthisagain234 added: “I agree that was weird, I would think she would want to just blend in and evade notice as much as possible. “If I saw that little boy irl I would wonder why in the world his parents were blonding that child’s hair. So unnatural looking and weird.” However, omgbbqpork made an interesting observation and stated: “I always thought that she dyed Christopher’s hair to protect him since they’re not always together like to prevent her ex from spotting him at school or when she’s not around to protect. “She’s an adult and can be more diligent. But yes, she definitely should have at least changed her hairstyle.” Sadly, her attempts failed as Wes was introduced in season two after he was able to trace Paige and Christopher's location to Virgin River. Wes began to abuse Paige again, and the couple ended up getting into a physical fight at the top of the stairs. During the grapple, Paige pushed Wes away which led to him falling down the stairs, and when he reached the bottom it was discovered he was dead. Preacher came to her rescue and got rid of the body while Paige went to stay with friends until things cooled down. Hopefully, in the upcoming season, fans will find out if she was able to make it out alive and gain an insight into where she had been hiding out. Virgin River seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix. 