The Countess, whose ex-partner was a member of Putin's inner circle, was interviewed about the Russian dictator by Lorraine Kelly on Monday's instalment of her ITV talk show. During their discussion, the 48-year-old socialite highlighted how Putin's physical appearance has changed in recent years. She then revealed a "dripping" of information about why she believed there has been "huge bloating" to his face. As the conflict between Ukraine and Russia continues, Lorraine invited Countess Tolstoy onto her programme to talk about the ongoing crisis. They soon turned the conversation towards Putin's appearance, showing ITV viewers side by side photographs of his face looking "different" recently. While Lorraine addressed speculation the Russian dictator has undergone plastic surgery, the aristocrat thought the "bloating" was caused by something else. Countess Tolstoy descends from a long line of Russian nobility and shares children with Sergei Pugachev who was known as "Putin's banker" prior to fleeing the country.  READ MORE: 'I just love it' Brenda Blethyn shares future plans for playing Vera The mother-of-four told Lorraine: "There's been speculation as to whether [Putin's] ill and his face seems to imply that with his huge bloating." Lorraine interjected: "Yes, he does look very different. I mean some have said it's plastic surgery, it's botox, it's whatever. "I mean we all look different as we get older of course but that is so different." Countess Tolstoy added: "No that's so different and I've noticed there is a dripping of information about steroid use which does seem to talk to some kind of illness."   Lorraine looked at the Countess and nodded following her comments regarding the leader's face. The Countess is not the only person who has spoken out on the 69-year-old's facial bloating. Intelligence sources have also suggested Putin's "bloated face" could be potential side effects of prolonged use of steroids. Citing sources close to the Kremlin, senior figures from Australia, New Zealand, the UK and the US, believe there is a physiological explanation for his globally reviled decision to invade Ukraine. DON'T MISS...Russia ‘using banned white phosphorus bombs’ [UPDATE]Big thank you to our British comrades!' Ukrainian soldier speaks after [LATEST]'Don't understand!' Lorraine blasts as Prince Harry avoids UK visit [MUST SEE]  A security source told The Daily Mail: "It is only human sources that can offer you the sort of rich picture that we have of Putin’s psyche. "There has been an identifiable change in his decision-making over the past five years or so. "Those around him see a marked change in the cogency and clarity of what he says and how he perceives the world around him." The source said Putin's "increasingly erratic behaviour" combined with a bloated appearance point to drug use.  Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky revealed 1,300 Ukrainian troops have died in the conflict to date but claimed the Russian army has suffered its largest losses in decades, with an estimated 6,000 deaths. On Monday morning, a spokesperson for the Ukrainian president's office has hinted at progress, saying Ukraine is pushing for an immediate ceasefire. However, Russia is continuing to bombard many Ukrainian cities. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. 