Vanessa Woodfield (played by Michelle Hardwick) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) were one of Emmerdale’s most beloved couples but now the pair are attempting to exist in the village as nothing more than friends. However, when Charity ignores her ex’s plea to give things another try with Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb) will Vanessa ever be able to forgive the Dingle pub landlord? In Friday’s episode, Charity attempted to get in contact with Vanessa after the pair shared an intimate moment. However, after a run-in with Mackenzie, Vanessa realised she couldn’t be responsible for breaking his heart. Confronting Vanessa, Charity said: “Jai [Sharma] (Chris Bisson) said you had a long chat with Mackenzie.” “Yeah he was upset,” Vanessa replied and Charity asked: “What because you told him about us?” “No I didn’t there wasn’t anything to tell,” she hit back but the Dingle landlord argued: “Come on you know that’s not true.” Read more: Emmerdale twist as Rhona Goskirk’s secret exposed by Mary? “If you’re talking about what happened yesterday it was nothing,” Vanessa swiped. “It wasn’t nothing to me and I don’t believe it was nothing for you either,” Charity said. “Whatever it was it’s best forgotten there’s more important things you should be thinking about like Mackenzie. He really loves you,” the mum-of-one replied. “This isn’t about him, it's about you and me,” Charity quipped and Vanessa hit back: “You’re wrong. He’s terrified of losing you. I don’t want to be the one who does that to him. I know how I felt when you two did it to me. I think you should give him his chance I’m sorry Charity but that’s how I feel.” As Vanessa walked away, Charity cried out: “You can’t just pretend last night didn’t happen. I will never give up on us.” Charity has a history of lashing out when she’s in pain and she may break up with Mackenzie despite Vanessa’s warning. If the Dingle landlord ends up in bed with someone else this could be the final straw for Vanessa who would be devastated over Charity throwing their relationship away for Mackenzie only to break the latter’s heart. Earlier in the episode, Vanessa realised Charity was loved by someone else during a heart-to-heart with Mackenzie. Mackenzie asked Vanessa: “Have you ever thought you were doing something for the best and found out you screwed everything up?” “I guess we all have,” she replied and he added: “I just keep making the same mistake I don’t suppose I could ask your advice.” DON'T MISSEmmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor after she loses custody of son Lucas? [THEORY]Emmerdale heartache as Paddy rushed to hospital after health scare? [SPOILER]Emmerdale star Alexander Lincoln talks soap's 'intense' 11-hour days [INSIGHT] “I’m sure you could find someone smarter than me,” Vanessa remarked. “I doubt that you know Charity better than anyone which makes it unfair for me to ask for your advice considering what you guys meant to one another,” he said. Vanessa quipped: “That’s all in the past now ancient history,” but Mackenzie noted: “I’m not sure Charity sees it that way she still thinks the world of you.” “Like I said that’s in the past it’s you she’s into now,” she insisted. “Until I screwed up,” Mackenzie explained. “She was really stressing about the grand opening and I was determined to do something to help which is why I sabotaged the B&B after all they did it to us first and then I’m the one who gets the sack.” “She’s probably overreacting when she’s had time to think she’ll see it wasn’t all your fault,” Charity’s ex reasoned. Mackenzie argued: “Vanessa you know Charity it’s not how she thinks it’s never about how she thinks it’s about how she feels and right now she feels that I’m bad news.” Vanessa attempted to encourage Mackenzie but he hit back: “We’re going around in circles that was the last straw.” “What you’re giving up on her?” Vanessa asked and he replied: “I don’t see any way I can get her back." The mum-of-one questioned: “You really love her don’t you?” before telling Mackenzie he should step up and be there for Charity. If the Dingle pub landlord rejects Mackenzie and moves on with someone else will Vanessa ever be able to forgive her? Emmerdale airs on ITV on weekdays at 7.30pm.