According to Chris Mcllroy, a lawn expert at The Grass People, there are three key problems your lawn may face which can result in "discolouration" and "patches". Though two of these are officially classed as "garden pests", one problem might not be something you typically think of. However, if you do notice any of these issues cropping up, now is the perfect time to tackle your grass as the weather gets warmer. Mr Mcllroy said: "March is a perfect time to begin work on your garden again. After winter, our grass can look a bit weathered and worse for wear. "Luckily, there are plenty of jobs that you can do to ensure your grass is back to normal and in top shape for the upcoming spring and summer season." Keeping an eye out for specific signs of pests can give you an insight into whether you have a problem. Here are three common problems that could be causing damage to your lawn: READ MORE: Property: The ‘crucial’ home feature to check when buying a house According to Mr Mcllroy, one pest that you may find lurking in your grass is "leatherjackets". These bugs are the tough-skinned larva of a large crane fly. Most often leatherjackets live in the soil, where they feed on plant matter and can seriously damage the roots of grasses and crops. Mr Mcllroy said: "They thrive in poorly drained lawns and hatch from eggs laid by daddy-long-legs. "You may spot you have a leatherjacket problem if yellow patches in your lawn appear as they feed on the roots and stems of blades causing your lawn to discolour and turn yellow or brown." One of the easiest ways to tackle leatherjackets is by making your lawn space inhabitable for them to live. Mr Mcllroy added: "As they thrive in poorly drained soil, an easy way to prevent leatherjackets from inhabiting your lawn is regular aeration to improve the drainage of your soil. "If you already have a leatherjacket problem, you can treat it with nematodes which are bacterial worms that naturally kill leatherjackets. "There are different types of nematodes so when purchasing them for your lawn ensure you buy the Steinernema Feltiae nematode." DON'T MISSHow to remove brown stains from a toilet - 4 ways to shift limescale [EXPLAINER]‘The risk is real’: Monty Don shares warning on Gardeners’ World [COMMENT]'Greener lawn in two hours': Special product used by lawn expert  [REVEALED] Chafer grubs are the soil-dwelling larvae of chafer beetles and can be easily spotted in your lawn. Mr Mcllroy explained: "You may come across chafer grubs when digging over your lawn, they are small cream coloured grubs that enjoy eating away the roots of your grass." Depending on the species of chafer, they either feed on decaying plant matter or plant roots. However, several species also feed on the roots of grasses, which make them a common lawn-targeting pest. Mr Mcllroy said: "You’ll soon notice your beautiful green lawn turning into large brown tufts, which can be removed by yourself." To make matters worse, chafer grubs can also attract larger animals who feast on the larvae. Mr Mcllroy added: "If chafer grubs are left to spread across your grass and become rife, you may find other pests such as badgers and foxes digging up parts of your lawn." The best way to beat an invasion is by keeping up with regular lawn maintenance tasks. Mc Mcllroy explained: "As is the case with most lawn pests, chafer grubs can be prevented if you regularly maintain your grass, such as regular feeding, mowing, aeration and weed, and moss removal. "Similar to leatherjackets, there are specific nematodes that can combat chafer grubs. "These introduce a natural predator to the chafer grubs and lessen the population in your lawn, so look out for heterorhabditis bacteriophora if chafer grubs decide to inhabit your garden." Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Although your four-legged friend is by no means a pest, they can lead to some major problems for your lawn - especially if you have a female dog. Mr Mcllroy explained: "Not an official ‘pest’ but a female dog's pee can also damage our lawns. "Although their wee isn’t any different to their male counterparts, because female dogs squat when they pee instead of lifting their legs as male dogs do, the concentration of the nitrogen in their urine is more damaging and will cause patches to appear in your lawn." Luckily, there are some ways to help your lawn thrive in unison with your beloved pet. Mr Mcllroy said: "If you have a female, (or squatting male dog) you can use water to dilute their wee as this will lessen the effect on your grass or you can try cordoning an area of your garden off for your dog to use as their private toilet. "If you already have spots, the only way to cure them is to apply topsoil, seed, and water which will have them back green in no time."