Gareth Bale continues to cause a stir back in Spain after once again proving his doubters wrong by scoring a sensational double for Wales in their World Cup play-off semi-final against Austria. The Real Madrid ace seemingly cannot escape his detractors, who he claimed "should be ashamed of themselves" in the aftermath of Wales' crunch 2-1 win in Cardiff. Bale turned in a clutch performance, scoring two stunners to move his country a step closer to Qatar. Wales are now just one game away from their first World Cup finals since 1958 when they were beaten 1-0 by Brazil in Sweden courtesy of Pele's winner. Man of the moment Bale got the ball rolling with a stunning 25-yard free-kick that dipped over the wall and flew into the top corner. He then added a second after the interval to send the Cardiff City Stadium into raptures when he rifled home with aplomb from inside the area. READ MORE: Kylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Bale was animated during both goal celebrations, shouting down the camera in what many felt was a message to Real Madrid, something he denied after the win. He told Sky Sports: "No. I don't need to send a message, honestly. It's a waste of my time. It's disgusting, they should all be ashamed of themselves. I'm not fussed. End of." Back in Spain, his world-class showing prompted a fiery debate in the El Chiringuito studio, after one broadcaster urged Real Madrid to fire Bale immediately. The 32-year-old is out of contract with the Galacticos this summer and has played just once in La Liga under Carlo Ancelotti since August. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'must pay £25m eye-watering signing-on fee' to land Chelsea star Antonio RudigerMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughMan Utd alarm bells as Erik ten Hag 'interested in separate offer from another club' Broadcaster Cristobal Soria took aim at Bale during the show, claiming he was "stamping on the club [Real Madrid]" with his ability to turn on the style for his country. He said during last night's programme: "He's stamping on the club! And you're here saying 'well it's that, it's that.' "'What?!' He has to go! You have to fire him! "But what do you mean June? He's going to carry on lacking respect for the badge and the institution. But you want to wait until June? My god man..." One pundit then hit back, saying: "Well they can't just fire him!" Soria responded: "What do you mean they can't just fire him? "Where does it say you can't just fire him? Show me it. "And you'd have to pay it in June. You won't laugh at me again, I'll fire you. "And then a judge will tell me when and how much I have to pay you. They'll end up paying anyway!" Reports suggest Bale could retire from football this summer if Wales fail to qualify for the World Cup. If they do book their place in Qatar, the former Tottenham man will need to find a new club at the end of the season to maintain his fitness ahead of the tournament.