A cleaning guru discussed everything oven cleaning with Express.co.uk. Lucy, a cleaning, home, motherhood, and lifestyle influencer, discussed two methods she uses to clean the oven. She has amassed a legion of followers on her Instagram account @cleaningwithlucy and her YouTube channel. She boasts a whopping 74k likes to-date on her real-life cleaning videos on her TikTok account, Cleaning With Lucy. The cleaning aficionado was asked: "How do you tackle grease, removing it from the oven and removing grease stains?" Lucy suggested the Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser among her oven cleaning tips. She said: "Elbow Grease comes in a yellow bottle. READ MORE: 'Abrasive' cleaners do serious and permanent damage - avoid white vinegar and baking soda "It is great at removing grease stains from your oven. Spray, leave for a few minutes, and wipe clean." Ebow Grease describes the product as "the only cleaner you'll ever need." It also claims: "Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser, the all-purpose cleaning spray that has taken social media by storm and is a firm favourite of Mrs. Hinch, the social media sensation together with her army of Hinchers. "Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser, not only keeps the surface perfectly clean and grease-free, but it leaves a heavenly fresh lemon scent in your kitchen and bathroom that lasts for hours." However, for darker carbon stains, another method is in order. DON'T MISS'Great product' for the toilet to prevent the build up of stains [EXPERT] 'Great' baking soda tip for 'white and shiny' toilet [HACK] How to clean an oven: Cleaning guru's 'fantastic' tip [PROPERTY] Black, baked-on carbon stains are the result of grease and other food stuffs left in the oven. Then, all the water is baked out of lingering food and grease, leaving behind carbon. Lucy utilises a natural tool to get rid of these deposits, heat. "Black carbon stains, on the other hand, are best tackled with heat and an oven scraper," Lucy told Express.co.uk. "Turn the oven on full heat for 10 minutes turn off and scrape. Repeat until clear." Ovenu, an oven cleaning service, listed their "best oven cleaners". They are: It also suggested a mixture of lemon and baking soda. Mix the two together, wipe it over greasy areas. Leave it to soak for a while, and then scrub. Lucy also recently discussed cleaning toilet bowl stains, how she removes and prevents them. She removes the water from the toilet first, before using a Dr. Beckmann foaming cleaner. She then scrubs away at the stains before flushing the toilet. This, she promises, should eliminate stubborn stains.