As spring is just around the corner, garden trends are beginning to bloom. With the likelihood that gardens will be used more in 2022 than ever before, gardening experts have just the trend to transform any garden. Be the envy of the neighbourhood with this popular garden trend. A spokesperson for Garden Buildings Direct explained how “vertical pocket gardens” will be the “must-have” trend for people to invest in as it adds extra colour and vibrancy to homes. They said: “If you have no more room in your garden for plants, or indeed have no room at all for plants on the ground, then considering a vertical pocket garden is a great idea. “Vertical pocket gardens are the must-have for 2022. “All sorts of plants and fruit and vegetables can be grown in small pouches affixed to the wall of your home or outbuilding and provided they are looked after with enough sunlight and water throughout the year, they can thrive as well as other plants at ground level.” Vertical garden ideas are ideal for those packing plant interest into a small space. READ MORE: Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home This trend is particularly popular in urban spaces, where people may have little more than a balcony. Making use of wall space means gardeners can create a jungle oasis without cutting into valuable floor space. Vertical gardens are becoming increasingly popular as space-starved gardeners look for clever small garden ideas to help them make the most of their space. Luke Dejahang, CEO of Crown Pavilions explained how this trend is a great way to showcase plants while maximising space. He said: “Creating a vertical garden can be a great way to create more space while showcasing your plants in a new and artful way. DON'T MISS:How to clean glass shower doors - easy hacks using two kitchen items [INSIGHT]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [COMMENT]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ 2p hack for cleaning blinds [TIPS] “As this trend becomes more popular, we’ve seen people transform their garden rooms and gazebos into elevated spaces using vertical design gardening techniques.” This trend is also ideal for those looking to create a more private outdoor area. Samantha Jones, gardening expert at MyJobQuote said: “They are also ideal for anyone looking to create a more private outdoor space. “A vertical garden is perfect for providing an adequate screen around your garden.” Gardening experts at Garden Buildings Direct have shared some top tips for introducing a vertical pocket garden into your property. The experts explained how a “sturdy wooden frame” is essential for vertical pocket gardens. They said: “It is helpful to erect a sturdy wooden frame against the wall, which can be drilled into the concrete or brickwork with screws. “This means that when the material pouches are fixed into place, they are slightly apart from the wall.” Installation must also be carried out correctly. The gardening experts said: “Do not rush installation and follow accompanying instructions carefully. “Vertical pocket gardens not installed correctly can promote rot if put up hastily and without care, as they can otherwise hold moisture against the wall.” After installing the feature, consider introducing matting or rubber flooring immediately beneath the vertical pocket garden to help prevent dripping water from damaging the space below. Compared to a regular garden, these vertical pocket gardens are far “easier” to maintain. The experts added: “Working at eye level is easier than having to bend down and they are at less risk of damage from pests and disease as the plants are spaced apart in containers or pouches.”