 Admiral Sir Tony Radakin said: We know that Russia acknowledges that it's lost nearly 500 people, to put that into a context that's nearly 500 soldiers in one week. "That is more than the UK lost in Afghanistan over 20-years, Ukraine claimes nearly 10,000 casualties and we don't know if that is true but we do know that some of the lead elements of Russian forces have been decimated by the Ukrainian response. BBC Journalist said: "How worried are you that President Putin could use nuclear weapons?" JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Admiral Sir Tony Radakin added: "So I think we've got to be very cautious about President Putin's threats. "We are part of the world's largest military alliance, we have our own nuclear deterrent, we've got to retain calmness and responsibility so that we don't just react rashly to whatever is the latest, frankly at times bizarre or ridiculous comment form President Putin. "So we are prepared, we are professional armed forces, we will approach this conflict with that level of professionalism and responsibility that you would expect.    READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse     Ukrainian citizens and Ukrainian politicians have been calling for NATO to impose a no-fly zone across Ukraine to stop Russian forces from bombing the country. Many people do not know what a no-fly zone means, a no-fly zone would mean Western troops would have to shoot down Russian artillery, which would make them an active part of the conflict. Ukraine is not yet a NATO country which is one of the reasons President Putin has invaded, he never wants them to join and sees the possibility as a threat. NATO has dismissed calls for an active no-fly zone. Secretary-General of NATO, Jens Stoltenberg said: "We understand the desperation but we also believe that if we did that (establishing a no-fly zone) we would end up with something that could lead to a full-fledged war in Europe, involving much more countries. Russian President Putin has threatened retaliation with possible nuclear force if the no-fly zone was to be implemented. The implementation would see many other European countries fighting Russia and would lead to a larger conflict that some political commentators have claimed would start WW3. During a press conference yesterday in Russia, Putin said: "Now we are hearing that no-fly zone must be established over the territory of Ukraine. "It is impossible to do over the territory of Ukraine, it is only possible from the territory of some neighbouring countries. "But any move in this direction will be seen by us as a participation in the armed conflict or whichever side whose territory will pose a threat to our service members. "That very second we will view them as participants of the military conflict and would not matter what members they are."