Red Bull have responded to the alterations made to the Mercedes Formula One car by making some changes of their own. On the morning of the final day of F1 testing in Bahrain, Christian Horner’s team showed off smaller sidepods on their chassis after questioning their rivals’ W13 vehicle over their sidepods. It appeared to have worked a treat as Sergio Perez registered a 1:33.105 on Day Three - the fastest lap of the day in them orning session. The sidepods are more sculpted than they were previously while Red Bull's car also had a new floor and slightly different rear end on the car. The BBC's chief F1 writer Andrew Benson further explained some of the changes made to the Red Bull vehicle. “The bodywork changes slim down the lower part of the side pod to enlarge the already large cutaway even further, and cut away some of the upper part of the pod about halfway along,” he penned. “While the floor features a new section of waves and cuts at the widest point of the side pod. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton responds to Carlos Sainz with honest Mercedes verdict - ‘Tacky driving’ “Teams are using these to set up vortices that "seal" the floor edges and prevent air leaking into and out of the underfloor, thereby making the underfloor tunnels work better and maximising downforce. According to German publication Auto Motor und Sport on Thursday, Red Bull team principal Horner supposedly claimed the changes were not legal. Horner was supposed to have said: “From our point of view, Mercedes went a step too far. That doesn’t correspond to the spirit of the regulations. For us, these wings are illegal.” But just 24 hours later, Horner made a u-turn and denied making those comments. “Comments have been quoted that certainly were not made," he claimed. “Obviously Mercedes have come up with an extreme and different interpretation but to answer whether we think it is legal or not – yes, absolutely. It looks like it ticks all the boxes. “As far as we are concerned, the Mercedes car looks as though it complies with the regulations.” As it stands Perez remains out in front, while F1 rookie Guanyu Zhou sits in second with Alpha Tauri's Pierre Gasly in third.