Red Bull chief Christian Horner has reignited his fiery feud with Toto Wolff by claiming Mercedes’ behaviour towards former F1 race director Michael Masi since December’s Abu Dhabi Grand Prix has been “tantamount to bullying.” Masi came under fire after the season-deciding race in the desert had ended in controversy. Silver Arrows ace Lewis Hamilton had looked certain to win a record eighth F1 championship after building a comprehensive lead in Abu Dhabi. But a safety car was deployed following a late crash for Williams’ Nicholas Latifi. Five cars came between Hamilton and his title rival Max Verstappen during the pause after the Dutchman pitted for fresh tyres. Masi then decided to allow the cars to overtake and move out of the way, before giving Verstappen the nod to pull level with the Briton for a one-lap shootout. Verstappen ultimately got the better of his nemesis as he stormed to victory and claimed his maiden F1 title. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion  Mercedes were furious after the race and directed much of their anger towards Masi, with Hamilton unwilling to confirm that he would ever race again until the results of an investigation had been published. The FIA eventually decided to sack Masi, with Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich being announced as new race directors for the upcoming season. And Horner, who clashed with Wolff on a number of occasions last season, believes Mercedes chiefs have been well out of line over the winter. “Was it right to fire him based on pressure that was placed on him from a rival team? “That for me was wrong. That's tantamount to bullying - it's passively aggressive," Horner told the BBC. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg  Horner admits that Masi did make errors last year. But the 48-year-old believes the Australian has since been hung out to dry. “Yes, Michael did make mistakes and it was frustrating, but you have to look at the role that he was in and the tools that he had at his disposal,” Horner added. “You can't just place the blame on Michael - it's unfair to do that. “We were on the receiving end of many of Michael's errors. But he is in a high-pressure role in a high-pressure sport.   “But what it is unforgivable is the trolling, the abuse online, the death threats that he and his family had. That absolutely cannot be condoned in any way. “That has nothing to do with the sport. It's just out-and-out bullying and I would not accept that in any way within our organisation. “That's why I spoke up for Michael because I felt that he had not had any support - he had not had any backing. “[I felt] that he'd been hung out to dry and that there was this concerted campaign that was very passive-aggressively focused against him. “I will always stand up for someone who is being bullied. Bullying is not acceptable.” 