Fan favourite and former couple Vanessa Woodfield (played by Michelle Hardwick) and Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) have teased viewers with a potential romance after recently sharing an on-screen fleeting intimate moment. However, Mackenzie "Mack" Boyd (Lawrence Robb) also wants to win her back. After being on the receiving end of her angry outburst, it looks unlikely as he threatens to leave for good over upcoming Emmerdale episodes. After sabotaging the B&B on the day of the Woolpack's grand re-opening, Charity appears to be at her wits end with Mackenzie. Charity has many failed business ventures under her belt, and after recently purchasing the Woolpack with her son Ryan Stocks (James Moore), she was hoping this time would be different. Having to battle for attention on the day, Charity was displeased when Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) decided to have their wedding reception on the same day at the village's B&B. However, the ribbon-cutting turned food fight with Chas (Lucy Pargeter) ended with a glimpse of hope. Read More: Emmerdale’s Charles Anderson devastated as Manpreet is given frightening diagnosis? Charity opened up and had a heart-to-heart with her ex-fiancée Vanessa, which led to a near kiss. Is this the first of many romantic encounters to follow? Despite Vanessa trying to re-establish a distance between them, it is undeniable that the pair have chemistry. Vanessa will continue to gloss over that almost kiss in next week's episodes, which will likely confuse Charity. Will Charity bear her heart in hopes of rekindling what she once had? How will Mack deal with this? Mack also wants to rekindle things with Charity and surprisingly seeks advice from Vanessa, who encourages him to make a grand gesture. With her head still reeling from that near kiss and the potential of what could be, Mack would have to fight harder for her love and attention. Acting on the advice, he proposes that he and Charity move in together. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street twist as Phill Whittaker's secret unveiled in Maria Connor plot? [SPOILERS]Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update from Ravenseat [LATEST]'Never cover it' Star Trek expert shares biggest Lucille Ball 'pet peeve' [LATEST] Not quite going to plan, Charity needs time to process her feelings and is against the idea. Needing to calm her mind, she feels blindsided by Mack's proposition and is unable to commit to living together. With his ego bruised, Mackenzie threatens his ex with moving back to Scotland. Charity is then later stunned when she finds out that Mack is in fact, leaving the village. Things snowball for Charity as the chemistry between her and Vanessa starts to draw attention. The next day, Paddy Dingle (Dominic Brunt) catches the tension between Vanessa and Charity as they continue to make eyes at each other. Is this the beginning of the pair's love story picking up again? Will Mack relocate to Scotland after Charity's words? Will Charity be honest and reveal all to Mack? Emmerdale airs weeknights at the new time of 7.30pm on ITV.