The Oscars 2022 were undeniably eventful, to say the least. Nicole Kidman, 54, was visibly shocked at the unpredictable turn of events which took place at this year’s awards ceremony. Will Smith slapped presenter and comedian Chris Rock after he made a joke about Will’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith’s, hair loss. The altercation took place between the pair on stage. These scenes left everyone in the audience, and movie fans, taken aback. Australian actress Nicole was as shocked as any. READ MORE:Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle Images from the awards ceremony show Nicole looking speechless at what she had just witnessed. Chris took to the stage to present the award for Best Documentary. The funnyman then made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith looking like she should star in G.I. Jane 2. This must have angered her husband, Will, because he marched up to the stage. Jada, who suffers from alopecia, rolled her eyes before Will confronted Chris. He slapped Chris in the face and the comedian responded: “Oh wow, wow, Will Smith just smashed the s*** out of me.” Moments later, Will could be seen yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f*****g mouth” from his seat in the audience", while Chris continued with his presenting duties. Meanwhile, Nicole, who had attended the awards ceremony with her husband, Keith Urban, was clearly taken aback by what she had seen. DON’T MISS:Piers Morgan slams ‘woke brigade’ claims he 'fancies' Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson stays loyal to Chelsea amid Roman Abramovich sanctions [INTERVIEW]Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' [PICTURES] The Hollywood actress looked like she was almost about to jump out of her seat in bewilderment. The Meet The Ricardos star’s shocked face promptly became a meme online. This wouldn’t be the first time her reactions at the star-studded event sparked a frenzy, as her unusual clapping at the 2017 Oscars went viral. Will Smith went on to win Best Actor at the Oscars for his role in King Richard. The 53-year-old also apologised to the Academy for his outburst. It has been reported that Chris Rock also made a joke at Jada’s expense in the past, which may have angered Will. Meanwhile, Nicole, Oscar nominee for Best Actress, lost out to Jessica Chastain. She has been married to Keith Urban for 15 years. Nicole’s representatives have been approached for comment.