Manchester United captain Harry Maguire has shown he is willing to fight for his long-term future at Old Trafford with his latest actions. Maguire remains the world's most-expensive defender having joined United from Leicester for £80million in 2019. However, he has faced strong criticism for his performances for the Red Devils, especially this season. Maguire has not been helped by the fact he has not had a stable defensive partner at the back this term. Raphael Varane has missed a host of matches due to injury, illness and COVID-19. There has been plenty of speculation over Maguire's future as United skipper, though interim boss Ralf Rangnick has publicly backed the England international. But reports continue to rumble about Maguire, with ESPN claiming Rangnick does not view him as a player who can overcome adversity. JUST IN: Pochettino hints how much he would change at Man Utd in Rio Ferdinand chat  However, despite being on the United side who were thumped 4-0 by rivals Manchester City on Sunday, Maguire is still carrying out his captaincy duties. It appears the 29-year-old is attempting to prove the type of leader he can be. Maguire was present at the FA Youth Cup semi-final between United's under-18s and Wolves' youngsters on Wednesday. And, according to PA, he gave a speech to the United side before they left the home dressing room for their warm-up. DON'T MISSArsenal star Alexandre Lacazette calls out 'killer' Thomas Partey after suffering injury [SOCIAL]Billionaire Chelsea fan gives Newcastle financial headache as he plots Abramovich takeover [REPORT]Cristiano Ronaldo's telling Man Utd training ground actions after Man City absence [INSIGHT]  Goalkeeper Dean Henderson was also in attendance, along with head of football development John Murtough and technical director Darren Fletcher. But Maguire's presence is arguably the most interesting. The centre-back still has almost three-and-a-half years remaining on his United contract. But his performances this season have left plenty to be desired.  He still remains a regular for Rangnick when he has all his defenders available. But it was reported by The Times last week that Maguire's team-mates are questioning his position as an undroppable member of the side. The Manchester Evening News claims Eric Bailly in particular is frustrated by Maguire being selected ahead of him. Bailly has made just three starts in the Premier League this season.  United are fifth in the league table, one point behind Arsenal in fourth. However, the Gunners have three games in hand over Rangnick's side. United are still in the Champions League where they are level at 1-1 with Atletico Madrid heading into the second leg at Old Trafford next week.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here