Support for the Labour Party leader has waned in recent weeks, according to the latest polling. YouGov polling released last week found that Sir Keir has an approval rating of 32 percent, down two percentage points on the previous month. Boris Johnson, meanwhile, has seen his popularity surge to its highest level in five months. The Prime Minister endured a torrid start to 2022 amid the ‘partygate’ scandal which saw his approval rating sink to its lowest ever level. Mr Johnson’s approval rating, YouGov said, sits at 30 percent, and the number of people who disapproved of him had dropped seven percentage points to 63 percent. Sir Keir has frequently blasted the Prime Minister’s behaviour in recent months, regularly calling for his resignation. In an appearance on the ‘Full Disclosure with James O’Brien’ podcast last month, he pledged to remove the Prime Minister from office and accused him of treating the role as if he is “entitled” to it. He said: “This experiment with a showman as Prime Minister isn’t going well. “It’s not showbiz, it’s about the serious business of changing the country.” READ MORE: Truss drops ball as Sinn Fein lead Stormont polls He added: “Here’s another of the differences between me and Johnson — I genuinely think leading the Labour Party is a huge privilege. “Being the Leader of the Opposition is a huge privilege. Being the Prime Minister is a huge, huge privilege — you’re there to serve, quite humbly, as Prime Minister. “It’s not a birthright, it’s not a given. It’s not something to be treated casually, it’s an incredible privilege. “That also rankles me with the Prime Minister — he’s not treating the office with the respect it deserves. “He’s treating it as if he’s somehow entitled to it, and he’s not, and we’re going to remove him.” The live audience at London’s Leicester Square Theatre burst into a warm round of applause for the Labour leader after his pledge to remove the Prime Minister. Sir Keir offered a rare insight into his personal life and childhood in the candid podcast, discussing his meteoric rise from a small town in the Surrey countryside. He also addressed Mr Johnson’s Jimmy Savile remarks, when he accused the Labour leader of failing to prosecute the the predatory sex offender while he was director of public prosecutions in 2009. Sir Keir said the comments were a “new low” for Mr Johnson, a man for whom he has “almost no regard”. DON'T MISS:Russian commander killed DELIBERATELY by his own troops [REPORT]GB News: President Biden slammed for playing into hands of Putin [QUOTES]Sturgeon slapped down by Alex Salmond’s nationalists on IndyRef2 [NEW] He said: “I would concede that Theresa May, for all the other faults she may have had, was a woman who knew that you didn’t stand at the despatch box and lie.” He added: “I could see within his own party how uncomfortable they were with where he was taking politics, because he was taking their party down. “He was taking the country down and taking democracy down by going down this dark route to conspiracy theorists. “This is the party of Winston Churchill that now has a Prime Minister that’s prepared to do that and carry on doing that, and so I thought that was a really low moment.” Mr Johnson’s approval ratings have started to improve since the turn of the year, largely due to his handling of the war in Ukraine. The Prime Minister has, for the most part, been praised for how he has reacted to the situation, imposing wholesale sanctions against the Russian economy and its wealthy elites. Likewise, the Government reverted back to ‘Plan A’ coronavirus measures in January, with the Coronavirus Act formally expiring last week. Free universal testing for COVID-19 will end later this week, and many NHS testing labs will close as the ‘Living with Covid’ strategy comes into full force. The legal requirement to self-isolate upon testing positive for COVID-19 has been replaced with guidance to do so, and surveillance studies are being defunded or scaled back despite soaring infection rates. COVID-19 cases in the UK climbed by a million in a week, latest data from the Office of National Statistics revealed on Saturday. Swab tests for the week ending March 19 suggested about one in every 16 people had the virus in the UK, as the Omicron variant BA.2 continues to spread. To subscribe to Full Disclosure with James O’Brien go to your normal podcast provider.