Piers Morgan, 56, took to Twitter to react to an image of his former ITV colleagues this morning. To mark International Women’s Day, the women of the channel got together to pose for pictures, dressed in shades of pink, red and orange. Piers argued this was “great to see” as they were “dressing up in pink and proudly identifying as women”. However, the outspoken former host of Good Morning Britain couldn’t resist a swipe at “wokies” over the image. He argued that had he suggested they take the photo, he would have been branded “sexist”. In full, Piers penned to his 7.9 million followers: “As we approach #internationalwomensday, great to see ITV’s female talent all dressing up in pink and proudly identifying as women. READ MORE: Dick and Angel Strawbridge reflect on leaving chateau to come 'home'  “Of course, had I suggested they do this, the wokies would have branded me a sexist gender-stereotype-promoting transphobic patronising monster….” The image in question featured stars of GMB like Susanna Reid and Ranvir Singh. Lorraine Kelly, Holly Willoughby, Charlene White and Kate Garraway are all also in the snap taken to mark International Women’s Day. However, his tweet has been met with mixed reactions from his followers.   User @RiaanNelZA wasn't impressed, writing: "You will find a way in news that has nothing to do with you..just so you tell the world who you are by saying you are not that..." (sic) While @AlisonMunday pointed out: "All dressed in pink? We're seeing a different photo. "If I'm correct and there's also red and orange, sort of defies the 'all women in pink' stereotype tweet." @DanRK replied: "Still bitter about the ITV thing after all this time…" @Caldicot03 added: "That's because you don't get to decide how women should dress!" DON'T MISS... Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis [INSIGHT]Ralf Little opens up on 'difficult decision' over disappointing news [VIDEO]  Others agreed with Piers' tweet, taking to his replies to share their opinions. @Nickertysix simply wrote: "Well said." @FoanFran commened: "I think that’s very very odd." @DeeSonoIo added: "I'm just surprised International Women's Day hasn't been banned or turned into an all inclusive day. "Nice to know we're still allowed to celebrate something! International Men's Day is 19 November by the way." To mark International Women's Day on Tuesday, March 8, the women of ITV appeared in a special promo video. In the short video, hosts of ITV can be heard saying: “It’s so important that we celebrate International Women’s Day. “It’s about women sharing their points of view and bringing together those stories that unify us. “We’re feisty, we’re opinionated, funny, we’re a whole range of ages. “And when we come together like this it’s a moment for reflection of what we’ve all achieved individually but also as a team.”