In a poll that ran from 10am on Monday, March 14, to 11am on Tuesday, March 15, Express.co.uk asked: “Do you think Harry is doing the right thing by not coming to Prince Philip’s memorial?” A total of 3,467 people cast their votes and dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article in a lively debate. Overwhelmingly, the majority of voters – 66 percent (2,287) – said “no” Harry is not doing the right thing by not coming to Prince Philip’s memorial. A further 33 percent (1,147) said “yes” he was doing the right thing by not attending and just one percent (33) said they didn’t know. In the comments, it was clear that many felt that Harry should make the effort to attend the memorial service out of respect to his grandparents. Username balloonlips70 said: “It is his grandfather, and out of respect for the Queen, he should go as he did for the funeral.” Username GKatrichis commented: “As a grandson, he is not doing the right thing. It is so disrespectful.” Meanwhile, others were relieved he was not coming to the UK due to the level of scrutiny he’d bring after Harry and his wife, Meghan Markle, left their roles as working royals in 2020. Username sugarmagnolia wrote: “If he attended, all the attention would be on him. This day is meant to honour Prince Philip. It is a relief he will not attend.” And username gillmags said: “Frankly I think it's a blessing he isn't coming.” While username Halpilk wrote: “Yes, he should stay away.” READ MORE: Meghan's sister has Twitter account suspended – lawyer claims Samantha Markle was 'hacked' Others took a more balanced viewpoint with Username Jennade saying: “Yes I think this time he has listened as his presence would have been a distraction because this day is meant for prince Phillip and the Queen. “However bad it looks right now, he has done the right thing for the family.” But username W1tch1 wrote: “I do think he will live to regret his actions.” DON'T MISS:Beaming Queen pictured on royal engagement after pulling out of beloved Commonwealth event [LATEST]William shows ‘anxiety’ at event after ‘unbearable tension’ with Harry [LIVE BLOG]Do YOU think it's time for Queen to step back and rest? [POLL] Harry announced he would not be attending the Duke of Edinburgh's memorial service in London on March 29. The service of thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey is an opportunity for family and friends, dignitaries and representatives of the charities and organisations that Philip was associated with to pay tribute to him. Harry did return to the UK last April to attend his grandfather’s funeral in Windsor, but amid an ongoing legal battle over his security in the UK, a spokesperson has confirmed the Duke will not attend the memorial. The spokesperson added that Harry hopes to visit his grandmother, the Queen, soon.