Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, is the recipient of several accolades and is currently guest-starring in the American sitcom Reno 911. Star of the series and writer Thomas Lennon, 51, has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about a very "weird" moment on set with Jamie. Reno 911! is a parody of American law enforcement shows, with comedic actors playing police officers. Jamie guest stars in the new series after messaging Thomas herself about her love for the show. Speaking to Express.co.uk about Jamie's time on set, he said: "Occasionally someone will come in and we truly don’t script at all, which is rare but we did do it in the Jamie Lee Curtis episode, which really had no script whatsoever. "All she genuinely did was pick an outfit then she came in and started talking. READ MORE: Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz "Then we shot four different scenes where we just did very weird things to each of us but it was never scripted and never planned." Thomas took to Instagram to share a picture of the pair on set that included him in boxers smoking on a yoga mat, while Jamie sat in shorts, an eye patch, drinking red wine from the bottle. Thomas then discussed what Jamie was like to work with and whether she lives up to the "hype". He continued: "It was really incredible. You know, I mean talk about living up to the hype. "She is truly a person who lives up to the hype about her. "You know, it was weird because I’ve been a fan of hers since I was a child. "Then one day you get a text message that was like ‘Hi, It’s Jamie Lee Curtis. I really like Reno 9/11, it’s like my new favourite show’. "It was one of those moments where I thought someone was playing a trick on me, but no no it was really her." DON'T MISS... Martin Kemp would get ‘frustrated’ before wife Shirlie noticed warning [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan calls leaders with 'guts' to challenge 'genocidal' Putin [OPINION] Louise Minchin speaks out on stalking ordeal ahead of documentary [COMMENT] Thomas then recalled her first day on set and what a pleasure she was to work with. He said: "When she came in she said she was nervous, but I don’t know how you could tell. "She then instantly improvised for like five or six hours with us and it almost turned into two episodes. "There were so many great sequences with her. "It would seem that I am making stuff up about her but she literally bought cookies and set up a little table for everybody and the crew. "She’s just one of those people where everything she does is kind of wonderful." Jamie is the recipient of several accolades including a British Academy Film Award, two Golden Glove awards and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Season two, titled “Reno 911! Defunded”, will debut with eleven 30-min episodes, featuring special guests including Jamie Lee Curtis, Weird Al Yankovic and George Lopez. With crime on the rise, the original cast members, Thomas Lennon, Robert Ben Garant and Kerri Kenny-Silver, will be back solving felonies on your screens. You can watch the series on The Roku Channel.