The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge shared a photo from the Voyager ministerial jet after touching down in Belize over the weekend. The picture shows William and Kate about to step off the plane for the start of their eight-day tour. The snap was posted on the Cambridges' social media accounts with two other images of them being welcomed to Belize, sparking an excited reaction from their followers. One fan account on Instagram with the username thecambridgefamily commented: "The first picture is absolutely stunning Can't wait for the rest of the tour!" The @lovecambridges Twitter account added: "I love the first picture. I can't wait for this tour." Another Twitter user, @princeps7, said: "Great perspective from inside the plane. Like that." A fourth with the handle @MrsVimes25 added: "What a welcome, the photos are fab." Echoing the sentiments of Belize villagers who turned out to see the Cambridges, a fifth Twitter user, @theroyalhobby, said: "Yay! Let the tour begin. Love the plane photograph." The couple landed in Belize for the first leg of their Caribbean tour on Saturday. William and Kate looked relaxed after their 11-hour long haul trip from the UK. READ MORE: Kate and William had 'stiff drink' after terrifying royal tour moment  They were welcomed by Belize's Governor General Froya Tzalam ahead of an official meeting with the country's Prime Minister Johnny Briceno. The tour is marking the Queen's Platinum Jubilee and will also see William and Kate head to the Bahamas and Jamaica. The Belize Defence Force formed a guard of honour to greet the couple and, after military tunes were played by the unit's band, William inspected the personnel. DON'T MISSKate and William 'seem to get each other' on Caribbean royal tour [ANALYSIS]Kate Middleton stuns fans with return of classic hairstyle [PICTURES]Kate and Prince William on secret side mission for royal tour [INSIGHT] On Sunday, the royal couple headed to the Che 'il chocolate farm before showing off their dancing skills at a nearby village. Local organiser Laura Cacho, who danced with the future king, said of William and Kate: "They were shaking their waists like nobody's business." The Cambridges will visit stunning ancient Maya ruins deep in the heartland of Belize today as their Caribbean trip continues. William and Kate will be given a tour of the site and have the chance to take in Caana, or sky palace, which remains the tallest man-made structure in Belize. The last engagement of the day will see the couple attend a reception hosted by the Governor General of Belize at the Maya ruins at Cahal Pech, near San Ignacio. 