Arsenal and Manchester United have learned the fee it will take to lure Ruben Neves away from Wolves this summer, according to reports. Neves, 25, continues to be linked with a move to a bigger club following an impressive spell at Wolves under Bruno Lage and previous boss Nuno Espirito Santo. Several household European names are reportedly interested in a deal to sign the Portuguese midfielder, whose future at Molineux beyond the current campaign remains uncertain. And according to Spanish outlet AS, via Sport Witness, Arsenal and United have both been linked with the midfielder - who is valued at £42million. The Premier League duo are both in need of a central midfielder to bolster their squad next season and Neves could be the perfect fit. United’s current defensive midfield options consist of Fred, Scott McTominay, and Nemanja Matic, and Neves is the latest in a long list of potential incoming summer midfield options. The 25-year-old has made 206 appearances for the midlands club after joining from Portuguese giants Porto in 2017, scoring 24 times and providing 12 assists. Mikel Arteta’s preferred options in the centre of the park have predominantly been Thomas Partey and Granit Xhaka, while Albert Sambi Lokonga, and Mohamed Elneny, have also featured. JUST IN: Gary Neville surprised Man Utd didn't try to sign 'unbelievable' Liverpool star Earlier this week, Spanish outlet Sport reported that Barcelona were also interested in striking a deal to sign the Portugal international. Neves has been viewed as a potential replacement for the ageing Sergio Busquets - who at 33 - has few years left competing at a the top. Frenkie de Jong remains as the logical option to fill the void left by Busquets but signing Neves would provide an alternative for Xavi’s side. Busquets – who is set to turn 34 in July – has a deal at the Camp Nou which runs until the summer of 2023. DON'T MISS: Cristiano Ronaldo has made his feelings clear as Man Utd create new manager shortlist Mourinho's brutal Man Utd statement proves Champions League failure Chelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 target However, AS say the Catalan giants have ruled themselves out of the race to sign Neves after being put off by Wolves’ price tag for the midfielder. For now though, Neves will continue to play a pivotal role for Lage and Wolves as they attempt to make it back into Europe next season. Wolves will face Jesse Marsch’s Leeds in the Premier League’s Friday night clash at Molineux and Neves is set to be called upon to deliver once more.