At a summit in Downing Street with the four Prime Ministers of the Visegrad 4 countries - Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic and Slovakia - Hungarian Premier Viktor Orban refused to countenance sanctions on Russian oil and gas. This followed an agreement at the European Council of the 27 EU foreign ministers along with Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and the foreign ministers of Canada and the USA to start significantly reducing the amount of Russian oil and gas purchased by countries. Ms Truss told the Sunday Express after the meeting that oil and gas revenues account for 40 percent of Russia’s income and is being used to finance Putin’s war machine in Ukraine. But in a statement tonight after meeting Mr Johnson in Downing Street, Mr Orban said: “We spoke about the impacts of the economic sanctions; they are taking their toll on everyone throughout Europe, and Hungary is no exception. “The extension of the sanctions to the energy sector, to the oil and gas sectors, would represent a disproportionately large burden for Hungary. “Therefore I made it clear that while we condemn Russia’s armed offensive and we also condemn the war, we will not allow Hungarian families to be made to pay the price of the war; and so the sanctions must not be extended to the areas of oil and gas. “Most of Hungary’s oil and natural gas imports come from Russia, and 90 percent of Hungarian families heat with gas. The Hungarian economy simply cannot function without oil and gas.” Mr Orban, who before the war was arguing for a more positive relationship with Putin and Russia, has also controversially refused to allow weapons to arm the Ukrainians be transported through his country. He has insisted his country has remained “neutral” while Polish Premier Mateusz Morawiecki, who was also at the meeting, has supported efforts to arm Ukraine and punish Russia. While just three percent of the UK energy market comes from Russian gas, the reliance on it in the EU was said to be behind an initial slow response in imposing sanctions. According to the Statista website, 77 percent of Bulgarian gas supply comes from Russia with 49 percent for Germany, 46 percent Italy, 40 percent Poland and 24 percent France. The V4 summit in Downing Street happened shortly before Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky gave an historic address to MPs in the Commons asking for more sanctions on Russia and the imposition of a no fly zone over his country by NATO.