Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has been told he can solve his striking contingent nightmare with the signing of Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus in the summer.  The Gunners had Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah in their ranks at the start of the season as they looked to better last season's dire eighth-placed finish. A slow start to the campaign saw the trio enter the new year with a combined tally of just seven goals in the Premier League, with Aubameyang claiming four. And after the Gabonese international was stripped of the captaincy following a spate of disciplinary problems, Arteta made the decision to drop him entirely from the squad, with his last appearance coming against Everton on December 6. This left Arsenal scrambling for a centre-forward in the January market, with then-Fiorentina striker Dusan Vlahovic being touted with a move to the Emirates.  However the Serbian star opted to join Italian giants Juventus, leaving Arteta extremely short in the attacking department considering Lacazette and Nketiah are both out of contract in the summer. And Ferdinand has told Arsenal they can resolve the situation at the end of the season - by telling them to go out and buy Manchester City star Gabriel Jesus to solve their woes. "If I was Arsenal, I would go and buy Gabriel Jesus," Ferdinand told his Vibe with Five podcast. Ferdinand was joined by Fabrizio Romano, who is a well-respected figure in the footballing world. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message  And the Italian claimed that whilst talks were not underway for the Brazilian's signature, City's desire for a new striker in the off-season could see Jesus' future become unclear. "At the moment I'm told there's no talks for Gabriel Jesus because [Inter] can't bid for €60million (£50m) or €50million (£41m) so we're just talking about ideas and rumours," Romano added. "But I'm sure that Gabriel Jesus' situation, alongside Raheem Sterling's situation, is something that needs to be clarified in the coming months for Manchester City. They're both out of contract in 2023. "For Gabriel Jesus, they need to discuss internally and see what they want to do because with a new striker joining Manchester City in the summer, I'm not sure that the position of Gabriel Jesus will be so clear."  Arsenal currently sit sixth in the Premier League table, two points behind Manchester United albeit with three games in hand. They will look to secure their first top four finish since 2015-16, where they finished second behind eventual champions Leicester. And that starts with a trip to Watford on Sunday afternoon, with the Hornets sat just three points behind 17th-placed Everton in the relegation battle. 