Summer Higgins (played by Piper Perabo) made quite the introduction to Yellowstone back in season four as she and John Dutton (Kevin Costner) embarked on the unlikeliest of romances. In typical fashion for the Paramount drama, there wasn’t to be a happy ending thanks to meddling by John’s scheming and manipulative daughter Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly) whose plotting landed Summer in jail. Summer was a keen environmental activist who Beth exploited to her advantage in her plans to derail Market Equities’ development near the Duttons’ ranch. Manipulating Summer to go and protest at the buildsite, the police were on hand to stop them and all hell broke loose, resulting in Summer becoming engaged in an all-out brawl and ultimately in handcuffs. Despite John’s connections with the judge, Summer still faces at least 14 years locked up before she gets a chance at parole. While John admitted he was “disappointed” with Beth for her actions in a particularly gut-wrenching scene, all hope may not be lost for Summer and the pair’s whirlwind romance. READ MORE: Y1883: ‘I was a mess’ Faith Hill opens up on co-star’s exit Before season four came to a close, it transpired John would be throwing his hat in the ring for a chance to become Governor. After years of rebutting Governor Lynelle Perry’s (Wendy Moniz) suggestions to do so, the prospect of seeing adoptive son Jamie (Wes Bentley) rise to the top seemingly became too much to ignore. John blindsided his scheming son - who’s also now in the Duttons’ control after killing his biological father Garrett Randall (Will Patton) and subject to blackmail from Beth - by announcing his candidacy in front of him and the press. However, as if Johns possible rise to Governor wasn’t enough to tease a way to get Summer out of jail, new quotes from Perabo have added fuel to the fire. Speaking on the PEOPLE & Entertainment Weekly Red Carpet Live: 28th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards pre-show [via Entertainment Weekly], Perabo was quizzed about her future in season five. The Yellowstone star replied: “The love story is kicking into gear on Yellowstone. “I know a lot of people watch it for the cowboys and the ranch, but I watch it for the love story. “We're turning up the heat. It's been a hard couple of years, let's turn up the heat for a minute." DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Kayce Dutton star admits 'anxiety' over series endingYellowstone 1883 family tree: Who are James and Elsa Dutton to John?Y 1883 Ennis’ star reveals real reason Colton and Elsa romance failed Could this be a huge hint John and Summer will be able to continue their “love story”? Of course, the only real way to do so would for Summer to be released. Fans will have to wait until season five to find out for sure and in the meantime, spoilers are being kept heavily guarded. However, there has been a rather big development regarding the future of ranch hand Jimmy Hurdstrom (Jefferson White) and his future on the ranch. In season four, fans watched as Jimmy was banished to the 6666 Ranch in Texas to learn the ropes and he returned to John’s ranch a new man and with a fiancée in tow. At the end of the fourth run, his future on the show looked on uncertain as he and his fiancée Emily (Kathryn Kelly) drove off into the distance and back to their life in Texas. However, it has been announced both White and Kelly will return in season five in series regular roles. Therefore, those thinking Jimmy was gone for good are in for a pleasant surprise. Yellowstone seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Peacock and Paramount in the USA. Seasons 1-2 are available to purchase on Amazon Prime Video now.