Viktor Zolotov, head of the Russian National Guard, admitted that the military had been unable to achieve its goals in Ukraine as quickly as they hoped. “Not everything is going as fast as we would like," said Zolotov, who is also a member of Russia's National Security Guard. Last week, the Russian military was also forced to admit to the loss of its GRU intelligence spy, Captain Alexey Glushchak. In a statement, they said: "Due to the strict secrecy of the military operation, the circumstances of the death of the Tyumen hero are not disclosed." As of Wednesday, a US official estimated that between 5,000 and 6,000 Russian troops may have already been killed. The official told CBSNews that it was difficult to know exact numbers and that they could be closer to 3,500. Still, they said the number showed "very, very significant casualties" if compared to losses from some World War II battles. The Kremlin said today that it was too early to make predictions about the possible results of talks between Russia and Ukraine. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said: "The work is difficult and in the current situation the very fact that they are continuing is probably positive. "We don't want to make predictions. We await results." Russia, Mr Peskov said, was disappointed that Western officials had made no public statements about the killing of more than 20 people in the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine. READ MORE: Putin braces for coup from 'disgruntled' senior Russian generals Russia on Monday accused Ukraine of carrying out a missile attack on the city. Ukraine denied it and said the rocket used in the attack was Russian. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said he welcomed Western sanctions but they "are not enough" to end the Russian aggression, calling for a full trade embargo. The Ukrainian leader criticised firms which continued doing business with Russia and said "the world is silent" as nuclear power plants are captured and shelled. DON'T MISS:Russian TV protestor hailed as ‘unflinchingly brave’ [INSIGHT]Germany to buy nuclear fighter jets in response to Putin aggression [ANALYSIS]The 2 clear signs that Vladimir Putin is suffering with ill health [VIDEO] "Many international companies have not yet withdrawn from the Russian market although severe sanctions were introduced," he said. Such firms "don't care about the 97 kids who were killed so far". He called for Russian navy vessels to be barred from ports around the world and for all Russian banks to be excluded from the Swift financial messaging system. "We have to acknowledge Russia as a rogue state and there has to be a trade embargo with Russia. This is something that we need and you need as well, just like the rest of the world, to make sure there is peace in Europe and Ukraine."