Liverpool have kept the pressure on Premier League leaders Manchester City with another three points after beating Brighton 2-0. Express Sport takes a look at five major talking points from the game. Liverpool's celebrations when Luis Diaz scored the opening goal of the game were muted after the January signing fell to the floor following a collision with Robert Sanchez. There was genuine concern for Diaz as he appeared in agony with replays showing Sanchez had raised his leg extremely high to smash into the Liverpool forward. VAR were checking for serious foul play but the Brighton goalkeeper amazingly escaped any punishment. There was even further bemusement that Mike Dean wasn't asked to go to the screen to take a look himself. JUST IN: Liverpool dealt Salah blow as extent of 'breakdown' in talks emerges  It's been a scintillating start to life at Anfield for Diaz with Liverpool seemingly finding another gem to find their forward line. The Colombia international has started all but one Premier League game since his arrival and kept the in-form Diogo Jota out of the team against Brighton. He's excited fans with his electric pace and skilful attributes, but Diaz has also hit the ground running in front of goal. DON'T MISS  There will be some concern over the cause of Mohamed Salah's substitution midway through the second half. The Egypt international has an exceptional injury record since arriving at Anfield many years ago but he headed straight down the tunnel after coming off for Diogo Jota. And while Liverpool don't lack options to replace Salah, any prolonged absence will surely hurt their chances of catching Manchester City. Liverpool were far from their best in the opening exchanges against Brighton but they remained calm throughout before taking their chances when it mattered most. Every team who has won the Premier League title will have won games where they weren't at their best. And keeping the pressure on City will be paramount ahead of their crunch meeting on April 10. Jurgen Klopp has had the luxury of having a near fully-fit squad to choose from in recent weeks and it's paid dividends for their recent form. Previously, the Liverpool boss had been reluctant to change things up in the second half due to a lack of top-quality options on the bench. But Klopp had the likes of Jota, Thiago, Roberto Firmino and Harvey Elliott all on the bench against Brighton as options to come on.