Zoe plays veterinary surgeon Rhona Goskirk on Emmerdale and the actress' husband Jeff portrays the ITV soap's hard man Cain Dingle. While the pair, who share two children together, have starred on Emmerdale for many years, their characters rarely share scenes together. During a recent appearance on Lorraine Zoe candidly admitted "it's great" not working with her husband on set. Host Lorraine Kelly began: "Of course, in real life, you are married to Jeff, who plays Cain of course. "But you guys met on the set in 2001 and you originally knew each other from drama school?" Zoe interjected: "We got together at drama school, we have been together for 28 years. "So we didn't reconnect on set as we were together for the 10 years before that." READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn The actress revealed she and her husband got together back in 1994 when they were training to become actors. Lorraine quipped: "And they said it wouldn't last, but look what happened." However, Lorraine went on to say Zoe and Jeff "don't have much to do with each other" on Emmerdale. Zoe smiled and replied: "No, which is great. It just means we sort of have a separate existence at work and I think we both appreciate that and like that.  The actress added: "We often do line learnings together but actually this time, what has just been amazing is taking the weight off at home. "We have two kids, dogs and an allotment so [Jeff] is just managing that and he is about to get busy as I quieten down so we will swap the baton there." The couple live in a stunning cottage in the picturesque Yorkshire Dales with their children Violet and Stan. On-screen, Zoe's character Rhona and her partner Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) are currently tackling a difficult storyline as Marlon recently suffered a stroke. DON'T MISS...James Hooton partner: Who is the Sam Dingle star engaged to? [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Marlon Dingle splits from Rhona Goskirk [THEORY]Kelvin Fletcher and wife Liz have discovered gender of their twins [MUST SEE] Marlon's recovery will be a central storyline on the soap in the coming months and was partly filmed to educate viewers of the impact of strokes. Speaking about wearing prosthetics on set following his character's stroke, the Marlon actor Mark recently The Morning: "I’m not a method actor at all, but I asked them to cover all the mirrors up in makeup when they put it on. "I wanted, when we shot it, what the viewers will see tonight is when I see it, the first time I’d seen it. "It had an impact on me. The reaction viewers will see tonight is real, you know?"  To ensure the scenes are as true as real stroke survivors’ experiences, Mark has worked closely with the Stroke Association. While viewers can expect more hard-hitting scenes in the coming weeks, Mark admitted there will be some moments of "light". "It’s not like people lose their sense of humour. It’s a very humane story, there’s a lot of love and light in it," he added. Lorraine continues weekdays at 9am on ITV. 