People who are claiming Universal Credit or Pension Credit could qualify for help towards the cost of travel, while in some circumstances under 18s may also be entitled to extra support with costs. In total, 10 groups of Britons are eligible for extra help towards the cost of travel. Unclaimed benefits is a huge problem in the UK with millions of people missing out on state benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). As the cost of living continues to put a strain on peoples’ pockets, cash strapped households are being encouraged to check they are receiving all the help they are entitled to. Millions of people could save thousands of pounds on travel costs over the course of a year if they use bus services regularly. Meanwhile, they may also be able to apply for a reduction on the cost of rail travel. READ MORE: The freebies you can get on Universal Credit - 30 ways to save money Pensioners currently become eligible for their free bus pass when they reach 66 years old in England. However, Government plans to increase the state pension age to 67 and 68 years of age in the future will mean millions will have to wait a few years longer. These proposals have angered some who are furious that people only have to wait until they’re 60 years old in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. At the same time people in some parts of the UK may be able to get free bus travel when they reach 60. DON'T MISSFury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [UPDATE]State Pension triple lock doomed as axing it will save £10 billion [WARNING] In addition, it’s not just older people who could make the most of this extra benefit. People who have a disability or who have lost their driving licence due to their health could also be entitled to free travel. Jobseekers on benefits like Universal Credit can also ask for help towards travel costs. Below is a full list of the groups who should qualify for free travel on the buses. What groups qualify for a free bus pass? What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea To apply for a free bus pass people can go to the official Government website. Alternatively, they can contact their local council to find out what schemes are available in their area. In Scotland, people can apply for a younger person’s bus pass by going to the Transport Scotland website. Students may be able to get a free railcard if they have a student bank account.