Blair Cobbs kept punching and even landed several body strikes on the referee after he was stopped by Alexis Rocha in their welterweight clash on Saturday night. The previously undefeated American suffered the first defeat of his professional career via a ninth-round knockout. Cobbs put up a good fight but was simply outclassed by Rocha throughout the bout. Rocha, who moved to 19-1 in his career with the win, took control in the later stages of the fight. In round eight, Rocha floored Cobbs who just about made it back to his feet and survived to the bell. However, he would not last much longer as referee Rudy Barragan interrupted the contest to bring it to an end in round nine. Clearly discombobulated and unsure of where he was, Cobbs kept swinging even after the bell. The 32-year-old kept even tagged the ref with a couple of soft gut punches. READ MORE: Joe Joyce hits back at Anthony Joshua and accuses rival of 'ducking' Cobbs has somewhat of a big mouth in the boxing world and the contender has called out both Errol Spence and Terence Crawford. The win for Rocha saw the two leading names of the welterweight division united in their celebration of Cobbs’ defeat. Spence took to social media to tweet: “Rocha beating red ass off five heartbeats.” When the stoppage was confirmed, he added: “Put his ass in the diiiiiirrrrrt.” Crawford, who has a perfect 38-0 record, tweeted: “All that talking his ass been doing, smh just looked stupid.” DON'T MISSAnthony Joshua told fighting Deontay Wilder would be a grave mistakeCaroline Dubois joins Express Sport for new Women in Sport seriesFury comes clean on plan for 57-year-old dad John on Whyte undercard Cobbs had originally questioned Spence’s courage for not fighting Crawford in his career and declared he wasn’t the same guy or fighter he used to be. Cobbs even claimed that Spence had had an alcohol problem. In a contrast of styles, Rocha paid tribute to Spence when asked if he is looking to fight the 32-year-old next. “I had to do what I had to do to win,” Rocha told Fighthype. “Errol Spence? I’ve got to work my way up there. “He put in so much hard work. I’m working my way up—much respect to Errol Spence.”