Parents taking their children to a Merseyside school were met with an unexpected obstacle when they found a car parked directly where pedestrians need to walk. The picture of the white Audi parked completely on the pavement outside St Bartholomew’s School in Rainhill has created a social media furore. The picture shows the entire path blocked by the car’s bulk, with many weighing in to condemn the “selfish” parking manoeuvre. Some did attempt to defend the car’s position - but this seemed to only stoke the wave of anger further. The Liverpool Echo reports that some have branded the parking strategy as “unacceptable”. The driver’s excuse that they had an emergency call to collect children from Rainhill High, in Merseyside, and St Bartholomew's Catholic Primary School in Prescot was also met with a mixed reaction. An enraged father shared a photo of the car on Facebook with an accompanying rant. He said: “Why do some people who are collecting children from St Bart's believe that it’s totally acceptable to park on the pavement? “Where is the common sense in thinking it’s okay to park your car completely on the pavement? "How do you think people in wheelchairs, with prams or, in this case, walking with the aid of a stick, will be able to get past safely? READ MORE: Busybody cyclist fined for taking over 500 helmet cam videos [ANALYSIS] “Are they so selfish that all they care about is themselves? "This person (the Audi driver) then proceeded to argue with my parents, who took the picture, that it was acceptable as they had an emergency call and needed to collect children from Rainhill High and St Bart's, IT IS NOT ACCEPTABLE and you have been reported." Many weighed in to condemn the parking, with one describing it “as dangerous as speeding”. The comment stated: “Obstructive parking should be a motoring offence, if you can't park safely then you can't drive. DON'T MISS: 'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [ANALYSIS]Bitter Brussels SNUBS Boris for key summit after 'insult' [REVEAL]Airports slam Sturgeon over Scotland's Covid pandemic measures [INSIGHT] “Should be 3 points on someone's licence for that, it's as dangerous as speeding." However, there were those that tried to sympathise with the driver. They highlighted that not all the facts were known about the driver’s situation, and there may have been a good reason for their aggressive parking. One said: “I completely get your frustration but maybe their child has additional needs and is not road aware and this is their safest option."