Bridgerton returns this week with the highly-anticipated second season of the popular show. Among the returning cast is Golda Rosheuvel who plays the formidable Queen Charlotte in the show. The star has opened up about her emotional storyline this season as it’s been teased viewers will find out more about her marriage. Speaking earlier today to media including Express.co.uk, the actress admitted she was “thankful” for the opportunity. Golda went on to explain how her character has been dealing with some “deep trauma” beneath her harsh exterior. She said: "I think the love story for her is obviously with her beautiful, gorgeous husband who's going through some deep trauma. READ MORE: 'Pleasure to work with you' Shaun Wallace bids farewell to co-star  “And I think I'm really grateful for those scenes. “You know, we could have written a one-dimensional character who has fabulous frocks and beautiful wigs and goes to the balls and does gossip. “But you get to see her humanity. “You get to see her vulnerability in those scenes and you know, to play that as an actress is, is everything because you want to play a fully rounded character.   “So yeah, we've got some really beautiful scenes in season two." The second series will be released on Netflix on Friday as all episodes are made available to binge. The storyline of the second outing shifts the focus away from Daphne Bridgerton (played by Phoebe Dynevor). This outing is all about Lord Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) as he begins his quest to find a wife. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Samantha Giles rushed to hospital with mystery illness [INSIGHT]Demi Moore pens heartfelt message to ex-husband Bruce Willis [PICTURES]A Place in the Sun's Jasmine Harman suffers 'wardrobe malfunction' [VIDEO]   He soon gets his eyes set on the diamond of the season, Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran). However, there is one thing standing in his way - her protective older sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Elsewhere, at the press conference, Edwina star Charithra Chandran opened up about “bursting into tears” at a musical choice. The second season features an orchestral version of the Bollywood song Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham. She explained: “For me, that movie and that song is a Bollywood staple and everyone’s raised on it.  “As soon as the song came on, I was like, ‘Hold on’. It brought tears to my eyes because it was like the collision of both of my worlds.” She added: “I think growing up as immigrant children, it’s so hard to figure out your identity and you sometimes don’t know where you belong. “And those are one of those defining moments where you go, ‘OK, I get it now, I can do both and I can be both. “Especially that song, it's such a family song and it’s got great meaning behind it that I think the scene also represents so for me.” Bridgerton season 2 launches on Netflix on Friday, March 25 at 8am GMT. 