Fighting has intensified in recent days with Russia claiming their first city. Kherson, 300 miles south of Kyiv, fell late on Wednesday with locals told to stay inside and obey Russian troops. Despite the victory, Russia has faced heavy losses with Ukrainians taking up arms to defend their homeland.  Volodymyr Zelensky said in a video posted on Telegram that he was proud of the Ukrainian people's heroic resistance to Moscow's invasion. He said: "We are a nation that broke the enemy's plans in a week. Plans written for years: sneaky, full of hatred for our country, our people." Mr Zelensky said: "Our army is doing everything to break the enemy once and for all. Almost 9,000 Russians have been killed in one week." The figure comes after Russia's ministry of defence revealed Russian losses for the first time since the conflict began, claiming 498 of Moscow's troops have been killed in Ukraine with a further 1,597 wounded. Major General Igor Konashenkov rejected reports of incalculable losses as disinformation as he revealed Russia's own count.  Russia also claimed more than 2,870 Ukrainian soldiers and nationalists have been killed with about 3,700 wounded. Express.co.uk was unable to verify the figures released by both sides. The UN Human Rights Office confirmed 227 civilians have died and 525 injured during the conflict as of midnight on March 1, cautioning that the real toll would be much higher due to reporting delays. An adviser to Ukraine's presidential office said on Thursday that Ukraine needs humanitarian corridors supported by bodies such as the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE). Mykhailo Podolyak wrote on Twitter: "The villages and towns where Russian troops' columns are stationed immediately turn into places of looting, robbery, murder.  READ MORE ABOUT A RUSSIAN NATIONAL BALLET PERFORMANCE GOING AHEAD IN MIDDLESBROUGH "We need humanitarian corridors - food, medicine, ambulance, evacuation. We need active help of international organisations, including OSCE. Enough talking." The head of the UN's refugee agency said on Twitter that a million people have fled Ukraine. UNHCR head Filippo Grandi wrote: "In just seven days we have witnessed the exodus of one million refugees from Ukraine to neighbouring countries. "For many millions more, inside Ukraine, it's time for guns to fall silent, so that life-saving humanitarian assistance can be provided."  DON'T MISS: Sadiq Khan says London well prepared if Russia launches nuclear attack [REVEALED] Nicola Sturgeon savaged for trying to 'weaken' NATO [LATEST] Princess Diana stuns in never-before-seen portrait [REPORT] A UN resolution reprimanding Moscow was supported by 141 of the assembly's 193 members in a symbolic victory for Ukraine which increases Moscow's international isolation. Meanwhile, a war crimes investigation has begun after UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of committing atrocities by bombarding cities in his invasion of Ukraine. The International Criminal Court (ICC) opened an investigation on Wednesday night after Britain and 37 allies referred Russia over what Mr Johnson described as abhorrent attacks. Ukraine's capital Kyiv is bracing for a siege, its second-largest city Kharkiv is reeling from further strikes while Russia has reportedly taken control of the port city Kherson.  Russia's defence ministry said it had captured Kherson on Wednesday, but an adviser to Mr Zelenskiy responded that Ukrainian forces continued to fight in the Black Sea port of about 250,000 people. The capture of the strategic southern provincial capital where the Dnipro River flows into the Black Sea is the first significant urban centre to fall since Moscow launched its invasion on February 24. Kherson's mayor, Igor Kolykhayev, said late on Wednesday that Russian troops were in the streets and had entered the council building. He called on civilians to go outside only in daylight and in ones and twos. He said in a statement: "There were armed visitors in the city executive committee today. I didn't make any promises to them. I just asked them not to shoot people."  Russia describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special operation" not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its neighbour's military capabilities and capture what the Kremlin sees as dangerous nationalists. It denies targeting civilians although there have been widespread reports of civilian casualties and the shelling of residential areas. Bombing in Kharkiv, a city of 1.5 million people, has left its centre a wasteland of ruined buildings and debris. For Russians, the fallout of Putin's invasion has seen queues outside banks, a plunge in the value of the rouble which threatens their living standards and an exodus of Western firms refusing to do business in the country. 