The Jet2 flight to Antalya, Turkey, left Manchester Airport at around 9:15am on Monday morning. It had been due to arrive almost four and a half hours later, before a mid-air incident forced the plane to land at Vienna almost two and a half hours into the journey at around 11:40am. After pausing for more than an hour, the flight set off again for Antalya at 1pm, before arriving shortly after 3pm. Jet2 sent a text message to passengers onboard the flight just before 12pm, apologising for an incident. The message read: "Hello, we are sorry that due to the disruptive behaviour of a fellow passenger, your flight has been diverted to Vienna. "We are working on a situation to get you on your way as soon as possible." One passenger onboard the plane told The Su a female passenger became disruptive "about an hour and 20 minutes" into the flight. She told the outlet: “There was lots of noise. Then she came to the front of the plane. "She was really angry towards Jet2 staff and wouldn’t calm down. Her voice was getting louder and more aggressive - she was shouting in people’s faces. “People were saying she was kicking off at the airport before she even got on the plane. Then some people said it was over babies crying on the flight. “A customer said something and she slapped him in the face. Then a man got up to try and calm the situation before taking her to the back of the plane.” READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: 'Ultra-Remainers' score major own goal over Boris remarks The passenger then claimed staff made the decision to divert the flight to Vienna. As the plane landed, the woman reportedly slapped another passenger as she left the airline. She said: “This is the first time we have had to land because of someone on a flight. “Jet2 staff handled the whole situation very well. Nobody could help the out-of-control woman once she slapped the passenger.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Lukashenko eyes 'imminent' Russian nuclear deployment 'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK Henry VIII: Key evidence on Anne Boleyn that ‘went unnoticed’ found After the incident a Jet2 spokesperson confirmed to the outlet the flight was delayed due to a “disruptive passenger” They said: “We can confirm that flight LS895 from Manchester to Antalya diverted to Vienna earlier today so that a disruptive passenger could be offloaded. "As a family friendly airline, we take a zero tolerance approach to disruptive behaviour.”