Sony could be preparing a huge March 2022 event, which may drop soon. The news comes courtesy of Game Reactor, with "reliable" sources telling the site a State of Play or PlayStation Showcase event could take place as early as this week. There is the possibility, however, that the event could get delayed later this month with a number of the studios set to make announcements reportedly asking for the stream to be pushed back due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. This isn't the first time that there's been talk of a big Sony event in March, with Tom Henderson - best known for his GTA 6, Call of Duty and Battlefield leaks - as well as XboxEra's Shpeshal_Nick also in recent weeks discussing this. Recently Henderson tweeted: "Not a scoop or anything... But surely PlayStation has to be doing *something* in March? "There's too many things aligning that suggest it's probably the case." With @Shpeshal_Nick adding: "Happy to add to what’s already out there. Yes, they’ve got a show in March. This is supposed to be 'the good one'". In terms of what could get announced, we may get updates on already announced games such as Final Fantasy 16 and Hogwarts Legacy. While we also may hear about the God of War Ragnarok release date which is believed to be happening in June. There is also another long-standing rumour that may surface once again in March. For a long-time there have been whispers that Sony will reviving an iconic Konami franchise as a PS5 exclusive.  It's been claimed Metal Gear Solid, Silent Hill and / or Castlevania could be making a comeback as a PlayStation 5 exclusive. Rumours of this date back as far as 2020 when the internet was set abuzz with claims that Sony had struck a deal with Konami to bring back these iconic franchises as PlayStation exclusives. And recently there rumours made a comeback again via multiple accounts, with one account - @VGnewsinsider - claiming Sony had acquired the rights to a "very popular" Konami IP. However, this rumour turned out to be false - with the Twitter account merely posing as a reliable leaker who had their account struck off after leaking Pokemon information. Despite the @VGnewsinsider information being false, another alleged leaker allegedly recently revealed more information on the Metal Gear Solid Remake. This news came courtesy of a Redditor who in a post online claimed the Metal Gear Solid Remake would be a PSVR 2 launch title which could be played with or without the headset. It's claimed the MGS Remake will be revealed in Q2 2022 ahead of a Q4 2022 release date.  As always with rumours, it's best to take claims with a big pinch of salt until official confirmation. But it wouldn't be surprised if Sony has something big up its sleeve. Following the recent releases of Horizon Forbidden West and Gran Turismo 7, Sony doesn't have any confirmed dates for first-party releases in 2022. We know God of War Ragnarok is dropping in 2022 at some point but don't have an exact release date. And apart from that the PS5 release schedule for 2022 is mainly taken up with big-hitting third-party games such as Square Enix's Forspoken and Bethesda's GhostWire Tokyo. And with God of War Ragnarok rumoured to be hitting the PS5 in a few months time in June, it wouldn't be a surprise if another major Sony event takes place before then. 