There is no place for Max Verstappen in the top two of Toto Wolff's list of best current F1 drivers. Wolff, 50, has become one of the most influential figures in F1, having initially bought shares in Williams in 2009 before becoming executive director of the team three years later. But it was his move to Mercedes in 2013 which arguably helped change the landscape of the sport. From 2014, the now CEO and Team Principal helped oversee a record seven consecutive drivers' title wins, six of them won by Lewis Hamilton with Nico Rosberg the exception in 2016. That run was ended in 2021 in controversial fashion, when Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix following a dubious safety care procedure that has since cost race director Michael Masi his job. Wolff and co launched two protests over what transpired, both of which were dismissed by the FIA before the authority did agree to a full-scale investigation. The findings of that report have now been released, along with new clarity on safety car rules. Regardless, Hamilton has returned for another tilt at the title, as he bids to better his current record-equalling tally of seven. JUST IN: McLaren's Katie Milner hopes more women will enter male-dominated F1 'in next 10 years' And it's of little surprise that the British icon was named by Wolff having been asked by Bild to name his current top three drivers. It's the order of the two that followed that will raise eyebrows among F1 fans and pundits. "Lewis Hamilton, George Russell, Max Verstappen. In this order," said Wolff. The naming of Russell of course, is likely to be perceived as a show of faith in the 24-year-old, who replaced Valtteri Bottas at the Silver Arrows at the end of 2021 having spent three years at Williams. DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle 'fears' for two F1 teams ahead of Saudi Arabian GP - 'Had a nightmare'Charles Leclerc given reality check as Ferrari engine claim made ahead of Saudi Arabia GPMercedes engineer warns Ferrari and Red Bull as 'quick fix' could turn tables at Saudi GP Hamilton, 37, was also included in Wolff's all-time list. "Michael Schumacher, Lewis Hamilton and Ayrton Senna. Everyone in their own time," he said. Of more pressing concern to Wolff however, will be the fact that Hamilton and Russell were off the pace in the opening Grand Prix of the season in Bahrain. The pair finished third and fourth respectively, but only after Verstappen and Red Bull team-mate Sergio Perez were forced out of the race late on.