The UK Prime Minister this week said that Putin is engaging in "barbaric and indiscriminate" tactics targeting civilians in Ukraine. It came as the country's second largest city, Kharkiv, was under heavy shelling from Russian missiles and rockets. Since he made the comments, Russian troops have taken the vital port city of Kherson in the south. Speaking at a press conference in Poland, Mr Johnson was faced with a Ukrainian journalist who came close to tears as she confronted him about the measures taken against Russia. So far, he has slapped various sanctions on Russia and those with ties to the Kremlin in a bid to economically isolate the country. He has been working closely with the EU in order to deploy a unified response to Putin's attack on Ukraine. It is not the only time Europe has been tasked with dealing with Russian aggression in Ukraine, as in 2014 Moscow invaded and successfully annexed the Crimean peninsula in the country's south. Western European powers imposed economic sanctions on Russia but many of the restrictions gradually dissolved over the years. Mr Johnson's reaction to the annexation of Crimea two years after it happened is far different from his view today. In 2016, Mr Johnson blamed the EU for provoking Russia's attack, leading to him being branded a "Putin apologist". In a speech at the heart of the Brexit referendum battle, he dismissed the EU as a “force for instability”, attacking its “pretensions to run a foreign policy and defence policy” – and claiming there was a direct link to Russia’s actions. JUST IN: BBC QT: Audience member blasts Western attitude to Putin – ‘Utterly di He said: "If you want an example of EU policy making on the hoof and EU pretensions to running defence policy that have caused real trouble, then look at what has happened in the Ukraine. “All the EU can do in this question, in my view, is cause confusion and, as we’ve seen in the Balkans, I’m afraid, a tragic incident, and in the Ukraine things went wrong as well.” The speech was at the time widely condemned. Jack Straw, the former Labour Foreign Secretary, responded to the comments and said: "If further evidence were needed about the careless disregard for our security demonstrated by Leave campaigners, by being a Putin apologist, Johnson has provided it." DON'T MISS Ukraine MP 'hasn't seen her child in 8 days' amid Putin's invasion [REPORT] Remainer Civil Service on alert as leading Brexiteer Baroness Gisela S [INSIGHT]  Brexit Article 16 threat DERAILED over Ukraine invasion Brexit Article [ANALYSIS] A Downing Street spokesman also criticised Mr Johnson’s comments, saying then-Prime Minister David Cameron was “clear that the illegal annexation of Crimea was brought about by Russia alone”. Mr Johnson's speech was in response to Mr Cameron's claim that the UK leaving the EU could increase the risk of a European war. He had said: “Can we be so sure that peace and stability on our continent are assured beyond any shadow of doubt? "Is that a risk worth taking? I would never be so rash as to make that assumption.” Mr Johnson hit back, saying: “I think it is very, very curious that the Prime Minister is now calling this referendum and warning us that World War 3 is about to break out unless we vote to Remain." In light of the recent events in Ukraine, Nigel Farage, the former leader of the Brexit Party, now called Reform UK, blamed the West and argued that the attack was caused by NATO and the EU trying to “poke the Russian bear with a stick”. Admitting he had been wrong to dismiss warnings of an invasion, he nevertheless pointed to the expansion of the Western military alliance and the EU as the cause. Meanwhile, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg has warned that the days to come are "likely to be worse" as Russian forces are expected to bring in heavier weaponry and continue their attacks across Ukraine.  Speaking after an extraordinary meeting of NATO foreign ministers, Mr Stoltenberg described Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as “the worst military aggression in Europe for decades”. He said: "With cities under siege, schools, hospitals, and residential buildings shelled. "Reckless actions around a nuclear power plant last night and many civilians killed or wounded. "The days to come are likely to be worse, with more death, more sufferings, and more destruction."