Queen Letizia of Spain is considered one of the most fashionable royals; no matter the occasion, every outfit she wears is on or ahead of trends and stylish. And in true royal style, the jewels she chooses to pair her outfits are some of the most lavish jewels within royal history. As for what the most valuable piece is within her collection, the diamond necklace and braclet she inherited from Queen Ena, tops the list. The Joyas de Pasar is a collection of jewels designated specificially for the use of the Queens of Spain by Queen Ena. It consists of the Fleur-de-Lys Tiara, a diamond collet necklace, a pair of diamond earrings, a pair of matching diamond bracelets, a diamond brooch with a pearl pendant. A single-stranded pearl necklace is also included, as well as a four-stranded pearl necklace, and a grey pearl brooch with a pearl pendant. The jewels are now at the use of Queen Letizia, and so far, she has worn all items apart from the diamond brooch with a pearl pendant and four-stranded pearl necklace. READ MORE: Prince Harry warned dishing dirt on Camilla ‘may actually help her’ The diamond collet necklace is an impressive piece and she has only worn it on a couple of occasions. It also has an interesting hustory; the base for it was created by Spanish jeweller Ansorena as a wedding gift from King Alfonso XIII to his new bride. Throughout the marriage, for big occasions such as births, birthdays and anniversaries, he would gift her extra diamonds that Ena would add to the necklace. At one point, the necklace had to be worn as a double row, one longer and one shorter. DON'T MISS...Kate Middleton wears yellow gemstone ring from pre-royal days [PICTURES]Eugenie's £100,000 engagement ring 'took inspiration' from Fergie [EXPERT]Meghan Markle 'sends powerful messages' through jewellery [COMMENT] Eventually, the two rows were separated, with the longer one being put into the joyas de pasar (jewellery to be passed down) collection. It is believed the tradition of adding diamonds to the collet stops with Queen Letizia. As for when she was last seen wearing the diamond necklace, the royal stepped out with it last November. She hosted an official state dinner at the Royal Palace of Madrid with Italy's President Sergio Mattarella as the guest of honour. The royal wore a black floor length gown for the occasion and also wore the Queen Maria Christina’s Loop Tiara. Before that, Queen Letizia wore the diamond collet and matching bracelet when she visited Japan in 2019. She was pictured attenting the enthronement ceremony of Emperor Naruhito In Japan at the Imperial Palace. In terms of the diamond collets value, jewellery experts Steven Stone put a price tag of £20million on the pair. They explained: “Everything about this necklace is breathtaking. “The diamonds look to be the same size all the way around, and are probably around 15cts each. “The bracelet also looks as though it features very similar stones, of the same size and cut.” The second most expensive piece of jewellery at Queen Letizia’s disposal is the Fleur-de-Les tiara. That has a value of £10million while the diamond collet’s matching earrings, the chanton diamonds, have a value of £6million.