Vera fans are patiently waiting for the rest of season 11 to drop on ITV, with Covid playing havoc with the show's schedule. With four episodes for fans to view, the remaining two episodes are yet to get an air date, but the actress has disclosed that she doesn't plan on stopping any time soon. Detective Chief Inspector Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) has been solving crimes since 2011. The show is only growing in popularity which begs the question, will the 78-year-old want to continue for potential future seasons? The actress said: "At the moment, all the time I'm fit and able, I'll be visiting Vera." While the remaining episodes sit waiting to be released, the star can be seen in the ITV show Kate & Koji. Read More: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one The fictional Northumberland & City Police department in Vera is set in Newcastle upon Tyne in the county of Northumberland. On filming the show in the north east of England, the star told Radio Times: "I love it, I just love it – I love the people up there, too. "There is a difference between the friendliness of the north and the south, I don't care what anybody says." Often locals spot the show filming and tweet about seeing familiar locations in each episode when they air. The star added: "That's the main compliment, really, that the people of the north east like Vera." Fans of the show are not just close to where the show is filmed as the series is gaining traction globally. "I don't know if you've clocked what's been happening in Australia?" she added. "Season 11 has been going out in Australia on ABC and they've scheduled it against the Prime Minister's [Scott Morrison] address to the nation… and Vera won! DON’T MISS…Emmerdale youngster April Dingle devastated by dad Marlon's health scare? [SPOILERS]NCIS LA sparks fan frenzy as Deeks and Kensi stars confirm new roles ‘Dream duo!’[LATEST]Coronation Street couple exit after explosive family feud? [SPOILERS] "There were all these tweets saying, 'Vera for Prime Minister!'." The drama of season 11 kicked off in August 2021, with two episodes across August and September and a further two premiering at the start of 2022. No date has been set for the further two episodes yet. While appearing on This Morning last week, she spoke to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby about season 12 of the show. Discussing how she had finished working on Kate & Koji she added: “And I start filming for Vera on Monday.” Phillip replied: "You’re away for a long time then, aren’t you?” The star concluded: “It is about six or seven months.” Series 11 episodes 1-4 of Vera can be viewed on the ITV Hub