A decade on from celebrating Diamond Champions, older volunteers, to mark the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee, Camilla is spearheading a campaign to find Platinum Champions - people of all ages who go the extra mile to make a difference in their area. She is fronting up the search in her role as president of the Royal Voluntary Service. The awards, an official jubilee project in partnership with The Big Jubilee Lunch, will feature seven categories, recognising different fields of volunteering, ranging from those who support older people and the NHS, to those who support people’s mental and physical health, their local community, and more. Camilla, 74, said:  “I’m so delighted to be launching the Platinum Champions Volunteer Awards alongside Royal Voluntary Service. In honour of Her Majesty The Queen’s 70 years of service, we want to celebrate the outstanding contribution of volunteers. “In the search for our Platinum Champions, we want to thank and recognise all of those truly special people that are making a real difference to our communities with their kindness and generosity. “I hope many of you will share your stories of these local heroes and nominate them for a Platinum Champion Award. I believe it is these volunteers, enhancing the lives of others, that are the backbone of this country. I look forward to seeing our Platinum Champions, and all volunteers, celebrated at The Big Jubilee Lunch this summer.” Catherine Johnstone, chief executive of the RVS, said: “Royal Voluntary Service volunteers are amongst the millions of selfless people providing life-transforming support to others all over the country, every day. “Through the Platinum Champions Awards, we want to commend volunteers of all ages, from all corners of Britain and from a range of causes for their generosity. Help us to celebrate the amazing difference they are making to the health and happiness of our communities, by nominating a volunteer for a Platinum Champions Award.” The Platinum Champions Awards, which are supported by Royal Voluntary Service long standing partner M&G, will close on April 10. To nominate a volunteer for the Platinum Champions Awards, visit: royalvoluntaryservice.org.uk/platinum-champions-awards/