Tottenham manager Antonio Conte is a firm believer in the club's young forward Dane Scarlett - despite not handing him regular minutes. The 17-year-old is continuing to make waves behind the scenes in north London, where he is widely considered to be one of Spurs' best young prospects. He has already featured in the Europa Conference League earlier this season under Nuno Espirito Santo while continuing to play for the club's youth teams. There were even two small cameos from the bench in recent times against Leeds and Middlesborough. Yet despite being an unused substitute in the 3-1 win over West Ham on Sunday, Scarlett can take some pride in being name-checked by his manager after the game. "This guy is improving a lot," Conte said unprompted on the young talent. "He's a really important prospect for Tottenham. I see a brilliant future for him." Conte is not the only manager to be full of praise for Scarlett. Following his dismissal at White Hart Lane, Jose Mourinho took the time to make it clear that Scarlett has a big future in the game. He told The Times: "I know he’s still very young, just 17, and it is probably too early for the next World Cup, but Tottenham Hotspur have a striker in Dane Scarlett. "If everything goes well, is going to be phenomenal. For England, there is lots of promise." Conte has shown faith in the club's academy stars since his appointment and he has not been shy to include them in his squad from time to time. At the same time, the Italian has warned he won't hand out opportunities on little merit. He wants the club's next generation to prove their first-team credentials, a challenge he laid down to Scarlett three weeks ago. "I don't give gifts to my players," he admitted. "If you are a player and you are only 17-years-old, Dane's working really hard and he is a really good prospect from the academy. "He is for sure at this moment the best prospect from the academy. "It was a signal for him because he deserved this opportunity to play a few minutes. I don’t give a gift to anybody. They have to deserve this opportunity."