Paris Saint-Germain have decided they will part company with Mauricio Pochettino on their own terms and not another club's, according to reports. The Ligue 1 giants are keen to ensure the future of the Argentine remains in their hands heading into the final two months of the season. That said, there is an appreciation that Pochettino is now expected to depart the Parc des Prices at the end of the season. The PSG boss saw his side go down 3-0 at Monaco in the final match after the international break, cranking up the pressure on his shoulders following the embarrassing Champions League collapse against Real Madrid. Pochettino has now held private talks and been interviewed for the United hot seat. Sky Sports say PSG will only part company with Pochettino on their terms and not another club's. READ MORE: Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee Man Utd and Ajax 'have already discussed' Erik ten Hag announcement and compensation fee Yet given it would cost a reported £15million-£20m to relieve the former Tottenham boss and all of his coaching staff from their duties, United's interest could be beneficial. The Parisians wouldn't need to fork out that figure should Pochettino accept an offer elsewhere. PSG's stance is an indication that they will not be bullied into dismissing Pochettino and will instead logically decide what is best for the club. As things stand, they are on course to win Ligue 1 - something that was not achieved last season following Lille's memorable triumph. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt  Nice will also play Nantes in the final of the Coupe de France having beaten PSG in the Round of 16. Meanwhile, United are yet to formally decide who they want as their new manager despite an extensive interview process. Club sources have dismissed the idea of a frontrunner but Erik ten Hag is believed to be the number one contender. The Dutchman impressed football director John Murtough and director of football Darren Fletcher during discussions that took place around 10 days ago. United first reached out to Pochettino in November 2020 about potentially appointing the ex-Spurs boss in place of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Norwegian managed to steady the ship though and turned things around as United temporarily climbed to the top of the table. Pochettino then replaced Thomas Tuchel at PSG in January 2021 and nine months later, Solskjaer was handed his P45 at Old Trafford following a 4-1 defeat at Watford. There is now scope for the stars to align but ultimately, United could now choose to head in a different direction.