Princess Eugenie’s 32nd birthday is today, March 23. The royal was born in 1990, two years after her older sister Princess Beatrice was born in 1988. Today her friend Molly Whitehall, the younger sister of comedian Jack Whitehall, posted a picture of Eugenie on her Instagram story with the caption ‘Happy Birthday’.  The Princess could be seen wearing her Claudie Pierlot ‘Romilly’ dress, which she has worn many times before. The dress costs a whopping £305 and has now sold out. This is undoubtedly due to the many times Eugenie has been seen in the dress. The dress was Eugenie's go-to dress during the early months of her pregnancy in 2019 when she was pregnant with her son, August.  READ MORE: Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason Then in 2020, the royal joined her co-founder Julia de Boinville to visit a Salvation Army safe house, wearing her Claudie Pierlot 'Romilly' dress. But just recently, Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank took a trip to California to visit fellow royals, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. There, the foursome went out to dinner in Santa Barbara and the Princess was spotted in her floral dress once again. The floral dress is in a blue and black style.  It creates a super flattering shape for Eugenie and it's certainly a winning formula for the Princess. Eugenie could also be seen wearing a gold pendant necklace. This was paired with a pair of gold earrings to perfectly match and complete her outfit. The Princess had curled her brunette locks into gorgeous ringlets and wore minimal makeup for the occasion.  From the menus on the table, it is clear Eugenie and Molly were at Scott’s in Mayfair. This is a seafood, fish, shellfish, Champagne and oysters restaurant with a private room for hire available. In a second image on Molly’s Instagram story, Eugenie could be seen hanging out with Julia DeBoinville, who runs the Anti-Slavery Collective with Princess Eugenie. Another of Eugenie’s friends, Cleo Oettingen-Spielberg, the wife of Franz Albrecht, the heir to the German Princely House of Oettingen-Spielberg, posted an image of the Princess for her birthday.  This time the royal appeared to be wearing her BCBGMAXAZRIA ‘Viviane’ black gown. Although the item is no longer in stock, it can be purchased for £107.65 on eBay. Royal fans took to social media praising Eugenie’s style for her birthday. Instagram user @sis_lovers_69_q8 wrote: “Happy birthday pretty Princess Eugenie.” 