  Countryfile star Matt Baker MBE, 44, is set to travel around the North East with his mum and dad in a new programme for More 4. The nature lover’s parents joined him on Instagram to share their exciting news.     Last year, Matt’s parents Janice and Mike won over the hearts of the British public when they appeared on Channel 4 series Our Farm in the Dales. The show follows Matt and his wife Nicola Mooney, along with children Luke and Molly as they move to the organic sheep farm in the Durham Hills where the presenter grew up. Now, it seems the star will be returning to our screens once more with his beloved parents. Addressing his 295,000 Instagram followers, Matt wrote: “Hi all.. NEW SHOW announcement! Coming to More4 very soon is my Travels with Mum and Dad - we’re taking Dad’s renovated caravan off around the north east for days out off the farm! Can’t wait to share our 4 part series with you all.” (sic) READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     He also included an accompanying video from the farm, which featured mum Janice and dad Mike. In the clip, Matt said: “Hi all, hope you’re well! So I’m doing a new show on More 4 and here I am with the stars of it - it’s mum and dad!” As Janice laughed and Mike gave a little wave, Matt continued: “The show is called Travels with Mum and Dad. We are literally travelling around the North East having a whale of a time. “We’ve got dad’s caravan up and running! It’s hit the road and we’ve been having a great time.      “We’ve been to four places,” he added, turning to Mike: “Dad, can you remember what they are, first one?” “Bamburgh!” Mike replied, to which Matt confirmed: “Bamburgh Castle, very good,” before his mum also chipped in with “Beamish!” Beamish is a village located in County Durham and boasts a world-famous open-air museum. “Then we go to Durham Cathedral,” Matt continued. “And the fourth one is…” READ MORE... 'Horrible, tragic' Martin Lewis bids farewell after worrying warning [LATEST] ‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS] Alex Scott talks co-star Gary Lineker's rare 'emotional' on-air moment [NEWS]      “Hexham races,” his dad confirmed in reference to the famous racecourse. “We’ve been having an absolute ball together,” Matt said as Mike added: “We’ve met some lovely people, wonderful new friends - brilliant.” “In our beloved North East,” Matt concluded. “So listen, we hope you enjoy watching it too. “It’ll be on your screens very shortly on More 4. We can’t wait and we hope you can’t wait too.”      Matt’s fans flooded the comments section, with gymnast Dominick Cunningham writing: “Looking forward to it! So cute haha!” DIY pro Nick Knowles wrote: “You went to a Bamburgh Castle - are filming an SOS in Longframlington in a couple of weeks. (sic) “I was gonna have a run up to Bamburgh and Lindisfarne too. I’ll watch your show to get some pointers,” he added with a smile and thumbs up emoji. “Brilliant, so enjoy your programmes with your lovely family!” Fiona Richards added with a heart emoji. Jan Evans commented: “Will be great to watch all the new adventures in your beloved North East, Matt! It looks like a fab series!”   