The Ukrainian Ambassador told the Foreign Affairs Committee Russia is seeking to isolate Ukraine from the sea with a complete takeover of the south of the country. He suggested the latest activity shows Vladimir Putin is seeking to secure a clear path from Russia proper to the breakaway state of Transnistria on the Ukrainian-Moldovan border. And he said Russian troops are not "stealing water" from Ukrainian rivers to boost water access across Crimea. Mr Prystaiko said: "They managed to take some of the smaller southern towns and one of the regional centres. "Their aim is obvious, they're trying to get access from their territory towards Crimea. "Their bigger plan is to have all the way to Transnistria where they've supported this unrecognised republic for many years and will therefore put an army in there. "This will cut Ukraine out of the sea completely meaning all the south is Russia." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "The second priority they have is to supply water to Crimea. "They've already started stealing water from a major river. "They blew that dam that was covering the canal from the Dnieper River to Crimea, they're now trying to revive this canal." Kyiv blocked access to the canal connecting the Dnieper River to Crimea following Russia's annexation in 2014. READ MORE: 'Money is worthless, everyone is panicking' Nightmare grips Russia as Putin war backfires The region has since been experiencing severe water shortages, especially during the summer. Russian Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov said last week: "The joint use of raid detachments and airborne troops in the Crimean direction ensured the exit of Russian troops to the city of Kherson. "This made it possible to unblock the North Crimean Canal and restore water supply to the Crimean peninsula." DON'T MISS: ‘Show this to Putin’ Horror as girl, 6, killed in her unicorn pyjamas [REPORT] Putin has rug pulled from under him as oligarchs break rank on Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Thousands' of Britons could head to Ukraine to fight Putin's Russia [ANALYSIS] Sergey Aksyonov said the canal could start resupplying water to Crimea after two weeks of work, insisting residents of the Ukrainian region of Kherson will not be affected. Mr Aksyonov said: "There are issues that will take some time to resolve. "The clean-up work will take about two weeks. "The main thing is that there is an understanding that Crimea will have water, and this will not create any problems for the residents of the Kherson region."