 Lorraine Kelly welcomed royal expert Russell Myers onto her ITV daytime show on Wednesday as they discussed the memorial service for the late Prince Philip. The Royal Family attended a service of thanksgiving at Westminster Abbey on Tuesday. Reflecting on the service, Lorraine questioned why Prince Andrew was placed centre stage as he walked in with the Queen.   Looking back at the service at Westminster Abbey, Lorraine began: “Right up until the last minute we didn’t know whether she [the Queen] was going to make it. “It was fantastic that she was well enough to go. But, lots of people are saying, ‘Why did she have Andrew escorting her in. “What’s going on here?” The ITV daytime presenter questioned. Russell explained: “Rumours started filtering down that Prince Andrew was going to get in the car with her and travel from Windsor. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith   “I don’t think anyone thought that was too out of the ordinary because they live pretty much next door to each other on the Windsor Estate. “However, when they got to the Abbey and he then is walking her into the church essentially, I think there were a lot of eyebrows raised,” he remarked. Keen to know what Andrew’s prominent role in the service could signify, Lorraine asked: “Does this mean he’s rehabilitated?” Russell replied: “I think he has been pushing himself, as he always has done.    “I mean, we know about his character, it's been well publicised, his arrogance and how he’s been perceived over many, many years. “However, as you rightly say this should have been about the Queen and should have been about the Duke of Edinburgh,” he noted. Russell commented: “Lots of symbolism throughout the whole service, however it’s kind of been lost because of what we’re talking about, about Prince Andrew. “I think that’s a real, real shame to be honest,” he confessed. DON'T MISS...Martin Lewis skewers Raab over ‘desperate’ cost of living crisis [WATCH]EastEnders spoilers: Harvey Monroe heartbroken after Jean betrayal [SPOILERS]Maureen Lipman opens up on grief after losing her partner [INSIGHT]  Russell said: “There is a new monarchy emerging and I think that is an unfortunate sort of throw back that Prince Andrew was associated with the Duke of Edinburgh’s service.” “He’s very much the past. Very much the past,” Lorraine remarked. Russell agreed: “He is. I mean, he may think that he has a chance to get to the fore of the jubilee celebrations. “But, I think again they will be looking at some unwelcome headlines, the sentiment behind that, and they will say ‘There’s no chance of him coming back,'" the royal expert explained.    Lorraine commented: “I just always go back to what I’ve said for years… Who is advising them? “Who advises them? That’s the thing,” the presenter added. She suggested: “They need somebody who really knows what they’re doing and has got a sort of common touch perhaps, and that knows what goes down well and what doesn’t. “They should know that though! Anyway, that’s a whole other discussion,” Lorraine said. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. 