Cristiano Ronaldo was not in England for Manchester United's trip to Manchester City on Sunday - a decision that reportedly surprised his team-mates. Ronaldo missed the match at the Etihad due to a problem with his hip flexor. And it has now emerged he was abroad by the time the matched kicked off. United suffered another dent in their hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four this season. Ralf Rangnick's side were comprehensively beaten 4-1 by neighbours City. Two goals each from Kevin De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez were enough to see off the Red Devils. It emerged on Saturday evening that Ronaldo was set to miss the match. TOP STORY: Roy Keane claims six Man Utd stars should never play for club again in post-Man City rant  Rangnick confirmed he was struggling with the same injury he has missed previous matches with this season. But The Athletic now claims Ronaldo jetted off to his home country of Portugal once it was known he would not be fit for the match. The rest of the United squad were left surprised by the decision as they wanted him to be at the Etihad, even if he was not fit to play. The players feel Ronaldo's presence at the derby could have been beneficial to their performance. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Man Utd 'add boss mentioned by Paul Scholes to shortlist' despite Ten Hag 'agreement' [REPORT]  Injured United players are not obliged to attend matches but Ronaldo has had a big impact on the dressing room since his return last summer and it is claimed his aura may have made a difference. United legend Roy Keane suggested before kick-off that there was more to Ronaldo's absence than met the eye. When discussing the team news, Keane said: "I think the surprise there is with Ronaldo. I'm never sure when they come up and say it's a hip flexor." When asked if he felt there was more to it, Keane added: "There seems to be. I just don't like it when a manager talks about this hip flexor. I don't get it.  "We talk about Ronaldo being almost some short of machine, is very rarely injured, but every now and again he comes out with that. Hip flexor, it doesn't add up to me." However, Rangnick said there was no doubt on his part that Ronaldo was not fit for the match. Speaking in his post-game press conference, Rangnick said: “I have to believe our medical department. "Our doctor came to me on Friday morning to say Cristiano couldn’t train because of some problems with his hip flexor and the same on Saturday.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here