The UK, USA and EU have all moved to reduce or completely ban Russian imports of oil in response to the crisis, the biggest financial crackdown since the invasion began on February 24. It’s no secret that the repercussions for drivers in the UK and Europe are likely to be huge - with prices at the pumps already shooting up to record highs. Some eight percent of British oil comes from Russia, and most of our imports come from Norway. However, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (BEIS) said the UK imports 13 percent of its diesel from Russia, and none of its petrol. No cuts to excise duty have been announced to help UK drivers with the rising cost of fuel.  READ MORE: Fuel hits £2-a-litre in the UK for the first time ever Figures from data firm Experian Catalist show the average cost of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts has risen again, now at 159.6p, up from 158.2p on Tuesday. This is almost 30 percent higher than the price of petrol this time in 2021. Matters are worse for diesel drivers, with the average cost of a litre of diesel reaching 167.4p on Wednesday, up from 165.2p on Tuesday. Experts are united that petrol and diesel prices will continue to rise across Britain, with few signs of slowing down or reducing on the horizon. Greg Marsh, CEO of online cost-of-living champion Nous.co, explained for Express.co.uk readers: "Coming on top of increased energy and utility bills as well as tax rises and interest rate rises, the ban on Russian oil could cost the average UK family an extra £1,400 a year as it affects prices at the pumps and the cost of food.”  DON'T MISSBritish drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise [INSIGHT]Prices of second-hand EVs start to climb [REPORT]Transport campaigner issues stark warning over skyrocketing fuel price [INSIGHT] “To understand this, it already costs £20 more to fill up an average tank. “We think that may rise to £45. “If you fill up 20 times per year, which is typical, that’s a £900 increase.” But the cost of filling up your tank isn’t the only way Brits will be forced into paying more - as Mr Marsh explains the knock-on effect it will have in other areas.  He continues: “But rising fuel costs also increase the cost of transporting goods to shops and homes – including food. “An average family’s food bills may rise by 10 percent – that’s £500 per year, or around £10 per week.” “It’s never been more important to stay vigilant about price hikes. We see some companies taking advantage of this situation to raise their prices over and above inflation. “Everyone’s situation is a bit different, so we advise you to use free online resources like Nous.co to find out the specific impact on your household.”