Wilmer Valderrama shot to fame as Fez in the sitcom That 70s Show, followed by From Dusk till Dawn: The Series as Carlos Madrigal. However, for the past six years, he has been starring in the CBS police procedural NCIS as charming Agent Nick Torres. A major part of his character arc has been the flirtationship with Agent Ellie Bishop (played by Emily Wickersham). WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.Torres and Bishop were seen to be the new Agents Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly) and Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) with their will-they-won't-they storyline. There were several moments where it looked like they would actually get together but it wasn't meant to be as in season 18, Bishop left the drama as she went undercover for a secret mission set by Odette Malone (Elayn Taylor). But before she left, Bishop kissed Torres, confirming they had feelings for each other that were just never explored. However, Torres actor Valderrama's love life has been a lot more successful over the years. READ MORE: Steve Fletcher on why he'd turn down The Repair Shop role The 42-year-old has been linked to a number of famous girlfriends over the years. They have included the likes of Jennifer Love Hewitt, Mandy Moore, Lindsay Lohan and Ashlee Simpson. His most famous girlfriend was former Disney actress and singer Demi Lovato who he dated for almost six years. They have remained good friends and even worked together on the 2018 animated film Charming. As of yet, the NCIS actor Valderrama is not married but is very much on the road to be. It isn't clear how they met but he has been dating model Amanda Pacheco since May 2019. In January 2020, Valderrama took the next big step in their relationship, getting down on one knee to propose on in San Diego on New Year's Day. They have also since welcomed their first daughter Nakano Oceana into the world. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Marlon Dingle and Rhona Goskirk 'leave' in April twist [EXIT]NCIS LA season 13: Marty and Kensi reunite with returning agent [CAST]NCIS season 19: Torres and Tennant row confirmed after crossover promo [PROMO] The upcoming episode of NCIS is going to be a very special one as it will be a crossover between the original drama and the latest spin-off NCIS Hawaii. The synopsis reads: "NCIS investigates the apparent suicide of a retired Navy officer who was in Palmer and Knight's grief group. "Torres gets a call from NCIS Special Agent Jane Tennant to come to Hawai'i when she gets a lead on a witness from a case they worked on together." NCIS season 19 continues every Monday on CBS in America. A UK release date hasn't been announced.