When the Covid pandemic hit the Government adjusted the rules for how much you could claim on several types of illness or disability benefits. However, following last month’s ‘Living with Covid’ strategy announcement, the rules are now being changed once more. From Thursday, March 24 employees will not be able to claim SSP beginning on their first day’s absence. Instead, you will receive the money on day four. The Government tweaked the ruling for SSP to reflect the high levels of illness and self-isolation created by the virus two years ago. READ MORE: Busybody cyclist fined for taking over 500 helmet cam videos  At present, SSP is worth £96.35 a week for those eligible to make a claim. The benefit is paid by employers for up to 28 weeks after the first three days of illness - and if you are earning at least £120 a week. Under UK law, SSP is the minimum amount you’re entitled to if you are unable to work, though your employer might pay more. You can check your contract of employment to see if your company has a sick pay or ‘occupational’ scheme.  When the Government altered the rule for SSP it also amended Employment and Support Allowance (ESA). You can claim ESA if an illness or disability is affecting your capacity to work. People who are ill or disabled can apply for ESA help of up to £74.70 a week, depending on circumstances. DON'T MISS: Dad's fury at being fined after football fans park outside his home [INSIGHT]'Brexit La La Land' Former Finnish PM in stunning attack against UK [NEWS]Bitter Brussels SNUBS Boris for key summit after 'insult' [EXPLAINED]  The Government’s rule change allowed those eligible to make a claim from the first day they were absent from work - instead of the usual eighth day. However, from next week there will be a seven-day wait again for claiming ESA. Eligibility criteria for ESA include having worked either as a self-employed worker or as an employee and making enough National Insurance contributions (usually in the last two to three years). You won’t qualify for ESA if you already claim Jobseeker’s Allowance or SSP.  The changes have come as part of the Government’s ‘Living with Covid’ strategy - revealed on February 21 - marking the end of two years of lockdowns and testing. In England, there is no longer a legal requirement for an individual to self-isolate even if you test positive for Covid. From the start of next month, the provision of free Covid tests will also no longer apply. 