Weather models reveal a rare double splitting of the Polar Vortex–the mass of freezing air circling the Arctic atmosphere. It threatens to sink southwards over Russia before pushing west to open the floodgates for bitter winds to sweep into Britain. Weather charts reveal winter is gearing back up to unleash a ‘harsh sting in the tail’, according to weathertrending meteorologist John Hammond.  He said: “The battle between cold Continental winds and mild Atlantic winds could culminate in a brief snowfall for some later in the week.” Meteorologists have for the past fortnight been watching temperature rises in the Polar stratosphere. Initially, a warming was thought not to be so rapid to spark an SSW event, although the last 24 hours tell a different tale. Dr Judah Cohen, of the US Atmospheric and Environmental Research, said weather models reveal two Polar Vortex splits heralding an emerging SSW event. UK meteorologist Marco Petagna added: “Models have been forecasting a warming episode in the stratosphere and associated weakening of the stratospheric polar vortex. “Both are underway now, and as expected graphs show the warming now taking place.” Marko Korosec, or Severe Weather Europe, said the weather across Europe is about to ‘flip’ as high pressure builds. This will open a ‘corridor’ to freezing air from Arctic Russia and Europe to spreading westwards, he warned. He said: “The activity of the Polar Vortex is the driving factor behind those major cold outbreaks. “During the second half of the week, a winter storm with heavy snowfall is increasingly likely to develop across southern portions of the Balkan peninsula.” Britain’s weather will turn wintry as cold winds flooding in from the Baltic clash with milder air from the Atlantic. Jim Dale, meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “The cold will initially come in from Italy, Holland and Belgium. “The Polar Vortex is showing signs of dislocation in the direction of Russia. “The cold air will follow, initially over Eastern Europe, but eventually moving further west. “We then look to the Atlantic for our weather, and when air comes in meeting cold air sitting over the UK, this creates a battleground, and it is this which brings the potential for snow. “Early signals show there is a chance of this happening later in the week.” Exacta Weather forecaster James Madden added: “Cold and wintry weather shows signs of making another appearance during the start of March. “When milder weather pushes in off the Atlantic, this brings the risk of snow which can be heavy across parts of the country. “A sudden stratospheric warming could affect the jet stream. “A major event of this nature could bring colder north to north-easterly winds across the country.” Bookies have once again slashed the odds on this month going down as the coldest March on record. As temperature predictions continue to tumble, Ladbrokes is offering 6-4 on a record cold snap. Spokesman Alex Apati said: "The odds are tumbling with the temperatures, and with an imminent big freeze set to batter the UK, this could well go down as a record-breaking cold March.”