In England, the free prescription age is currently 60, but this is under review. Proposals being considered could mean the free prescription age aligns with state pension age - currently 66 and rising. But elsewhere in the UK, people do not have to worry about the £9.35 per item charge. That is because in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, individuals get free prescriptions universally - regardless of age or circumstances. Devolved governments have control over health related policies, meaning there is a difference between these parts of the UK and England. But with the free prescription age potentially changing in England, more people may have to shoulder the burden of charges. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning: Couples risk not being able to stay in home Consequently, older people have expressed their outrage at a potential payment, while other parts of the UK get theirs free. They spoke to Age UK, a charity which is calling for the Government to put the brakes on any changes to free prescriptions. One woman named Elaine said: “I have a medical condition that would cost me a lot to buy prescriptions for. “But if I lived in Scotland, I wouldn’t pay at all! That’s not equitable! DON'T MISSState pension: Rishi Sunak urged to increase sum to £19,760 per year [INSIGHT]State pensioners fail to claim £1,900 retirement boost - act now [ANALYSIS]State pension warning: Will you miss out on the full sum? [EXPLAINED] “My state pension won’t be paid until I’m 66, how much more do they want to take from me? “I paid tax and National Insurance for 42 years, but if I had never bothered to work, I would have got free prescriptions. How is that fair?” Another person, who wished to remain anonymous, also shared their thoughts on the disparity. They explained: “I have to buy a yearly NHS prescription prepayment certificate, as I have asthma, scoliosis, and suffer with depression.   What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. “I did try to claim on PIP for my scoliosis some years back, but was told my curve was not pronounced enough, despite the pain it causes me. “At present myself and my husband survive on his pension, so it would not help having to pay for prescriptions till I am 66. “Scotland and Wales have no charges, why are the English expected to support the rest of the UK? It should be fairer than this.” Age UK has described the potential free prescription age change as a “kick in the teeth” for over 60s. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It has urged the Government to keep the free prescription age at its current level. A Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) spokesperson said: “Around 90 percent of community prescription items in England are free of charge, and people don’t pay if they are on a low income, over 60, or have certain medical conditions. “The upper age exemption has not changed since 1995 and that is why we have consulted on restoring the link between this and the state pension age. "We are considering the responses carefully and will respond in due course. Extensive arrangements are already in place to help people afford NHS prescriptions.”