The 2021 Motorhome Inflation Market Report has revealed an average increase in price of 13.86 percent over the past year. Across the past year, prices for motorhomes have seen a big increase, similar to price increases across the used car market. This has been put down to a lack of new motorhome supply, with more people turning to the second-hand market with more competing buyers pushing up prices. In addition, a new wave of first time buyers have driven used motorhomes prices up as they venture into the market for the first time. Shane Malpass, expert at We Buy Any Motorcaravan, spoke about what was causing the shortage of new motorhomes across the country. He said: “As we all know semiconductors are a big factor in all things new and electronic. READ MORE: DVLA issues warning to elderly drivers  “You then have the increase in material prices because of demand. “There have even been times when manufacturers can’t build the wood cabinets inside, because they can’t get hold of wood. “Power shortages in the far east have meant they are on shorter weeks, in which even if that impacts on one component, it could stop the whole build. “Swift are a good example of having to alter parts around. DON'T MISSNumber plate changes hit the UK this week [INSIGHT]New car tax changes will hit petrol and diesel owners with daily fee [WARNING]Drivers urged to pay car tax ahead of major VED changes next month [URGENT] “Their lovely Swift Command unit has had to be ditched on the lower-priced models to a simpler non-screen button, just because it will be easier to get hold of. “Chassis cabs are a general nightmare. Fiat is particularly bad. “You then have shipping implications where it’s taking so long to get them delivered due to the demand. “For example, we currently have two new Fiat work vans that have been sat on the docks of Italy for over a month and are now set on the docks of England, with no drivers able to get them back to the Fiat dealership.” The rising popularity of DIY motorhome influencers and Youtubers has also increased demand for used motorhomes, especially among the 30-45 age bracket. The report, from buymymotorhome.com, reported that British brand Auto-Trail was the best performing and best selling brand in 2021. Auto-Trail has now held the top spot for two years, followed by Volkswagen and Swift in joint second place. Mr Malpass added that prices have “absolutely” gone up: “Even models such as the Swift Escape has gone up around £10,000 for 2022, which is a huge increase. “Baileys and other models have gone up approximately £6,000 per unit. “If you are talking the £100,000 plus German market, you are then talking £15,000, if not more depending on spec. “And there could well be more price increases to come!” Drivers are urged to “buy now” if they see a motorhome on sale due to the volatility of prices and issues with stock availability across the UK.