A desperate Vladimir Putin held yesterday's packed-out rally in Moscow as a "last-ditch effort" to lift morale among Russian troops whose invasion has largely stalled in Ukraine, according to CNN's Nada Bashir. She revealed that President Putin's praise for the Russian war effort during his speech was key since Pentagon reports indicate plummeting morale among his forces. She said that a "lowering morale in Russian troops in Ukraine" combined with a "growing sense of opposition inside Russia itself" could have panicked the Russian leader into the event. President Putin held the massive celebration in Moscow to mark the eighth anniversary of the Russian annexation of Crimea. The Luzhniki stadium in Moscow, which hosted the World Cup final in 2018, was packed out for the rally, which included patriot songs and crowds waving Russian flags. He told the cheering crowds that the "main purpose" of the invasion of Ukraine is to "save people from suffering and genocide". The Russian leader told supporters that Russian soldiers are fighting "shoulder to shoulder" in Ukraine, adding: "We haven't had such unity in such a long time." JUST IN: Russian soldiers now begging Ukrainians for food as villagers hounded Ms Bashir told CNN viewers: "We are hearing reports that members of staff from the Kremlin, other state officials, were actually pressured to attend. They were actually bused in. "CNN has not been able to independently verify those reports. But they fit into the narrative of Russia pushing this PR campaign as a last-ditch effort. "We see the lowering morale in Russian troops and a growing sense of opposition from protesters in Russia itself." She later added: "We heard him praise the heroism of Russian troops during that speech and that is important. "Because we have heard reports form the Pentagon that morale among Russians troops is waning. "He also said that Russia has never been so unified which contradicts the images of protests we have seen in the country." Will Vernon, a senior BBC producer based in Moscow, appeared to corroborate CNN's claims of pressured attendees. He tweeted: "Many said they worked in the public sector (e.g. schoolteachers), and that they had been pressured into attending by their employers. "One group of teachers, from a town near Moscow, were being told what to say to us by a woman who appeared to be from the local administration. "One man, who works in the Moscow metro, told us that he and other employees had been forced to attend the rally. "Many seemed embarrassed or ashamed to be there. "Students told us they had been given the option of a day off from lectures if they attended 'a concert'." DON'T MISS: Ukrainian soldiers sing 'God Save The Queen' and praise UK weapons [VIDEO]Queen's traditional royal duty 'struck from monarch's diary' [INSIGHT]Ukraine war LIVE: Terrifying 'invisible' missile fired for first time [LIVE BLOG] Earlier today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson claimed Putin was panicking about the prospect of being overthrown by a revolution in Russia. This comes amid reports of catastrophic losses for Russia's armed forces. Ukrainian officials claimed that a fifth Russian general has been killed during fighting near the city of Kherson. Ukraine’s military puts the number of Russian forces killed at more than 14,000. However, even conservative estimates from the US claim that more than 7,000 Russian troops have been killed in less than three weeks of fighting.