Ralf Little plays Death in Paradise’s leading star DI Neville Parker, and like all previous detectives on the show, the popular officer has an incredible proficiency for solving crime on the Island of Saint Marie. Neville had originally taken over from Detective Jack Mooney (played by Ardal O'Hanlon) on a temporary basis, but after his two-year stint on the show, his presence has proven to be a huge success amongst BBC viewers. Filmed across the Guadeloupe Islands for six months each year, the actor had opened up about the “bad” conditions he is often faced with that “most people won’t realise”. While perhaps, to some, the location may seem idyllic, the TV actor has revealed how the reality is far from it. Detailing the weather conditions, Ralf told the BBC: “What most people won’t realise is that on any TV show you have what you call ‘wet weather cover’. “If you’ve got a whole day of filming scenes outside and the weather is bad and you can’t do it. “Wet weather cover means you’ll swap out the scenes, go inside and shoot in the studio where the environment can be controlled,” he explained. READ MORE:Emmerdale death as Vinny Dingle exits just days after marrying Liv? While discussing the difficulties of filming inside, the Royle Family star claimed it takes the magic away from the show’s seemingly blissful setting. He stated: “We’re making a show in the Caribbean, it’s called ‘Death in Paradise’!" Ralf went on to add how there would be “very little point” shooting the programme inside a studio when it often relies on its scenic location. In its eleventh outing, the series ended in suitably dramatic fashion with an extravagant murder mystery and a shock twist for Commissioner Selwyn (Don Warrington). As notably one of the most dangerous chess tournaments to grace TV screens, a murder within the community occurred leading the DI and his team to look in search of the mysterious killer. Meanwhile, ready to move on from his feelings for the newly departed Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert), Neville decided to give dating apps a go for his toughest challenge yet, could he soon have the key to someone’s heart? Unlucky in love, the leading officer is not very outgoing or extroverted due to his allergies and feeling out of place. Despite the character becoming slightly more adventurous since his first appearance, Neville was believed to be allergic to the sun, mosquitos, bugs in general, and sand. However, BBC fans will have to wait until the 12 instalments air to see how the detective gets on with his quest for love. But the biggest bomb dropped was in the form of a blast from the past for Commissioner Selwyn, who was confronted by a former love Maggie Harper (Orla Brady), who returned to Saint Marie after years of being away. Their connection was obvious from the start, and, over lunch, they revealed they were once together, which sent viewers into meltdown. Maggie had gotten married to a man named Stephen, who died last year, and later on, in the episode, the writer had confessed she had been longing to return to the Island to see how the Commissioner felt, years after their encounter. As the season finale unfolded, Selwyn called for answers after she sudden exit, Maggie was in the midst of planning her return to England. In a huge twist that viewers didn’t see coming, Maggie revealed that her daughter Andrina was not Stephen's, but his. Death in Paradise is available now on BBC iPlayer