Kate, Duchess of Cambridge is known to be a hands-on and devoted mother to her three royal children, Prince George, eight, Princess Charlotte, six, and Prince Louis, three. But in recent months, Kate has made many light-hearted comments about her wish to have another baby with Prince William. So could baby number four be on the cards for the Cambridges? This week Kate and William visited Wales to mark St David's Day, and their visit included a trip to Abergavenny Market to meet local suppliers. The popular royal couple stopped to speak to members of the public, and Kate looked delighted to meet a group of babies with their mothers. Kate was spotted putting her arm around William as she uttered "look at the lovely babies" while grinning delightedly. HELLO!'s royal editor Emily Nash shared a video of the encounter on Twitter, and she wrote: "William and Kate on their first joint walkabout since the pandemic outside Abergavenny Market earlier.  READ MORE: Queen Letizia leaves fans gushing after ‘real fashion statement’ "It seems Kate wasn’t joking when she said that William worries that meeting young babies makes her broody! "Lots of little ones in traditional costume for St David’s Day". Kate's comments in Wales are just one of three to have raised eyebrows in recent weeks, with the Duchess also mentioning her broodiness during her trip to Denmark last month. Kate visited the Scandinavian country as part of her work with the early years, and she got to meet several parents and their babies in Copenhagen.  After meeting the little ones, Kate joked: "It makes me very broody. "William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, 'let's have another one'." While Kate may well be hoping to expand the Cambridge family, another little one doesn't seem high on William's agenda at the moment. Kate was pictured cooing over a baby at the Clitheroe Community Hospital in January 2022.  DON'T MISS:Inside the major role Kate Middleton will play in Platinum Jubilee [INSIGHT]Prince Charles steps in for Queen with Ukraine message [ANALYSIS]Kate 'more relaxed' without Prince William as Duchess holding back [VIDEO] The Duchess looked delighted to be holding the baby girl, and an audible 'aww' echoed around the room. But this prompted a hilarious reaction from Prince William, who was quick to quash any suggestion of another Cambridge baby. William told the crowd: “Don’t give my wife any more ideas!” And when Kate returned the baby to her parents, William also joked: "Don’t take her with you.” 