Passengers caught up in the delays at Terminal 5 on Wednesday afternoon took to social media to vent their frustration. British Airways apologised and said the issue had been resolved, but added that some flights had been cancelled this evening. A spokesperson for the airline said: "While we were able to resolve the temporary technical issue we experienced earlier today quickly and resume flight operations at Heathrow Terminal 5, we deeply regret that we have now had to cancel some of our flights this evening. "We are taking steps to ensure as many customers as possible travel as planned. "We have apologised to our customers for the inconvenience we have caused them, are offering to refund or rebook them onto alternative flights, and providing refreshment vouchers and hotel accommodation where needed." Earlier on Wednesday, the company was inundated with queries from angry customers on Twitter.  One Twitter user, Will Karkar, said: "Been stuck at Heathrow for 2.5 hours unable to check in with @British_Airways due to them experiencing a 'global IT system failure' … no one seems to have answers or know what’s going on #BritishAirways." Another with the handle @angegarrod wrote: "Apparently #BritishAirways IT systems down globally. #Heathrow is backed up, parking running out, passengers stuck on planes... Global Britain eh..." A third, @izyofficial, said: "Another IT failure at Heathrow t5... British Airways systems failure. "Check in down, boarding down no information on when it will be back up...looks like a long evening at the airport." Another Twitter user, @serves_4, added: "What is going on @British_Airways and @HeathrowAirport Terminal 5?? "You need to keep your passengers informed! "2/2 flights with BA since covid and nothing but chaos and disappointment. Sort. It. Out." A fifth with the handle @bendixcph tweeted: "IT systems are down in Heathrow T5 (globally?) and no passengers are being let through security nor to check in their luggage. #heathrow #ba #BritishAirways #scenes." One more person, Lizzie Ellen, wrote: "Never travelling @British_Airways again. Ever. "Yep flights changed, one within 48 hours, took a day to get through to them. "Now waiting at the airport delayed flight because of an 'IT system'." It is the latest in a series of IT problems for British Airways. Last month, more than 500 flights were cancelled or delayed following an IT meltdown. 