A Place In The Sun newcomer Craig Rowe has had his fair share of property disasters as the show expert has continued to build his own portfolio. The savvy investor currently helps Britons find their dream home abroad on the Channel 4 show. The 49-year-old revealed that he began his property journey decades ago at the tender age of 25. The presenter explained that he teamed up with his sister to secure their first mortgage but added that it took a lot of hard work as he held down three jobs. The on-screen star recalled an error he made to the interior of one of his properties. The A Place In The Sun star had decided to retile the bathroom but admittedly decided to complete the work himself without having to spend too much money. READ MORE: Al Murray mocks Kate and Prince William's 'embarrassing' photo Craig explained: "In one of my properties in north west London, it had old fashioned pink tiles on it. "I decided rather than retiling the bathroom - there was this trend for painting tiles -  I decided I would paint them a pale shade of blue." He continued: "I don't know what happened. I don't know if I didn't prep properly, I don't know if I did it too quickly, because I lost patience with it, but we painted the tiles." But to the property expert's horror the final result was shocking.  "When you turned the light off at night time, they would stay luminous. Like ultraviolet," Craig laughed. "Oh my God. They looked absolutely horrendous." He continued:  "With the light on, they were this kind of weird blue and when you turned the light off it was ultraviolet. They looked horrendous. "And guess what, I ended up having to retile anyway. I cut corners." DON'T MISS... Sinéad O'Connor shares brutal rejection email to Piers Morgan[LATEST]'They called it a tumour' Jasmine Harman addresses family struggles[EXCLUSIVE]Jeremy Clarkson talks taking armoured vehicles to Ukraine during war[COLUMN] The Channel 4 presenter confessed he had learned a good lesson and that is to never "cut corners" when renovating your home. Craig remarked: "But that was a good property lesson I have learned over the years. Don't cut corners. "It's worth waiting, saving a bit more money and doing things properly rather than trying to cut corners. "Because unless you really know what you're doing - because I know what I'm doing from a design point - but from a trade point of view, you have either got to get a professional in or you've got to wait until you can afford to do it properly." Craig shared that he ended up working three different jobs in a bid to save enough money for a deposit on his first home. The small-screen star said his first purchase made him catch the "property bug" and he had been developing his property portfolio ever since. The Channel 4 presenter recently renovated an ex-council flat which he has since made his home. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.