The Prince of Wales is providing most of the multi-million legal settlement, while the Queen is also helping. No public money is being used, the Sun reports. According to the newspaper, Andrew has 10 days to hand over the cash so his accuser Virginia Giuffre drops her lawsuit. The Duke will reportedly pay back his older brother and his mother when he gets the money from the sale of his Swiss ski chalet which could take months. A source told the Sun: “There were family discussions about how to ‘take a little from here and a little from there’. “Once it (money from the chalet) hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money. “But that payment (to Virginia) has to be paid on time. "He can’t rely on selling the chalet. "Too many things can go wrong and the court won’t wait for property queries.” A friend of Andrew added: “He has no income or money to repay a bank loan so the family is the only way to guarantee the payment.” READ MORE: Queen leaves Buckingham Palace for good It emerged last month that the Duke had reached an out-of-court settlement with his accuser, rumoured to be up to £12million. Ms Giuffre was suing the Queen's second son in her home country of the US, claiming she was trafficked by his friend Jeffrey Epstein to have sex with the royal when she was 17. Although the parties have settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. DON'T MISSSussexes image 'could not be further away' from Anne and Sophie's [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry and Prince Andrew still Counsellors of State: 'Bizarre!' [INSIGHT]Sarah Ferguson and Prince Andrew still live together in £30m home [PICTURES] In January, the Queen stripped Andrew of his remaining royal patronages and honorary military roles as the monarchy distanced itself from the Duke. Royal author Penny Junor previously said the Duke's settlement is likely to come as a "huge relief" to the rest of the Royal Family in the year the Queen celebrates her Platinum Jubilee. Ms Junor said: "Going to trial, it could have been very, very nasty. "It could have been embarrassing, humiliating, and it would have been huge fodder for the tabloid press. "It could have really taken the shine off the Queen's Platinum Jubilee year." Express.co.uk has contacted Clarence House for comment. 