Dr Michael Mosley often shares his weight loss tips with slimmers online as well as on television. He is the creator of The Fast 800 – a diet plan that helps people lose weight quickly. Dr Mosley has shared his best and easiest tips for weight loss – easy because they require slimmers to make only simple changes to their lifestyles. One important tip is to increase your intake of one food type, according to the nutrition expert. He explained: “It’s really important to have a decent amount of protein, which is 50 to 70 grams a day. “You can mainly get protein from meat or from fish, and you can also get it from legumes, but you have to eat rather more, which is why following the Fast 800 on a vegetarian diet is more challenging. READ MORE: Zara Tindall keeps toned figure by avoiding two foods - ‘I don’t diet' “We do have meal replacement shakes which are very rich in protein, and we’re also aiming to produce protein boosters, to help people who might otherwise struggle with it. “The reason for protein is you need it for your muscle. “You need it for all sorts of essential metabolic processes. “And, also, because when you consume it, it’s digested slower by your body so you don't get the same sort of peaks.” DON'T MISS: James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] Other foods that are high in protein include lean meats such as beef, lamb, and pork, poultry, dairy products such as milk, yoghurt, and cheese, as well as nuts, beans, and lentils. These include chickpeas, split peas, and tofu. Some grain and cereal-based products are also sources of protein, but these are generally not as high in protein as meat and meat-alternative products. As Dr Mosley mentioned, foods that are high in protein are digested slower by the body, which means they keep slimmers feeling fuller for longer, consequently leading to weight loss. Another tip Dr Mosley shared for dieters was to “eat earlier”. He said: “Broadly, I encourage people to try and have their evening meal earlier, say 7pm to 7.30pm. “Try and stop eating by 8pm and then not eat anything with calories after that. “The temptation is to eat cheese and biscuits late into the night. “Although the idea that cheese will give you nightmares is a complete and utter myth, it will obviously be sort of quite a lot of calories loaded on late at night. “And we know the fat and sugar you eat later at night, it just hangs around in your system for much, much longer because your body is just closed down for night. “Your digestive process will be closing down, and it really will not appreciate that late night snack.” However, Dr Mosley stressed that “the main thing is to try and restrict alcohol and caffeine late at night, because both are likely to keep you awake”. He added: “People do use alcohol as a way of getting to sleep, but the reality is it will lead to fragmented sleep and you'll wake up a lot more during the night, which is very clear. “A nice cup of chamomile tea or possibly a cup of ginger tea is probably a best bet at night time.”