Downing Street said that the Queen has approved the honour for the Tory MP, who oversaw the exams fiasco during the coronavirus pandemic.  A statement from No 10 read: "The Queen has been pleased to approve that the honour of Knighthood be conferred upon The Rt Hon Gavin Williamson CBE MP." It is understood the knighthood is being given to Mr Williamson on the basis of his political and public service. Mr Williamson was widely criticised for a series of errors as education secretary. The Prime Minister sacked him from that role in September and he was previously ditched as defence secretary following an inquiry into a leak from the National Security Council.  Asked why the knighthood was being announced now and not part of an honours list, No 10 said it was a political appointment by the Conservative Party. The announcement of Mr William's knighthood has sparked criticism. Broadcaster Piers Morgan tweeted: "For services to wrecking millions of kids’ education during the pandemic, Gavin Williamson is to be knighted. (I’m not joking…)." In a further tweet, the former Good Morning Britain host added: "I can’t handle ‘Sir’ Gavin Williamson. READ MORE: State Pension triple lock faces axe as UK boosts military spending  "It’s such a contemptible slap in the face to the British public who’ve suffered so badly from his woeful ineptitude, and makes an absolute mockery of our already deeply flawed ‘honours’ system. In fact, it may kill it off altogether." Labour's shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson said: "Gavin Williamson left children to go hungry, created two years of complete chaos over exams and failed to get laptops out to kids struggling to learn during lockdowns. "His record is astonishing and disgraceful. "This shows utter contempt for the challenges children and education staff have faced during the pandemic." DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Major new change for millions of EE customers from TODAY [LIVE BLOG]Fix it Boris! UK to import £2BILLION of Russia gas this year [INSIGHT]Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [ANALYSIS] Geoff Barton, general secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders union, said: "School and college leaders will be surprised to learn that Gavin Williamson has been given a knighthood. "The challenges of the pandemic and the implications for education would have been challenging for any education secretary, and this needs to be recognised.  "But the experience of schools and colleges of Mr Williamson during his tenure as education secretary was one of endless muddle, inevitable U-turns, and even threats of legal action to override local decisions. "This was not all Mr Williamson's fault. The hand of Downing Street was detectable amidst the chaos too. "However, many parents will share our surprise that his record in this role warrants the conferring of a knighthood." Liberal Democrat education spokeswoman Munira Wilson said: "The only award Gavin Williamson should be given is the one for worst education secretary in history. "People across the country will be outraged at this reward for his abysmal failures. "It is an insult to every child, parent and teacher who struggled through Covid against the odds. It shows this government only cares about those at the top."  