Phillip Schofield has spoken out after he and his co-host Holly Willoughby were replaced by a "best bits" episode today following an evacuation at Television Centre. This Morning and Loose Women were pulled off air due to a bomb scare, the Metropolitan Police have confirmed. Taking to Instagram, Phil proved he wasn’t too shaken up as he posted a beaming selfie and revealed he'd been allowed back into the building. “Back in my dressing room @thismorning after a security alert,” the 59-year-old wrote. “All ok and a thankfully a false alarm (sic)." Phil thanked his team at Television Centre and also the Met Police for being “amazing”.   He concluded his post: “I’ve been to the pub with everyone, now back to get my house keys!” The Metropolitan Police released a statement to explain a "suspicious item" had caused the panic. "At 11:14hrs on Thursday, 10 March, police were called to reports of a security alert at Wood Lane, White City," it read. "It was reported a suspicious item had been discovered.   "The area was evacuated as a precaution and White City and Wood Lane tube stations were temporarily closed. The incident was stood down shortly before 12:49hrs. An investigation is ongoing." Meanwhile, ITV took to its Twitter account to explain why the programming went down. "We apologise for the break in live programming today,” read the tweet. “We are currently running pre-recorded content and hope to be back with you soon.” DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE] Two stations near the studios, Wood Lane and White City, were also closed, with the TfL Twitter account explaining it was due to a “security alert”. Viewers had taken to Twitter to wonder what had happened, with some even sharing photos from outside Television Centre, where staff were gathered. Chris asked: “Anyone know what’s going on outside television centre Wood Lane? Trying to get there for a shoot and all roads are closed. Rozzers everywhere.” Robyn added: “@thismorning Erm… what happened? Was watching and looking forward to the gadget game and the show suddenly switched to a prerecorded set. Not even a comment in the ad break to explain”.  Sandra wondered: “@itvstudios please can you tell me what is going on, why are you showing pre recorded Loose Women and what happened to the end of This Morning." Meanwhile, Loose Women host Charlene White also addressed the situation on her Twitter page, admitting she was sad the episode was scrapped. "The whole @loosewomen team were really gutted we couldn’t do the show today!!" she wrote. "Especially since Jane’s back from holiday. We did however spend the time wisely, by treating ourselves to lunch up the road for a good ol’ chinwag."