Daniel Ricciardo has been assured his seat at McLaren is secure despite a disappointing first season with the British team. Ricciardo, 32, did enjoy a special weekend at Monza in 2021, leading teammate Lando Norris home as the pair recorded the team's one-two for the first time since 2010. It was the Australian's eighth Grand Prix win, and his first since leaving Red Bull in 2018. However, aside from his heroics in Italy, it was an underwhelming campaign for 'The Honey Badger', who finished eighth in the drivers' standings with 115 points. Indeed, he failed to notch a podium finish in any of the other 21 races, finishing fourth in Russian and Belgium - although the latter Grand Prix only saw half points awarded after just two safety-car led laps were possible. Younger partner Norris meanwhile, outperformed Ricciardo over the season, ending up sixth after racking up four podium finishes and 160 points. JUST IN: Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion And the Englishman has now pledged his long-term future to McLaren, signing a lucrative deal until the end of 2025. Mexican driver Pato O'Ward is also under contract, having come close to landing the championship for McLaren's IndyCar team last season. O'Ward, 22, has made no secret of his desire to make the switch into F1, but Brown has now moved to dispel the notion of him replacing Ricciardo prior to his contract running out at the end of 2024. "Right now, we don’t have a seat available,” Brown told Fox Sports. DON'T MISS:Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's controlToto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blameLewis Hamilton given taste of his own medicine by Max Verstappen claims old foe Rosberg “Lando is under a very long-term contract, so that seat is done. Daniel, we have another couple (of) years with him.” McLaren are expected to mount a stronger challenge this time around, with both Norris and Ricciardo expected to benefit from the new technical regulations, designed to make racing more competitive. And Ricciardo himself declared himself happy in his current set-up, and called for patience as the team bids to compete with Constructors' champions Mercedes and Red Bull. "Time isn’t really an issue, we have time. Not that we want it to take five years, but it’s there if we need it,” he said recently.  “I know Lando did the extension, but I have an option there and I feel quite strongly we are in this together. “And even through some of the lows last year I was still really enjoying this McLaren environment and the team, so it’s an environment I want to have success in and thrive in.” The opening race of the season takes place in Bahrain on Sunday, September 20.