Our House is ITV's next psychological thriller which will have viewers questioning everything. The four-part drama, which stars the likes of Line of Duty actor Martin Compston and Sense8's Tuppence Middleton, shows what happens when a homeowner returns home to find a new family has purchased it. But is it true another family has bought the property right under the couple's noses? Our House is based on the novel of the same name by author Louise Candlish which came out in 2018. The book was a Sunday Times bestseller and also won Book of the Year in the Crime and Thriller category at the British Book Awards the following year. So it's no wonder that ITV decided to pick up the book to adapt for a new gripping mini-series. The creators even kept an aspect of the book which they didn't initially intend on doing. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 Filming for Our House began in July 2021 and wrapped up before the end of the year. The show itself was shot around south London but many of the scenes were at Fiona (played by Tuppence Middleton) and Bram's (Martin Compston) home. According to producer Tom Mullens, it took some time before the creators were able to find the perfect location. "It was this time last year that we started our search on foot, lots of times, I got the steps up on my Fitbit, walking around London," he said. Mullens continued: "We searched all over London, north, south, east, west and funnily enough, we found a house in Dulwich overlooking Peckham Rye which in fact is not that far from where Louise [Candlish] had imagined the house when she wrote the book. "And I think we saw this house and all of us knew immediately that we had our perfect location. "Of course, it's about the architecture but it's an aspirational home but it also feels like a family home which is really important. "I guess there's always other elements you're looking at like the room dimensions, can you film in there, do you have the right sort of access but it was this magical double-fronted house which suited the show. "And, of course, after that, after we found the house, we could build our sets. "Most of the interior downstairs is a set but hopefully nobody can see those joins." DON'T MISS...Bargain Hunt sparks frenzy as new expert joins BBC antiques show  [REACTION]Vera's Jac Williams star opens up on Kenny Doughty 'faking' scene  [CAST]Coronation Street troublemaker Curtis Delamere returns in Emma exit? [THEORY] The drama delves into the story of estranged couple Fiona and Bram whose marital home is sold without their knowledge. Fiona discovers the new owners at their house and sees all of their worldly possessions gone with no explanation. Our House is described as “a tense, compelling thriller about the disintegration of a modern marriage and a property obsessed society gone awry. "Exploring every couple’s worst nightmare, that you can build a life, a marriage, a home and then one day it can all just be snatched away.” Our House makes its big debut on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV. The series will be shown over consecutive nights this week, so fans can watch the mystery unfold. The final episode of Our House will air on Thursday, March 10, on ITV. Our House premieres on Monday, March 7, at 9pm on ITV.