Recently, industry regulator Ofgem confirmed the energy price would hit nearly £2,000 in April 2022. This represents a £693 rise in the average household energy bill for those living in the UK. Polling carried out by Age UK has revealed that pensioners across the UK are getting more and more anxious about how they can afford to pay their bills in light of this hike. Some 62 percent of people aged 65 or over admitted they were worried about how they will heat their homes this year, which is the equivalent to 7.8 million pensioners. Prior to the announcement regarding the energy price cap, a similar survey found that 48 percent of pensioners had this concern. This shows how quickly the public mood is changing in regards to this issue. Over half of respondents (52 percent), the equivalent to 6.5 million older people, voiced their concern about their energy bills. In comparison, just 31 percent shared a similar worry in a poll carried out prior to Ofgem’s energy price cap confirmation.  READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim  Furthemore, 82 percent of those polled by Age UK said the Government should “step in” to assist financially vulnerable older people in paying their energy bills. The charity is one of the many organisations calling for the UK Government to do more in helping pensioners get back on their feet as bills skyrocket. One woman named Celia, who approached Age UK for support, said: “Like many elderly people, I'm rationing my heating and trying to think of more ways to keep my head above water financially. “With the cost of food and most other necessities going up almost daily, the future, especially over the colder months, looks very bleak indeed.”  Sandra added: “I am a 74 year old pensioner living on the state pension in a privately rented house. “If my energy bills increase as much as predicted, despite the help already given, I will not be able to heat my house, eat, feed my little dog, my only companion, and pay my bills without going into further debt as my savings have already been eaten away.” David, who is in the same age demographic, said: “I can barely afford the energy bills at the moment and have to keep cooking to a minimum in order to be able to heat my flat. “As it is, many times I have to turn the heating down to the point where it feels cold because I can't be sure I will have enough money to pay the bill. “All prices seem to rise faster than any increase in my pension and this latest threat of energy bills rising by up to 50 percent will take many things beyond what I can afford.” Caroline Abrahams, Age UK’s charity director, said: “The number of older people who are worried about being able to heat their homes is staggering and should be a source of shame for this Government. “Millions of older people across the UK are absolutely dreading the imminent price cap announcement and urgently need reassurance that help is on its way so they can keep their heating on. “This is a national crisis which needs a swift and decisive response from Ministers. Every single day we are hearing heart-breaking stories from desperate older people who are being forced to choose between heating and eating. “This isn’t a looming crisis, it’s already upon us – and while the Government is dithering, millions of older people are suffering and putting their health at risk because they can’t afford to keep warm. It is an absolute scandal and one that requires urgent government action. “Energy price rises on the scale we are now seeing are unprecedented and the Government's response must be equal to the threat they pose to older people, many of whom are vulnerable and struggling to afford exorbitant bills on a meagre state pension.” A Government spokesperson said: “We are committed to supporting vulnerable households with heating their homes, which is why we have announced a £9.1billion support package to help families dealing with rising energy costs. “Our winter fuel payments are supporting over 11 million pensioners with their energy bills and we are continuing to encourage those eligible for Pension Credit, and the wide range of other benefits available, to make a claim.”