Liverpool host West Ham United at Anfield on Saturday as they continue to apply pressure on Manchester City in the Premier League title race. However, it's likely to be a tricky test against David Moyes' top-four chasing side, with enforced changes from last weekend's Carabao Cup triumph guaranteed. Speaking to the media on Friday, Jurgen Klopp confirmed he could be missing up to five first-team players for the Hammers' visit. He said: "We have players who are not available. I'm pretty sure that nobody will tell me differently because yesterday he didn't train: Thiago will not be available. Joel Matip is ill, not Covid... [but] he will not be available. "Curtis [Jones], it's not bad, but if it's good enough to go again tomorrow - I don't know. Naby [Keita], we don't know. "Bobby [Firmino] is looking good but not good enough for the weekend. I think the plan is that he trains on Sunday, first time in full. It sounds then, like, [he's] do-able for Tuesday." JUST IN: Chelsea takeover candidate Loutfy Mansour makes statement Express Sport draws up Klopp's probable Liverpool team to take on West Ham at Anfield this weekend. Goalkeeper: Alisson Caoimhin Keller put on a stellar performance in last weekend's Carabao Cup final and was perhaps unfortunate not to keep his place in the FA Cup win over Norwich City in midweek. But Alisson returned for the 2-1 triumph at Anfield, and he'll almost certainly start again when West Ham visit. READ MORE: Man Utd told they have advantage over Arsenal because of three players Defence: Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Van Dijk, Robertson With Matip out through illness, Klopp will want to limit changes to his backline ahead of a tough challenge against one of the league's most in-form wingers, Jarrod Bowen. Trent Alexander-Arnold and Andrew Robertson will resume their roles at full-back, with Virgil van Dijk starting again in central defence. Ibrahima Konate started in midweek against Norwich and should keep his place, replacing Matip over Joe Gomez. Midfield: Fabinho, Henderson, Elliott Thiago was harshly ruled out of the Carabao Cup final with minutes to spare; Naby Keita replaced him in Klopp's midfield. Fabinho and Jordan Henderson should start again, with Harvey Elliott returning to the starting line-up after starting on the bench in midweek. Attack: Salah, Diaz, Mane Klopp made three changes to his attack against Norwich, and he's expected to make just as many for the West Ham game. Like in the Carabao Cup final, Mohamed Salah, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane could be his preferred attacking force. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.