James Garner wants to stay at Manchester United and believes that to be a realistic ambition given his fine form for Nottingham Forest in the Championship, according to reports. The 21-year-old was given his debut by Ole Gunnar Solskjaer back in 2019. And, this summer, he’s set to be given the chance to show what he’s capable of doing. Manchester United continue to use their academy, despite the club struggling to compete for the major trophies ever since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement nine years ago. Solskjaer gave Garner his debut back in 2019, in a Premier League fixture against Crystal Palace. And, since then, he’s been loaned out to Watford and Forest - spending the last 18 months with the Championship side after his time at Vicarage Road failed to live up to expectations. Garner enhanced his reputation in the FA Cup on Sunday, shining in his side’s narrow 1-0 FA Cup defeat to Liverpool at The City Ground. Now, The Athletic say the 21-year-old wants to stay at United next season after developing well with the Championship outfit over the course of the past year-and-a-half. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz It’s stated that United may lose up to four players this summer as they look to overhaul their midfield following a difficult campaign under both Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. Paul Pogba is looking increasingly likely to leave on a free transfer, with the France international linked with the likes of Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona, Juventus and Real Madrid in recent months. Juan Mata’s contract expires in the summer and, having barely played, may choose to embark on a new challenge elsewhere. Donny van de Beek’s future is far from straightforward, either, with the Netherlands international flopping at United prior to joining Everton on loan. With the Toffees going from bad to worse since the sacking of Rafa Benitez and appointment of Frank Lampard, it’s feasible he’ll be shown the door. And with Nemanja Matic having just a year left on his contract, and previously being linked with Roma, the Serbia international may be cut loose. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Regarding United’s other loan stars, it’ll be fascinating to see what unfolds. Amad has endured a troublesome time at Rangers, despite the Ivory Coast international initially experiencing a bright start to his Ibrox career. And with Jadon Sancho flying, and Marcus Rashford likely to stay, it’s possible he’ll be loaned out again. Brandon Williams could stay in United’s first-team next term having done well at Norwich City this term. Likewise Ethan Laird, especially with the likes of Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Diogo Dalot often struggling for consistency. However, several may leave. Andreas Pereira isn’t expected to return, having previously toiled under Solskjaer, Jose Mourinho and Louis van Gaal. Facundo Pellistri hasn’t set the world alight at Deportivo Alaves, meaning it’s hard to see a future for him at Old Trafford. And Tahith Chong is expected to leave, despite once being seen as the club’s future on the left wing during his days in the academy. Speaking after Garner’s bright performance against Liverpool, meanwhile, Roy Keane hailed the youngster for his display. He told ITV: “He’s got a good partnership with Yates going in the middle of midfield. “I think they complement each other very well. “He’s very good technically and he likes to dictate the play, sit a little bit more than Yates. “Tough game for him today, but this game is good for those young players to experience playing top teams like Liverpool. It’s a great way to learn.” In April 2020, United star Fred lauded Garner as well. “What impresses me most is James Garner,” he said. "Not because he is in the same position as me, but he is a player who has an impressive vision of the game, has a huge future for United. "In addition to the impressive game vision, he always plays with his head up, has an impressive shot, an incredible pass. He is a player that I admire a lot."