The Department for Work and Pensions gives eligible claimants either £240 or £358.40 every four weeks, which could be vital as the cost of living continues to rise. The state pension is a regular payment provided each month to Britons when they reach state pension age - which is currently 66. The state pension provides essential financial support for over 12.4 million older people across the UK, however many people are unaware they can also claim Attendance Allowance payments, worth up to £358.40 every four weeks. Attendance Allowance is a benefit which helps individuals with daily living expenses. It helps with extra costs if people have a physical or mental disability, or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. As the nation braces for rocketing energy bills, rising inflation and higher living costs, now is the ideal time for older people to make sure they are claiming all the financial support they are entitled to. Currently, residents in the UK are eligible for the state pension once they turn 66 and need at least 35 years of National Insurance contributions to receive the full amount. READ MORE: 'Knocked back from every angle' PIP claimant fears Warm Home Discount eligibility change People should apply for Attendance Allowance if they need help or supervision throughout the day or at times during the night - even if they don’t currently get that help. This might include: Attendance Allowance isn’t just for people with a physical disability or illness. Attendance Allowance’s lower rate is £60 a week and is given if the claimant needs “frequent help or constant supervision during the day, or supervision at night”, according to the DWP. The DWP benefit payment’s weekly higher rate of £89.60 is given to those who need “help or supervision throughout both day and night, or you’re terminally ill”. A payment is made every four weeks and works out at £240 and £358.40 per pay period respectively. People can spend the money however they chose and can use the cash boost to stay independent for longer. This might include: Claiming Attendance Allowance won't affect any state pension payments and people can even claim it if they are still working and earning money Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and Britons will be exempt from the benefit cap so won't have money taken away from any other benefits. The other benefits one gets might increase if they get Attendance Allowance. These include: To apply for this means of support, older Britons should print out the Attendance Allowance claim form which can be found on the gov.uk website. The completed form must be sent to Freepost DWP Attendance Allowance for the application to be processed.