Ian Wright has called on Mikel Arteta’s side to perform an off-pitch gesture and watch the women’s team play after several members of the side were seen watching the men against Liverpool on Wednesday. Jordan Nobbs, Katie McCabe and Steph Catley were all watching on from the stands at the Emirates as Liverpool edged past the Gunners 2-0. After a tight first half, Diogo Jota opened the scoring for Jurgen Klopp’s in the 54th minute when the Portugal international beat Aaron Ramsdale with a drilled shot at the goalkeeper’s near post. Roberto Firmino doubled Liverpool’s lead eight minutes later when the Brazilian forward clever poked home from close range from Andrew Robertson’s cross. And after the game on Wednesday, Arsenal icon Wright took to social media to urge Arteta’s men’s side to perform the same gesture. Wright quote tweeted a thread tweet from @miedemastuff which reads: “Jordan Nobbs, Katie McCabe and Steph Catley are at the Emirates supporting the men’s team. #ARSLIV,” by tweeting: “Listen, we better turn up for the women. Get your tickets for next Saturday @ArsenalWFC #NLD.” The Arsenal legend also provided a link to which fans can click to purchase their tickets for the contest. JUST IN: Jamie Carragher claims Arsenal's top four chances depend on two players Wright was referring to the Arsenal women’s north London derby clash with Tottenham Hotspur women on March 26 at the Emirates. The 58-year-old later replied to his own tweet by saying: “And next Wednesday vs Wolfsburg. OPTIONS!!!” Arsenal women are currently top of the Women’s Super League with 40 points from 17 games and are two ahead of reigning champions Chelsea – who have played a game less. Jonas Eidevall’s are also preparing for their UEFA Women’s Champions League quarter-final clash with Wolfsburg after coming second in group C behind Barcelona. DON'T MISS: Arsenal 'make £5m proposal' to sign Barcelona star but Man Utd's offer is higher Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta makes feelings known on PSG job as he addresses Emirates future Four stars who Arsenal could sell this summer as Mikel Arteta launches title attempt Next up for Eidevall’s side will be Coventry United in the FA Women’s Cup at Meadow Park on Friday. The Gunners' mens team remain in fourth in the Premier League behind Chelsea and are still in pole position for a Champions League place. Arsenal still have two games in hand over fifth placed Manchester United and West Ham in sixth, and have played one fewer than rivals Tottenham in seventh. Arteta’s side will now switch their focus to their contest against Steven Gerrard’s Aston Villa at Villa Park on Saturday in the game before the international break. The Gunners will be looking to return to winning ways once more after having previously won five straight games on the bounce.