The ATP chairman has given an update into the investigation of domestic abuse claims against Alexander Zverev. His ex-girlfriend Olga ‘Olya’ Sharypova detailed allegations of abuse she suffered at the hands of the world No 3 in a 2020 interview, elaborating in another interview a year later. Zverev has continued to deny the allegations and has welcomed the investigation. The ATP confirmed in October they would investigate domestic abuse allegations made against Zverev. Sharypova first accused the German of abusing her physically and emotionally during their year-long relationship at the end of 2020, detailing incidents from the US Open and Laver Cup in 2019 in an interview with Ben Rothenberg in Racquet. She later gave a follow-up interview with the same journalist, published on Slate in August 2021, alleging further incidents including at the 2019 Shanghai Masters which she dubbed the “most violent” attack at the hands of the 24-year-old. The Slate interview is no longer online after Zverev’s lawyers filed for an injunction, with the webpage saying: “This article has been temporarily removed due to an emergency injunction that was issued by a German court and obtained before Slate could appear and present evidence. Slate is now contesting that injunction and stands by its fair and accurate reporting based on multiple sources and interviews.” JUST IN: Barty to take time away from tennis as world No 1 makes announcement  Zverev has not been charged and continues to deny all allegations, saying in a statement in August: “I categorically and unequivocally deny having abused Olya. I also fully support the creation of an ATP domestic violence policy. I will not address this matter any further.” On October 4, the ATP announced it would be investigating the claims of what took place during the Shanghai Masters, with chief executive Massimo Calvelli saying: “The allegations raised against Alexander Zverev are serious and we have a responsibility to address them. We hope our investigation will allow us to establish the facts and determine appropriate follow-up action. "We understand Zverev welcomes our investigation and acknowledge that he has denied all allegations.” But there have been little updates into the investigation since, with the ATP slammed as Sharypova confirming as early as last month that she had still not yet been contacted by anyone in relation to the probe. DON’T MISSDjokovic set to play French Open as country announces vaccine changeRoger Federer's coach gives heartbreaking Wimbledon updateEx-Djokovic coach breaks silence and admits decision he disagreed with  ATP chairman Andrea Gaudenzi has now offered a rare update into the process, saying an independent third party had been brought in to help with the process. "The investigation is still ongoing. We have brought in an independent third party with expertise in this area to assist us in the investigation process,” he told Spox. “I cannot comment on the details of the investigation as of now, but I can say that we will provide more information when the investigation is complete.” The former world No 18-turned-ATP boss also admitted the investigation had been new territory for the men’s tour, while offering an update on the general safeguarding review the ATP undertook in August of last year, prior to the announcement of the investigation. “I can also say that this is all new territory for us as an organisation. It has shown us the areas where we need to improve and do more in the future,” he continued. “I'm glad that last year we did a very detailed review together with an external expert, as far as the issues of safety and protective measures are concerned. “As a result, we got a set of recommendations to ensure that all children and adults involved in professional tennis are safe and protected against abuse. Building on those recommendations will be big focus for us in the months and years ahead.” As well as the investigation into Sharypova’s abuse claims, Zverev is currently being investigated over a recent on-court outburst. The world No 3 was withdrawn from last week’s Mexico Open, where he was the defending singles champion, when he smashed the umpire’s chair with his racket at the conclusion of a doubles match defeat. He could face a suspension of between 21 days and a year, and huge fines on top of the initial £30,000 penalty he was slapped with while the tournament was still ongoing.