Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has revealed that Thiago Alcantara will potentially miss the Reds’ next three matches with the hamstring injury that saw him pull out of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final. The midfielder was due to start against Chelsea but withdrew around 15 minutes before kick-off. But he was pictured far happier after the game as Liverpool paraded around with their first domestic cup in a decade. The Spaniard went MRI scan on the hamstring injury on Monday to discover the severity of the problem. And now, Klopp has provided an update on the player’s fitness. JUST IN: Donny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at Everton They are this week’s FA Cup clash with Norwich City, the Premier League fixture with West Ham, and the Champions League last-16 second-leg tie against Inter Milan. The latest he should be back is for the trip to Brighton on Saturday March 12. On Monday, a fan had given a positive update on the former Bayern Munich and Barcelona star’s fitness. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Alongside the snap, he said: “He (Thiago) told me he was OK.” Pressed by other fans on the validity of the picture, the supporter continued: “It was this morning in Greenbank Park opposite the Spire Hospital where they get scans done. “We had a quick hello (he was very polite to a giddy 53-year-old bloke) and did say he was ‘ok’ but I wouldn't take that as an official fitness update.” DON'T MISS...Tottenham flop Bryan Gil lifts lid on reasons for disappointing spellDonny van de Beek explains view on proving Man Utd ‘wrong’ at EvertonJoao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumours It was only last week that Klopp revealed Liverpool were working harder to improve Thiago's fitness. “He’s a very, very good player. We were never in doubt about that. His skillset is insane but it’s all about staying fit and that’s what we are working on together,” Klopp said after Liverpool thumped Leeds 6-0. “I think last season in the last eight or nine games I think he played pretty consistently all the games if I’m right? Which as I remember, it was a pretty good spell as well. I think we all agree – Thiago agrees – that there were moments when he struggled injury-wise. “That’s how it is. Then coming back, even with his quality, you cannot get rhythm all the time immediately. “You get rhythm but not immediately always and that’s very helpful if you can stay fit for a longer period.