Olivia Frazer was one of the singletons who signed up for season nine of Married at First Sight Australia, in the hope of finding 'the one'. Her romance with husband Jackson Leonie quickly tugged at the heartstrings of viewers but she's also not been afraid to speak her mind when it comes to some of her fellow contestants. So it's no wonder that fans are eager to know what happened to the 27-year-old after the reality show. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.Olivia's romance with plumber Jackson Leonie was initially a major highlight of Married at First Sight Australia season nine. She confessed she had issues with her self-image but he said he was adamant he wanted to "fix" how she saw herself. Their relationship has mostly gone from strength to strength throughout the season but there have been some glitches. These have been caused by rows Olivia has had with fellow contestants but mainly with Domenica Calarco. READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith Olivia and Domenica have rarely seen eye-to-eye in the process as conflicting personalities, criticising each other's relationships. One of their rows even ended with Domenica smashing a glass during a dinner party with the rest of the cast. However, the most controversial move came from Olivia when she discovered a naked photo of Domenica via her now-deleted OnlyFans account, and shared it with her fellow contestants. This led to an almighty bust-up and the Married at First Sight Australia experts condemning Olivia for her actions. Olivia is still living in the Central Coast where Melbourne-based Jaskson has now reportedly relocated to just a few weeks after filming the show's reunion earlier this year. They have also been spotted out on dates on several occasions so it seems their relationship is going well following the end of Married at First Sight Australia. But she has since opened up on the impact the reality show has had on her life, due to the reaction from fans after leaking that naked photo of Domenica. Olivia has received online abuse and revealed she lost her previous job as a teaching assistant as a result of her actions on the show. DON'T MISS...GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is [REACTION]Domenica MAFS Australia: Have Domenica Calarco and Jack Millar split? [EXPLAINER]Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? [CAST] A petition was even launched by viewers for legal action to be taken against Olivia for what she did. Speaking on Australia's radio show 2Day’s Hughesy, Ed & Erin, Olivia explained: “I’ve already lost my job as a direct result of this show. “I don’t as I’ve got some beautiful girlfriends from it…and I don’t, as I’ve got Jackson. “I don’t know if I’ll ever go back online in a social media way. I’m a shell of a person, honestly. “Thank God for Jackson, as I would not have survived this without him, and my mum and brother. It’s been hell.” Married at First Sight Australia season nine will soon be wrapping up in the UK. The series is made up of 30 episodes in total with the show coming to an end Down Under. As long as there are no schedule shake-ups, the finale will air on Tuesday, April 12, on E4. Married at First Sight Australia is available to watch on Channel Nine in Australia and E4 in the UK.