The Prince of Wales, 73, has long been reported to have plans of slimming down the Royal Family when he becomes King. However, after Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down from duties, and Prince Andrew was removed from public life, experts said Charles’ plan is “doubtful”. Historian Sarah Gristwood, author of Elizabeth: Queen and Crown, said because of Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall’s, 74, ages, there needs to be a “long-term” plan for the monarchy. She said “because of the ages of all the participants, there must be a feeling that long-term, the future of the British monarchy is more about William and Kate — spiritually, not in terms of actual succession”. With the departure of Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, from the working family, and the discrediting of Prince Andrew, Ms Gristwood said “senior royals are a bit thin on the ground at the moment”. The historian added: “Britain is never going to drop all its pomp and ceremony, and it was eventually going to be slimmer and economical.” Ms Gristwood added to People magazine: “But it's doubtful even Prince Charles wanted it to lose weight so rapidly.” Analyst Jonathan Sacerdoti also told the Mirror the monarchy will become “very modern” under Charles. He said: “I think when Charles takes to the throne we will see the emphasis put on those who command absolute respect. “The demands of responsibility and certain behaviours that are needed will be at the forefront - simply, you must be totally reliable. “It is well known that Charles wants to stamp his mark and in modern times, don't be surprised to see changes made. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Queen urged to strip Prince Harry of major role “It will be a very handy way to respond to the recent controversies, such as Prince Andrew, as well as Prince Harry's attacks on the family. “The core will be there, and Prince George will join in time - I think that is clear. “But it’s always been speculated that Charles, when he eventually takes over, will want to slim down the working royals at the heart of the family. “It will be about commanding respect. I think he is looking forward to being King.”  Meanwhile, royal expert Camilla Tominey told The Telegraph’s Royal Insight podcast: “There's a sense that he wants a slimmed down monarchy to make sure that everybody is doing their bit and [there are] no so-called hangers-on. “It does make the future of the monarchy kind of uncertain. “We’ve had this model that the Queen has been at the head of for all of this time, because she’s obviously been on the throne for nearly seven decades. “That means by association that you’re going to have fewer royals taking on fewer patronages, and then what does that mean for the charities?” It comes as Charles and Camilla visit County Waterford at the start of a visit to the Republic of Ireland. The official visit started in Waterford city centre with a greeting at Reginald's Tower and a Viking re-enactment near a replica longboat. Charles and Camilla also met Ukrainians living in the county. Speaking at a reception hosted by the city's mayor, the Prince began his speech in Irish. He went on to describe the Russian invasion as brutal aggression and praised the Irish government's response to the crisis. Charles said: “Such times as we are living through bring into sharp relief the importance of peace and friendship, which history tells us we can too easily take for granted. “It is yet another demonstration of how our two countries are not just neighbours, but partners who, though at times we have travelled a troubled road together, have through reconciliation and understanding forged a future that has benefitted both our peoples and the world.”