The UK Government announced a £3 billion council tax rebate scheme last month to help families across the UK with the increasing cost of living pressures. The scheme offers those who reside in council tax bands A-D, including those in rented properties, a non-repayable rebate of £150. Around 20 million households - including 95 percent of rented properties - are said to benefit from the rebate. The council tax rebate is part of a £9.1 billion Government support package to help families with rising energy costs, which from October, will include a further reduction of £200 on energy bills for domestic electricity customers. Secretary of state for Levelling Up Michael Gove said: “As we emerge from the pandemic, we understand the pressures facing many families as global inflation levels increase. “The support we have introduced will help millions of people, particularly those on the lowest incomes and the most vulnerable. READ MORE: Britons’ FURY at Rishi Sunak’s energy bill rebate: 'Another scam!'   “We continue to stand behind the British people and I urge everyone who is eligible to claim this rebate to do so.” The Government has said an extra £144 million will be given to councils to provide discretionary support to vulnerable households who may not qualify for the £150 council tax rebate. This includes people on low incomes in council tax bands E to H. All council tax rebate grants are due to be paid from April 1, 2022, onwards.  Those who pay council tax by direct debit will see the cash go directly into their bank accounts, and those who do not pay by direct debit will have to make a claim to the council. Councils have been instructed to use the discretionary fund to offer carefully targeted ‘top-up’ payments to the most vulnerable households in bands A to D. Once determined and approved, councils will publish their agreed guidelines setting out the eligibility criteria for their discretionary fund, of which they will then distribute the £144 million fund. The discretionary support fund should be entirely allocated by November 30, 2022.  DON'T MISS: Britons paying over £4,000 council tax in some parts of the country [INSIGHT]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible to pay less? [EXPLAINED]Tax calculator: Everything YOU need to know as cost of living soars [ANALYSIS]    All households in England are placed by the Valuation Office Agency into one of eight council tax bands, ranging from band A to H. The banding is based on the value of your home at 1 April 1991. The banding is used to determine how much council tax you should pay every month, and contributes to the services provided by the council. This covers schools, roads, libraries, support for vulnerable children and adults, and rubbish collections, as well as the police, fire services and other local services. 