Barclays has worked with the Metropolitan Police in the past to produce the Little Book of Big Scams. The bank and the force have shared instances where people have been sadly conned in sophisticated scams. Britons should keep an eye out for these instances to avoid being targeted and losing out on hard-earned cash. One victim sadly lost £3,000 which could not be recovered after attempting to make what seemed like a straightforward transaction. Like many people, the individual was trying to book a holiday via the internet, and was keen to stay in a villa. He had contacted a reputable website via email and was in the process of confirming his booking. READ MORE: State pension: What will you get in retirement? However, he then received an email which purported to be from another member of staff at the holiday company. The email said he would receive a discount if he paid for the villa directly to its owner. Keen to knock some of the price off his holiday, the victim paid for the accommodation directly into a bank account provided by the email. Barclays explained: “The victim became concerned when he did not receive a confirmation form the holiday company. DON'T MISS‘It’s un-British!’ Pensioner, 75, furious as state pension sum frozen [VIDEO]State pension fury as women live on £26 per day [LATEST]Barclays issues warning as woman, 50, loses £40,000 in vicious scam [UPDATE] “He contacted them via the telephone number on their website. “He was then informed the company had no record of his booking and their systems stated he had emailed the company to say he was not interested in any of their properties.” The scam then began to unravel, and it was found the man’s email had been hacked by unscrupulous fraudsters. They had established he was looking to rent a holiday property, and immediately swooped in to take advantage. The suspect had sent emails to the victim from a similar email address to that of the holiday company, persuading him to pay funds into a fraudulently opened bank account. But sadly, the victim was unable to reclaim the funds he had paid over to the con-artist. This was because he had made a direct bank to bank transfer. Barclays added: “Police were unable to locate any suspects as unregistered computers were used by the suspect and the person opening the fraudulent bank account could not be identified.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The bank has stressed that “money matters” and as such, individuals should never send funds to someone they do not know. Britons should generally be suspicious and remember that if an offer sounds too good to be true, then it probably is. Scammers are often organised and capable individuals, so it is important to take one’s time to think before acting. Individuals who believe they may have fallen victim to a scam should report it to Action Fraud and their bank as soon as possible.