Law and Order SVU (Special Victims Unit) season 23 is back, picking up from where it left off in January. The show took a break from the small screen on NBC due to coverage of the Winter Olympics in Beijing but now the games are over, the legal drama has returned, much to fans' delight. However, there was some sad news over the weekend as former Law and Order SVU star Ned Eisenberg died. Actor Ned Eisenberg was a famous face on stage as well as the big and small screens during his career which spanned more than four decades. However, one of his most memorable roles was a long-running recurring star of Law and Order SVU as attorney Roger Kressler. He was in the legal series on and off for 20 years, having made his last appearance in 2019. Eisenberg died of cancer on Sunday, February 27 at his New York home at the age of 65. READ MORE: Vine guest sparks uproar with claim Russia wouldn't invade with Trump A statement was released by his agents at Nicolosi & Co. on behalf of Eisenberg's wife Patricia Dunnock and their family. It read: “As Ned would say, he was attacked by two very rare assassins — cholangiocarcinoma and ocular melanoma. "Over the course of two years, he bravely fought the cancers in private while continuing to work in show business to ensure that his medical coverage paid for himself and his family.” His former co-star Christopher Meloni has now paid tribute to the beloved actor. Meloni originally rose to fame as Detective Elliot Stabler, alongside Mariska Hargitay as Detective Olivia Benson. They were a duo until Meloni decided to leave ahead of the season 13 premiere but has since returned to the franchise with new spin-off Law and Order Organized Crime. Taking to Twitter, Meloni posted: “I started with Ned in 1990 on The Fanelli Boys. "Great actor. A singular voice. Always ready with a smile and a laugh. A beautiful gentle human being." DON'T MISS...Colonel explains why Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is failing [EXPLAINER]Law and Order’s Detective Kevin Bernard star shares return reason  [UPDATE]Ned Eisenberg dead: Law and Order star dies aged 65  [CAST] Other celebrities have since come out with their own tributes to Eisenberg. Northern Exposure star Rob Marrow wrote: "Aww, our dear sweet friend #NedEisenberg has passed on. Loved him so. "He was crucial in forming #NakedAngels a super talented actor and writer. He will be deeply missed. RIP brother…" Law and Order actress Jenna Stern tweeted: "So very sad to hear this news. #NedEisenberg A lovely man, extraordinary actor and the kindest human. "Love and prayers to his family. You will be so very missed." While actress Jennifer Tilly added: "Always in good spirits, no matter how difficult the filming conditions were. He kept us laughing." Eisenberg became known for his role in Law and Order SVU but he made various other TV appearances as well. These included Mare of Easttown, The Big C, New Amsterdam, The Blacklist, Rescue Me, The Sopranos and Bull. Film fans may also remember him for starring in Clint Eastwood's Million Dollar Baby in 2004 as Sally Mendoza and Joe Rosenthal in Flags of Our Fathers in 2006. Law and Order SVU season 23 continues every Thursday on NBC in America. A UK release date hasn't yet been announced.