According to new figures, the price of an average British home is now a fifth higher in value than when the Covid pandemic began two years ago. The near-relentless rise in home evaluations has come despite the economic damage from the pandemic, which caused a deep slump in activity. According to Nationwide prices rose by 14.3 percent in the year to March, the strongest rate of growth since November 2004. That period was characterised by the UK experiencing a housing boom which preceded the financial crisis. Compared with February, annual house price growth was ranked at 12.6 percent. During March the price of an average UK home hit £265,312, more than £33,000 higher than 12 months earlier.  READ MORE: Woman and dog mauled by 'Staffy' at popular beauty spot Wales remained the strongest performing region in the first three months of this year, while London was scored as the weakest. Elsewhere, detached properties have increased by nearly £68,000 since the onset of the pandemic, with average flat prices up £24,000. In comparison, average flat prices have increased by £24,000, or 14 percent. At present, the housing market is in favour of sellers with an imbalance between high buyer demand and low levels of supply.  While selling now carries the benefit of a high return on your property it does also mean you’ll be thrown into a fiercely competitive housing market. However, estate agents have reported those who have a buyer lined up, subject to contract, are in a much stronger position than individuals who have yet to sell. In fact, these ‘power buyers’ are more likely to get the property that they want and negotiate the best deal on price. Commenting on this month’s results, Robert Gardner, Nationwide's Chief Economist said: “The housing market has retained a surprising amount of momentum given the mounting pressure on household budgets and the steady rise in borrowing costs.  DON'T MISS: Tragedy as tiny baby dies after dad finds her on living room floor [NEWS]Brits face £2,000 council tax hit - 'Sick to the back teeth!' [EXPLAINED]Royal Family LIVE: William & Kate 'overwhelmed by remorse' after tour [LIVE] “The number of mortgages approved for house purchase remained high in February at around 71,000, nearly 10 percent above pre-pandemic levels. “A combination of robust demand and limited stock of homes on the market has kept upward pressure on prices.” The continued buoyancy of housing demand may in part be explained by strong labour market conditions, Mr Gardner said, with unemployment levels low and wages relatively high. He added: “Nevertheless, we still think that the housing market is likely to slow in the quarters ahead.  “The squeeze on household incomes is set to intensify, with inflation expected to rise further, perhaps reaching double digits in the quarters ahead if global energy prices remain high.” Nationwide estimated that reduced spending has meant households were on average able to save £190bn more than would have been expected before the pandemic - £6,500 a household, albeit unevenly spread. Despite a downturn in activity, the housing market has been supported by Government wage support schemes and savings during lockdowns. The decision by ministers to intervene with stamp duty cuts has also subsidised the housing industry and helped to keep prices rising as soon as the market unfroze. 