Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes have been backed to compete with Red Bull and Ferrari at this weekend's Saudi Arabian Grand Prix. Mercedes were written off by many pundits and experts ahead for the opening race of the season in Bahrain last weekend. Hamilton earned a third-placed finish, only due to Red Bull duo Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez crashing out late on. Mercedes struggled with porpoising in Bahrain, which affected speed for the German manufacturer. But former British driver and Sky Sports pundit Johnny Herbert reckons the track in Saudi Arabia will suit Mercedes much better. Ferrari's Charles Leclerc won last weekend, with Sergio Perez second in a fine start to the year for the Italian team. But Herbert has warned Ferrari that Mercedes will be competing this weekend and says there is a good chance they will get their speed back. He told Sky Sports News: "This circuit, high grip, but very very smooth.  "That is something that should play into the hands of Mercedes because the bumps that we had in Bahrain were setting off that porpoising issue that they've got. That is where they had to sort of run the car a little bit, have maybe higher ride heights, then they lose grip. "Here they can run it probably as low as they wanted to and then maybe that will bring that speed back into the Mercedes. But again, we need to see what the Ferrari and Red Bull do in very, very similar conditions. "Yes they absorbed the bumps in Bahrain, as I said it's very different with hardly any bumps here, high speed as well. So it's going to be fascinating to see if they can actually take it to the Ferrari and the Red Bull. I think there's a good chance they can."  Herbert believes this weekend's race will start to give an indication of which is the quickest car on the grind. He added: "We're really going to see how it swings around at the different types of tracks that we go to. "This one I think is going to be a proper test for all of them but I think it gives us a good chance to see, maybe, who has got the best chassis as things develop down the line." 