Mohamed Salah's future at Liverpool has taken another interesting twist after his agent Ramy Abbas Issa posted a cryptic tweet just an hour after Jurgen Klopp had told a press conference that the club had done all they could to convince him to stay.  Salah's contract has been a hot topic for the last few months, with the on-fire Egyptian winger set to leave the club if his contract isn't renewed by the time it expires in July 2023. The 29-year-old has been sensational since his move from Roma in 2017, scoring 152 goals in just 237 appearances for the Reds. His 27 in 34 this season has given Liverpool hope of a quadruple, having won the Carabao Cup last month amidst their continued hunt for the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup. Liverpool have been in talks with Salah for months but the player is yet to either agree or reject a new contract.  Klopp admitted the club are keen for Salah to remain at the club but the situation remains unclear at the moment. "Mo definitely expects this club to be ambitious," Klopp said in a press conference on Friday. "We have been and we are. Does the signing of Luis Diaz help? I don't think it's about that.  "It is Mo's decision. The club did what it could do. It is all fine." However, Issa responded cryptically on his Twitter just an hour later with a tweet showing a spate of laughing emojis. The timing of the tweet is sure to leave Liverpool fans guessing over their star attacker's future, with many unsure on whether he will sign again. It is not the first time that Salah's agent has caused a stir with his cryptic posts on social media. Back in August, he sent a message to the Liverpool board amid Salah's contract stand-off by tweeting: "I hope they're watching," after the forward had starred in a win over Norwich. Issa also posted a single full stop moments after Klopp had subbed Salah off in a game against Chelsea last year.  Salah was tipped for the Ballon d'Or earlier this year after his superb form for club and country. And with his 19 Premier League goals absolutely dwarfing the next-best of 12, he is a huge asset that the club will be desperate to keep hold of. Liverpool take on Brighton on Saturday in a bid to keep the pressure on Manchester City in the Premier League title race. They could move to within three points of Pep Guardiola's men with a win on the south coast. 