Many people looking to lose weight want to target belly fat. To shed weight from your midriff, it is important to understand how it got there in the first place. Belly fat is caused by several things; poor diet, lack of sleep, sedentary lifestyle, excessive alcohol consumption, and stress. As for how to reduce the amount of fat that is stored across your mid-section, no amount of sit-ups will make it magically disappear. There aren’t any safe, healthy and “quick fixes”. However, there are several natural ways in which you can get rid of belly fat. Weight gain and weight loss vary from body to body; people put fat on in some areas that others don’t and it’s the same when it comes to losing fat. Therefore, it is best to focus on overall fat loss. To do this, changes need to be made to diet as well as adding more movement into your lifestyle. With a consistently healthy lifestyle programme and a little patience, belly fat can be reduced. READ MORE: Menopause: Nutritionist on how to lose weight - not diet or exercise Hormones play a significant role in developing extra belly fat. As you grow older, changes occur to the body - especially for women who reach their mid-40s and approach the peri-menopausal stage. According to studies, during menopause, estrogen (a sex hormone responsible for regulating the female reproductive system) levels drop. It can be a cause of unfavourable belly fat accumulation. It is best to make healthy changes now rather than wait until later in life to lose weight as it is trickier. DON'T MISS...Prince William stands with hands on hips in Caribbean for key reason [BODY LANGUAGE]London house prices overvalued by 50% - homeowners warned [NEWS]Star signs: Zodiac expert shares each star signs luckiest colours [EXPERT] While some people lose weight when they are stressed, the majority make bad food choices which result in weight gain. To lose belly fat, get enough sleep, manage stress, and allow time for recovery is crucial. Cortisol is a hormone produced by the body to deal with short-term stress. High levels of cortisol in the body over a long period can cause weight gain and other health problems. The only way to regulate the amount of cortisol is to manage stress by getting seven to eight hours of sleep, practising breathing exercises and meditation, getting a massage, and exercising. Alongside eating more than the recommended calorie intake per day, studies have shown excessive sugar can cause belly fat. Try to focus on healthy food regularly - such as vegetables, fruits, whole grains, seafood, lean meat, chicken (without the skin), seeds, and nuts. A high-protein diet is also suggested for anyone looking to lose weight. Protein helps you feel fuller for longer and is necessary for muscle repair. Alongside a healthy diet, exercising can contribute to losing body fat effectively. But consistent workouts are needed. It is also important to get a good balance of cardio and strength training throughout the week. Cardio contributes towards a healthy heart, while strength training can build muscle, which can help boost metabolism and burn calories, as well as improve overall strength and reshape the body, Full-body workouts are also great for those who are time-poor but are looking to lose weight. Full-body exercises, especially involving lower-body moves like squats and lunges, can raise your heart rate faster. A higher heart rate within your recommended range means higher calorie burn. It is easier to burn more calories by doing compound moves.