The former US President has urged the Russian leader to release financial information surrounding Joe Biden's family during an interview with an American TV Network. Donald Trump admitted Putin was "not exactly a fan of our country" but went on to ask the Russian leader to provide answers to the question of donations from the Mayor of Moscow's wife to the Bidens. Mr Trump told Real America's Voice: "One thing while I'm on your show, as long as Putin now is not exactly a fan of our country let him explain...why did the mayor of Moscow his wife, give the Biden's both of them Three and a half million dollars? That's a lot of money, she gave him three and a half million dollars. "So now I would think Putin would know the answer to that. "I think he should release it, I think we should know that answer." He continued: "Now, you will get the answer from Ukraine. But why are they giving somebody who knows nothing about energy $187,000 a month plus a $3 million upfront payment I won't even talk about China because they haven't gotten into Taiwan yet that'll be next. "But why did the Mayor of Moscow his wife give the Biden family three and a half million dollars? Nobody was asked the question. Mr Trump continued: "But why is it that the Mayor of Moscow his wife gave the Biden family three and a half million US? "I think Putin now would be willing to probably give that in so I'm sure he knows something." Relations between Russia and the US have reached record lows over Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Russia calls its assault a "special operation" to disarm and "denazify" Ukraine. The West says it launched an unprovoked invasion. The largest attack on a European nation since World War Two has killed or injured thousands, forced nearly 4 million to flee abroad, and pummeled Russia's economy with sanctions. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle in podcast takeover as Harry cut out of project [INSIGHT]Prince Harry on the spot as key security row paradox exposed [ANALYSIS]Jamaican MP hits out at claims she 'snubbed' Kate [VIDEO] Some Russian units suffering heavy losses in Ukraine had been forced to return home and to neighbouring Belarus, British military intelligence said on Wednesday, a day after Russia promised to scale down military operations around Kyiv and another city. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky reacted with scepticism to the offer made by Russia during negotiations in Istanbul aimed at de-escalating a conflict now in its fifth week. His forces have halted the invasion on most fronts, and some analysts noted that Russia's promise to reduce fighting mostly covered areas where it has been losing ground, even as civilians remained trapped in besieged cities in the south and east. Heavy losses and the withdrawal of some troops was impacting Russian operations, said Britain's defence ministry.