Kasia Lambert, who was visiting the city last year, said she would rather donate the money to victims of the war in Ukraine than pay a penny to Birmingham council. She said she had proved to the council that she’d paid the correct fee for driving in the zone on two separate days. Ms Lambert was handed two Clean Air Zone (CAZ) fines despite reportedly paying charges in order to enter the zone, and said the council had refused to budge. She lives in France and has now been involved in a battle with the council for seven months. She said: "I would rather give £380 to Ukraine than to those cowboys." She claimed she thought she had made two £16 payments for her trip to Birmingham on August 14 and 15 last year when she entered the CAZ. READ MORE: ‘Time to tax EV drivers’ say motorists Thinking nothing of it, she returned to her home in Southern France. Days later, she received the penalty notices and checked her bank app to discover that the £16 payments had been returned to her account. She then launched an appeal believing there had to be a misunderstanding. She said: "I included a screenshot of the 'refund' and explained there had been an error. "I even offered to pay the £16 again but I was told they didn't see any reason to remove the fine." DON'T MISSWheeler Dealers Mike Brewer believes 2030 car ban will be delayed [INSIGHT]Shocked builder handed 51 driving fines in a day [SHOCKING]Grants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [ANALYSIS] Her bank statement showed there were sufficient funds in place when she made the transaction. The £16 was also shown as having left her account, before being returned later the same day. Her initial £120 fines totalling £240, or £60 each if paid within 14 days, have since tripled due to late fees being added. Ms Lambert said: "They are currently sending letters threatening me with bailiffs. It's like something out of Kafka." A council letter detailing the woman's unsuccessful appeal read: "Your vehicle registration was within the CAZ without paying the daily charge at the time, and in the manner required." Some believe the council "preys on fear" when issuing fines and the process has come under fire, according to the Mirror. There is also criticism of the time it takes to process an appeal. When a driver appeals a fine it may take longer than two weeks, the time allocated for a reduced £60 rate, for the authority to respond. This means that if it goes beyond 14 days, the standard charge of £120 would apply if proven guilty. The fine is not frozen while an investigation takes place - giving drivers no choice but to fork out the extra cash despite the council overrunning. A Birmingham City Council spokesperson said: "For anyone receiving a PCN which they believe has been issued incorrectly, there are a number of opportunities for challenge or appeal. "The first opportunity is with the council. Then there's an additional option to appeal with an independent adjudicator. "The purpose of the Clean Air Zone is to encourage the owners of the most polluting vehicles on our roads to do something different. "This could be to avoid the zone, upgrade or replace a vehicle or to make more use of public transport and other active forms of travel. "We want to remind and encourage everyone to check whether or not their vehicle is subject to the Clean Air Zone daily fee, familiarise themselves with the payment process.”