Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba has revealed his home was broken into during Tuesday's Champions League clash against Atletico Madrid at Old Trafford. On Wednesday, Pogba took to social media to explain the terrifying ordeal and make a plea for help finding those culpable. He wrote: "Last night our family's worst nightmare was realised when our home was broken into and burglarised while our babies were sleeping in their bedroom. The burglars were in our house for less than five minutes, but in that time, they took from us something more valuable than anything we had in our home... our sense of safety and security. "This occurred during the final minutes of last night's match when they knew that we could not be home. My wife and I rushed home, not knowing if our children were safe and unharmed. As a father, there is no feeling worse in this world than not being there to protect your children, and I sincerely hope that no one ever has to feel what I felt last night. JUST IN: Chelsea have their own Van Persie in star who Ferdinand loves watching  After explaining the shocking events, Pogba called on anyone on social media who could help find those responsible to contact him via an email address. He added: "It is for this reason that I would like to offer a reward for anyone who has a clue to help us. Please send any info to rewardpogba@gmail.com." He isn't the only United player to have suffered a home burglary this year after Victor Lindelof's traumatic break-in whilst his wife and children were home in January. Samuel Luckhurst reports the club are now working with players to review and strengthen their home security. READ MORE: Chelsea bidder Ricketts apologised for racist comments in leak scandal  Pogba started on the bench as United fell to a 1-0 defeat to Atletico, crashing out of the Champions League at the last 16 stage. The 29-year-old midfielder replaced Bruno Fernandes in the 67th minute but couldn't inspire Ralf Rangnick's side to overturn the deficit. He is expected to leave United on a free transfer this summer once his contract expires, six years after returning on a then-world record £89million fee. Luckily, it sounds like Pogba's children are safe and sound, but it's saddening to learn of such a worrying event occurring in what could be his final months in Manchester. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.