Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Cancer – the fourth sign in the zodiac – when it comes to love. Today, March 5, Cancers are urged to communicate with their loved one to be able to fully enjoy themselves. Horoscope.com said: “You need to trust your vision as far as a certain relationship is concerned, especially with the planetary alignment today. “There is no way of knowing in advance whether you are making the right move – you can only truly know once you begin to connect and communicate with the person in question. “Be brave and jump in, but be prepared to get out again if it doesn’t suit you. Above all, enjoy the adventure.” READ MORE: Britons can get £5,000 grant to replace gas boiler next month - how As for the rest of the month, astrologists have Cancers to be less selfless when it comes to love – everyone has the right to go after what they want and end a situation if it is no longer serving them. Horoscope.com said: “The emotional moon reaches her full phase while in earth sign Virgo on March 18, giving you the option to get some good closure on a past relationship. “What’s keeping you from forgiving, forgetting, and truly moving on? “This practical lunation helps you get past the emotions and focus on things from a logical perspective.” DON'T MISS:Phil Spencer: Questions to ask when moving or extending [EXPERT]Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to get grout looking ‘brand new’ in ‘minutes’ [INSIGHT] The astrologists continued: “There’s a big energy shift as the sun leaves subtle Pisces for aggressive Aries on the twentieth, so be prepared to come out of your shell and compete for what you want. “No more standing to the side and letting others take what should rightfully be yours. “When it comes to love, you deserve to be in first place.” But what are Cancers like in love in general? When it comes to romance, Cancers are giving and generous, but they expect the same treatment in return. The Crab doesn’t like to play games and hates the thrill of the chase, instead they would rather someone is upfront and honest with how they are feeling. Horoscope.com said: “Cancers tends to be happiest when they're part of a pair, and the best relationship brings out their greatest traits.” But while they thrive in a couple, they also enjoy independence and time to do things solo. While someone with this zodiac sign can be “intense”, they also have a “funny side” and good sense of humour. “Cancer is incredibly loyal, sometimes to a fault,” the astrologists added. Cancer is most compatible with Taurus – perhaps because the Bull sign can ground “cardinal” Cancer. Both signs are very connected to their bodies and share an intense and almost psychic sensuality. Other signs Cancer is attracted to are Pisces and Scorpio. Both these signs are emotional, meaning they would get on well with Cancers.