Last month, less than a week into his invasion, Putin held a meeting with top security officials in which he ordered them to put the country's deterrent on high alert. The deterrent in question now on alert includes Russia's nuclear arsenal, meaning the approximately 6,257 warheads at the president's disposal are ready to fly on his order. While it is unlikely he would ever make true on his threats given the implications of global destruction, his western opponents have tools available to foil them. If the ultimate safeguarding measure, Mutually Assured Destruction (MAD), were to fail, the UK might have to intercept ballistic missiles launched by Russia. At present, Russia's nuclear arsenal includes intercontinental ballistic missiles able to reach hypersonic speeds and detonate on British shores within 10 minutes from launch. The UK's defence personnel is likely acutely aware of the threat, and they have erected a sophisticated missile defence system. READ MORE: Why Putin may face his own Stalingrad in assault on Kyiv Late last year, on December 6, 2021, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) announced that it had launched an "advanced detect and destroy defence system". The system, known as Sky Sabre, is a ground-based missile defence unit that patrols the skies above the country. The MoD said Sky Sabre comes equipped with three "key components", allowing it to operate in 15km of "battlespace". The first, a Giraffe Agile Multi-Beam 3D medium-range surveillance radar, allows it to rotate 360 degrees from an extending mast out to 120km while seeking threats. But they would usually eliminate fighter aircraft, drones and "laser-guided smart bombs". The launchers come equipped with eight missiles each, capable of "multi-directional" deployment. They could fire up to 24 missiles simultaneously and guide them to 24 separate locations. These features make the Sky Sabre "unprecedented in speed, accuracy, performance and target acquisition." Lieutenant Colonel Chris Lane, Commanding Officer of 16 Regiment Royal Artillery, said it would allow the British military to "compete with our peers". He added the launcher and its radar would "absolutely put us at the forefront of ground-based air defence”. The Sky Sabre replaces the Rapier, which had previously operated for the UK since the 1970s. That system notably saw use during the 2012 Olympics, when it helped protect the venue from potential attacks.