Gogglebox stars Lee Riley and Jenny Newby often leave fans in hysterics and it was no different when the former took to Instagram and shared that he discovered his pal in bed with his partner. The Channel 4 duo were filming the new series of the popular show when Jenny suddenly went missing. Taking to their joint Instagram account yesterday, Lee uploaded the hilarious clip, in view of their 669,000 followers. He captioned the video: "When your halfway through filming and Jenny disappears," followed by laughing emojis. Speaking to his legion of fans, Lee began: "So you wonder where Jenny is. I've been looking for her, and where is she?" The camera showed Jenny lying on a bed next to Steve Mail, Lee's long-term partner. READ MORE: Rihanna causes a stir as pregnant star steps out in risqué lace thong Lee continued: "She's in bed. She's in my bed... with Steve. What's going on?" The trio chuckled as Steve and Jenny could be seen laid out on top of the duvet cover of the couple's bed. Jenny replied: "I'm having five minutes!" Her Gogglebox co-star goes on to jokingly order her to get off the bed, telling his mate "you stink of Chanel!"  "That'll be a knock off anyway!" Lee quips throughout their hilarious exchange. "It isn't a knock off," Jenny insists, as all three of them giggle throughout the footage. The hilarious clip ends with Jenny telling her telly critic buddy to "bog off". Fans flocked to the comment section, as they reacted to the cheeky clip. DON'T MISS... Adele in talks to 'move Las Vegas residency' after cancelling shows[LATEST]Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion[INSIGHT]Rihanna causes a stir as pregnant star steps out in risqué lace thong[PICTURES] Howie Mandie commented: "Hilarious." Julie Stoke remarked: "Love you two you're so funny." Eyre Kate joked: "She's a slippery one, her." "Never a dull moment," Jan Ryan wrote, while Nicola Young added: "Love you two!" The duo returned to screens in February for the new series, alongside other favourites such as sisters Izzi and Ellie Warner, brother-sister duo Pete and Sophie Sandiford and couple Marcus Luther and Mica Ven. For the new series, viewers were introduced to two brand new cast members – a Scottish couple Roisin and Joe. Last year, the Channel 4 show introduced couple Ronnie and Annie from South-East London, and siblings Simon and Jane. Gogglebox airs Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm.