Kate Garraway, 54, has revealed she made a hysterical outfit blunder as she headed to the Smooth Radio studios in Leicester Square. The Good Morning Britain presenter shared the mishap on Twitter to her 491,000 followers. Posing next to her mixing desk, Kate looked concerned as she held up her pink and red jumper to reveal her bare midriff. The photo, originally shared by Smooth Radio’s official Twitter account, was captioned: “When you accidentally buy a vest aged 8-10 and not size 8-10! “Still got room for some pancakes!” Kate’s fans found the mistake hysterical, and dozens took to the comments. READ MORE:Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him Karen laughed: “Oh I was listening to you saying about this on your show before. It did make me laugh. And the fact that you still kept it on! Made my day.” Mark joked: “Kate, what are you like.” While Tony said: “Absolutely hilarious! Don’t you just love her.” And Miss Boyce added: “Wow, anything is possible when rushing!” It comes after Kate said she was “feeling positive” about husband Derek’s recovery from Covid. Chatting to Zoe Ball on Radio 2 on Monday, Kate opened up: “We've had a really good weekend, Derek, the kids and I. It feels quite positive. "I don't know if it's just the weather was lovely, and the crocuses were up." However, she added: "I mean, I would love to give a big blob of a happy ending for Derek. DON'T MISSNeil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit[LATEST]Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart[INSIGHT]James Jordan and Shirley Ballas row over reaction to Ukraine crisis[NEWS] "I haven't quite got that for everybody yet. I know everybody is like 'ugh', and it just feels like we have got to keep pushing on. “He's having different sorts of treatments, so we're just gonna have to keep everything crossed.” Derek caught Covid in March 2020 and was put into an induced coma by doctors. After 374 days in hospital, Derek was able to return home to his wife and their children, Darcey, 15, and Billy,12, where he requires 24-hour care. Kate explained in her new ITV documentary, Caring For Derek, that she wakes up every two hours to help the overnight carer move Derek in bed. She also has to change his bed linen seven times a day to avoid infection and keep him comfortable as well as help him with everyday tasks such as going to the toilet. The Life Stories host said her husband may never walk again because his muscles have seized up due to the coma.