Today Mother’s Day is celebrated in households across the UK, and the Cambridges are likely to be one of many families marking the occasion. William and Kate arrived home from their Caribbean tour this morning just in time to celebrate the occasion and will reportedly spend the day with their children at Kensington Palace. The couple usually mark the day privately with their three children Prince George, Charlotte and Prince Louis, while the children’s nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo will also likely be there.   Last year the couple shared a photo of a Victoria Sponge cake on their social media that the kids had made for their mother Kate. It had been hand decorated with buttercream icing, sprinkles and colourful heart-shaped pipe cleaners. Last year the three children also drew and painted adorable cards to remember their granny, Diana, which were then published on the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s Kensington Royal Instagram account. The post, which was shared while the UK was in a coronavirus lockdown, was captioned: “This year Mother’s Day will be different once again. Read More: Prince William sends series of tweets addressing royal tour “Many of us will be apart from our loved ones, but looking forward to a time in the not too distant future when we can give our mother a hug again. “But for those experiencing bereavement, today may be particularly challenging. “Each year on Mother’s Day George, Charlotte and Louis make cards remembering their Granny, Diana, for William. “Whatever your circumstances, we are thinking of you this Mother’s Day.”   To mark Mother’s Day Princess Charlotte acknowledged in her card how much her father misses Diana. The young princess decorated the card with a love heart and butterfly stickers, and wrote: “Dear Granny Diana, I am thinking of you on Mother’s Day. “I love you very much, papa is missing you. Lots of love Charlotte.” The eldest Cambridge child, George, drew a landscape complete with a shining sun, trees and birds. Don't Miss:Carole Middleton's heartbreaking fear about Kate's future with William[OPINION]Queen's Russia trip stunned expert: President ‘ate out of her hand’[INSIGHT]Princess Eugenie's blunt message after 'terrible' interest[ANALYSIS] He wrote: “Dear Granny Diana, Happy Happy Mother’s Day. I love you very much and think of you always. “Sending lots of love from George.” Finally, Louis painted a love heart, and decorated his card with rabbits, birds and bumblebees. The youngest Cambridge signed off: “From Louis”.  The Princess of Wales tragically died in a Paric car crash in August 1997, when William and Prince Harry were 15 and 12 respectively. Diana’s death triggered a period of unprecedented collective grief across the UK and the world. Her funeral was watched by an estimated global audience of 2.5billion people.  William has spoken candidly about the impact of the tragedy in recent years, including in a 2020 BBC documentary ‘Football, Prince William And Our Mental Health’. Speaking to former Bolton striker Marvin Sordell, the Duke of Cambridge said: “I think when you’ve been through something traumatic in life ‒ and that is like you say your dad not being around, my mother dying when I was younger ‒ your emotions come back in leaps and bounds because it’s a very different phase of life. “And there’s no one there to help you and I definitely found it very, at times, overwhelming.” 