Donna (played by Jaye Jacobs) is going to take centre stage in the Holby City finale on Tuesday evening as the beloved characters of the show get ready to make their last appearance on the BBC medical drama. The current staff at the hospital won't be the only ones featuring in the television show's swan song instalment as a number of former characters are making their long-awaited return. Ric (Hugh Quarshie) is amongst them but he could have ulterior motives for wanting to come back after leaving Holby almost two years ago. With Jac Naylor (Rosie Marcel) needing urgent help after the discovery her tumour was too advanced to operate on, several of the hospital's best surgeons from the past and present will descend on Holby to see how they can save their friend. Although Ric could be back to help with this life-saving operation, it would give him time to catch up with his former colleague, Donna. The former hospital favourite was like a father figure to Donna during his time on the show and they had a great relationship. They have always looked out for one another and a new theory from Express.co.uk suggests Ric might be ready to poach his daughter figure for a new job. Even though she has left the hospital before, Donna's loyalties could lie with Holby and this could lead to a huge dilemma for her. READ MORE: New Amsterdam delayed: Fans furious as season 4 off-air Even though she might feel she has to stay at the hospital, given how it has just come out of special measures, she could also reflect on recent events. It was discovered last year her daughter Mia Jackson (Briana Shann) was embroiled in a sex-trafficking ring as she had been groomed by Fletch's (Alex Walkinshaw) partner. This resulted in her having an ectopic pregnancy and her mother was furious to realise what had been happening to her daughter. This almost broke her friendship with Fletch and although she and Mia have been moving on from it in recent months, it could still be something that haunts them. Knowing a fresh start could be exactly what they need, Donna could agree she will leave with Ric for a new life abroad. The beloved character would know she would be working with Ric and over the years, they have made a great team when it comes to helping patients. With Ric also being her father figure, it would be like she was still at home at Holby, which was where her friendship began with the former character. As it is likely several characters will be leaving in the finale, seeing Donna exit could be one of the most heartbreaking to air. Donna has been a character on the show on and off since 2004, making it close to 20 years since she made her first appearance. Alongside Jac, this makes her one of the programme's longest-serving characters so could both pinnacles of the show leave if the former dies in surgery? DON'T MISS...Holby City legend Amanda Mealing details whether Connie will return [COMMENT]Casualty legend Amanda Mealing on 'chaotic' Coronation Street job [COMMENT]Holby City legend Amanda Mealing speaks out about show's axe [COMMENT] The actress who plays Donna, Jaye, has spoken out on the finale and what viewers can expect from the show's swan song episode. Jaye explained: "The end episode is for those people who have petitioned and were part of the huge outpouring of trying to save the show. "I think it really honours those hardcore, long-term fans. I'm really proud of that." On what she will miss about her character, the Donna star added: "I certainly enjoyed the love. I was going to say the men, but there were women too! "I did enjoy how many she's got through though. What a woman, hats off to her," before she spoke about her co-stars who she will miss dearly. "I've had lifelong friends, some who are still here but some who were in it when I was about 21," the soap star explained. "It's having those lifelong friends who've come through the show and seeing them every single day. That's what I'll miss most," she told Digital Spy. Although viewers will be bidding farewell to Donna, they are also excited to see Ric back in the thick of the action. Taking to Twitter, Sarah wrote: "I’m so glad Ric Griffin and Mo Effanga make an appearance next week. I can’t wait! #HolbyCity." "In all those spoilers and excitement I'm happy Ric is also back for final Holby episode #HolbyCity," Katie posted. It was announced last year Holby City would be ending after 23 years, with the BBC releasing a statement on why it had taken this decision. The broadcaster explained: "We sometimes have to make difficult decisions to make room for new opportunities and as part of the BBC’s commitment to making more programmes across the UK. "We have taken the difficult decision to bring the show to a close in order to reshape the BBC’s drama slate to better reflect, represent and serve all parts of the country. "We would like to take this opportunity to thank the amazing team at BBC Studios and all the cast and crew who have been involved in the show since 1999." Holby City concludes tonight at 7:50pm on BBC One.