Paul Chuckle has made an awkward admission about the day he met Prince Charles. Paul, 74, “did what you’re not supposed to do” during a handshake with the monarch, and it was caught on camera. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Paul explained: “When we did the Royal Variety Performance, I did what you’re not supposed to do. “I shook Prince Charles’ hand with my right hand, and put my left hand over the top of his and gave it a good shake! “Evidently you’re not supposed to do that, but I wasn’t told until afterwards. I’ve got a picture of it as well!” he laughed. That wasn’t Paul’s only royal gaffe, either. “After the Royal Variety we went backstage for a drink at the interval, and Princess Margaret and her husband walked around meeting everybody, saying hello,” he began. “I was talking to her husband, and I backed away suddenly and bumped into somebody, and I said, ‘Ooh, sorry!’ It was Princess Anne! “When she actually spoke to me, I said, ‘I met your auntie years ago.’ She said, ‘Oh you must have been very young.’ “She didn’t think I was as old as I was, I think,” he added. Paul described himself as “very much a royalist” and revealed he thinks it’s “awful” that Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle are feuding with the family, having made explosive accusations in an Oprah Winfrey interview. “I can’t see why he would do that to his grandmother, walk out on his own family,” said Paul. “I love the Queen, I love her to death. I love Prince Charles, I love the whole Royal Family. I am very much a royalist. “I just don’t think it’s right what they have done. And it’s awful that baby Lilibet is nine months old and the Queen hasn’t seen her grandmother.” READ MORE... Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle [INSIGHT]Susanna Reid ‘sacrificing extra work projects to find a new beau' [NEWS]Louise Minchin, 53, braves freezing cold temperatures in swimwear [NEWS]  The DJ and entertainer admitted he misses his late brother Barry terribly, as August will mark four years since he died from bone cancer aged 73. Paul is an ambassador for end of life charity Marie Curie, which helped care for Barry in his final weeks. “I just miss him, I miss him badly,” said Paul, who starred on BBC show ChuckleVision with Barry from 1987-2009. But he still feels Barry’s presence, in his dreams and when he performs. “I feel that he is still with me, which is a great thing. I believe in the afterlife, I don’t believe when you die, that’s the end of it all,” said Paul. “Barry didn’t believe in that, but from the day he died he has been in almost every dream I’ve had, Barry’s there alongside me. “He never was during the years he was alive, when we were together. He was very rarely in my dreams. But since he’s died he’s been there. “I think that’s his way of saying, ‘There is an afterlife, I’m here, I’m still with you.’ “Whenever I go out to entertain, whether it’s DJing, acting or TV work, I always feel he is there with me, alongside me. It’s a great feeling.” 