 Brendan O’Neill spoke to GB News on Tuesday to slam the anti-Brexit crowd for their hypocrisy over the Prime Minister’s comments. Spiked magazine's former editor, expressed his support for what Mr Johnon said at the Tory spring conference in Blackpool and accused Remoaners of throwing never-ending “hissy fits”.   GB News host, Dan Wootton fervently agreed with O’Neill, stating that he regularly tackles the “tsunami of rank Remoaner hypocrisy” on the show and that this latest criticism of the Prime Minister was a prime example. Mr Johnson said: “I know that it’s the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. “When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers I don’t think it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. It’s because they wanted to be free.” Dan Wootton criticised Remoaners who he claims slammed the PM’s comparison while they connect Brexit and the Ukrainian conflict in their own arguments.   Mr Wootton said that they have “seized every opportunity to link Brexit and Ukraine since Putin’s tanks first rolled in!” Wearing a Ukrainian ribbon on his jacket, Mr O’Neill expressed his belief that the Prime Minister’s critics are “completely wrong about Boris’ comments”. He continued: “The first thing to say is he didn’t actually compare voting for Brexit to fighting in Ukraine. He didn’t make that comparison. “All he was saying is that people around the world long for freedom, long for independence and people in Britain, like people in Ukraine, want to be free. “And then he gave our vote for Brexit as an example of our desire for freedom. I think he was completely right.” READ MORE:Cleaning: The ‘vital’ trick to avoid mould growing in your home  Both Dan and Brendan agreed that the point the PM was making during his speech was an overarching comment about freedom and that “both of them [Ukraine and Brexit] in very different ways, are fights for national sovereignty”. The chief political writer for Spiked Online slammed the response of the “Remoaner elite” saying: “They know that somewhere deep in their corroded souls they know he has a point when he says that a vote for Brexit was a vote for freedom and the struggle in Ukraine is a struggle for freedom.” Mr O’Neill continued with examples showing their supposed hypocrisy: DON'T MISS:Spain holiday chaos: Costa del Sol faces shortages (INSIGHT)POLL: Do you think Kate and William will announce baby number 4 soon? (POLL)State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock (REVEAL)  “The issue with these people is … they’re supporting the Ukrainian people as they wave their flags and fight to defend their national honour and talk about their national identity and struggle for national sovereignty, they’re supporting all of that but they opposed all of those things when people in Britain argued for them over the past six years.” He added: “They said you were a xenophobe if you wave the British flag, you were an idiot if you talked about something like national identity, only xenophobes really obsess over things like sovereignty, these are the kinds of arguments they were making.” Mr O’Neill concluded his discussion on GB News saying that “their commitment to sovereignty independence is a very new phenomenon and it’s full of hypocrisy.” 