Carlos Sainz has hit out at the FIA and Saudi Arabian Grand Prix race director Niels Wittich after Sergio Perez took an age to cede his position to the Ferrari man after obtaining an illegal advantage during the Safety Car pause. Wittich was chosen alongside Eduardo Freitas to replace last year’s race director Michael Masi, who was sacked after the 2021 season ended in controversy. Perez took the untimely decision to visit the pits moments before the safety car was deployed following a crash by Williams’ Nicholas Latifi. Sainz, on the other hand, took the opportunity to pit during the halt in proceedings. As Sainz came out of the pits and crossed the exit control line, he was ahead of Perez, who was out on the track. But due to Perez’s momentum, the Red Bull driver stayed ahead. Perez was therefore obliged to allow the Spaniard to pass him but race control didn’t immediately order the Mexican to cede his position. And the incident left Sainz frustrated as it meant he couldn’t kick-on and challenge Max Verstappen for second place. “It definitely was very strange,” Sainz insisted. “I think as a sport we need to keep analysing these things because we could simplify things so much more if Checo [Perez] would have just given me the position during the Safety Car which basically would have given me an opportunity to fight Max at the restart and would have given Checo an opportunity to fight me to get the position - but what happened is that I was obviously fighting Checo. JUST IN: Mick Schumacher wanted to race at Saudi GP despite huge crash but explains why he didn't  “I knew that Checo was going to give me a position quickly and he couldn’t fight me because he was going to give me a position back. So in the end we created a mess that for me is unnecessary, given the fact that we did six laps behind the Safety Car and there were millions of opportunities for Checo to let me by and have a good fight at the restart. “It’s just these kind of things that, as a sport, we need to keep getting better at because I think we need to simplify things and just make it more quicker and easier for everyone to understand and even for the drivers to go racing with a much clearer mind. “The Safety Car line with Checo, this is our number one priority now that we need to talk about with the FIA. Because basically Checo lost the opportunity to fight with me on the restart, and I lost the opportunity to fight with Max for [Perez] not giving up the position during the Safety Car. DON'T MISSCharles Leclerc's classy Max Verstappen comments after losing Saudi GP [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton behind Russell as Leclerc leads Drivers' Championship [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen complains about Charles Leclerc's Ferrari car [COMMENT]    “We had a lot of laps to do it. The FIA didn’t allow us and I think for the sake of racing and the sake of Formula 1, these kind of things need to happen quicker and they need to happen more efficiently.” Sainz’s remarks come after former driver David Coulthard slammed the FIA for potentially costing Lewis Hamilton more points by taking too long to deploy a Virtual Safety Car and close the pitlane after cars had broken down on the track. “For them, that actual uncertainty over the car stopping just before the entry to the pitlane, they were like, ‘do we bring them in, do we not,’” Coulthard said. “‘Are they going to close the pitlane, are they not?’ I think the FIA, in fairness to Mercedes, were a little bit slow to make the decisions.” 