Bristolian Tom Bosanquet has taken over 500 videos with his helmet cam showing drivers committing traffic offences to various degrees. But Mr Bosanquet said he is now facing a fine after police accused him of "blocking the road" while urging a driver to get off his phone. In the footage, the cyclist is seen approaching a car at the lights and calling on the motorist to focus on the road. As the light turns green, neither the car not the bike immediately move, resulting in a van waiting behind them to honk after being unable to resume its journey. The police accused Bosanquet that he "blocked the road" to "converse with the occupant" of the car, breaking the law himself. Discussing the report, broadcaster Jeremy Vine said: "He stops to tell the car driver to pull his phone aways and the van behind him was impatient. "The van behind him toots his horn, the van then proceeds and goes through a red light. He thinks it's all cut and dry, sends the video in to the police. JUST IN: Martin Lewis urges Britons to check if they’re owed £750 ahead of energy bill increase "They say they want to fine him up to £1,000 for delaying the van. They say he breached section 29 of the 1988 Act which is the offense of riding a cycle on the road 'without reasonable consideration for other road users.' "He's uploaded 500 videos from his headcam in a year and further 200 so far this year. "Police have taken action against drivers in about 95 percent of cases, so he's on the right side." But panellist Lawrie Turner disagreed, branding Bosanquet a "busybody." READ MORE: 'Too big' Luxury £1million mansions located on picturesque plot torn down She said: "No, he's not. "Five hundred times he's contacted the local police station. "What an absolute busybody. My goodness, thank goodness someone's got it." And fellow panellist Owen Jones also questioned the amount of time the cyclist spent on filming drivers committing traffic violations. Mr Jones said: "Nobody likes a snitch. I just realised that. "If you see a murder, it's different. I don't think he should be prosecuted and I don't think he should be slammed with a £1,000 fine, and I don't think people should use phones at wheels. "And there's a difference between massive husks of metal which are going at massive speeds through the road and a cyclist who however much of a snitch...500 times? "What is he, he's not Poirot. He can do what he wants."