Arsenal's loss of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January alongside Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah's contracts expiring in July means that Mikel Arteta is in the hunt for a striker this summer. Plenty of links have been bandied about, although it is yet to be seen if any will come to fruition. Express Sport takes a look at the six-striker shortlist Mikel Arteta has put together.  Darwin Nunez Nunez has piqued the attention of the majority of Europe's top clubs after some stellar performances at Benfica this season. The Uruguayan brings a brutishness to their front line, and his pace and finishing ability have seen him dubbed as the second coming of Edinson Cavani after scoring 20 goals in 22 league games this season. With a reported £40million bid from West Ham being rejected in the winter, the Portuguese side could see a bid of above £50m being tabled despite his £36m valuation as they look to make a quick profit on the £22m they spent in 2020. Dominic Calvert-Lewin Calvert-Lewin burst onto the scene upon Carlo Ancelotti's arrival at Everton by scoring eight Premier League goals in the second half of the 2019-20 season when the Italian joined the Toffees. His breakout season came last campaign, scoring 11 goals in his first 11 games as the Toffees went top of the league at Christmas. A more physically-prominent forward, Calvert-Lewin would be a huge change from the typically technical strikers Arsenal usually have in their ranks - although that change could be welcomed at the Emirates in a £40.5m move as per Transfermarkt.  Victor Osimhen The Nigerian forward has been a revelation since his move to Napoli from Lille in September 2020. Scoring 25 goals in 55 games for the Italian giants, Osimhen has proved his worth in the Europa League and is set to make the step up to the Champions League thanks to Napoli's superb showing in Serie A this campaign. But valued at £54m, he would represent the largest outlay of any of the targets mentioned if Arsenal were to try for his services. Alexander Isak Swedish star Isak has hit the ground running in northern Spain since his move to Real Sociedad from Borussia Dortmund in 2019. The 22-year-old has scored 41 goals in just 122 games for the Anoeta-based outfit as he stamps his name as one of Europe's most exciting talents. And valued at just £36m by transfermarkt, the youngster is well with Arsenal's reach after their failed move for Dusan Vlahovic in the winter saw him linked late on in the window. Armando Broja Chelsea striker Broja was largely unknown following his loan spell at Vitesse Arnhem last season, and was subsequently shifted on loan to Southampton at the start of the season. But a surprisingly good season by the Albanian has seen Arsenal linked - although it will likely take a larger fee than the £8m he is valued at if Arteta is to secure his services. Jonathan David David, amongst others, surprised the French footballing world last season by firing Lille to the Ligue One title ahead of superstars Paris Saint-Germain. But the 22-year-old Canadian's strong performances this campaign have ensured to interested parties that his debut season wasn't a fluke - and a move could be made. Having been on the radar of Liverpool's transfer chiefs throughout the season as per the Athletic, Arsenal may have to make a bid early doors.