Mr Macron will attempt to win a coveted second term as leader of France, when voters go to the polls on April 10. Currently the front runner, the incumbent President could face a nasty surprise. As many as four in ten people, who intend to vote, remain undecided on who they will support, according to Adélaïde Zulfikarpasic. Ms Zulfikarpasic is the head of BVA Opinion, one of the most authoritative polling companies in France. She made her remarks in an interview with the channel Europe 1. At the same time, Mr Macron appears to be haemorrhaging support among young first-time voters. Thousands of youngsters turned up to a huge political rally held by Éric Zemmour in Paris on Sunday. They were among tens of thousands who gathered in front of the Eiffel Tower to hear the controversial far-right challenger speak. The 63-year-old journalist has called his political movement "Reconquête" (Reconquest) and has espoused hardline anti-immigration views. The political novice blames France's perceived decline on immigration. He attracted strong criticism from the nationalist Marine Le Pen, when promising to deport 100,000 immigrants each year if he were to be elected. Ms Le Pen described the proposal as deeply unfair and "anti-republican". At the time of announcing his candidacy, Mr Zemmour saw a surge in support. However, current polls have him in fourth position with around 10 percent of the vote. READ MORE: Ukraine War LIVE: Zelensky slams 'afraid' Macron at key turning point Uncertainty about the election outcome was further stoked by a leading French political scientist. Dominique Reynié, head of the influential Fondapol thinktank, said Covid and the war in Ukraine had made the election unpredictable. He conceded that polling experts could not reliably call the result, despite Mr Macron's apparent healthy lead over his rivals. He said: “This is not an election like any other and I cannot see in any way that the result is certain. "We could say one thing today and tomorrow it could be different." The latest figures on voting intentions in the first round show Mr Macron’s support levelling off at around 27 percent. DON'T MISSLe Pen on rocks as leader plagued by 'prominent falling out' [NEWS]Macron's 'reprehensible' Putin comments once infuriated NATO ally [INSIGHT]'Have to kick the pedal to the metal' Ex Ukrainian leader slams Macron [SPOTLIGHT] Ms Le Pen has seen her vote share climb to 21 percent, while the radical left candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon has risen to third place with 13 percent. The 44-year-old President has faced a politically challenging first term, ever since he came to power five years ago. He introduced a raft of reforms which provoked strong protests from many workers. Mr Macron made it easier for companies to fire workers, cut taxes and introduce tough security laws to tackle terrorism. But he was forced to scrap a proposed fuel tax in 2018 after weeks of unrest stoked by yellow-vest protests, known as "gilets jaunes".