Dr. Clare Bailey creates recipes to support her husband Michael Mosley's hugely popular diet plans. Michael devised the 5:2 diet and the Fast 800 plan. Recently, Dr. Clare discussed the benefits of intermittent fasting. She said: "Whether you are looking for weight loss and/or the benefits of intermittent fasting (IF) this way of eating is flexible and can usually fit into your lifestyle." Clare creates the recipes for her husband Michael's Fast 800 diet, which sees followers eat 800 to 900 calories a day. She went on: "You might like to do the 5:2 version." This version of the diet sees followers eat 800 to 900 calories a day twice a week and the rest of the time practice eating normally and watching portions while following on the Mediterranean style diet. READ MORE: Michael Mosley wife Dr Clare Bailey: Wean off sweets to lose weight - low carb cake recipe Clare also suggested another option, which she called "the weekend version" or "the 3:4". This involves cutting calories four days a week and eating normally three days over the weekend. Clare explained why this diet is recommended by her and her husband. She said: "You still get the health benefits of weight loss, metabolic health-improving blood sugar, a better functioning immune system, and reduced inflammation to name but a few benefits." DON'T MISSMichael Mosley's wife Dr Clare Bailey's weight loss salad [RECIPE] 'Adele works out': Personal trainer on singer's rumoured diet [EXPERT] Fitness guru's snack tip 'won't send you sugar crazy' [HEALTHY DIET] The expert suggested an extra step to enhance weight loss. "Adding TRE (Time-Restricted Eating) enhances the effect," she said. "This means eating within a 12 or eight-hour window and this helps too - as long as you don’t eat most of it late in the day." The health expert revealed her husband will rely on this diet if he feels the need to get on top of his diet. She said: "And if the weight starts to creep back on you do a few 800 cal days to get back on track. That’s what Michael does now and then." Recently Clare detailed her best keto diet breakfast recipe. The high-fat low carb diet aids fast weight loss as it encourages the body to burn fat for fuel. She said: "Michael and I both enjoy a filling protein-packed breakfast. "It keeps you going for longer and reduces the urge to snack."