Characterised by a lack of symptoms, high cholesterol can be difficult to spot. However, too much of the waxy substance can block your blood vessels, putting you at a greater risk of severe health conditions. While many might be prescribed a medication called statins to lower the culprit, some might benefit from effective lifestyle changes. In case you’re not aware, high cholesterol describes having too much of a fatty substance called cholesterol in your blood. Elevated levels of this substance are mainly triggered by eating too much fatty food and poor lifestyle choices. Luckily, doing the exact opposite and switching up your diet can help lower it. According to research published in the journal Lipids in Health and Disease, orange juice could help with the task of lowering high levels. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘popular’ vitamin associated with a 91% higher risk of the disease The study looked at 129 participants between the ages of 18 and 66. All of the subjects worked at an orange juice factory, giving them daily access to free zesty juice. The study found that 41 percent of these subjects enjoyed two cups of orange juice per day for at least twelve months. In particular, the two cups consisted of 480 millimetres of the fruit juice.  The researchers noticed that those who regularly enjoyed the drink had “significantly lower” levels of total cholesterol. These findings were consistent across people who had normal cholesterol and also high levels. However, those who skipped their daily intake of orange juice didn’t see the same results. Another benefit experienced by the orange juice groups was higher intake of vitamin C and folate. The study concluded that long-term consumption of orange juice is associated with lower levels of total cholesterol and “bad” cholesterol. Not all cholesterol is “bad”. While LDL cholesterol is the culprit behind boosting your risk of heart disease and stroke, the “good” cholesterol, also known as HDL, can do the exact opposite. Orange juice is packed with flavonoids, mainly, hesperidin. This goodie has been previously linked to various beneficial properties, including lower cholesterol levels. On top of that, hesperidin was also found to boost the “good” cholesterol and lower the risk of coronary heart disease. When it comes to the main ingredient of the breakfast drink, oranges could also offer similar effects. Heart UK explains that fruits high in fibre can help cut cholesterol. This is because fibre is able to block some cholesterol from being absorbed from the intestines into the bloodstream. And the charity lists orange as a good source of this.