Special Agent in Charge G Callen (played by Chris O’Donnell) is more convinced than ever that Katya (Eve Harlow) is the one who has been stealing his identity in the latest clip for NCIS: Los Angeles season 13. The popular NCIS spin-off will continue next Monday on CBS, and the new teaser has revealed a worrying exchange between Callen and fellow agent Sam Hanna (LL Cool J). In a blow to his hopes of getting to the bottom of the case, Callen reveals the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has still not been able to track down the origins of the deep fake which has been plaguing the team in a sneak peek at episode 12. To recap, in season 12, the team were fooled by an uncanny impersonation of Special Agent Fatima Namazi (Medalion Rahimi). They later discovered a deep fake of Callen had also been created and determined whoever is behind the sinister sabotage must already know the team. Now, the chilling impersonator seems to have returned after the agent received a strange call from Dr Hodge (Tom Virtue), following up on a video appointment Callen is adamant never took place. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' The latest episode concluded with Callen conversing with the deep fake version of himself, which confirmed whoever’s behind the scheme has met him before. Callen is now convinced Russian spy Katya is the one stealing his identity, and her plan probably has something to do with his relationship with Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly). During the latest promo for episode 12, Murmuration, Sam confronts a concerned Callen while he weighs his options. Callen informs his partner: “DARPA’S media forensics team hasn’t had any hits on a deep fake.” To which Sam responds: “Isn’t that a good thing?” With the bait set, Katya just needs to wait for Callen’s deep fake to draw Anna out of hiding to make her play. Unfortunately, no new deep fakes also means the forensic team may not be able to get a handle on Katya’s location. Moreover, if DARPA fails to find any shortcomings in the existing recordings, they won’t get any closer to shutting the deep fake down. DON'T MISS:The Masked Singer USA chaos as contestant storms off [VIDEO]Love Is Blind’s Shake confirms new romance ‘Don’t settle’ [UPDATE]MAFS Australia’s Jackson defends Olivia after glass smash [COMMENT] Callen explained: “Well, the better we get at finding the flaws, the better the programme is at fixing its mistakes. “It’s invisible because Katya keeps updating it. She is never gonna stop.” If Callen’s suspicions are correct, Katya won’t stop until Anna is out of the picture for good. Thankfully, it appears the team leader’s burgeoning relationship with the Russian operative is still going strong, as he’ll pay another visit to Anna in Napa next episode. Katya began her tirade against Callen and Anna last season by kidnapping and torturing another of the agent’s ex-girlfriends, Joelle Taylor (Elizabeth Bogush). She hasn’t appeared in person since the 2019 episode The One That Got Away, and her deep fake smokescreen isn’t showing any signs of clearing. The Russian spy is clearly unhinged and dangerous, but can the NCIS: LA team track her down and stop her by the end of the season? NCIS: Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.