Chelsea have requested that their FA Cup quarter-final with Middlesbrough at the Riverside Stadium is played behind closed doors after being told they are not allowed to sell any away tickets for the encounter. The Blues reached the last eight of the competition after seeing off Luton Town in the fifth round earlier this month.  Chelsea have been thrown into turmoil after their Russian oligarch owner Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale following his country’s attack on Ukraine. The 55-year-old was later sanctioned and had all his assets frozen – but he will still be allowed to offload the club after the government gave the green light for the sale to go ahead. The government has banned Chelsea from selling match tickets and merchandise and has also put a stop to them buying and selling players. But they have been given a special licence to carry on playing matches due to their status as a “culturally significant asset.” Ahead of their showdown at the Riverside Stadium, the Blues discovered that they would not be permitted to take any travelling support with them. And, according to iNews, the club have asked “with extreme reluctance” to play the game without any fans in the stadium “for matters of sporting integrity.” MUST READ: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  Meanwhile, the FA have confirmed they don’t expect the match to be postponed. “I would expect the game to go ahead,” said FA chief executive Mark Bullingham. Chelsea have been enjoying a productive season under Thomas Tuchel and are third in the Premier League table after winning 17 of their 28 matches. Last month, the team won their second trophy under the German as they tasted glory at the Club World Cup after seeing off Palmeiras in the final. And on Wednesday night they are set to travel to France to take on Lille in the second leg of their Champions League last 16 showdown. The Blues won the first leg 2-0 at Stamford Bridge at the end of February and will be desperate to book their place in the quarter-finals. DON'T MISSFour managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta targetLiverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement    And Tuchel admits his team are trying to carry on as best they can amid the chaotic scenes in west London. “We have restrictions and we have to deal with it,” Tuchel told reporters ahead of the clash with Lille. “We have a framework to go to Lille and play in Lille. There will be no excuses. It is already more difficult to arrange things in the best way possible for the FA Cup, but we will deal with it. As long as we have shirts, as long as we are alive, we will arrive and fight hard for our success. We owe it to the people who normally support us in an invisible way.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here