The average UK family wastes eight meals and throws out £60 worth of food every week. However, with a few simple lifestyle changes they could save themselves £720 a year. Andrea Knowles, personal finance expert at vouchers.co.uk told Express.co.uk there are a number of things people can do to make savings on their food shop. While people can swap supermarkets and downshift to supermarket own brands to save money, another way they could make savings is to throw less away. That means being super organised and one way to do this is to keep the fridge and cupboards organised in a method otherwise known as FIFO - first in, first out. Andrea explained: “All you have to do is place any newly bought food items at the back of the fridge or cupboard and keep the products closest to being out-of-date at the front.” READ MORE: PIP claimants urged to claim 10 freebies that could save thousands People should also take a look at what foods they are guilty of throwing out, so that they can buy less in the first place. Being organised also means writing a list before leaving the house - Britons who don’t do this end up spending three times more, according to research from the Money Advice Service. Meanwhile, if people have ever been in a position when they’ve cooked too much spaghetti then there's a really simple hack to help cook up the perfect portion size every time. Andrea explained: “If you're making spaghetti bolognese and require dry spaghetti, you just need to take a bundle and make sure it's around the same diameter as a 10p coin. This is enough for two people." DON'T MISS:NS&I offers more choice for jackpot winners [UPDATE]Council tax reductions: Who is eligible and how to claim [INSIGHT]Gifting cash to beat Sunak’s inheritance tax grab? Avoid mistakes [WARNING] Buying frozen fruit and vegetables could also save people a lot of money and is just as healthy. Andrea explained: “Not only are frozen vegetables longer lasting and more convenient, but many studies show that they pack a stronger nutritional punch and retain the vegetable's nutrients for longer due to being frozen. “So next time you need to buy fresh peas, sweetcorn, broccoli, cauliflower or carrots, consider heading to the frozen aisle instead. “Plus, they're much cheaper – you can get a 1kg mixed bag of frozen vegetables from Sainsbury's for 69p, whereas buying them all separately (carrots, cauliflower, green beans and garden peas) would amount to £2.28." While bread is one of the most wasted food items, people can waste less by storing bread in the freezer as soon as they buy it. Andrea said: "A quick way of overcoming this wastefulness is to store your bread in the freezer as soon as you buy it. "You then just need to take out a couple of slices at a time, depending on your use for the bread. “Don't be alarmed if your bread is still frozen when making a sandwich on a morning for a packed lunch – the bread will have defrosted by the time lunch rolls around, with no excess water involved." What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Andrea shared her top ten hacks for wasting less food: Do you want to share your story with Express Money? Get in touch by emailing personal.finance@reachplc.com. Unfortunately we cannot respond to every email. 