The US President was asked whether he plans on running for a second term in 2024 amid claims Donald Trump will be his opponent. While Joe Biden did not give a clear indication as to whether he will, he said he would be "very fortunate" to run against Donald Trump. He added that no European leader do not think he's up to the job. President Biden told reporters: "One thing I take some solace from is I don't think you will find any European leader who thinks that I'm not up to the job. "I meant that sincerely. "The point is the first G7 meeting that I attended today was in Great Britain and I sat down and said America is back. "One of my counterpart colleagues said, 'for how long?' and so I don't criticise anybody for asking that question but the next election I would be very fortunate if I had the same man running against me." READ MORE: Macron attempts to grab front row spot next to Biden snubbed It comes as President Biden's public approval rating fell to a new low of 40 percent this week, a clear warning sign for his Democratic Party as it seeks to retain control of Congress in the Nov. 8 election, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll. The national poll, conducted on March 21 and 22, found that 54 percent of Americans disapprove of his job performance as the country struggles with high inflation and Russia's invasion of Ukraine has pushed geopolitical concerns to the fore. Biden's approval rating, down three percentage points from the prior week, mirrors that which his Republican predecessor, Donald Trump, received at this point in his presidency, as both stood at 40 percent in mid-March in their second year in office. Trump's approval rating sank as low as 33 percent in December 2017. Poll respondents cited the economy as their top concern, followed by war and foreign conflicts. Biden's popularity began dropping in mid-August as COVID-19 deaths began to rise and the US military faced a chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan. Biden has sought to lower the political temperature following Trump's divisive presidency. But Americans remain polarized under his presidency. DON'T MISS Doomsday plane: Inside the deadly capabilities of Flying Pentagon [INSIGHT]G7 LIVE: Summit will expose 'who betrayed us' says Zelensky [LIVE]Macron attempts to grab front row spot next to Biden snubbed [VIDEO] While 77 percent of self-identified Democrats said they approved of his job performance, only 10% of self-identified Republicans and 27 percent of independents gave him a positive rating. Democrats hold razor-thin majorities in the House of Representatives and Senate. The loss of either could grind Biden's legislative agenda to a halt. The Reuters/Ipsos poll is conducted online in English throughout the United States. The latest poll gathered responses from a total of 1,005 adults, including 432 Democrats and 366 Republicans. It has a credibility interval - a measure of precision - of 4 percentage points.