BBC bosses are in talks over who will play the leading role in the upcoming season of Doctor Who, after Jodie Whittaker’s departure from the iconic role. While many celebrities have been rumoured in the build-up to the show’s next outing, Four Weddings And A Funeral star Hugh Grant is one of the frontrunners, according to a source insider. It has been reported that the 61-year-old actor has secretly been in talks with the programme’s showrunners. The move has come after ratings have been at their lowest and with Hugh on the bill, producers are hoping to regain its wider audience. Returning as showrunner, Russell T Davies is reportedly in favour of the decision and believes a “Hollywood A-lister” is what the show is lacking. The source insider said: "Russell wants him to bring a fresh feel to the role. READ MORE:Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show “He’s a great award-winning actor, a Hollywood A-lister and excellent at comedy.” Speaking to The Daily Star, they revealed: “Conversations are already in progress." Hugh turned down an offer from Russell to star as the ninth Doctor back in 2005. Despite passing up on the opportunity, Hugh said he regretted it in 2007. The film star admitted: "It’s only when you see it on screen you think, ‘Damn, that was good, why did I say no?'" As one of the most well-known actors, Hugh in England over the last 30 years, spent much of his early career playing posh fops in films such as Notting Hill, The Remains of the Day and Sense and Sensibility. Later in his career, the actor began working on a range of roles, pushing aside his bumbling rom-com persona. Playing roles such as Jeremy Thorpe in A Very English Scandal, the humorous baddy in Paddington and Fletcher in The Gentleman. Whether the award-winning actor could be the next to take over the TARDIS is yet to be confirmed but Whovians have also made their own assumptions. Showrunner Russell will return in time to celebrate the show’s 60th anniversary next year. Former Doctor Who actress and comedian Catherine Tate has also addressed rumours linking her with a return to the show alongside her Scottish co-star David Tennant. During her talk on The One Show, the comic was quizzed by hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas about a potential comeback. "There’s a rumour that you might return for the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who?" Jermaine asked. DONT MISS... Catherine appeared to feign a lack of knowledge as she asked: "Is there?” But before fans made their conclusion, she soon teased: “I probably started a lot of them.” The Nan star went on to say: “No - I wish it was [true]," she said, seemingly rubbishing the rumours. "Well, no one has been in touch if they have."