 EastEnders serial killer Gray Atkins (played by Toby-Alexander Smith) will soon have the residents of Walford hot on his tail as many begin to suspect he murdered Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White). However, according to official BBC soap spoilers, Kheerat Panesar (Jaz Deol) will soon make a return to Albert Square. If he crosses paths with Kheerat, could Gray end up committing murder one final time?    Kheerat recently went on the run after Gray was hospitalised after the two engaged in a violent showdown. Ever since the incident, he’s been hiding out from the police with the help of Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner). However, Kheerat will soon make a stealthy return to Albert Square to help his family secure a business deal. In upcoming scenes, with Kheerat still on the run, his mum Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) tries her best to postpone their meeting with Ranveer but fails to do so. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?  Kheerat’s younger brother Vinny Panesar (Shiv Jalota) begs his mother to let him help out with the meeting. Suki eventually reluctantly agrees following some encouragement from Dotty Cotton (Milly Zero). However, Ranveer is left unimpressed by the change in plans and things quickly take a turn when he demands to speak with Kheerat. Much to everyone’s surprise, Kheerat arrives at the business meeting just in the nick of time.    Kheerat quickly takes charge of the meeting and puts Ranveer’s mind at ease that all is on track with the investment. Watching his older brother take over, Vinny feels pushed out of the family business. After Ranveer leaves, Kheerat hastily fills his family in on his current predicament. Kheerat explains that as he’s wanted by the police, he’s planning to leave Albert Square for good. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak as Paddy Kirk cheats on Chas in steamy affair? [THEORY]EastEnders twist sees Mick Carter arrested for Gray’s murder? [SPOILERS]Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant? [MUST SEE]  On his way out, Kheerat bumps into Stacey and says his final goodbyes before they share a passionate kiss. However, before he can escape Walford, Kheerat is stopped by Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty). She desperately pleads for Kheerat to stay and help protect Chelsea Atkins (Zaraah Abrahams) from Gray. Whitney’s disheartened as Kheerat refuses her request, insisting he can’t get further involved after his altercation with the serial killer.    However, Kheerat soon changes his mind as he spots an exchange between Gray and Chelsea's mum Denise Fox (Diane Parish) in the street. Abandoning his plans, Kheerat speedily heads over to the hospital to warn Chelsea what’s happening. Will Kheerat be able to reach Chelsea in time or could he be stopped in his tracks by Gray? If Gray crosses paths with Kheerat, the killer will likely want to take revenge after their previous showdown. Could Kheerat be Gray’s final murder victim as the villain scrambles to leave Walford with Chelsea in tow? EastEnders continues Monday at 7:30pm on BBC One. 