Chris Rock, 57, has purportedly yet to speak to Will Smith, 53, after the actor slapped him during the Oscars 2022. The pair featured in the most talked about moment of the night after Will walked on stage and hit Chris after he made a joke about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, sporting a buzzcut. Now sources have claimed to TMZ that the pair “haven’t spoken since the slap”. The insider also stressed that Chris “doesn’t have a mean bone in his body” and had “no idea” that Jada suffered from alopecia. The source went on to claim that Chris felt “shaken and bewildered” after the incident, but still attended Guy Oseary’s Oscars After Party. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Chris Rock for comment. Following the incident, Will was revealed as the winner of the Best Actor award for his role in King Richard. However, during his acceptance speech the star appeared tearful as he addressed his actions. He said: “I’m being called on in my life to love people and to protect people, and to be a river to my people.” The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has “condemned” Will Smith’s behaviour at Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony. In an official statement, the Academy said it “condemns the actions of Mr Smith at last night’s show”. “We have officially started a formal review around the incident and will explore further action and consequences in accordance with our Bylaws, Standards of Conduct and California law,” the statement added. After the event, Will took to Instagram to issue a public apology in view of his 61.9 million followers. The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air star expressed “regret” over his actions and revealed why the joke was “too much for [him] to bear”. DON'T MISSJamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh 'rolls eyes' at ex-GMB colleague's 'life changing' update [NEWS]Calls to strip Will Smith of Oscar after slap [LATEST] He wrote: “Violence in all of its forms is poisonous and destructive. “My behaviour at last night’s Academy Awards was unacceptable and inexcusable. Jokes at my expense are a part of the job, but a joke about Jada’s medical condition was too much for me to bear and I reacted emotionally. “I would like to publicly apologise to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong." Will added: ”I am embarrassed and my actions were not indicative of the man I want to be. “There is no place for violence in a world of love and kindness.” Will continued: “I would also like to apologise to the Academy, the producers of the show, all the attendees and everyone watching around the world. “I would like to apologise to the Williams Family and my King Richard Family. "I deeply regret that my behaviour has stained what has been an otherwise gorgeous journey for all of us. I am a work in progress. Sincerely, Will.”