F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali has revealed that talks will be held with drivers following a backlash to the newly released Formula 1:Drive to Survive series. The docuseries, produced in a collaboration between Netflix and F1, first aired in March 2019 with the aim of providing fans with a behind-the-scenes look at the drivers at championship races, and has been widely credited with attracting a new audience to the sport. The fourth series premiered in March, and did so amidst much expectation following the dramatic finale to the 2021 campaign which saw Max Verstappen overtake Lewis Hamilton on the final lap of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to be crowned champion. However, some fans also argued that the series had become too influential, with FIA bosses accused of contriving the dubious finish at the Yas Marina in order to provide an exhilarating climax. Indeed, Red Bull driver Verstappen refused to contribute to the recent series, and has said publicly he's unhappy with the way he's been portrayed by Netflix bosses. "I understand that it needs to be done to boost the popularity in America, but from my side as a driver, I don't like being part of it," he said this month. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has also been an outspoken critic, accusing the series of creating "a spin to the narrative" in order to captivate viewers. The tempestuous relations between the Silver Arrows and Red Bull  last season inevitably meant that Wolff, and opposite number Christian Horner, feature heavily in the series. JUST IN: Toto Wolff stokes the flames with answer to question about Verstappen, Horner and Marko Domenicali has argued the Netflix project 'has had a very successful effect', but has also acknowledged the criticism and revealed talks were held with team bosses at the recent Grand Prix in Bahrain. And he said further discussions will be held with drivers in a bid to smooth over any ill-feeling. “A driver who refuses to participate because he feels he is not being represented in the right way is not being constructive; so a dialogue is needed to understand how he can be included in a format that he feels is correct," he told Motorsport.com. "We will also talk to Netflix, because it is necessary that the story does not move away from reality, otherwise it no longer fits. DON'T MISS:Martin Brundle sends Mercedes Lewis Hamilton retirement warning - 'Won’t be enjoying it'Mercedes boss Toto Wolff’s cold response to Christain Horner's 'tax evader' commentToto Wolff makes worrying Lewis Hamilton comment and disagrees with Mercedes engineer  “It is a topic that we will address together with the drivers. We have to make sure that a project that has generated such exceptional traction has a language that continues to appeal, but without distorting the image and the meaning of the sport that we live with every day.” Earlier this month, the series was declared the winner of the Best Edited Non-Scripted Series honour at the American Cinema Editors Awards. The ceremony, held on March 5, came just six days before the latest series premiered.