Larissa Thompson's  two-year-old daughter Penny Jones had been asleep in the seat of a trolley when she turned blue.  The mum saw Penny was slipping in and out of consciousness so alerted staff at the branch in Porthlethen, Aberdeenshire. Penny was rushed to hospital in an ambulance and has been referred to paediatrics for further investigations. Recalling her ordeal, Larissa said today: "I just got on with my shopping and Penny didn't show any signs of not being well. "She was just sleepy, which is normal for her. I was going down the last aisle before I got to the till as I was doing the Scan & Go and she started to make a really funny noise. "I picked her up out of the trolley and she had gone a really funny almost blue colour. "Penny has a history of intense febrile convulsions and can stop breathing. I felt how hot she was so started to strip her down to her nappy." Customers and Asda staff dashed to Larissa's aid, reports Daily Record.   Supermarket employees Joy Johnson, Nikki Milne and Michelle Stewart helped the stricken tot while the ambulance arrived. Joy is service section leader and first-aider, Nikki works on the front-end and Michelle is a pharmacy colleague. Mother-of-four Larissa added: "Penny kept coming in and out of consciousness. It was really scary, I thought she was going to die. Joy said she wasn't happy and phoned for an ambulance and stayed with us till it arrived. "It took after 30 to 40 minutes, but it felt like forever." "I'd just like to thank Joy and everyone from the bottom of my heart for what they did. They were amazing; such lovely ladies," Larissa continued." Larissa said Joy could see she was under a lot of stress and kept remarkably calm. She said: "Joy was holding Penny and was just so lovely. Such a lovely, lovely person. "I phoned my mum at this point to come over to finish off the shopping as I've got three older children who all needed feeding, but she had never done Scan & Go before so Nikki did it all for her. She was really good.  "She waited outside after her shift for the ambulance as she wanted to see that Penny was okay." Joy, Nikki and Michelle have now been nominated for Asda service superstar awards for their actions. Joy, who has worked at the Portlethen store for seven years, said: "When I first got to her Penny didn't look too bad. Her mum had stripped her off and was cooling her down with water. "But after about five minutes or so she started to drift in and out of consciousness. Her colour left her and she was incredibly pale. "At that point I said that we should ring an ambulance as Penny had a wee bit of history of having febrile convulsions. "While we were waiting for an ambulance I was comforting and reassuring Larissa and kept encouraging Penny to open her eyes and 'look at this' just to make sure she was still alert and responding to voices. "It was an eventful afternoon and it was so nice to hear that Penny got home that night and was doing okay. It was a huge relief." Store manager Martin Green said: "We are all very proud of them. "They just did what they had to do with no fuss, they just got on with it. Their actions went above and beyond and we are all glad that Penny is doing well."  