The former The One Show presenter has left his presenting days behind him since moving up north to be with his parents and run their farm during the pandemic after his mother suffered an injury. Since then, he has also filmed a series which sees him take his parents Janice and Mike on some trips around their beloved North East. On Tuesday, Matt found himself on the other side of The One Show sofa as he detailed the new series, and a clip showed the 44-year-old swearing as his caravan came loose while he tried to park it.  The clip saw Matt as he attempted to leave the caravan and his vehicle outside Bamburgh Castle. He explained, while parking: "We've been given special permission to park our caravan inside the castle walls. Frankie did say in front of the keep-" But as he tried to secure the caravan in place, it began to move. Matt swore and laughed as his mother Janice commented: "Oops, sorry!" READ MORE: 'Not going to take his Oscar!' Whoopi Goldberg defends Will Smith She added: "It's moving, it's literally moving!" as the vehicle still hadn't been secured in place. "Dad! Dad?" Matt called to his father, who was inside the caravan. "Hello?" Mike could be heard replying as Matt laughed and tried to fix the issue. Reflecting on the series and the caravan, Matt told The One Show hosts Gabby Logan and Harry Judd: "It all came from Our Farm in the Dales. "And that caravan was parked out the front of the farm, and my mum absolutely hated it. "So we dragged it around the back of the building and we did it up as a bit of a man cave for my dad to sit in, so he could sit and take photos of the birds and all that kind of stuff. "And anyway, when we thought we'd go off around the North East and do four different places - we do Bamburgh Castle, which you saw there, we do Beamish Open Air Museum, we do Durham Cathedral which isn't far away and we finish up at Hexham Races. DON'T MISS... Celebrity Bake Off viewers disgusted by Yung Filly's 'cow pat' bake [REACTION]EastEnders spoilers: Mick Carter delivers devastating news to Linda [THEORY]The Chase fans criticise 'disappointed' player's 'difficult' questions [LATEST] "But the key is, with this, they're all day trips. They're really accessible. "They're what people can go and do, it's not like a holiday of a lifetime." "So you weren't staying overnight in the caravan?" Harry asked. "We weren't staying in the caravan, no," Matt explained. "Not at all. We took it as a place for mum and dad to be safe and enjoy." "You have to really love your parents, don't you?" Gabby asked, turning to Harry. Matt continued: "We just had a wonderful time, but yeah what happened was, after our second trip away, we got hit by the storms as a lot of people up north did. "And the caravan was written off. So, at the beginning of the third episode, we go shopping to replace the caravan." Matt Baker: Travels with Mum and Dad begins on Wednesday at 9pm on More4.