Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard hosted Thursday’s Good Morning Britain with Kate Garraway joining them to read out the headlines and Vick Hope sharing the day’s showbiz news. However, ITV viewers were left focussing on Susanna’s outfit as she sported a bright multi-coloured shirt. The shirt had a mixture of vertical and horizontal stripes with a frill pattern around the buttons. Taking to Twitter to comment, some viewers compared the shirt to a stick of rock while others begged her to change outfit. @hollylouiseKSA ordered: “SUSANNA PLEASE CHANGE YOUR SHIRT... YOUR BLINDING ME.” @SpookTooSoon tweeted: “Susanna? Cleethorpes want their deckchair back #gmb #megges.” Read more: Reeves blasts oil giant 'They've more money they know what to do with' “Susanna looks like a sticker rock this morning  #gmb,” @MonaghanCalum added. @SICKRABBIT67 wrote: “OMG - who dressed Susanna Reid on GMB this morning - Bertie Basset?” “Aw look at my Susanna she like a yummy little fruit salad #gmb,” @domain_harry added. @KeithCornell13 shared: “Susanna absolutely love the top this morning looks like lovely.” During the show, Susanna poked fun at her brightly coloured attire. After Vick detailed the day’s showbiz news, Ben commented on her choice of outfit. Susanna said: “Vick, lovely to see you as ever thank you very much.” “Top collaring as well,” Ben remarked. “There’s been some collar jealousy from Kate.” DON'T MISSGMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is [INSIGHT]Ranvir Singh forced to leave GMB after 'worst ever' hay fever reaction [VIDEO]Jane Seymour condemns Will Smith 'There's no reason to punch anybody!' [INTERVIEW] Susanna added: “Giving Kate Garraway’s collars a run for their money.” “It’s a lot of collar. I’m a cross between a Victorian gentleman and a clown and I’m here for it," Vick replied. “I’ve got a little bit of that going on,” Susanna joked. “A little bit of clown colours.” “Can’t beat a bit of bright colour,” her co-host commented. Meanwhile, Susanna presented Wednesday’s GMB alone for the first hour in a presenting shake-up. The presenter had been joined by Richard Madeley earlier in the week but he was missing from the week’s third instalment. The reason for the absence was explained when Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis joined Susanna at 7am for a two-hour cost of living special. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.