Rachael Blackmore has fired a warning to the rest of the field as punters back Honeysuckle for further Cheltenham glory. Blackmore surged to fame last year as she became the first female jockey to win the Champion Hurdle aboard Honeysuckle and was also crowned the Festival’s leading jockey after finishing with six winners. The 32-year-old followed up her success with a stellar win at the Grand National aboard Minella Times. The Irishwoman, who was voted BBC World Sport Star in December, has warned punters that her brilliant mare Honeysuckle is in pole position to win again. In fact, Blackmore sees no reason why it cannot happen. “To win a Champion Hurdle on Honeysuckle was such a pinnacle for me. That was absolutely massive,” Blackmore told The Metro. “It’s a great help when something like that happens on the Tuesday as it takes a bit of pressure off for the rest of the week. "We’ll be trying our best to do it again. Honeysuckle has never let me down to this day, so I can’t see why this year will be any different.” JUST IN: Jockey is left even more red-faced after being banned for celebration Honeysuckle is the favourite to successfully defend her Champion Hurdle crown today. Unbeaten in 14 starts after winning her third Hatton’s Grace and her third Irish Champion Hurdle already this season, Blackmore clearly has confidence in her mare. Blackmore is also looking forward to riding Bob Olinger, who claimed a dominant victory in last year’s Ballymore Novices’ Hurdle. The seven-year-old has not been as impressive in two starts over fences but Blackmore is expecting a return to form in the Turners Novices’ Chase. DON'T MISSQueen was labelled an ‘old dear’ and almost turned away from a horse sHistoric racecourse ditches Prince Andrew in latest blowBob Champion was diagnosed with cancer in two body parts “I’ve been extremely happy with him,” Blackmore added. “I think his jumping is improving the whole time, he’s a horse with a serious engine and one I’m very lucky to ride. It was an incredible feeling riding him last year. There’s not too many out there with an engine like him.” Blackmore will also be hoping A Plus Tard, who was her pick in the Gold Cup at Cheltenham 2021, can reverse the form. Last year A Plus Tard was runner-up to winning stablemate Minella Indo.