Barcelona have agreed a deal to sign one of Spain’s most exciting new talents as Xavi Hernandez looks to build towards the future at Camp Nou. The Blaugrana have stolen a march on their Clasico rivals Real Madrid to snap up highly-rated starlet Pablo Torre from Racing Santander. The youngster has agreed personal terms with the Catalan giants after a personal intervention from Xavi to convince the Spain Under-19 international to join them. Torre shares the same representative as the Barca head coach and, according to Marca, his influence on the player's decision was the decisive factor in choosing Catalonia over Madrid. Barca are now in advanced negotiations with Racing to finalise a fee, believed to be below his release clause, which stands at €10million (£8.3m). According to publication Sport, the attacking midfielder 'already has the Barca shirt' with an announcement likely to be made on Friday. Torre is then expected to head back to Racing on loan for the remainder of the season as part of the agreement. JUST IN: Raiola 'tells Barcelona they must also sign second client' The Primera Division RFEF outfit are attempting to win promotion back to the Segunda Liga, the second tier of Spanish football, and Torre is regarded as a key player in the first-team setup. It marks a sizeable coup for Barcelona to beat Real Madrid to the signing of Torre, who had also caught the eye of scouts from Arsenal and AC Milan. There are echoes of the deal that saw Pedri move from Las Palmas to join Barca at the age of 17, with the Canary Island native turning down Madrid on that occasion too at the age of 17. While inevitable comparisons will be drawn between the pair, Torre is thought to be more of an attacking player than Pedri. MUST READMan Utd receive transfer boost as Araujo contract offer beats BarcaBarcelona in 'Dembele contract twist' amid Man Utd and Chelsea linksBarcelona eyeing Man Utd summer raid on top of signing Chelsea duo The playmaker is built in the style of club legend Andres Iniesta, with a dribbling style similar to Eden Hazard, and his arrival points to an exciting future for the club after letting Lionel Messi leave over the summer. Barca have been active in the transfer market since Xavi returned to the club as head coach under president Joan Laporta. The Spaniard sanctioned a £55m deal to sign Ferran Torres from Manchester City and pulled off a coup by agreeing a free transfer for Arsenal outcast Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. He also secured the loan signing of Adama Traore to bring the pacy winger back to Camp Nou after spending eight years in England with Aston Villa, Middlesbrough and Wolves. Xavi also brought his close friend Dani Alves, now 38, back to the club on a short-term deal as he looks to restore the club’s values from his time as a player. There has been a clear shift in the club’s transfer strategy, with Xavi targeting homegrown players to build a Spanish-based squad. Barca have increased their reliance on young players under the current boss, with midfield talents Pedri, 19, establishing himself as a first-team regular and Gavi, 17, contributing with intermittent cameos. But it appears the club are keen to secure a marquee signing this summer as well, with Xavi has reportedly flying out to meet Erling Haaland for talks over a £68m move.