Paris Saint-Germain star Neymar has been accused of hardly training and turning up almost drunk amid a series of uninspiring performances. The Brazil international has found the back of the net just five times all season despite being regarded as one of the best forwards in the world. Neymar moved to the Parc des Princes in 2017 after PSG shelled out a world-record £200million to prise him away from Barcelona. The 30-year-old has subsequently helped his side win the Ligue 1 title on three occasions, as well as three French Cups and two French League Cups. And he has racked up 92 goals for the club. Last summer, he was joined in Paris by former Barcelona team-mate Lionel Messi after the Argentine was forced to call time on his Nou Camp career due to the club’s well-publicised financial problems. And with a strike force of Neymar, Messi and France international Kylian Mbappe, PSG were widely tipped to challenge for Champions League glory. But the Parisians suffered bitter disappointment earlier this month after they blew a two-goal aggregate lead to succumb to Real Madrid in the last-16 of the competition. Neymar struggled to assert his authority during the second leg at the Bernabeu Stadium and is barely lighting up Ligue 1 either. And on Sunday, he was part of the PSG team which whimpered to a 3-0 defeat at Monaco. MUST READ: Newcastle join Arsenal, Spurs and Man Utd in race for Victor Osimhen   Things are clearly not going well for Neymar at PSG this season, although he at least looks likely to get his hands on another league title as his side are 12 points clear of second-placed Marseille. But league titles are the bare minimum in Paris - and the success will barely register. Neymar is contracted to PSG until 2025, but the club could be willing to cash in on him if they can find a willing suitor. The Brazilian’s reported behaviour clearly isn’t synonymous of a player who wants to stay where he is. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message       According to RMC Sport, Neymar hardly trains anymore and arrives in a lamentable state, to the limit of being drunk. And there are even suggestions the ace wants to seek revenge on his employers and is ruining the club. PSG’s mega-rich owners have thrown enormous sums of cash at their pursuit of success and have built a formidable squad. But it’s not paying off with success in the Champions League. Club chiefs are said to be running out of patience with Neymar and have reportedly offered him out to a number of clubs in a bid to recoup most of the huge free they paid for him. PSG face big changes this summer with Kylian Mbappe's future also uncertain. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 