In recent months, only fully vaccinated Britons have been permitted to enter Spain for the purposes of tourism. However, a new update has granted new allowances for entry for those who have not received one or both of their coronavirus jabs. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) issued new advice for Britons on February 28, 2022. Under the new guidance, unvaccinated UK arrivals are able to enter Spain if they can prove they have had and recovered from COVID-19 in the previous six months. The FCDO explains: "If you’re travelling to Spain for tourism purposes, are not fully vaccinated but have recovered from prior COVID-19 infection in the last six months, you can use the UK proof of COVID-19 recovery record or a recovery certificate issued by a relevant health authority or medical service to certify your COVID-19 status. "At least 11 days must have passed since your first positive COVID-19 nucleic acid amplification test - NAAT (PCR or similar) or rapid antigen test." READ MORE: TfL fare rise: How ticket prices have increased in the last 10 years The recovery record or certificate is valid for 180 days from the date of the positive test. According to the FCDO, a recovery record must include the following information: DON'T MISS‘Avoid!’ British expat favourite Benidorm slammed [COMMENT]Spain sees ‘property boom’ as expats urged the ‘time is now’ to sell [REPORT]British tourist warning of ‘whopping’ extra cost at airport [INSIGHT] Documentary proof of the diagnostic test from which the recovery certificate is derived. All other unvaccinated Britons can only visit Spain if they meet one of the "exemptions" as set out by the Spanish Ministry of Health. This includes EU citizens, those accompanying a family member who is an EU citizen and residents of Spain. However, in such situations, additional testing and documentation may be required to meet exemption criteria. Aside from people who can meet the new Covid recovery specification, all other arrivals must be able to show valid proof of being fully vaccinated. The FCDO states this includes either "with both doses of a two-dose vaccine or one dose of a one-dose vaccine". This course of inoculation must have been completed 14 days prior to arrival in Spain. However, if you completed your course of vaccination more than 270 days prior to travel to Spain, you must be able to show proof of having received a booster jab. See the latest Covid vaccine stats below and visit InYourArea for all the Covid vaccine latest The FCDO adds: "There is no requirement for 14 days to have passed between receiving your booster jab and entering Spain. Booster jabs can be administered at any time prior to travel to Spain." Spain is accepting the UK's proof of vaccination. Vaccine and testing requirements do not apply to children under the age of 17. Young people aged between 12 and 17 can enter Spain by presenting documentation certifying that they have undertaken a COVID-19 nucleic acid amplification test - NAAT (PCR or similar) within 72 hours prior to arrival in Spain. They may also show evidence of being fully vaccinated. All arrivals, regardless of their vaccination status or reason for travel, must complete an online Health Control Form no more than 48 hours before travel.