Fronted by Gordon Ramsay, the BBC’s Future Food Stars will see 12 hopeful contestants compete for his financial backing as they take part in a number of challenges over several weeks. The young culinary contenders aim to make a success of their very own food and drink businesses with the aid of chef Gordon. Not shying away from the programme’s similarities to Lord Sugar’s The Apprentice, the potty-mouthed cook said the show could ruffle some feathers with the 75-year-old business mogul. The show's first episode will see the Future Food Star contestants head to Cornwall with the task of running food shacks on the beach. Speaking about the show, Gordon began: "It's a food and drink lifestyle business show. "So fingers crossed, it's going to rub Alan Sugar's feathers the wrong way. “I think I've lost a customer there,” he joked before bluntly adding: “Who gives a f**k?” READ MORE:'He LAUGHED at the joke!' Eamonn Holmes blasts Will Smith Despite hitting out at Lord Sugar, Gordon claimed he enjoyed the business-style reality show. He added to Radio Times and other media: “But all jokes apart, I'm a big fan of The Apprentice." Furthermore, Gordon’s BBC programme will see contestants eliminated weekly before the TV chef awards £150,000 of his own money to the entrepreneur who proves they have what it takes to transform the food and drink scene. According to an official synopsis, it reads: "Gordon’s always been at the cutting edge of the food industry, and he's prepared to put his money where his mouth is by backing the winner with an investment to take their idea to the next level." Known for his regular dropping of the F-bomb, the restauranteur has reportedly toned down his use of profanities. According to an inside source, the show would feature a “healthy amount” of swearing from Gordon without overdoing it. A TV insider said: “We were promised the chef would be doing what he does best, inspiring, mentoring, challenging and cooking, with a healthy dollop of swearing. “Gordon was very much toned down on Bank Balance and it was stilted and uncomfortable, not at all the sweary star that everyone loves. But it sounded like he’d learnt his lesson,” they added to The Mirror. In a teaser trailer released by the BBC, viewers see a group of young hopefuls cooking up some of the most challenging dishes. Gordon is seen telling one of the competitors: “You’ve over-seasoned it and you know that.” He adds: “Unbelievable,” before throwing up on the grass. Tensions hit boiling point amongst the youngsters when one of the competing chefs is seen telling another: “Go away!”  “Every challenge, I need to see you stepping up,” the TV host shouts. The 41-second teaser promises BBC audiences drama, high-pressured situations and the critical yet comical, direction of chef Ramsay. He also challenges them to take a 10-metre high jump off a cliff to prove commitment to the cause. The presenter wonders: “Who has what it takes to survive?” Gordon Ramsay's Future Food Stars airs on Thursday, March 31, at 9pm on BBC One. 