Manchester United forward Anthony Martial’s future is unclear as Sevilla reportedly have a new striker on their summer transfer shortlist. Martial has joined the Spanish club on loan until the end of the season and might have hoped for the deal to be made permanent. The Frenchman appeared to have a public falling out with interim boss Ralf Rangnick before departing Old Trafford. Rangnick claimed Martial had refused to be involved in the matchday squad for the club’s Premier League clash with Aston Villa in January. Martial strongly refuted that he had made himself unavailable and Rangnick later said that the pair’s relationship had been resolved in private. But the 26-year-old soon departed for Sevilla. A loan to Spain was agreed but Martial’s time at Sevilla has not gone entirely to plan. He has scored just one goal in eight appearances for Julen Lopetegui’s side.   JUST IN: Liverpool can sign five cheap forwards to replace Divock Origi Martial is yet to find the net in La Liga, with his only goal coming in the Europa League. He was sensationally jeered and whistled by Sevilla fans after being substituted in Sunday’s goalless draw with Real Sociedad. And the France international’s future appears to be in limbo as Sevilla have been linked with another new striker. According to Estadio Deportivo, the Rojiblancos are interested in Blackburn’s Chilean hotshot Ben Brereton Diaz. Brereton Diaz’s stock has risen dramatically since being called up by Chile for the 2021 Copa America. He has since become one of the most prolific strikers in England.   DON'T MISS...Man Utd 'open-minded' as decision-makers lock horns over new managerPaul Pogba could be ideal for Arsenal but Arteta won't pursue dealArsenal's £220m transfer shortlist as Mikel Arteta and Edu decide move The 22-year-old has scored 20 goals for Championship Blackburn this season. In January, he was linked with an incredible move to Barcelona. Barca ended up signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, though, with Brereton Diaz remaining in England’s second tier. An ankle ligament injury has kept him sidelined since mid-February. For Martial, Sevilla courting other options suggests that his spell at the club could be a short one. He will seemingly return to Old Trafford in the summer unclear about where his future lies.    That United are yet to appoint a permanent head coach will present even more difficulties for a player who was once the most expensive teenager in world football. Ajax boss Erik ten Hag and Paris Saint-Germain’s Mauricio Pochettino appear to be the favourites. It could be the case that either Ten Hag or Pochettino would want Martial in their team. Pochettino’s Tottenham were frequently linked with the star before the Argentine’s departure in 2019.  But Martial could instead choose to leave Old Trafford. It would end a seven-year spell.