Those born on or before September 26, 1955 could get between £100 and £300 to help pay heating bills. This is known as a Winter Fuel Payment and could prove particularly useful, amid the rising cost of living. Aside from date of birth, a person must have also lived in the UK for at least one day during what is known as the “qualifying week” to be eligible. For this cycle of payments, the qualifying week was September 20 to 26, 2021. Those who did not live in the UK during this time may still get the payment, but both of the following must apply: READ MORE: State pension age is rising - and the way it increases is changing However, those living in Cyprus, France, Gibraltar, Greece, Malta, Portugal or Spain cannot receive the payment. This is because the average winter temperature in these countries is higher than the warmest region of the UK. How much a person gets from the Winter Fuel Payment is entirely dependent on their circumstances during the qualifying week. Any money they get is tax-free and does not impact other benefits or payments. DON'T MISSBritons with less than £16K in savings could be entitled to hundreds [INSIGHT]NatWest mobile banking down as thousands of reports flood in [LATEST]DWP claimants could get £231 thanks to PIP replacement [EXPLAINED] Those born on or before September 26, 1941 are likely to be entitled to a higher sum. It will also depend on whether someone lives alone, or is in receipt of certain benefits such as Pension Credit or Income Support. A full breakdown is available through the Government’s website. Most people will get a Winter Fuel Payment automatically, however, some will have to claim. This is especially the case if a person does not receive the state pension, or lives abroad. The deadline to make a claim for this year is March 31, 2022 - mere weeks away. Those who need to make a claim for a Winter Fuel Payment can do so via phone or by post. If a person is claiming by phone, they should have the following details to hand: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Claiming for the first time by post should be straightforward, but the forms a person needs depend on where they live. UK residents should fill in a Winter Fuel Payment claim form for those living in the UK. There is a specific form for those living in an EEA country or Switzerland, and individuals will need to also fill out what is known as an IPCF091 form. Britons should be aware payments cannot be made into an NS&I account unless other benefits are already paid here.