Roger Graef has died aged 85, with Channel 4 making the announcement on behalf of his family. The BAFTA award-winning producer and writer had a successful career in both the US and UK, making films on a wide range of social justice topics. Roger died peacefully surrounded by his family, Channel 4 said. Alex Mahon, chief executive of Channel 4, said Roger was "one of broadcasting’s most original and influential documentary film-makers". According to Alex, Roger believed in Channel 4 and was "committed to creativity and risk-taking in cinema, comedy, documentaries and current affairs". He continued: "Beyond his contribution to Channel 4, his extensive legacy of documentaries has helped to inform and change people’s views on some of the most challenging aspects of British society and its private and public institutions." "Roger was a delight to chat to, to be pushed and provoked by and his love for television and culture shone through in every conversation. "He once said that he wanted his epitaph to be that he made a difference. Without doubt, Roger did exactly that." Roger was born in New York in 1936 before moving to the UK in 1962. He got his British citizenship in 1992, after 30 years in the UK. Roger was known for his documentaries including One Of Them is Brett, State Of The Nation: A Law In The Making, and Police. He also made over 30 documentaries on the police and judicial system in the UK. As well as creating documentaries, he also directed a number of TV specials including the first three Amnesty International Comedy Galas, which aired between 1976 and 1979. He directed the first Secret Policeman's Ball and co-produced the first Comic Relief with Richard Curtis in 1985. DON'T MISS... Charlene White defended by Loose Women co-star amid backlash [COMMENT] Martin Kemp 'waits for wife to go to sleep' before enjoying hobby [INSIGHT] Singer FKA Twigs bares all in totally see-through dress at NME Awards [PICTURES] He visited as a professor at Oxford University, wrote for a selection of UK publications, and contributed to BBC's Radio 4 and Radio 5 Live. In 1982, he became a founding Board member of Channel 4 and was also on the Board of Trustees of the Media Standards Trust. Many have taken to social media to pay their respects to the late director, including BBC's Katie Razzal. She penned on Twitter: "In amongst all the news, this might not get the prominence it deserves, but the acclaimed documentary maker Roger Graef has died. "He was a legend who made so many incredible films, including his ground-breaking 'fly on the wall' 'A Complaint of Rape'." She continued: "He will be remembered by so many in the industry who knew him well & by all those others who may not know his name but remember his programmes that shone a spotlight into many of the dark corners of life RIP." Ian Katz, the Chief Content Officer at Channel 4 tweeted: "A wonderful tornado of energy, passion and principle who did much to shape the early Channel 4. "He knew and cared more about the British justice system than anyone I ever met."