In contrast, bad cholesterol is known as low-density lipoprotein. This forms as plaque in the arteries and results in increased blood pressure and increased risk of heart disease. As a result, an individual needs as much good cholesterol and as little bad cholesterol as possible. The diet is very often the most effective way of increasing or decreasing levels of cholesterol. READ MORE: How many paracetamols are dangerous according to experts This is why what a person eats is so important. A new study, published in the International Journal of Obesity, has been looking into whether milk can have an impact on cholesterol levels. The results showed that milk did not have a detrimental impact on cholesterol. They concluded that those who drank milk regularly had lower levels of both good and bad cholesterol.  Furthermore, the results found those who regularly drank milk had a 14 percent lower risk of coronary heart disease. Professor Vimal Karani of Reading University said: “We found that among participants with a genetic variation that we associated with higher milk intake, they had higher BMI, body fat, but importantly had lower levels of good and bad cholesterol. “We also found that those with the genetic variation had a significantly lower risk of coronary heart disease. “All of this suggests that reducing the intake of milk might not be necessary for preventing cardiovascular diseases”. While milk is neutral with regard to its impact on cholesterol levels, the same cannot be said for other food. The NHS suggests that to lower cholesterol foods that should be consumed include oily fish, brown rice, bread, pasta, nuts, seeds, fruits and vegetables. On the other hand, they recommend avoiding meat pies, sausages, fatty meat, butter, lard, ghee, cream, hard cheese, cakes, biscuits, and food that contains coconut or palm oil. Furthermore, the NHS recommends at least two and a half hours of exercise per week. As well as exercising other lifestyle measures can be taken in order to reduce the risk of high cholesterol. This includes quitting smoking and cutting down on alcohol. If lifestyle and dietary changes work, medication may also be used. For more information on high cholesterol contact the NHS or consult with your GP. 