Joining Roger Johnson on the iconic BBC Breakfast sofa as a guest presenter, Victoria Fritz sat comfortably as she co-hosted Sunday's (March 27) morning show. The stand-in broadcaster was quick to call out BBC West Coast Correspondent Sophie Long when it cut back to the London studio after her glamorous Oscar coverage segment stating it looked like she was updating her 'showreel'. Victoria has been with the BBC since 2008 and over her years at the company has popped up now and then to present the main show or one company's many programmes. Looking at home on the show, the presenting duo cut to a prerecorded item from Sophie ahead of the 2022 Oscars. The Oscars take place on March 27, and during the short US broadcast, Sophie spoke to several nominated stars. Concluding her item, she said: "When people take to the stage this year to collect their golden statuettes, acceptance speeches are likely to strike a more sombre tone. Read More: Question of Sport viewers in uproar over choice of guests 'Not even athletes!' "But the show will go on. Celebration of an art form that offers an avenue of escape when arguably the world has never needed one more." She wore a black dress with a black sequined blazer over the top as she held an oscar for her closing statement. The pair jested that the star was ready to walk the Oscar carpet herself back in the studio. Richard said: "She's not letting go of that little Oscar thing, is she?" Laughing, Victoria replied: "I think that piece to camera is going in the showreel. "The hair, the statue. I know your game, Sophie." BBC Breakfast's coverage of the Oscars was not for everyone, with a few fans tweeting annoyance at its coverage. Chris Richards said: The #Oscars don't celebrate great films anymore. DON’T MISS…Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [LATEST]'Danger will be exposed': Anthony Bridgerton shows 'emotional vulnerability' in season 2 [LATEST]The Last Kingdom’s Finan star admits Netflix series ‘has affected my life in many ways’ [LATEST] "It's an exercise in box-ticking where everything is noticed apart from talent #talkingmovies #BBCBreakfast." (sic) Ken Chisholm added: "Don't you get sick of presenters who refer to "British hopes.." for an OSCAR? "Personally I don't give a fig if Olivia Coleman or Dame Judy get an award and find a bunch of millionaire film stars giving each other prizes quite distasteful. #bbcbreakfast #SkyNews." (sic) The 2022 instalment of the global awards show will mark the 94th Oscar celebration. With covid restrictions lifting and protocols changing the event is likely to be on it's way to how it was pre-pandemic. Some of the big nominations include Netflix's Power of the Dog which stars UK talent Benedict Cumberbatch, Belfast, which showcases a lot of UK crew and actors and King Richard, starring Will Smith. All eyes will be on the red carpet, with the Oscars known for actors and creatives going all out in elaborate outfits. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays at 6am on BBC One.