  Stand-up comedian Seann Walsh has spoken about everyone “overreacting” to his kiss with Strictly’s Katya Jones in a trailer for his new comedy show on YouTube which will be released this month. The kiss the pair exchanged was the main source of controversy during series 16 of Strictly, as Katya was married and Seann had a girlfriend at the time.       Seann, 36, has posted a trailer for his new show that will be released on YouTube at the end of the month, which is provocatively titled, Kiss. The comedian sent out a tweet today to promote the new show in view of his 104,700 fans. He captioned the tweet: “Remember when I went on that dance show? “Seann Walsh • Kiss • March 27th • YouTube.” READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update      In the video, Seann shares a number of critical reviews and tweets that have been aimed at him ever since the infamous moment he was caught kissing the Russian dancer while they were both in serious relationships. Katya was married to fellow Strictly pro dancer Neil Jones, while Seann was dating girlfriend Rebecca Humphries at the time. One tweet from that time that Seann shared read: “Seann Walsh could quite possibly be the most unfunny t**t that ever lived.” While another read: “Anyone who feels the need to stick an extra letter at the end of their name is usually a plank.”      The star also included a quote from a GQ magazine review which stated: “I’d like to live the rest of my life without another thought to him and his wandering wand.” The next clip sees Seann back on stage in front of a full audience as he makes his controversial quip. In a nonchalant tone, he told the audience: “Three years since Strictly Come Dancing.” “I think I can say it now. I think you overreacted,” he added, as laughs rang through the crowd. READ MORE... ‘Putin is laughing' Piers Morgan slams ‘pathetically spineless’ Europe [NEWS] Martin Kemp health: Star, 60, on medication for 'rest of his life' [UPDATE] Mark Labbett 'jealous' over Anne Hegerty's big announcement [NEWS]     Seann was a popular contestant on BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing back in 2018, but the tide immediately turned when photos of him kissing Katya emerged and the pair were forced to apologise to the Nation on morning TV. The comedian was voted off in week six after falling out of favour with the public and his actress girlfriend Rebecca split from him that same month. It was later reported that Katya and her husband Neil had also split, although they never specified the reason for the break-up. In the summer of 2019 they released a joint statement which said: “Hi everyone. As our fans and loyal supporters you are really important to us and so we wanted to let you know some news.      “After 11 years we have made the mutual decision to separate. We will always love each other, just in a different way as friends. “This will never change what a great team we make and we are really proud of everything we have achieved together. "Our shared love of dance means we will keep working and dancing together as well as exploring individual projects. No matter what we do we will always support and respect each other. "We wish one another every happiness and we will remain the best of friends. We are really looking forward to getting back to the ballroom and can't wait to keep on dancing. Lots of love from us both xx.”   