The Paramount Plus spin-off is expected to make its highly anticipated return to screens this week with a second instalment. However, the legendary Star Trek Picard star Patrick Stewart lifted the lid on major change fans can expect this season.  Star Trek Picard first landed on the screens in 2020 and dared to explore the retired Admiral Jean-Luc Picard's twilight years. The series took viewers back to the end of the 24th century and 18 years after the events of ‘Star Trek: Nemesis’. After the major success of the first season, it was announced the series had been renewed with Patrick Stewart set to reprise his iconic role. Ahead of its release, the actor unveiled a major change with his character Picard in the upcoming season two. READ MORE: The Rookie faces backlash as viewers complain over change to series Speaking to TVLine, Stewart revealed: “You will see things in Season two which will be unexpected and surprising, and it will be romantic. “I don’t get to do much romance in my career, and so it’s very, very nice at the age of 81 that I get to play scenes like that with wonderful actors like Orla Brady, who plays Laris.” Although Stark Trek had a focus on space exploration, aliens and discovering new civilisation, the series also often explored romance. While the actor feels as though he may not get as many romantic scenes in his career, his character Picard has had a number of run-ins with potential love interests.  The Starfleet Captain experienced romance during his tenure on the Enterprise which included Vash (Jennifer Hetrick), then the empathic metamorph Kamala (Famke Janssen) who was promised to someone else. In Star Trek: The Next Generation Picard and Nella Daren (Wendy Hughes)bonded over their shared love of music. He also experienced romance with Beverly Crusher (Gates McFadden) which the show’s executive producer Akiva Goldsman agreed: “I definitely would consider Beverly Crusher a past love.” In a separate interview with ComicBook.com, the 81-year-old actor spoke more on the romantic theme of season two and teased there would be “romance of a different nature”.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? [THEORY]How to watch Star Trek Picard season 2 after network shake-up [INSIGHT]Why did Harry Treadaway leave Star Trek Picard as Narek? [INSIGHT] Stewart revealed: “Well, what immediately comes to mind is romance of a very different nature and quality than it might have been in Star Trek: The Next Generation. “When really, I had a succession of dates but this has developed much more in season two.” While he didn’t reveal who his latest love interest could be, viewers can expect to see the return of his close friend Guinan (Whoopi Goldberg). Stewart invited her back to the Star Trek universe, during his appearance on The View, a talk show which the actress hosts, and thankfully she said yes.  In the trailer for the upcoming instalment, Guinan could be seen telling Picard: “Your answers are not in the stars, they never have been... I believe you have one final frontier yet to come.” With season two returning this week, viewers can expect to see 10 brand new episodes of Picard’s latest adventures. Thankfully for fans, a third season was confirmed and is currently in production, which could hint at a release this time next year. Viewers will have to stay tuned to see what awaits the captain and with whom his romance will reach new heights. Star Trek Picard is available to watch Thursdays on Paramount+ in the USA and Fridays on Amazon Prime Video in the UK. 