 Sir Patrick returns to screen as the lead in Star Trek: Picard, which premieres today on Paramount+. The new season of the Star Trek spin-off sees Picard travel with his crew to the 21st century in the hope of reversing the devastating fate of the galaxy.  On the series Sir Patrick, who is an executive producer, said: “You will see things in season two, which will be unexpected and surprising, and it will be romantic.   “I don’t get to do much romance in my career and so it’s very very nice at the age of 81 that I get to play scenes like that with wonderful actors like Orla Brady, who plays Laris.” Joining Orla and Sir Patrick is a star studded cast that includes Whoopi Goldberg, Jeri Ryan and Alison Pill. Sir Patrick has a career spanning six decades and in that time he has been nominated for Olivier, Tony, Golden Globe and Emmy awards, among others. The 81-year-old, who was knighted by the Queen for services to acting in 2010, rarely shies away from sharing his views on controversial topics. Read More: Prince Harry's discomfort evident opposite 'in her element' Meghan   In January 2020, the month Harry and Meghan announced they would be quitting the Firm, Sir Patrick threw his support behind the Sussexes. Speaking on CBS News Sir Patrick said: “I am actually very proud of what they have been doing. “It must have taken a great deal of courage and the future is unknown for them.” The actor was asked about the royal news to promote the first season of Star Trek: Picard.  When asked if he was following the situation, he continued: “Following it? I’m very much involved in it actually, because people don’t know what lies behind this thing that has been happening and I happen to. “The fact is, we’ve made them an offer to appear on Star Trek: Picard and they have roles to play.” Of course, the star later clarified he was joking. Harry and Meghan endured a tumultuous relationship with the Royal Family during their time in The Firm, the rift widening since their decision to step down. Don't Miss:Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results[OPINION]Kate Middleton’s emotional ‘isolation’ admission[INSIGHT]Queen’s abdication message to Archbishop of Canterbury[ANALYSIS]  The initial move caused much controversy, while their subsequent high-profile television interviews have exacerbated the tensions between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family. In particular, Meghan and Harry made a number of explosive claims about royal life in a two hour CBS interview with Oprah in March 2021. Now residing in California, Meghan has not returned to the UK since the couple left the Royal Family, while Harry has visited just twice for the funeral of Prince Philip and to unveil a statue of his late mother, Princess Diana. Last week, the pair appeared in person to accept a top accolade at the 53rd annual NAACP Image awards, held by the National Association for the Advancement of Coloured People.  The Sussexes were awarded the President’s Award, which recognises special achievement and distinguished public service. While accepting the award, Harry said: “I think it’s safe to say I come from a very different background to my incredible wife, yet our lives were brought together for a reason. “We share a commitment to a life of service, a responsibility to confront injustice and a belief that the most overlooked are often the most important to listen to.”  Meghan then added: “I couldn’t be prouder that we’re doing this work together. “We are so deeply humbled to be here in the company of such illustrious awardees.” Watch Star Trek: Picard, starring Sir Patrick, from today on Paramount+.