Britain publicly announced the raft of new restrictions against a whole range of entities and individuals deemed to be “fuelling (Vladimir) Putin’s war machine”. Those cited also included the Wagner Group, a paramilitary organisation seen as Vladimir Putin's "private army".  The exact number was unclear, with a notice from the Foreign Office saying 59 entries had been added to the list, while Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said 65 new sanctions had been announced. But the make-up of those newly targeted - following the likes of Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich - made fascinating reading. They included the glamorous stepdaughter of Putin’s loyal foreign Secretary Lavrov, who joins a string of Russian ‘oligarchs, businesses and hired thugs’ to be targeted. Imperial College London graduate Polina Kovaleva, 26, who lives in a luxury £4million home in Kensington has had all her UK assets frozen. Ms Kovaleva, who also studied at Loughborough University, became the latest target by the British government in its ongoing crackdown on the assets of Putin’s extended allies. She is known to have gone to a private boarding school in Bristol before gaining a first-class degree in economics with politics at Loughborough University and later completing a masters in economics and strategy for business at Imperial College London. She went on to work for Gazprom, the Russian energy giant, where she helped with mergers and acquisitions and later worked at Glencore, the mining company. Before buying her own home, she lived in Holland Park, west London, in an apartment in a townhouse that is owned by the Russian embassy. Records show that the nearby Ukrainian embassy alleged Russia had wrongly claimed ownership of the property. Miss Kovaleva now lives in an apartment, which Land Registry documents state she purchased for £4.4million with no mortgage in 2016, when she was 21. It is in a block just off the upmarket address that is Kensington High Street. But It is still not known who paid for the flat. She shares the apartment with a man, believed to be her boyfriend, who also has a 10 percent stake in the investment company she now runs.  The property is part of an award-winning development offering a swimming pool, gym, spa, cinema, golf simulator, games room and views across Kensington and Holland Park. Her mother is reported to be Svetlana Polyakova, 51, a powerful member of the Russian Foreign Ministry who accompanies Lavrov on every foreign trip and has had a relationship with him since the early 2000s. It is rumoured that she is Lavrov’s unofficial wife. The British Foreign Office said targeting her and the others announced today ‘sends a strong signal that those benefiting from an association of those responsible for Russian aggression are in scope of our sanctions’. In practice, the sanctions will prevent UK nationals and businesses from "dealing with any funds or economic resources which are owned, held or controlled by them".  The restrictions will also prevent money from being provided to Ms Kovaleva and those others on the list, or being provided for her benefit. Also sanctioned today was Putin's 'private army', the Wagner Group, which has been accused of trying to assassinate Volodymyr Zelensky and other senior Ukrainian politicians. The list of those newly being sanctioned further included billionaire oil tycoon Eugene Shvidler, founder of Tinkoff bank Oleg Tinkov and Herman Gref, the CEO of Russia’s largest bank Sberbank, the Foreign Office said. Russian Railways and the defence company Kronshtadt, the main producer of Russian drones, also found itself on the list. Announcing the new sanctions, foreign secretary Ms Truss said: “These oligarchs, businesses and hired thugs are complicit in the murder of innocent civilians and it is right that they pay the price. Putin should be under no illusions – we are united with our allies and will keep tightening the screw on the Russian economy to help ensure he fails in Ukraine. There will be no let-up.  “All those sanctioned today will have their assets in the UK frozen which means no UK citizen or company can do business with them, and individuals subject to travel bans are also prohibited from travelling to or from the UK.” And she added: “The provisions brought in by the Economic Crime Act have streamlined the previous legislation so the UK can respond even more swiftly and effectively to the current crisis. “The government will continue to tighten the screw and use sanctions to degrade the Russian economy on a scale that the Kremlin, or any major economy, has never seen before. “The UK has led the international sanctions effort, cutting off whole sectors of the Russian economy by targeting its defence companies, its trade and transport sector, and working with allies to exclude Russia from the Swift financial system. "Today’s sanctions will bring the total global asset value of the banks the UK has sanctioned since the invasion to £500billion and the net worth of the oligarchs and family members in excess of £150billion." 