The Royal Family paid tribute to the late Duke of Edinburgh on Tuesday at a memorial held at Westminister Abbey. The Queen joined the family, after speculation as to whether her ongoing health problems would prevent her attendance. One family member not in attendance is the Duke's grandson, Prince Harry and the confirmation of his absence has been the cause of controversy. Neither the Duke nor the Duchess of Sussex released any statement ahead of the memorial service. Veteran royal photographer Arthur Edwards lashed out at the Duke of Sussex during an interview with Sky News. Mr Edwards told presenter Kay Burley Prince Harry "should be here". He went on to say how he should be there "whether he brings his wife [Meghan] or not, it doesn't matter". The reason noted as to why Prince Harry chose not to attend was the Duke's security concerns for his family, which have led him to launch a case against the Home Office. READ MORE: Prince Philip memorial LIVE: Prince Andrew back in the fold as he leaves WITH the Queen Mr Edwards referred to the reason as an "excuse" and added: "The security here is incredible, I can't tell you. "He should be here." During the interview, the veteran photographer mentioned Prince Andrew's attendance and said: "He is on the list." He replied "of course" when asked by host Kay Burley if he thought the Duke of York should attend. READ MORE: Queen would be ‘hurt’ if more countries left Commonwealth – ‘it's close to her heart’ Nearly 2000 guests were in attendance at the service in Central London. The service was being held nearly a year after the Duke of Edinburgh's death. Prince Harry is in a dispute with the British Government over security concerns and has previous stated his fears numerous times. Harry has previously said it would be unsafe for him and his family to return to the UK, without police protection officers. DON'T MISS 'You think they're scroungers?' Brit erupts at Royal Family [VIDEO]Ukrainians forced to drink sewage water as Russian atrocities exposed [INTERVIEW]Royal Family LIVE: Kate and William tipped to 'take control' [LIVE BLOG] Due to Prince Philip's funeral being held during the third lockdown, just 30 mourners were allowed to attend. The funeral was held on April 17 2021 at St George's Chapel in Windsor. Prince Harry returned to England for the funeral but flew home to California the following day.