It was revealed on Friday afternoon that P&O cruises had sacked 800 of its workers without warning, with many being told being told via a Zoom call. After facing serious backlash over their actions, P&O revealed it was their "last resort" to save the business. Alex Booker aired his frustrations with the company during Friday night's Last Leg after his brother was one of the employees who were fired after 21 years with the business. Host Adam Hills introduced the topic and said: "@Brekkietweets said '#isitok that @POFerries don't want Putin getting #D**kOfTheYear award to be a foregone conclusion?'. "Yeah, if you don't know this one, P&O basically fired 800 people by playing them a pre-recorded message on a Zoom call. "Many of the staff were actually onboard ships at the time, and the weird thing is Alex has got a personal connection to this." Alex began: "Yeah, my brother was sadly one of the people who lost his job yesterday, he was on a night shift, he works as a chef, right. READ MORE: Matt Lucas and David Walliams blasted for ‘outdated’ Comic Relief skit "He was on the night shift, he got woken up after doing his shift, and they said 'Come downstairs', and after being woken up after his night shift he got told 21 years he had been there, done. "Just done and not only that basically, you have to leave, get off the ship right now your career with us is done, get off the ship, it is disgusting. "It shouldn't be legal, and to make matters worse, when they escorted people off the ship who had lost their jobs, they had new workers waiting in minibuses to go on, which is just..." Adam interrupted Alex to add in a piece of crucial information: "Who were cheaper right?" "Yeah, it's abhorrent," Alex agreed. He went on to joke: "It's got me worried for me and Josh [Widdecombe] because I saw Rosie Jones and Rob Beckett outside in a car." Adam turned to guest Ria Lina and said: "You worked on P&O Cruises, haven't you?" She confirmed and said: "I worked as an entertainer, but as you may know, a lot of them are staffed, especially below deck. "So when I was walking above deck, people wouldn't know and be like 'excuse me, you haven't cleaned my room yet,' and I did I went into all their rooms but just to steal stuff," she joked. DON'T MISS...Adam Hills pays tribute to Shane Warne with sweet gesture [INSIGHT]The Last Leg guest sparks fury as she compares Jimmy Carr to Putin [LATEST]Adam Hills feared MBE would be taken away after Prince Andrew jokes [WATCH] As the news broke about the redundancies that were made for the 800 staff members, P&O put out a statement explaining their decision. The statement, which was released on Facebook, read: "Today we've announced changed to provide a better service to our customers. "While we make these changes, many of our services will not be running over the next few days. "We apologise for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience during this time. We look forward to welcoming you back to P&O Ferries shortly." (sic) Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng has reportedly written to the ferry operator's chief executive demanding answers to P&O Ferries' handling of the redundancies. His letter to boss Peter Hebblethwaite said the company "appears to have failed" to follow the correct procedures for making large-scale employee cuts. The letter says failure to notify is "a criminal offence and can lead to an unlimited fine". Workers have spoken of their "utter dismay" after hearing the news and of feeling abandoned by the company. The Last Leg airs Friday at 9pm on Channel 4.