 The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge met with teaching students at Shortwood Teachers’ College in Kingston, Jamaica. The Kensington Royal Twitter account followed up the day in a post which said: “Supporting early childhood development is critical to societies right around the world.   “Here in Jamaica, it is an important priority and it was fantastic to meet the next generation of early years professionals at Shortwood Teacher’s College this morning.” Royal correspondent Richard Palmer noted the Duke was “charming the children” on the trip to a school attached to the college. The Prince met a young girl called Natalia who was celebrating her birthday after school. William introduced himself and tried to relax the shy girl by asking her about her birthday.    Natalia was wearing a tiara and birthday badge and William said: “I heard Natalia that you are going to have a party today” as he gestured to her birthday badge. He continued: “What kind of party are you going to have? How many candles are you going to have? She gestured 10 with her fingers to which William responded: “10! You’re going to have 10 candles and what kind of cake are you going to have? Do you like chocolate?” The pupil replied “yeah” before sitting back down. Royal fans took to Twitter to gush over the Prince talking to the children at the school with one saying: “Aw he is so great with kids!! And how adorable is that little girl wearing a tiara.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton is 'confident' on tour while William is 'more cautious'  Another said: “Love this! It takes special people to stay engaged with children this young, it’s not easy! Well done Prince William.” One fan compared William’s kindness to that of his late mother Princess Diana saying: “He is his mother’s son. So sweet.” The Duchess gave her first speech of the Caribbean royal tour at the teaching college and praised the work of early years development, an issue close to her heart since she entered the Firm. The Duchess praised the teachers for working “at the frontline of this vital work” and for playing “a crucial role in shaping our societies by positively impacting the futures of literally thousands of young people over the course of your careers". DON'T MISS:POLL: Is Commonwealth waiting for Queen to die to oust royals? (POLL)Ryanair customer shares luggage hack - save £50 (INSIGHT)Brundle noticed alarming Verstappen behaviour during Bahrain GP (REACTION)  She continued: “The foresight Shortwood had to establish this Early Childhood Education programme was recognition that the early years is fundamental to a child’s journey through life. “When I see the passion, commitment, and enthusiasm on display here at Shortwood, I feel optimistic about what we can all achieve together. Royal supporter Rachel West defended the royal couple after they were met with protests during their tour over “unresolved issues”, saying: “You guys don’t deserve the criticism you are getting! Keep up all the good work you do. Fantastic asset to the UK and Commonwealth.” 