Escalating the war after finding tough opposition from Ukrainians, his army began to use dirtier tactics, shelling Kharkiv – Ukraine’s second largest city – with rockets and cluster munitions, and in doing so likely committing war crimes. With Russia’s onslaught across Ukraine, the body count has climbed fast. Despite Russia’s belligerent foreign minister Sergei Lavrov saying last Friday that “nobody is going to attack the people of Ukraine”, Russian troops are now inflicting large numbers of casualties. The victims’ stories are tragic. In Kyiv, a young girl named as Polina and her parents came under Russian fire and were killed, while in coastal Mariupol medics tried to save a six-year-old girl in unicorn pyjamas wounded by Russian shelling. A doctor in scrubs wept, saying: “Show this to Putin: the eyes of this child, and crying doctors.” -------------------------- Even as the world united in condemnation of the Russian military actions, the tyrant’s intransigence grew. Five-hour long “peace” talks in Belarus failed to stabilise the situation but will continue later this week. Inevitably, this dreadful conflict is leading to a vast refugee crisis. The UN said that more than half a million refugees have now fled Ukraine for neighbouring countries. Britain announced it would take in an extra 100,000 Ukrainian refugees, while the EU offered refugees the right to stay for three years. This dreadful situation has brought the free world together in condemnation of Russian aggression. And as part of increasingly punitive measures, Britain confirmed it was sending more arms to Ukraine including the Next Generation Light Anti-tank Weapons (NLAW). -------------------------- For the first time in its history the EU announced that it would fund weapons for Ukraine including fighter jets, and economic sanctions are beginning to bite with the rouble taking a dive and interest rates in Russia now at a stinging 20 percent. This will be a tough week. President Putin, showing no sign of backing down, talked of the West’s “empire of lies” and let it be known that the country’s nuclear arsenal was on “alert”. As the exemplary Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said, “Every crime, every shelling by the occupiers bring our partners and us even closer.” We will continue to act in consort with our friends and allies – and keep our faith that the murderous regime headed by the odious Putin must fall.