Charlene, Princess of Monaco, 44, has returned to Monaco amid her health battle, it emerged last week. The Princess Consort, who is married to the Sovereign Prince Albert II, has been receiving medical treatment in Switzerland. However, the former Olympic swimmer is now back in Monaco after her four-month stay at a Swiss clinic, the Palace has confirmed. Charlene, who was raised in South Africa, was deemed fit enough to return home after doctors said her recovery was “encouraging”. The Princess’ began her treatment after she returned to Monaco from South Africa in November. Initially slated as a 10-day visit to the African nation, Charlene’s visit turned into a six month stay. A series of medical complications, including an ear, nose and throat infection, prevented her from going home. Upon arrival back in Monaco, she was soon admitted to a facility in Switzerland to be treated for “exhaustion”. However, details of her condition have been kept under wraps. JUST IN: Prince William pays sweet tribute to Prince Harry in reminder of ‘happy family day’ Against the backdrop of Charlene’s health woes, a royal expert has given her blunt response to the situation. Brittani Barger, the deputy editor of Royal Central, called for clarity from the Monaco Royal Family in an interview with Express.co.uk. She said: “There are so many questions that I don’t know if we’ll ever get the answers to because of how private the Princely Palace is. “Of course, that is going to lead to more rumours and speculation about all kinds of different things – marriage, mental health. “So, in all honesty, it would probably be best if the Princely Palace came out and was honest and said, ‘This is exactly what happened. She is getting treatment for this’. “And then, let it go at that, end the speculation.” The expert referred to Albert’s interview with People magazine in November in which he revealed Charlene had started receiving treatment. Speaking to his favoured publication, the Prince disclosed that his wife had been suffering from “emotional and physical exhaustion”. Albert said Charlene’s return to Monaco “went pretty well in the first few hours, and then it became pretty evident that she was unwell”. Less than a week earlier, Charlene had pulled out of Monaco’s National Day celebrations because of “profound general fatigue”. DON'T MISS: Camilla health fears as 'struggling' Duchess forced to pull out of planned Cheltenham trip [LATEST]Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Camilla's rift exposed as Duchess left 'miffed' by snub [ANALYSIS] It came after she had collapsed in public in South Africa and was rushed to hospital in the city of Durban. The princess was not well enough to fly after her ear, nose and throat infection and several corrective surgeries in the country. Ms Barger insisted that, although Albert’s interview with People gave some details, it still left major questions unanswered. She said: “Prince Albert’s discussion with People magazine gave a few details, but it was still mysterious. “Physical and mental health, but he asked for privacy and vowed it was nothing to do with their marriage. “But I think if they would just be more open and come out and say what was going on, that would answer so many questions that everyone has. “It’s not just people in Monaco. This has gotten to where it’s a global thing.” Albert, who has two children with Charlene, Prince Jacques and Princess Gabriella, addressed his marriage during the interview. He said: “I'm probably going to say this several times, but this has nothing to do with our relationship. “I want to make that very clear. These are not problems within our relationship; not with the relationship between a husband and wife. It's of a different nature.”