Kate Middleton and Prince William have shared video footage on social media diving into the second largest barrier reef in the world in Belize. The video of them diving into the water surrounded by sharks has impressed many royal fans and commentators alike.  Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to offer her analysis. She said: “This is such powerful footage, watching an heir to the throne and his wife apparently diving in among sharks, highlighting the campaign about climate change while looking calm, relaxed and also undeniably romantic as they do so. “Using body language to communicate with one another, Kate and William look fearless here as they swim about the barrier reef. “Kate uses an ‘OK’ hand signs and then some other specific gesticulation to show they must have had training and preparation to get this right. READ MORE: Kate Middleton dons Alexander McQueen in rare trousers outfit “But their very relaxed body language as they swim shows they are as entranced as the people watching this video. “The ending had been made to look romantic too. “The couple emerge at the surface close up and almost face-to-face, suggesting they had swum up there together and possibly hand-in-hand.” The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the second largest barrier reef in the world while on their royal tour of Belize.  In stunning footage shared by the royals, Kate and William swam 300 metres down to the coral reef on the weekend. Kate was wearing a wetsuit from O'Neill's Reactor range that costs £64.95. In the video, William said: "It's really fantastic to see the underwater environment here in Belize and the wonderful work they've been doing to protect the coral and the fish life. "Belize's work on marine protection is world-leading which is crucial when you're protecting the world's second-largest barrier reef.  "In fact, it's a UNESCO world heritage site. "It's clear to see that Belizeans value their environment whether it's the marine environment or the land environment. "It's great to see that their commitments are going further and further and we should support them and value their efforts to protect both the marine and the land environments." In a tweet accompanying the post, it was noted that the effects of climate change "are evident".  They also said the government of Belize and communities "deserve huge recognition" for committing to protect 30 percent of its marine environment by 2030. Kate and William have since said goodbye to Belize after experiencing the nation's heritage, Maya culture and dance with the locals. They were waved off by a group of dignitaries after being given a red-carpet farewell with a guard of honour present. The next stop of their Caribbean tour will take them to Jamaica where later they will visit Trench Town, the Kingston neighbourhood where reggae great Bob Marley grew up. 