Kelly Piquet has been in a relationship with Formula 1 2021 winner Max Verstappen for two years, and despite being one of the most glamorous couples in the world, they still struggle to cope with cruel internet trolls. Kelly said "vicious" rumours had affected her deeply. Kelly opened up on Instagram about the devastation it causes her and Max when they are harassed online. In a post last month, the 33-year-old wrote: “In a world, there is constant hate thrown around for no reason, which as anyone will know -is bound to take its toll. “There are now far too many vicious things circulating that are utterly unacceptable. I’d like to remind people that I am still a human being and have my rights. “Circulating rumours, photoshopping images, spreading hate, fabricating completely false stories and messaging friends and family will never be acceptable.” Kelly concluded: “Please rethink before you write and engage in this. Everything has repercussions.” The abuse came as Max’s win against Lewis Hamilton in December sparked controversy, with some branding it unfair. But Kelly’s fans rushed to her defence as she was caught in the crossfire. Chiesa_SZN wrote: “Kelly Piquet is probably the most uninvolved person in the situation why are people going after her?  “If it’s purely because of her association to Max then these people need to find better things to do with their time.” Sam added: “Nah man I feel bad for them, they don't deserve some of the extreme hate and abuse they get, doesn't matter how much we hate max or think he unfairly won the title, like tbf to him it wasn't really his fault he won that way?” Another user named Sandra explained a doctored photo had falsely proclaimed to show Kelly holding hands with another man - but sleuths deduced the original picture had come from Pinterest. Netflix has welcomed back Formula 1: Drive to Survive for a fourth outing and the new series covers the 2021 World Championships.  DON'T MISS... Demi Rose puts on jaw-dropping display as she spills out of top [PHOTOS]Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update [UPDATE]  Both old and new racers open up in candid interviews about their experiences on and off the track. But one star who does not appear is Max. This is because he opted not to be a part of the series, telling Associated Press: "They faked a few rivalries which they don't really exist. "So I decided to not be a part of it and did not give any more interviews after that because then there is nothing you can show."   At the time he was referring to an alleged argument with Daniel Ricciardo. He said he did not like the way the show had depicted some of the situations in past seasons. The track star added: "I want facts and things that really happen."