Sheridan Smith's weight loss journey has been one that fans have followed for years, with many left inspired. The actor dropped an impressive two stone in just 10 weeks back in 2019. Posting the update to Instagram, her followers were astonished with her transformation. Sharing two black and white photos, she showed off her visibly slimmer face as she beamed to the camera. She wrote: "I’m not one for weight loss regimes as I think everyone should be comfortable in their own skin. READ MORE: Nadia Sawalha weight loss: Diet secret that 'doesn't cost a penny' "But comparing today’s pic to day one of rehearsals... "I have lost two stone!" Rushing to the comments section, many applauded her for her efforts, while others asked what she did to achieve her goals. At the time, she was starring in her latest West End show Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, where she played the Narrator. DON'T MISS...Dr Michael Mosley: 'Absolutely vital' micronutrient for weight loss [HEALTH NEWS]Mark Labbett weight loss: How The Chase star dropped 10 stone [PICS]Susanna Reid weight loss: GMB star follows a few very simple tricks [DIET TIPS] The role included the most singing lines of any character in the musical. The show was also full of carefully choreographed dance routines, which helped the talented actress shed the pounds. According to Healthline, experts have credited the incredible health benefits of dance and how it could help people wanting to lose weight with fat loss. Like most forms of aerobic or cardio exercise, dancing has many health benefits, including weight loss. Jumping around is great for burning a good number of calories and it can also increase your muscle strength, too. By building lean muscle mass and toning your muscles, it will help burn fat. Dancing is known to raise your heart-rate and has been found to improve blood flow, contribute to a stronger immune system and reduce stress. The longer you can withstand dancing around, your stamina will increase, meaning individuals can exercise for longer each time. It also helps with maintaining strong bones, improving posture and increasing balance and co-ordination. The NHS stated that there has been evidence that regular dancing can improve heart health in older people.