White vinegar is one of the handiest household items to have around - not just for cooking, it doubles up well as a very effective household cleaner. This kitchen cupboard staple can work on even the toughest household problems like limescale. Also known as hard water stains, mineral deposits, and mineral buildup, limescale is a chalky white residue that forms around areas that commonly come into contact with water. Homeowners are therefore likely to find limescale around taps, toilets, inside their kettle and on shower heads. But the toilet is perhaps one of the worst of these - not only does it see a lot of use, but it has standing water in it almost constantly. Now, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared an “easy” hack for cleaning toilets. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning influencer with over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own groups on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and advice. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean toilet bowls ridden with limescale. READ MORE: ‘It really works’: Using coffee can cover scratches on furniture Elizabeth Edmunds wrote: “Can you share your cleaning tips for a toilet with lots of limescale please? “It’s driving me insane, I clean my toilet it looks nice and white and two days later it’s covered in limescale. “I’ve actually tried scraping it with a knife, but it’s so hard, I don’t know what to do.” The toilet is an area of the home that requires regular cleaning, as residue and enzymes quickly accumulate on the toilet surface, leaving unattractive discoloured stains - as well as generally being unhygienic. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [TIPS]House prices map: 10 regions see valuations soar across the UK [INSIGHT]Gardening: The ‘ideal’ spot to plant your potatoes in spring [EXPERT] Luckily, over 600 Mrs Hinch fans responded to Elizabeth’s post with clever cleaning tips and tricks to remove toilet bowl limescale. The most popular solution was to use white vinegar. Kirsty McCann said: “I get most of the water down plunger style, then pour some white vinegar onto the areas of limescale. “You’ll the limescale immediately dissolve in seconds.” Hollie Temperton commented: “I had the same problem with mine, I emptied as much of the water using an old bleach bottle and then left white vinegar in the bowl. “Using the white vinegar made it so easy to scrub the limescale off using my toilet brush.” Jamie White wrote: “Mine looked the same as yours when I first moved in. I literally poured half a bottle of white vinegar down the bowl and a few minutes later the limescale was gone. Now I use it every few nights to keep the toilet squeaky clean.” Rebekah Jane agreed: “White vinegar is amazing, it’s so easy to clean the toilet with.” Acids, such as white vinegar, help to break down stains and mineral deposits, making it perfect to clean toilet bowls with. White vinegar can also act as a disinfectant as it can destroy lots of different bacteria and viruses. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using dishwasher tablets to remove limescale from toilet bowls. Charlotte Allen said: “A dishwasher tablet works amazing.” Judy Foster added: “Use a single dishwasher tablet and leave overnight, then in the morning any signs of limescale will be gone.”