Liverpool’s hopes of winning the Champions League have been boosted after a good omen emerged following Friday’s quarter-final draw. The Reds are through to the final eight having beaten Inter Milan across two legs in the last-16.   Jurgen Klopp’s side prevailed despite a 1-0 defeat by the Serie A champions at Anfield a week ago. They won 2-1 on aggregate thanks to a 2-0 victory in Italy. Liverpool have drawn Benfica in the last eight. Should they get past the Portuguese giants, a semi-final tie against either Villarreal or Bayern Munich will await them. And an omen has emerged that could boost Klopp’s hopes of guiding the club to a second Champions League trophy under his management. Liverpool have reached the final of the competition under Klopp in 2018 and 2019 – winning the latter clash with Tottenham.   JUST IN: Man Utd given Ronaldo worry by Juventus chief after plans emerge The Anfield outfit have twice played Benfica in the Champions League quarter-finals. They went on to win the tournament on both occasions, as pointed out by club statistician Ged Rea. Liverpool defeated Benfica 6-2 on aggregate in the 1977-78 European Cup last-eight. They went on to beat Brugge 1-0 in the final thanks to Kenny Dalglish’s goal at Wembley Stadium. They met Benfica again six years later. A 5-1 aggregate victory helped them beyond the Primera Division side before they defeated Roma in the final at the Stadio Olimpico – winning on penalties.   DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte hits out at Arteta over Arsenal fixture complaintLiverpool told to sign £50m star who Man Utd made have made top targetMan City boss Pep Guardiola's blunt two-word reply to Haaland question Klopp is excited ahead of the trip to Portugal, with the two legs set to take place on April 5 and 18. However, the Liverpool boss has warned it would be a mistake to call his side favourites. “Really looking forward to it. It’s a quarter-final so a tough one. Benfica did obviously really well against Ajax and that’s the situation. I know people will say we are the favourites and stuff like this, but that’s already the first mistake you could make,” Klopp said on Friday. “We are too long in the business now to make these kinds of mistakes. I’m just really looking forward to it. I respect a lot what they are doing there, it’s a massive club. I don’t think I ever played there, to be 100 per cent honest. “Lisbon, a great city, on top of that – I spent my last week off on holiday [before taking the Liverpool job], I got the call from Mike Gordon in Lisbon. So that’s a nice memory as well; I was sitting in an outside coffee bar, I got the call and we made the decision actually in Lisbon.”   