Ruth Langsford has admitted her stepson once bought her a mug which read “Big b***h” as a gift. The Loose Women presenter quipped she didn’t know “what he's talking about” in a new video about the present. Ruth was speaking about a new competition she’s involved with for Mother’s Day. She said: “They’re asking you to say why your mum is a hun and I’m absolutely loving these comments. “They’re so lovely and funny!” Ruth went on to read out one fan’s entry who said their mum attached portable fans to the treadmill when they’re walking.  The presenter admitted there’s “nothing wrong” with this as she wondered what her family might say. She continued: “It does make me think what would my family say about me if asked? “All I can say is that my stepson bought me this mug and it says, ‘big b***h’. “I don’t know what he’s talking about,” she added in the video for Hunsnet.  Ruth was speaking as part of the promotion with her event Feeling Fabulous With Ruth. As a result, she is working with the brand to give away tickets for the show. Ruth is step-mum to Eamonn Holmes’ three children. He shares Declan, Rebecca and Niall with his first wife Gabrielle Holmes. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast [INSIGHT]'We know different!' Cornwall local Fern Britton on Gordon Ramsay jibe [INTERVIEW]'Epidemic of offence' Carol McGiffin laments old days of Loose Women [INSIGHT]   They began dating back in 1996 but kept their relationship secret for a time. This is because he was separated from Gabrielle before their divorce in 2005. They have one son together, Jack Alexander Holmes, who was born in 2002. Ruth recently celebrated a weekend away in Manchester for her 62nd birthday. However, Jack also made a surprise appearance at the event. Posting on Instagram last week, she shared some clips of her girls' trip to the Ru Paul song Birthday Song.  In the video, viewers could see Jack helping his mum blow out candles. Alongside this, Ruth wrote: "SO many of my friends are Pisces girls so we decided to celebrate together with a weekend in wonderful Manchester this year. "Also had a surprise pop in from our son Jack! “Thanks @liztayloruk for organising, @hungrywomancooks for being my partner in crime always @slattery_cakes for the AMAZING birthday cake @mollysophie2 @fireflymcr for a fabulous lunch. “We missed you @lizziecundy." 