People build up a state pension through their National Insurance contributions. It is split into two tiers depending on a person’s age - the basic state pension and the new state pension. The basic state pension is for men born before April 6, 1951 and women born before April 6, 1953. The new state pension is for men born on or after April 6, 1951 and women born on or after April 6, 1953. As it relates to the state pension, there are specific rules about whether the sum can be inherited. When someone dies, in many cases they will want to see a provision for those they leave behind. READ MORE: Universal Credit and PIP payment dates to change next month Certain individuals might be able to inherit an extra payment on top of their new state pension if they are widowed. The Government states the Additional state pension could be inherited if a marriage or civil partnership started before April 6, 2016. One of the following must also apply: DON'T MISSPension Credit: DWP urged to pay out £3,000 payment ‘automatically’ [INSIGHT]PIP claimants 'could lose Warm Home Discount in change to DWP rules' [UPDATE]State pension alert: Grandparents could boost sum by £2,340 [ANALYSIS] The extra Additional state pension will be paid out with the beneficiary’s state pension. In other cases, people could also inherit what is known as a protected payment. The Government states: “You’ll inherit half of your partner’s protected payment if your marriage or civil partnership with them began before April 6, 2016.” The partner must either have their state pension age on or after April 6, 2016, or have died on or after this date. The new state pension is based on a person’s own National Insurance record. Those who paid married women’s or widows’ reduced rate National Insurance could be able to increase their new state pension. However, they will need to check their eligibility to do so via the Government’s website. Finally, some individuals will be able to inherit part or all of their partner’s extra state pension or lump sum. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This will be the case if a person died while they were deferring the state pension - before a claim - or started claiming it after deferring. The individual must have reached state pension age before April 6, 2016. The couple must have also been married or in the civil partnership when one of them died. Individuals will not be able to inherit anything if they remarry or form a new civil partnership before they reach state pension age.