Antonio Conte's Tottenham team are on a strange run of form at the moment, with fans going into every game unsure on how well they will fare. Having been knocked out of the FA Cup in midweek, all of Conte's focus is now on the Premier League with just 13 games left in the season. And with an out-of-sorts Everton side coming to the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the Italian boss will likely keep the same side that he has used in recent weeks in a bid to go home with all three points. Express Sport takes a look at their expected XI.  Goalkeeper: Lloris Hugo Lloris continues to be the mainstay between the sticks in north London having joined the club almost ten years ago. The Frenchman has mostly produced consistent performances, although there have been a few less-than satisfactory outings this season. He has made 403 appearances for the Lilywhites since his move from Lyon in 2012, and the Nice-born star knows the club inside out. And with Pierluigi Gollini yet to displace him, Lloris will more than likely keep his place.  Defence: Romero, Dier, Davies The defensive trio have endured a topsy-turvy couple of weeks at the back under Conte. Having largely kept Manchester City at bay two weeks ago in the superb 3-2 win at the Etihad, they then produced a poor performance at Burnley in a 1-0 loss. They avenged that by keeping Leeds' fast-flowing attack out in the 4-0 win at Elland Road last week, before falling 1-0 to Middlesbrough in true Tottenham fashion in midweek. Conte will be likely to field the same defence again for the visit of the Toffees in the hope of keeping a clean sheet against Frank Lampard's failing attack.  Midfield: Doherty, Højbjerg, Winks, Sessegnon Matt Doherty and Ryan Sessegnon's careers seemed to be floundering early on in the season with the arrival of Emerson Royal alongside the good form shown by Sergio Reguilon. But Royal's poor start to life in the capital has seen him dropped in favour of Doherty, who is a man revitalised under Conte. And Sessegnon's slow start to life after his well-documented move from Fulham as a teenager is starting to pick up the pace with more impressive performances recently. The wing duo will play either side of Conte's favoured partnership of Harry Winks and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, given that Rodrigo Bentancur is out with an injury sustained at Burnley last week.  Attack: Kulusevski, Kane, Son Dejan Kulusevski has been a revelation since his move from Juventus on deadline day. With Lucas Moura out, the Swede has fit seamlessly into their free-flowing attack with contributions in front of goal. He will be joined by star man Harry Kane, who has started to exude the brilliant performances expected of him after a slow start to the season. And South Korean winger Son Heung-min will complete the lineup. 