Mercedes superstar Lewis Hamilton is arguably the greatest and most successful Formula 1 driver in history - and he has the net worth to back it up. The Brit has won a remarkable seven world titles, level with German racing icon Michael Schumacher for the most all time. In 2021, Hamilton became the first F1 driver to surpass 100 Grands Prix wins in his career while he also holds the record for the most wins and pole positions in the sport’s history. The 37-year-old set the tone for his legendary F1 career in 2007, coming agonisingly close to winning the world championship in his rookie season. Hamilton led the Drivers’ Championship heading into the final race of the season in Brazil, ahead of teammate and reigning two-time world champion Fernando Alonso. A technical issue on lap two derailed Hamilton’s race and pushed him to the back of the field, and Ferrari’s Kimi Raikkonen took advantage to claim his first title. JUST IN: Bernie Ecclestone in Vladimir Putin warning to F1 after cancellation Hamilton made amends in 2008, although it was in perhaps the most dramatic circumstances. In the wet at Interlagos, he passed Timo Clock on the final corner of the last lap to beat Felipe Massa to the title by a single point. In 2012, Hamilton decided to leave McLaren and join Mercedes from the 2013 season, altering the history of motorsport. Since joining the Silver Arrows, Hamilton has won six world championships while the German manufacturers have secured eight straight Constructors’ Championship. Hamilton came agonisingly close to winning a record eighth world title in 2021 but fell to Red Bull star Max Verstappen in dramatic and incredibly controversial scenes at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. DON'T MISSVerstappen says Masi was 'put in ground', makes blunt Hamilton pointHamilton ‘would have preferred Bottas to stay’ as Russell awaitsCoulthard explains how Verstappen will react after new Red Bull deal As the Brit eyes securing the elusive and historic title in 2022, Hamilton’s net worth now stands at a remarkable £217 million thanks to his incredible success - according to Celebrity Net Worth. His current contract with Mercedes, which runs until the end of the 2023 season, sees him earn an eye-watering £40m per season - level with Verstappen following the Dutchman’s bumper new deal. Hamilton puts his money and status to good use, though: he founded his charity Mission 44 in 2021. Mission 44 has they key focuses – representation, progression and empowerment. The charity has collaborated with Teach First to recruit 150 black teachers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics in England. The 37-year-old, who fuelled retirement talk after the 2021 season finished, has also formed a joint charitable collab with Mercedes titled ‘Ignite’. In addition to this, the Stevenage-born star created the Hamilton Commission in 2020. The commission aims to improve the representation of black people in UK motorsport and presented its first report - ‘Accelerating Change: Improving Representation of Black People in UK Motorsport’ - in 2021. But back on the track, Hamilton will be desperate to exact revenge on Verstappen when the new campaign gets underway. The 22-race 2022 campaign, which was set to be a record 23 races before the Russian Grand Prix was cancelled, begins with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 20.