Samantha Giles, 50, has called for the end of the Meena Jutla (played by Paige Sandhu) serial killer plot on Emmerdale. The Bernice Blackstock actress said she feels it is the right time for character to exit the show. Meena was introduced to Emmerdale in September 2020 as the estranged sister of Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker). Meena arrived at Emmerdale with intentions of reconciling with her sister. However, as the story progressed, Meena eventually went from simple scheming to better her relationship with Manpreet and David Metcalfe (Matthew Wolfenden), to a full-blown serial killer. Paige Sandhu, who plays Meena, won the award for Best Villain at the 2021 Inside Soap Awards. READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Speaking about the storyline, Samantha has now opened up about how it will soon come to its natural end. Chatting on the Wonderbirds YouTube show, she explained how she thinks that the conclusion of Meena’s story is “timely.” She said: “I know that it’s very close to coming to a head. And I think it’s probably timely [the conclusion of Meena’s storyline]. "Lots of people have said that they’ve enjoyed it, but you know, come on, it’s time for it to end.” Samantha went on to admit that she never really watched the show in her own time. The soap actress said she felt it was “terrible” that she never watched it, saying that sometimes she couldn’t find the time. She said: “You know what it’s like, it’s that time when you’re either putting the kids to bed or you’re getting dinner or whatever.” Actor Kevin Mathurin, who plays Charles Anderson on Emmerdale, told Digital Spy in February that there was still a lot more to come with the Meena plot line. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] He said: "This storyline is just plot twist after plot twist. I've read ahead and it's exciting, very exciting. "It's going to be a great crescendo to an ongoing storyline. It feels like it's never-ending, but it's worth it!” Kevin explained that he loved working alongside Paige. He said: “It was amazing. When I read the scripts, I looked forward to it and I couldn't wait to film those scenes. “It went even better than I expected, because Paige was amazing. “In the game-playing we did, I wanted to match Paige and make that scene as strong as I knew it could be. “I feel happy with what we've done. I'm looking forward to the audience seeing it.” But executive producer Jane Hudson admitted that Meena will face a “judgement day” for her actions. She said: “There will be a lasting effect on a lot of the villagers but I think within the next few months, Meena will get what's coming to her.”