The popular Starz drama is just as known for its hot and heavy sex scenes between the two leads as it is for its jaw-dropping historical intrigue and time-hopping fantasy. With another edition of Outlander just around the corner, series lead Sam Heughan admits some of the show’s more intimate moments can get a little uncomfortable. Jamie Fraser star Sam has revealed more about Vanessa Coffey’s work as an intimacy advisor on the set of Outlander season six. For the first time in the show’s history, both Sam and his co-star Caitriona Balfe have stepped up as producers to help guide their characters’ lives in America. Season six will kick off with Claire and Jamie still protecting their home from the American Revolution. Meanwhile, their daughter Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and her husband Roger (Richard Rankin) are still coming to terms with their new home in the 18th Century. READ MORE: ‘Tone deaf!’ Lorraine Kelly on Prince Andrew’s return to public life In addition to the show’s powerful historical drama, Claire and Jamie’s relationship is just as passionate and physical as it was when the series started back in 2014. Fans can still expect plenty of sex scenes between the pair in the new season, though things on set were a little different with Vanessa on board this time around. “It was a very different world when we started Outlander eight years ago,” Sam recalled in the latest RadioTimes. “Caitríona and I have obviously developed an amazing relationship and feel very comfortable with each other, but it’s also really important for other people to feel comfortable.” With a seventh season already confirmed by Starz, Sam and Caitriona will have worked with each other for the better part of a decade by the time they return to filming. Although they are much more comfortable with the Frasers’ intimate moments as they may have been when they first started, shooting sex scenes has taken a turn for the better in recent years. Most major TV and film productions now make use of an intimacy coordinator, such as Vanessa, to ensure both the actors and the crew are as relaxed as possible. While season six is expected to be just as steamy as previous entries, viewers can rest assured no one behind the scenes was made to feel uncomfortable. DON'T MISS: Discovery of Witches showrunner teases sequel series [UPDATE]Vikings Valhalla boss issued warning before signing on [INSIGHT]Manifest season 4: Major death confirmed by showrunner clue [SPOILERS] Sam continued: “We have a lot of sex; it’s part of Jamie and Claire’s relationship, the thing that binds them and the way they find their way back to each other. “[Vanessa] gave us tools to try and show that intimacy. “It was helpful to have someone there to help us navigate it as it can be quite awkward.” Their sex scenes will prove just as important as ever in the new season as Claire will still be recovering from her horrific assault when the series returns on Sunday. Caitriona confirmed Claire is on her way to recovery in season six, though fans will still glimpse a darker side of the character than they’ve seen before. The arrival of the Christies, led by patriarch Thomas (Mark Lewis Jones), a dogmatic figure from Jamie’s past, will also challenge their homestead from within its very walls. Thankfully, Jamie is always on hand for constant encouragement and support, and her vital role as Fraser’s Ridge’s healer will help her become stronger than ever. Outlander season 6 will premiere on Sunday, March 6 on Starz in the US and Starz Play in the UK.