A refugee whose case caught attention when Novak Djokovic was placed in the same detention hotel as him has finally been freed after nine years. Mehdi Ali was detained when he arrived in Australia aged just 15 and spent some of this time in Melbourne’s Park Hotel, where the world No 2 was kept for several nights in January. Djokovic had two separate stints in the Park Hotel when his visa was cancelled twice ahead of January’s Australian Open. His time in the government detention hotel shone a light on the many refugees who had been kept there for years, including Mehdi, who is now 24 and has been outspoken about his nine years locked up. When he was just 15, Mehdi – who only goes by the one name - fled persecution in Iran and arrived on Christmas Island, one of Australia’s external territories, via Indonesia. On the night before he turned 24, the eyes of the world turned onto his “cage” as Djokovic was placed in a room on the floor below. JUST IN: Murray 'killed' body in previous mistakes under 'super-coach' Lendl  Mehdi took the opportunity to share his story, telling The Guardian: “There is a disappointment: everyone wants to ask me about Novak, what the hotel is like for him. But they don’t ask about us: we have been locked up in this place for months, for years. “I’ve never seen so many cameras, so much attention. I hope Novak Djokovic learns about our situation here, and I hope he speaks about it.” And the 24-year-old got his wish, Djokovic formed a bond with him via social media and, off the back of the coverage of his plight, Medhi has now been freed after nine long years. But after being detained when he arrived in Australia in 2013, he will not be staying in the country now he is finally able to escape the hotel he called his personal “cage”. DON’T MISSATP give Zverev abuse investigation update as accuser 'not contacted'Andy Murray appoints familiar face as new coachUkrainian tennis star pays tribute to country after escaping bombs  “Tonight I am free and leaving Australia to start my life in the United States of America,” he announced via his Twitter account on Thursday. “But I won't be happy until all my friends are get released from detention. It's not freedom until we are all free. Thank you all for your support.” While he was finally able to escape, Mehdi said he felt “selfish” for enjoying the moment as many of his friends remained locked up. In a separate tweet, he wrote: “My freedom is the worst kind of freedom. I can’t be happy for long. Happiness feels selfish and wrong when my friends sleep in a detention centre with tears and sighs and wake up in detention with tears and sighs.” Just a week ago, Djokovic said he was hoping to be able to meet Mehdi one day. “As for Mehdi in particular, whom you mentioned, I know he’s active on social media as well – and I Know who he is,” he told Ana Mitric while playing in Dubai. “I’m sorry I didn’t get a chance to meet him. I hope to have the opportunity to do that some day.” The world No 2 will now hopefully be reunited with Mehdi as the 24-year-old gets his long-awaited chance at a free life.