British tourists heading to Spain’s Costa del Sol might be dreaming of sun, sand and sea. However, visitors this week were set to be disappointed as weather warnings hit the popular destination. Heavy rain and storms blasted the Costa del Sol with rainy weather set to last the week in some areas. Storms caused damage to beaches in some areas which local town halls are now working hard to repair. Nerja, a popular British destination, suffered damage to the beaches of El Chucho, El Playazo and La Torrecilla. Torrox, Torre del Mar and Torre de Benagalbón were some of the most affected areas in the region. READ MORE: Spain: Weather warning issued for tourist destinations Local authorities in Nerja were forced to close the road leading to El Playazo beach and restrict access to two other beaches. Pedestrians can still access El Playazo but authorities advise visitors not to go “to avoid risks”. Some showers and walkways have been damaged by the stormy weather and authorities are working hard to repair them before the Easter season. Yellow weather warnings remain in place on March 30 in Alicante on the Costa Blanca and in Almeria. Holidaymakers in the Canary Islands are also likely to experience wet weather this week as rain hits the popular destinations. The weather is likely to remain cloudy in some areas of the Costa del Sol over the weekend, according to Aemet, Spain’s state meteorological agency. Easter is set to be the first major holiday season in Spain since the pandemic set in over two years ago. Hoteliers in Benidorm expressed “confidence” after reporting positive booking figures for the upcoming season. Many hotels are expected to reopen in the resort for the spring period, which is likely to be busy. However, some hotels are still reeling from a trucking strike which led to shortages of essential items. The tourism industry has also been impacted by an increase in energy and fuel prices which could lead to a rise in holiday prices. Experts in Benidorm have said overnight stays could rise in price by 20 percent this year due to the crisis. British tourists are currently required to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain if they do not have a recent recovery certificate. They must also have had a booster jab if their second jab was more than 270 days ago. British teenagers aged between 12-17 can enter Spain if they are unvaccinated but will need a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. Britons do not need to take any tests or fill out a passenger locator form when they return to the UK after travel.