Queen Elizabeth II has presented her Gold Medal for Poetry to the Guyanese poet Grace Nichols at Windsor Castle. The monarch looks stunning in a white dress that is knee-length in style. The woollen dress is a new choice for the monarch who has been seen wearing blue in the last couple of appearances in Windsor Castle.  The 95-year-old has recently had coronavirus and is only undertaking light duties. She did not attend the Commonwealth Day service on Monday, March 14 for instance. For today’s appearance, Queen Elizabeth accessorised with some gorgeous white pearl necklaces and matching pearl earrings. She also appeared to be wearing a golden brooch on her left shoulder. READ MORE: Camilla's PR overturned with Palace's clever tactic The golden brooch worked perfectly with her white dress. The brooch was the Singapore Peranakan Diamond Jubilee Brooch. The piece is filigree work made of 18k gold and is in the Bird Of Paradise design. According to experts the design, worth £5,200, sold out after the piece was given to the Queen. Not only has the Queen worn the piece to carry out duties, but she has worn it for very important sentimental events too. The piece, which is made of gold, is large and round and features over 60 diamonds, was a gift from President of Singapore. Given to the Queen in 2012 for the Diamond Jubilee, it has an interesting history. Therefore, it is quite poignant that the Queen should choose to wear it In another jubilee year. Elizabeth II wore the piece for her great-granddaughter Princess Charlotte christening.  The Queen last wore the piece for Church at Sandringham in 2019. The fact Her Majesty takes the brooch to her country home with her shows it is quite the favourite. As well as to church, the Queen often wears this brooch to another favourite type of a event of hers, the horse races. She wore the piece to the Royal Windsor Cup in 2018, and has worn it to the first day of Ascot and the Epsom Derby. Interestingly, the Cheltenham races are happening today, so the brooch may be an ode to the races there.   This style of jewellery is synonymous with Peranakan Chinese people. The monarch looked very happy and cheerful when chatting to Grace Nichols. Royal fan @GertieSash tweeted: “Tremendous.”  The Peranakan Chinese people are descended from immigrants to the Peninsular Malaysia and Singapore. 