BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker has explained his choice of words regarding the conflict in Ukraine. He took to Twitter to insist that he hadn’t taken things out of context in a previous tweet after being criticised by a viewer. In a now deleted tweet, Dan had apparently referred to a “situation” in Ukraine. Viewer @JanAageFjortoft tried to correct Dan and tweeted yesterday: “Good morning, Dan! “There is a war in Ukraine. “Not a ‘situation’.” READ MORE: Joan Collins, 88, stuns in gown as she marks milestone with husband  Dan replied: “You are right… will adjust. Good morning.” He later said: “I hear you. “I meant it very differently and was talking more about the end of the Kyiv curfew but I know that words carry a lot of significance.” Dan recently revealed he has already had “difficult” conversations with his three children about the Ukraine conflict after they had seen news about it. On Monday, Dan revealed that he empathised with parents having to have tough conversations with their children after his co-star, Sally Nugent, interviewed Defence Secretary Ben Wallace regarding Putin's threat of nuclear attacks on Ukraine. He explained to Sally: “My 12-year-old was on the telephone to me after it was said because in this day and age it's all over the news.” The minister continued: “This is predominantly about Putin putting it on the table just to remind people, and remind the world, that he has a deterrent, he had a very big nuclear exercise last week which included firing missiles and showing the world he had these things. “[Putin] has reminded people he has nuclear weapons which start to set off people being worried, and secondly he's distracted [people] from what's going wrong in Ukraine. DON’T MISS:Sean Penn flies into warzone Ukraine to film doc amid bombing [LATEST]Amanda Holden, 51, appears to go braless in sultry silky blouse [REACTION] Ned Eisenberg dead: Law and Order star dies aged 65 [NEWS] “We are all talking about it and he is clearly trying to get people's attention distracted from what is going on on the ground.” The update comes after Putin declared a “full-scale” invasion of Ukraine last Thursday. There has been fighting in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv and the capital city of Kyiv. On Sunday, Ukraine’s health ministry reported on Sunday that at least 352 civilians have died. Dan, who has hosted BBC Breakfast for six years, shared with viewers that he has spoken to his children, Susanna, Jessica and Joe, about the war. The 44-year-old stressed: “Mr Wallace talking there about having conversations with his own children. “I think he said his 12-year-old rang him when Vladimir Putin was talking about nuclear weapons. “We are very much aware there are lots of people with young children watching this morning, getting ready for school, and it's difficult to have those conversations with your children.”