The UK has many incredible stately homes. With gorgeous grounds to explore and a glimpse of luxury, they’re the perfect attraction for a day trip on a UK staycation. New research from holidaycottages.co.uk has named British people’s favourite stately homes. The holiday company surveyed British people across the nation to find the most popular stately home. The winning stately home was the incredible Chatsworth House in Derbyshire, chosen by 23 percent of those surveyed. Chatsworth House is a highlight of any trip to the Peak District and offers a wide range of activities. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares secret passengers don’t know The gorgeous house and grounds have featured in Pride and Prejudice, Peaky Blinders and The Duchess. Currently closed, Chatsworth House will reopen for visitors on March 26 although shops are still open. In April, the stately home will host 12 incredible sculptures as part of an interesting collaboration with Burning Man. The UK’s second favourite stately home was Windsor Castle, which was chosen by 22 percent of Britons. A royal sanctuary, Queen Elizabeth has reportedly decided to make the castle her permanent home. The monarch used to travel to the beautiful 11th century castle on weekends. It is the world’s oldest and largest inhabited castle. British tourists who want to visit Windsor Castle this year could travel to see a special Coronation exhibition. The exhibition will run from July 7 to September 26 as part of celebrations for The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. In third place was Blenheim Palace in Oxfordshire which was voted for by 19 percent of those surveyed. The Oxfordshire estate was the birthplace of Winston Churchill and has 12,000 acres of land. A family favourite, visitors can enjoy the two mile Marlborough Maze or the Palace’s miniature train. Kensington Palace in London took fourth place and was 17 percent of Britons’ favourite stately home. The Palace is home to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and has glorious gardens and elaborate decor. Longleat House in Wiltshire was the fifth favourite stately home and was voted for by 16 percent of Britons. Renowned for its incredible drive through safari, Longleat has been occupied by 15 generations of the same family. Alnwick Castle in Northumberland was chosen by 15 percent of those surveyed and is famous as the filming location of Harry Potter. Some of the UK's best stately homes have incredible grounds, perfect for a summer day out. 