The Irish jockey, the first woman to win the Grand National, stormed to victory on Honeysuckle in the Champion Hurdle – 12 months after winning the same race behind closed doors. The glamour stakes were even higher than ever this year, with a rainbow of eye-catching fashion. Giddy racegoers weren’t taking any chances when it came to style, particularly given the balmy 59F temperatures. Bookies expect a staggering £1billion to be gambled over the four-day event and as many as 250,000 fans are set to descend on the Gloucestershire course this week. For many it’s all about standing out from the crowds whether in thigh-skimming mini skirts, elegant evening dresses or statement headgear. Some went for floaty, others for figure hugging. Some tottered on strappy sandals while others opted for knee-length boots. The Queen’s granddaughter Zara Tindall gave the festival the royal seal of approval in a jaunty hat and a blackberry-coloured suit, mingling in the crowds with husband Mike and brother Peter Phillips. Other VIPs included TV’s Richard Hammond, sporting the country gent look, with his wife Mindy. Rod Stewart was there with Penny Lancaster, who made sure jockey Frankie Dettori got carried away. Cheltenham is a highlight of the British racing calendar but never immune to world events. Yesterday’s last race was renamed the Ukraine Appeal National Hunt Chase. The racecourse, which is owned by The Jockey Club, is supporting the British Red Cross Ukraine Appeal and is encouraging racegoers to donate as well as making its own donation. Ian Renton, Cheltenham managing director, said: “Given that coverage of the festival extends far beyond the coverage racing receives on a day-to-day basis, we are keen to hand as much exposure to the invaluable work undertaken by humanitarian charities in these most desperate times.” At its peak, there are expected to be 25,000 bets per minute with more than one-in-five punters likely to be backing Blackmore to repeat her performance last year when she won six of the festival’s 28 races. Bookies may be paying out up to £450million if all the current favourites win. A spokesperson for Paddy Power revealed: “If you had a £1 accumulator bet on all the favourites running on day one in the festival, you would pocket £4,684.79. “If you carried that through to day two and all those favourites won, you’d need to reverse a horsebox up to the betting ring at Prestbury Park in order to haul home your winnings – as it would be close to £10.5million!” ITV said there were 23,000 racegoers yesterday, down from an average of 65,000 a day in previous years.