Kyiv's diplomat in Washington, Oksana Markarova, 45, said the vacuum bomb was used during air strikes. The bomb, which is also known as a thermobaric weapon is banned under the Geneva convention and draws in oxygen from the atmosphere to create an even more devastating explosion.    Ms Markarova said: "They used the vacuum bomb today, which is actually prohibited by the Geneva convention. "The devastation that Russia is trying to inflict on Ukraine is large. "But Ukrainians will resist, we are defending our home, we do not have any other option. "We will not get tired, we will not stop, we will not surrender." JUST IN: Putin's cluster bomb onslaught sparks urgent demand for 'war criminal' probe She went on to inform reporters that Ukraine was working with US President Joe Biden, 79, and his White House administration. Speaking about the consequences of Russia's invasion, Ms Markarova added: "They should pay, they should pay a heavy price." Vacuum bombs have previously been used in the Russian republic of Chechnya, Human Rights Watch has claimed. CNN also reported seeing a thermobaric rocket launcher near the Russian town of Belgorod, which is around 50miles away from the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. READ MORE: Crack team of SAS veterans to join Ukraine's fight against Russia The weapon is understood to have been developed by Moscow and Washington in the 1960s during the height of the Cold War. However, the alleged use of the weapon comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin, 69, was said to have been left "humiliated" after his troops failed to take Ukraine within the first 48 hours of his invasion. Ukraine's Ministry of Foreign Affairs also tweeted a summary of Russian losses during the current invasion. Around 4,500 Russian personnel are thought to have been killed along with the loss of 29 helicopters and an additional 29 aircraft. DON'T MISS:What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] Almost 200 Russian tanks and 291 other vehicles are said to have been lost. Putin's men appear to be ramping up their efforts after newly released satellite footage showed a Russian convoy advancing on Kyiv. The convoy is 17miles long and "contains hundreds of armoured vehicles, tanks, towed artillery and logistics support vehicles", according to Maxar Technologies.