Manchester United hero Rio Ferdinand feels his old side should appoint Thomas Tuchel over Ajax boss Erik ten Hag. The Chelsea boss has been linked with a move away from Stamford Bridge amid a turbulent time for the west London giants. And a move to their Premier League rivals has now been mooted. Manchester United are weighing up their options when it comes to their next manager. And it’s Ajax boss Ten Hag who is in pole position to take over at Old Trafford, especially after impressing during a recent interview with John Murtough and Darren Fletcher. With United also admirers of Mauricio Pochettino, Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui, reports have suggested they’ve dropped their interest in Tuchel despite the chaos engulfing Chelsea. But Ferdinand, speaking on his YouTube channel, believes the German is a ‘sitting duck’ and would love to see him take over. What’s more, he also appeared to aim a dig at the club’s owners, the Glazers, by expressing a belief Roman Abramovich would be bold and ambitious if the roles were reversed. “I’m taking Tuchel man, I don’t care,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “If the roles were reversed and Man United were there and had Tuchel as a sitting duck at our football club, we are presuming he’s a sitting duck from the reports we are hearing. “If that was the case and the roles were reversed, trust me, Roman and the empire would knock down the door. “They wouldn’t even knock down the door, they’d run round the side and take him. “Tuchel would be the one. He’s got the pedigree. “He’s shown already that he can come into this league, he’s adapted straight away, he’s won the Champions League, he can galvanise a squad, he can get them playing. “He can create a culture, create a togetherness. He’s got discipline.” DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message While United and Chelsea have a good relationship, however, any move for Tuchel is unlikely to materialise. The German has stressed he’s committed to the Blues, having taken over from Frank Lampard back in January 2021. And with three trophies to his name already, he seems to have no reason to leave. Speaking at the start of the month, after Roman Abramovich announced his decision to sell Chelsea, Tuchel made it abundantly clear what he thought about his future. "No, the opposite of a problem staying here,” he said. "I said many times that I love working in the Premier League, I love to be in England and feel the tradition and the love for sports in general and football in particular. It's an amazing place to be. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "Chelsea is, for me, the perfect fit. I love to be here, I love everything about the club and hopefully it continues. "There is uncertainty, but isn't there always for a football manager? I'm used to it on different levels. “This is quite the level, I have to be honest, but I am positive and hope things will end well." Ferdinand, meanwhile, has responded to Wayne Rooney after the United legend called him ‘arrogant’. Rooney, speaking on stage over the weekend, was happy to open up about his former team-mate. And Ferdinand has now admitted he often rowed with Rooney when they were playing together, though made it clear he was relaxed over the Derby boss’ remarks. "It was at a signing [event], some of us do these things where you go and talk to an audience,” he said. “They're quite funny, you have a few beers and you get loose lips a little bit when you're in there. "Your guard's down when you don't see the big cameras and microphones. He said a few things about a few former players, he said about me being arrogant and how we argued and he told tell me 'do your job' etc. “He's referring to when on the pitch we would argue, either in front of everyone at Old Trafford or in the training ground - me and him always argued."