Around 13 percent of people who have hypothyroidism – an underactive thyroid – also have high cholesterol, WebMD pointed out. The hormone disorder is an acquired autoimmune condition. What are the warning signs of this so-called "medical problem" to be aware of? The symptoms typically begin slowly, meaning you might not realise you have a "medical problem" for years, said the NHS. Tiredness, for instance, is a symptom of an underactive thyroid – as well as many other health conditions. An underactive thyroid could also lead to sensitivity to the cold, weight gain, constipation, and feelings of depression. The autoimmune condition, caused by the thyroid gland not producing enough hormones, can be successfully treated by taking medication. Without being addressed, however, the condition can slow down your movements and thoughts. READ MORE: High blood pressure – 'Exercises to avoid' that will raise blood pressure 'very quickly' Furthermore, it could lead to muscle aches and cramps, as well as muscle weakness. An underactive thyroid can even lead to dry and scaly skin, brittle hair and nails, as well as a loss of libido. It can also lead to pain, numbness, and a tingling sensation in the hands and fingers, as well as irregular or heavy periods. Left untreated, your risk of developing cardiovascular disease is increased. The NHS explained: "This is because having low levels of the hormone thyroxine can lead to increased levels of cholesterol in your blood." A high amount of cholesterol in the blood can be life-threatening. Not only does high cholesterol lead to heart disease, it can increase the risk of strokes and heart attacks. A doctor can arrange a thyroid function test (a type of blood test) that measures the hormones in your body. The thyroid test measures the amount of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and thyroxine (T4) in the blood. "A high level of TSH and a low level of T4 in the blood could mean you have an underactive thyroid," the NHS elaborated. "If your test results show raised TSH but normal T4, you may be at risk of developing an underactive thyroid in the future." What causes an underactive thyroid? An issue with the pituitary gland could lead to an underactive thyroid. "The pituitary gland sits at the base of the brain and regulates the thyroid," the NHS explained. Thus, damage to the pituitary gland may lead to an underactive thyroid. More commonly, the immune system attacking the thyroid gland is caused by Hashimoto's disease. Female sex hormones and genetics are thought to play a part in the development of Hashimoto's disease, said WebMD.