Boris Johnson has been put on the spot over the UK Government's willingness to deal with Saudi Arabia to secure new oil supplies despite the Saudi regime's poor human rights record. The BBC's Laura Kuenssberg told the Prime Minister: "So part of your answer to that is to work with a regime like Saudi Arabia. I mean, why are you comfortable working with a regime like that has a very questionable human rights record and you've been criticised by many people for being willing to appeal to them." Mr Johnson replied: "I've raised all those issues many, many times over the past since I was foreign secretary and beyond. And I raise them all again today. "But we have a long, long-standing relationship with this part of the world and we need to recognise the very important relationship that we have and the strength of that relationship. "Not just in hydrocarbons this is about investment in the UK over the long term, and genuinely, you should look at some of the things I mean, you talk about Saudi Arabia, they're announcing today a 1 billion pound investment in Teesside in aviation fuel in green aviation fuel, I should say. He added: "That is the kind of thing that we want to encourage doesn't in any way mean that we can't stick to our principles and raise those issues that we all care about."  Mr Johnson downplayed his chances of getting Gulf states to increase their oil production during his trip to the region. Speaking to broadcasters at the Emirates Palace hotel in Abu Dhabi, the Prime Minister said: "It's not just a question of looking at the Opec countries and what they can do to increase supply, though that is important, there's also the issue of Emirati investment in UK wind farms, already huge, what more can they do. "When we look at the dependency the West, in particular, has built up on Putin's hydrocarbons, on Putin's oil and gas, we can see what a mistake that was because he's been able to blackmail the West and hold western economies to ransom - we need independence." He said the Government would be setting out the energy strategy "next week" to include a "massive jump forward on renewables, more nuclear, using our own hydrocarbons more effectively" and sourcing fossil fuels from outside Russia.  Mr Johnson's visit has drawn criticism from lawmakers and campaigners, coming days after Saudi Arabia executed 81 men in its biggest mass execution in decades. After his interview, Mr Johnson was going on to meet the UAE's Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed before heading to Riyadh. Critics have particularly questioned the move to strengthen ties with Prince Mohammed bin Salman, with the Saudi leader implicated in the assassination of US-based journalist Jamal Khashoggi in 2018. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said "going cap in hand from dictator to dictator is not an energy strategy". Mr Johnson, who will be deputised at Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday by Justice Secretary Dominic Raab, has argued he needs to "build the widest possible coalition" to address Mr Putin's attack on Ukraine. The Prime Minister is expected to discuss the importance of allies increasing the diplomatic and economic pressure on the Kremlin while mitigating the global fallout from the war. Conservative MP Julian Lewis, who chairs Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee, called on the Government to ensure that "in seeking to lessen our dependence upon one source of oil and gas, we do not end up creating a source dependency on another unreliable and sometimes hostile regime". Mr Johnson, who travelled overnight before starting the trip in the UAE on Wednesday morning, is being joined by investment minister Lord Grimstone.