On today's episode of his self-titled Channel 5 show, Jeremy Vine heard from Jean, a pensioner in Northumberland about her feelings on the state pension. Under the triple lock policy the state pension increases every year by whichever is the highest: inflation, earnings growth, or 2.5 percent. After the Covid pandemic and end of the furlough scheme artificially increased wages, the Government decided to temporarily scrap the triple lock to avoid a costly pension rise. Instead, the pension increase is determined by a double lock mechanism this year, which means the link between pensions and wage growth has been severed for a year. Despite previously pledging to bring it back until the end of Parliament, Mr Sunak made no announcement in the Spring Statement about whether it could return - although Therese Coffey did make a commitment earlier this week. Jean said: “I have a small company pension because I worked from leaving school at 15, but my pension is £189. READ MORE: The ‘biggest ever’ Dragons’ Den deal - business sold for £12.5m in one year  Jean said she does not believe that state pension is a benefit. It is money she is getting back that she has paid in. “That is a very good point,” Mr Vine added. State pension is a regular payment made by the Government once people reach the eligible age. The pension acts as a regular income paid by the Government to people who have reached state pension age. The weekly payment amount depends on how long someone has been making National Insurance (NI) contributions, which fund pension payments. People can claim the new state pension if they have at least 10 years’ of National Insurance contributions. To determine how many years one has contributed, the Government uses qualifying years. What do you think? Join the debate in the comments section here. According to Citizen's Advice, a qualifying year is “a tax year (April to April) during which you have paid, or have been credited with enough, National Insurance Contributions (NICs) to make that year qualify towards your basic state pension". It adds: "You need 30 years of NICs or credits to be eligible for the full basic state pension." This means that people would need to have worked and paid National Insurance for 30 years in order to be eligible for basic state pension. However, people can also claim qualifying years if they have been getting NICs for things such as unemployment, sickness or as a parent or carer, or if they have been paying voluntary National Insurance contributions. The new state pension is also based on a person's National Insurance record, and they will usually need 10 qualifying years to get any new state pension. People who were contracted out before April 6, 2016 may get less than the new full state pension, while some may get more than the new full state pension if they would have had over a certain amount of Additional State Pension under the old rules. If a person doesn't have a National Insurance record before April 6, 2016, then they will need 35 qualifying years to get the new full state pension. Credits can help to fill gaps in someone’ National Insurance record, to make sure they qualify for certain benefits including the state pension. The state pension is set to increase in April against a backdrop of rising living costs which some experts fear could cancel out any gains for retirees. The Bank of England has warned inflation could hit 7.25 percent next month, just as the energy cap rises from £1,277 to £1,971 annually. Traditionally, the triple lock how much state pension is increased by, but the system has been scrapped for a year meaning older people will miss out on a larger increase. The state pension will rise by 3.1 percent next month. This means the basic state pension will increase from £137.60 to £141.85 per week (£4.25). Meanwhile, the full rate of the new state pension will rise from £179.60 to £185.15 per week (£5.55).