Prescription costs will stay frozen for the first time in 12 years to compensate for the cost-of-living crisis, the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) has confirmed. This is despite the fact a rise on April 1 was widely anticipated. Every April prices rise and one of those was expected to be NHS prescription charges. However there is a speckle of good news amongst the depressing financial headlines this week. While many predicted prescription charges would also rise, the DHSC has confirmed they will remain the same this year. Considering prescription charges have increased by more than 20 percent from £7.65 per item since 2012 this can only be good news. READ MORE: Cost of living: Pensioners urged to claim £3,000 DWP benefit More than 10 million Britons rely on prescription medication every year and many struggle to pay increasing prescription charges. Prescriptions cost £9.35 each, which works out at £112 a year if someone relies on them every month. Many people thought the charges would rise further this year adding more stress to people who are already struggling. However, Edward Argar, the minister of state for health, confirmed: “Prescription charges will not be uplifted on 1 April 2022. DON'T MISS:DWP update: All the changes coming in April for Universal Credit [UPDATE]Rishi Sunak’s National Insurance increase may impact state pension [ALERT]State pension fury as older people get £2,251 LESS income a year [WARNING] He added: “There is currently no planned announcement on any future increase. “Decisions on increases take account of a range of evidence including the Gross Domestic Product deflator.” Furthermore, there are some ways people can make even more savings on the cost of medication. Initially they should check whether they might actually qualify for Government support.  Secondly, anyone who relies on one prescription every month would make savings by investing in a Pre Payment Certificate (PPC)). A PPC lets people buy as many NHS prescriptions as they need for a set price. This certificate costs: Anyone who relies on one prescription per month would save, while an individual who relies on two could save over £100 a year. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People with certain medical conditions usually qualify for free prescriptions such as: For more information Britons should go to the NHS website. 