Bravo’s hit reality series Below Deck Sailing Yacht is well underway with season three which returned to screens in February and has since kept viewers hooked. With the chief stew Daisy Kellier making another appearance, she opened up about her past experience on the show and unveiled a secret romance.  Kelliher recalled her time onboard the choppy seas and made a surprising revelation about a potential romance. She shared, during the first night of season two, her fellow colleague Gary King confessed his attraction for her. He had also stated she was the most attractive person to him on the entire yacht and tried to strike up a romance with her off-screen. King attempted to do this by covering his mic to ensure their conversation was private and not picked up by the producers.   READ MORE: Holly Willoughby in tears watching young Ukrainian girl singing Although the producers heard King’s comments, the showrunners decided against adding the remarks into his storyline and exploring a romance with Kelliher. Speaking to Dore during an instalment of Pita Party, Kelliher revealed the two had been flirting since the first time they met. She recalled: “I think it was the first night, he came over and covered my mic and was like, ‘You’re the person I was most attracted to when I walked on the boat.’ “I was literally like, ‘Gary, I’m not going f*****g doing this b******t you know.”  Kelliher continued: “Yeah, producers did actually pick it up, but they didn’t air it, and when it did get picked up, they did hear it, you know, he tried hard by covering my mic. “And I did tell Alli as well after the show, I didn’t tell her during the show because I didn’t want it to be a storyline, I didn’t want to be involved in a big complicated mess. “It didn’t really mean anything to me but Alli did know that he had said this to me. Obviously, this is the first time we’re telling any of this to the public.” However, even though King was attracted to Kelliher he immediately hooked up with deckhand Sydney Zaruba after the crew’s first night out.  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods' Eddie star left 'in tears' for new project [INSIGHT]Below Deck's Tom Pearson sets record straight on boozy night [INSIGHT]Below Deck star Daisy Kelliher opens up on ‘traumatising’ return [INSIGHT] Despite his initial attraction to Kellier, King ended up in a huge relationship triangle with Zaruba and Alli Dore. After his hook up with Zaruba, King expressed his regret as he had already pursued Dore but although he stated it was a mistake, Zaruba had caught feelings. As a result, King and Dore ended things where they were, maintaining they were a season fling. She has since moved on, left the show and announced the birth of her child with her new partner.  While King and Kelliher didn’t take things any further in season two, they both returned for another charter season and the trailer indicated things could get steamy for them. It came as a huge shock to fans after they witnessed the two sharing a passionate kiss in a hot tub during the season three trailer. Kelliher joked about the kiss on Instagram and claimed she didn’t remember it: “I feel like that was my alternate personality, we need to name her, but that definitely wasn’t me.” She added: ”I’m really enjoying how many people’s minds are blown [about King]. No one’s mind was more blown than mine the next day, I have no recollection of that kiss.” Below Deck Sailing Yacht is available on Bravo in the USA and available on Hayu in the UK. 