Sam Heughan will be back starring as Jamie Fraser in the highly-anticipated return of Outlander later this week. The actor will be appearing in season six of the Starz hit show but has now opened up about his first interaction with the writer of the books. The series was written by American author Diana Gabaldon who wasn’t convinced by Sam at first. She reportedly first called him “grotesque” when she was shown a picture of him ahead of his audition. Sam opened up about this in a new interview, admitting he wasn’t what “she expected.” Asked about being called grotesque, he said: “She did say that. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him  “She saw a photo of younger me when I was a juvenile lead in Second World War stuff and not a Highland warrior from the 1700s. “I wasn’t the Jamie she expected, but when she saw my audition, she thought I transformed into him.” He added to the Radio Times: “You rarely get a chance to play a character like Jamie. “Those kinds of roles don’t come along all the time.”  Diana opened up about her first thoughts of Sam when she appeared on the podcast Outcasts. Speaking to actors David Berry and Tim Downie in June 2020, she opened up about this. She said: “Well, you know what he’s like, he’s a total chameleon. He changes with each show for each character. “I was thinking, ‘Well, he doesn’t look like Jamie Fraser except for a little bit around the edges.’ “On the other hand, [I thought] he looks really different, so maybe he’ll be fine and of course, he was. DON'T MISS... Julia Bradbury bids farewell to followers with important warning [INSIGHT]Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [PICTURES]Neil Jones speaks out on Strictly judging role after co-star's exit [INSIGHT]   “But that was my first reaction. I was like, ‘Are you sure?’” Diana went on to admit: “Five seconds later he was gone, and it was Jamie Fraser there. “I was astonished,” she added admitting she even clutched her chest at the footage. Sam recently attended the world premiere of season six in London last week. The star walked the red carpet with co-stars Richard Rankin and Sophie Skelton. However, his co-star Caitriona Balfe, who plays Claire Fraser, was unable to attend. She took to Twitter on Wednesday to share her apologies with her fans.  The actress wrote: “To all those saying it’s shameful I’m not there in person, I understand you’re disappointed but I also ask for some understanding as a new mom. (sic) “I’m trying to do the best I can and not being able to fly across the world like I used to is a change but we are adapting…. "I’ll be there virtually for red carpet and panel and it’s not @Outlander_STARZ’s fault … “We’re all trying to give you all the best experience we can in new and challenging circumstances.” You can read the full article in the Radio Times, available today. 