Chelsea are attracting plenty of interest from billionaires after Roman Abramovich announced he was putting the club up for sale last week. Abramovich has valued the club at £3billion with the likes of Todd Boehly, Hansjorg Wyss and Saudi Media already expressing an interest. It looks increasingly likely that several partners will be involved in any deal to buy Chelsea from Abramovich. And it's now being reported by The Athletic that Chicago Cubs owners are the latest to 'weigh up' a bid to meet Abramovich's demands. The Ricketts family is said to already have a 'working relationship' with the Raine Group, who are handling the sale of Chelsea. Chicago Cubs chairman Tom Ricketts has already made a foray into English football previously having once held a stake in Derby. JUST IN: Chelsea told to thank Frank Lampard for 'genius' thing he did  But any decision on buying Chelsea will reportedly 'be made at family level' with Joe Ricketts likely to play a key role. It's not the first time baseball owners have been attracted to owning a Premier League club with Fenway Sports Group buying Liverpool back in 2010 from George Gillett and Tom Hicks. At that point, Liverpool were in disarray with Roy Hodgson currently in charge at the time FSG bought the club. The rebuilding process began with Kenny Dalglish replacing Hodgson in January 2011, while the money from Fernando Torres' sale to Chelsea was used on Luis Suarez and Andy Carroll. DON'T MISS  While the latter failed to live up to expectations, Liverpool soon began an upward trajectory when Brendan Rodgers was hired to replace Dalglish later that summer. Jurgen Klopp's arrival in October 2015 proved to be the turning point as FSG showed their willingness to back the German head coach fully in the transfer market before winning the elusive Premier League title Liverpool had been searching for. The Reds are now perennial title contenders with FSG remaining true to their word in the transfer market. Chelsea are not where Liverpool were back in October 2010, but there are still huge concerns in the direction of the club following the success of the Abramovich era. But the Ricketts Family have had huge success owning the Chicago Cubs, namely helping the team win the World Series for the first time since 1908. They've also shown commitments in Chicago to updating the 108-year-old Wrigley Park stadium with expanded bleachers, upgraded suites and premium seating among many other upgrades to be introduced to the arena. Abramovich never followed through on his promise to build a new stadium for Chelsea with Stamford Bridge now falling behind the likes of Tottenham, Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester United for capacity. No two owners in football are the same, but the Ricketts Family and FSG have certain similarities to express what Chelsea fans could expect should the former take over the club. And judging what FSG have achieved in their 11 years in charge of Liverpool, Chelsea could do worse than have the Ricketts Family come on board.