Royal author Phil Dampier claims the Duke of Sussex was using his security row as an “excuse” to snub the Service of Thanksgiving for the life of the Duke of Edinburgh after he passed away during the height of Covid in April 2021. Mr Dampier said Prince Harry’s decision not to return to the UK with his wife Meghan Markle and their two children proved to him he was still “very hurt” by what has happened between him and his father Prince Charles and brother Prince William.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made the sensational decision to quit the Royal Family for a new life in the US in 2020. Since then, he has endured a rocky relationship with some members of the Firm. The royal author said: “It's very sad that Harry and Meghan won't be at Prince Philip's memorial service and I think one day Harry might regret it.  “He has said that he doesn't feel safe without Scotland Yard security but to me that sounds like an excuse not to come back to the UK and indicates TO ME the rift with his blood family is still bad.” Harry has brought a claim against the Home Office after being told he would no longer be given the "same degree" of personal protective security when visiting the UK from the US, despite offering to pay for it himself. The Duke wants to bring his children, Archie Harrison and Lilibet Diana, to the UK, but "does not feel safe" when visiting under current security arrangements.  READ MORE: Camilla and Prince look sombre as they step out for heartbreaking day This means he is the only top-level royal not to attend today’s service, which began at 10.30am. Mr Dampier told Mail Online: “You get the impression he is still very hurt by what has happened between him and his father and brother, and I'm sure they feel the same, but to miss a memorial for his beloved grandfather is tragic. “I’m sure the Queen is very upset he's not coming tomorrow but she realises she can't make Harry alter his mindset at the moment.”  DON'T MISS Kate and Wills’s show of support for Queen on emotional day [PICTURES]Sophie Wessex ‘gorgeous’ in navy coat dress for Prince Philip memorial [INFO]Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward put on brave face at Philip event [LATEST] Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter also agreed Prince Harry would live to “regret” his decision She told Nine.com.au: "There's likely to be a strong turnout from extended members of the family, each of whom will be keen to provide the Queen a sense of unity as she publicly mourns her husband once again. "Though she's never been one to hold a grudge, surely it would be better for Prince Harry to make his peace now as opposed to living with a lifetime filled with potential regret. There are no second chances for occasions such as these."  The duke and his wife Meghan live in the US with their children Archie and Lilibet after quitting as senior working royals in early 2020. Harry briefly returned from Los Angeles last year for the July 1 unveiling of the Diana, Princess of Wales memorial statue, and the day before he met seriously ill children and young people at a garden party and afternoon tea in Kew Gardens, west London. It was reported his car was chased by photographers as he left.  Harry is arguing that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his family safe. Meanwhile, the Queen has confirmed she will attend her husband’s high-profile memorial today after doubts were raised over her attendance.