 “Such resistance that they will forever remember that we don't give up what is ours, that they will remember what a patriotic war is. “Yes, for us Ukrainians, this is a patriotic war. We know how patriotic wars start and we know how they end for the invaders.” In the message streamed on Telegram, President Zelensky added: “Our army is doing everything to fully break the enemy. Nearly 9,000 Russians have been killed (unverified) in one week. “In Nikolaevsk, the occupiers are forced to use tens of helicopters to pick up their killed and wounded - 19 and 20-year-olds. “What have they seen in their lives other than this invasion? “But the majority of them are left all over the place. Ukraine doesn't want to be covered by the dead bodies of soldiers.” In an attempt to appeal to the fear felt by these young troops, the President encouraged them to rebel against their superiors. He said: “Go home. With your whole army. Tell your officers that you want to live. READ MORE: Russian National Ballet performance to go ahead in UK town  “ That you don't want to die but to live. We need to stop the war and restore peace as soon as possible.” The President continued by slamming Putin’s regime for sending over “children” to fight and die in the war. Mr Zelensky said: “I am convinced, if they went somewhere, then temporarily. “We'll drive them out. With disgrace. Like those ordinary people who drive out the occupiers from grocery stores where the Russian soldiers go to try to find food and something to eat.  DON'T MISS:Coronation Street heartache as Summer Spellman destroys Amy's romance? (INSIGHT)If you own these PlayStation, Nintendo or SEGA games you're now richer (REVEAL)Have Your Say: Should Queen allow Meghan & Harry to return part-time? (POLL) “These are not warriors of a superpower. These are confused children who have been used. Take them home.” The comments come as footage has been released of young Russian conscripts who did not know that they would be fighting, bursting into tears after being captured. Reports of young Russian troops either surrendering, deserting, or sabotaging their own vehicles to avoid combat have emerged as the young conscripts are poorly trained and unequipped for the realities of conflict. 