The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge like to spend their summer holidays at their Anmer Hall residence, in Norfolk. The Norfolk coast is known for its beautiful coastline and breathtaking views and it can be a very affordable option for those holidaymakers who want to stay close to home. Tripadvisor user @vanvandi recommended visiting Hunstanton Beach. She said: "Beautiful seaside. Really interesting rocks, beautiful beach. You can have a good walk around. The town looks lovely too." RosBolton said: "The Norfolk Broads are one of the nicest places I have ever visited. It is beautiful, quiet and a total wind down away from all the noise and bustle of life in the towns and cities." READ MORE: ‘Tough’ British expats in Spain slammed over 90 day rule  The Greek island of Corfu is one of Britain's favourite summer destinations, but it has also been a favourite of Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall for many years. A traveller who recently visited Corfu shared his opinion on Tripadvisor. He said: "We visited as part of a trip, we came into Corfu Town late afternoon via boat and were blown away! "Such a beautiful city with quaint winding alleys and streets. The harbour area is stunning and well worth a visit."  The Mediterranean island of Malta is another popular summer destination and a very special holiday spot for the Royal Family. The Queen and Prince Philip used to spend whole summers on the beautiful island. Her Majesty once said: "Malta was always very special for me. "I remember happy days here with Prince Philip when we were first married." Scotland is another royal favourite. Balmoral Castle is believed to be the Queen's preferred place to spend time with her family and enjoy her summer breaks away from London. The Scottish Highlands, with their beautiful landscapes, are a perfect option for a UK getaway. Many staycationers recommended Ben Nevis with user Thiery N saying on Tripadvisor: "A must do. Absolutely stunning, calculate three hours up, and three down for a regular person. "An epic experience with spectacular views." Spain is the absolute favourite among UK holidaymakers but the Royal Family has also enjoyed many summer breaks in the country. Prince Harry, Princess Beatrice and Eugenie have been spotted many times on the Spanish island of Mallorca, in the Balearic Islands. Prince Charles and Princess Diana also spent many holidays with King Juan Carlos of Spain, Queen Sofia, and their family. Mara Mandara recommended the town of Alcudia, in Mallorca: "Beautiful old town. It's a beautiful well kept old town. I hear one of the oldest in Majorca. Lots of Restaurants, quaint shops and ice cream parlours. It was worth the visit." Online travel agent Holidaypirates offer holiday packages to Mallorca for just £165 per person this month. Some of the deals include a hotel stay with breakfast and return flights from the UK.