Sir Keir and Mr Johnson will be on opposite sides of the aisle for Prime Minister Questions today. However, it is unlikely to be as heated as in previous months, with the Labour leader having all but withdrawn his calls for Mr Johnson to resign as a show of “unity” in the face of Russia’s ruthless invasion of Ukraine. Sir Keir said there was still an “issue of trust” with the Prime Minister, but for now both parties must concentrate on “the job in hand”. He added on the BBC’s Sunday Morning programme: “I do think there’s a basic question of trust [in Mr Johnson] and it does seem a long time ago now we were talking about all of the allegations that the Prime Minister faces. “Of course, he is still being investigated by the Metropolitan Police. I do think there’s an issue of trust.” Despite the Labour leader keen to present a united front, Mr Johnson’s approval ratings have fallen drastically over the ongoing Downing Street parties allegations. A poll conducted by i and published on February 16 saw 65 percent of respondents disapprove of Mr Johnson’s performance, compared to just 21 percent that approved. Read More: Boris hopes of even tougher Russia sanctions blown apart by Hungary  The same poll measured Sir Keir’s approval rating as 33 percent, with 24 percent of respondents disapproving of the Labour leader’s performance. Meanwhile an New Statesman poll carried out by Redfield & WIlton Strategies on March 2 revealed that the public remained unconvinced by Mr Johnson, with most still wanting him to resign, despite the Prime Minister’s response to the war in Ukraine. Some 54 percent said that the Prime Minister should resign, with 35 percent believing he should stay, while 66 percent said their view on Mr Johnson had not changed since the war began. Despite Sir Keir having edged ahead of Mr Johnson since allegations of Downing Street parties emerged in December, political expert Geoffrey Evans noted that it was significant that the Labour politician wasn’t “slaughtering” Mr Johnson in the polls. Mr Evans told Express.co.uk in December: “The fact that Keir Starmer is not actually slaughtering [Mr Johnson] in the polls is interesting. “Starmer’s been embedded for a couple of years almost and he’s struggled.” Mr Evans, who is a political scientist and Sociology of Politics professor at the University of Oxford, explained: “You should also keep in mind that though we’ve seen the Tories drop behind Labour in the polls, it’s clear there's a lot of people saying they don’t know. “Most of the people saying they don’t know are Tory voters. It’s not like they’ve left the Tories and gone to somebody else. Don't Miss:Boris Johnson admitted ‘mistake’ over Russia: ‘Wanted to engage!’[OPINION]Putin 'wants to be in history books' with ill-judged invasion[INSIGHT]‘Putin has FAILED!’ Ukrainian soldiers ‘kicking Russia’s a***’[ANALYSIS]  “They’ve not swung to anyone else and what we know is more than likely when it comes to more serious stuff like elections and things they’ll swing back with the party again.” Mr Evans believes that, unlike his Conservative counterpart, Sir Keir merely lacks a “star quality” that is required as a party leader. He said: “[Sir Keir] has focused on internal party politics, killing off Corbyn’s legacy and trying to do that. “But what do I think he’s actually doing wrong ‒ he lacks the star quality that you need I think in contemporary politics to attract people strongly.  “He’s just not got that presence. It’s a simple front of house thing. “It’s like Gordon Brown, he knew his stuff, was very forensic [but] stick him as PM and it didn’t work out well at all. He wasn’t right for front of house. “He failed to have that charismatic ability to think on his feet, charm, persuasiveness and vision. “Nothing against Starmer, he’s clearly a very bright bloke and probably a decent one, but he does lack that star touch.” Meanwhile, there is no-one on the Labour front benches deemed to be a suitable replacement for Sir Keir.  According to Mr Evans, Labour does not have anyone that can threaten the Tory party as Tony Blair had done in 1997, when he won the General Election by a landslide 179 seat majority. Mr Evans said: “Blair had [star quality] and that made a difference back in the Nineties and currently the Tories are insulated against a real threat by Labour not having anybody who in any way provides a Blair-like quality ‒ and I don’t even like Tony Blair. “I can’t see anyone in the Labour party currently who could replace Starmer convincingly. “[Angela] Rayner is entertaining and sincere, but she’s not going to be taken seriously as a grown up politician to steal a lot of waverers.”