The British Government must urgently boost military spending to meet the threat posed by Vladimir Putin's Russia. The West faces more global wars and invasions, and countering the threat will leave less money for the State Pension and other "handouts", he argued. These claims appeared in an article by Allister Heath, editor of The Sunday Telegraph, entitled “The West is clinging to the delusion that its survival can be bought cheap”. He wrote today: “The post-Cold War peace dividend has evaporated: we must spend more on defence and boost growth." Heath warned that Britain and the West have been plunged back into a lengthy new Cold War and clash of civilisations. We face a truly existential threat for the first time in more than 30 years. “Our enemy is a hostile state armed with nuclear weapons, a large conventional army and led by an empire-building psychopath,” he said. The State Pension triple lock will prove too expensive to maintain in this harsh new world. Heath said Russia poses a far greater threat than the very real risk posed after 9/11 by al-Qaeda and Islamic State, and sacrifices will have to be made. The West has launched "economic Blitzkrieg" against Russia but Putin has yet to retaliate with counter-sanctions and export restrictions. When he does, this will hammer our economy. Heath warned that Putin may cut off energy, fertiliser or precious metal supplies, wreaking devastation. This would force “the imposition of rationing, three-day weeks and speed limits as we scramble to find new sources of oil and gas”, he said. Home energy bills are already set to hit £3,000 a year, sending inflation rocketing and plunging tens of millions into poverty. “The political consequences could be severe,” Heath said. READ MORE: Pensioners will be 'robbed every year from now on’ without triple lock At the same time, Britain needs to up military spending, Heath said. “Boris Johnson will need to bite the bullet: we must urgently increase spending back to three percent of GDP, and conceivably to 3.5 percent.” The state needs to refocus on its core function of defending lives, liberty and property, he warned. “This implies large spending cuts. The social care plan will need to be abandoned, the pensions triple-lock axed, the NHS reformed.” He also said HS2 must be scrapped and all costs written off, to fund at least five more Hinkley Point C-style nuclear power plants, at a cost of £110 billion. The Sunday Telegraph is often called the Conservative Party’s in-house newspaper, so Heath’s views are heard all the way to Downing Street. DON'T MISS:Pensioner drawdown double whammy – inflation and crash threat [WARNING]State pension age is rising - and the way it increases is changing [ANALYSIS]State pensioners fail to claim £1,900 retirement boost - act now [INSIGHT] Like many on the right of the Tory party, Heath has long argued for a smaller state, with lower government spending and fewer welfare benefits. The horrendous war in Ukraine will heap pressure on Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor Rishi Sunak to slash spending. The State Pension triple lock could be an early victim, in what would be a disastrous move for pensioners. The triple lock increases the State Pension each year either by earnings, inflation or 2.5 percent, whichever is higher. Sunak scrapped the earnings element this year because that would have given pensioners a pay rise of more than eight percent from April 6, as incomes rebounded after the pandemic. Express.co.uk has already warned that the triple lock could be axed as inflation skyrockets, which could force Sunak to hand pensioners a pay increase of seven percent or more next year. Now the Government may have an excuse to scrap it altogether.