Monty Don, who is a popular horticulturist on BBC's Gardeners' World, revealed there is one item of clothing that he finds far too "impractical". His comments come after Conservative MP Jacob-Rees Mogg admitted he doesn't own a pair of jeans or even a t-shirt. The gardening expert was in agreement with the government minister as the presenter revealed he too doesn't own a pair of jeans. Taking to Twitter, the 66-year-old reacted to Andrew Marr's interview with Rees-Mogg on LBC yesterday. The British politician, 56, who is known for his smart attire, explained that he doesn't find "ordinary clothes" comfortable, and would rather relax in a suit. When asked if he owned jeans and a t-shirt, formally dressed Rees-Mogg replied: "Why would I want to?" READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp cries amid Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's return to UK Marr then responded: “You’ve never thought to kick back, put on a pair of jeans and an old t-shirt and put your feet on a piece of furniture?” To which the politician stated: "I might do the latter - but I don't find what others might call ordinary clothes comfortable." Catching wind of the clip, Twitter user, Damon wrote: "Jacob Rees Mogg just said on LBC that he doesn’t own a pair of jeans. What kind of person doesn’t own a pair of jeans?" Monty admitted that he is that person who doesn't own jeans and added that the uncomfortable attire caused "chafing" in the heat.  In view of his 252,000 followers, the BBC host replied: "Me. Too impractical. Uncomfortable, too tight pockets, slow to dry when wet and chafing when hot." Kirstie Allsopp agreed: "Me. Too. Uncomfortable, unflattering. Environmentally damaging to produce. Show every mark. Don’t see the point." However, some of the gardening experts fans were surprised that Monty doesn't own a pair of jeans. @Mogg wrote: "You've just never met the right ones." DON'T MISS... 'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older[LATEST]Susanna Reid reacts to Ranvir Singh's replacement on GMB[TV]Linda Nolan's anguish as doctors told her chemo hadn't worked[HEALTH] @TheEcclesCake remarked: "Monty I'm shocked." @McDougall wrote: "That’s skinny jeans, Monty. You should try a pair of carrot top jeans. Just your style mate!" @RacePeggy added: "I find them immensely practical for garden work. They can stand up to thorns, men's jeans have much bigger pockets and I don't care if they're flattering." Others agreed with Monty, as @getnosey said: "They're not 'working outdoors' garment even though they originally were made for that." @GGrannie noted: "Well said, my thoughts also and put so well." @YvonneOstman added: "I couldn’t agree more. Jeans are not for me." Meanwhile, Monty shared an update with viewers about Gardeners' World as the expert has been busy filming the show. He wrote: "Filming today in increasingly grim weather - but rain has never stopped us yet!" Gardeners' World airs Friday on BBC Two at 8pm.