It was a historic moment. President Zelensky became the first foreign leader to ever address the chamber of the House of Commons. Dressed in army fatigues and broadcasting from Kyiv, where he remains despite more than a dozen assassination attempts, his words were a powerful lesson in leadership. That is courage and integrity.  It has now been over two weeks since Putin’s army unleashed a wave of airstrikes and missiles and declared war on Ukraine. We are beginning to see the shape of the damage. Thousands of innocent Ukranians have been murdered at the hands of Russian forces. Children in kindergartens. Pregnant mothers at maternity hospitals. Families fleeing along supposedly safe humanitarian corridors. The cost of this war is incalculable. Lives. Families. Our shared future knowledge. And it’s not over. As you read this, shells are raining down on homes and hospitals. New cities are being encircled. The list of Putin’s war crimes is stacking up. One man’s deranged ego is fuelling the suffering of millions. Putin is following a playbook which his armed forces have already brutally trialled in Syria. Russian forces surround cities and shell them for weeks, indiscriminately targeting civilians. Tactics of extreme violence gradually grind down morale. And the fear is that this could get worse. The Russian state has now started sowing lies about chemical weapons. Lies, lies and more lies are all part of the Russian campaign. It’s all meant to muddy the waters to try and sow doubt.  But we know what is real. We’ve seen the footage of bombed out cities. The mass graves in Mariupol. The Ukranian families sharing stories of their sisters, fathers and children murdered by Russian attacks. We need to ask what more we can do to bring an end to this horror. Has the UK done everything in its power? We’ve seen the West show unity. Russia has been roundly condemned at the UN. The Government has finally used its powers to hit more of Putin’s cronies with sanctions. Finally, we’ve seen the assets of Abramovich and his ilk frozen. The UK has now sanctioned 400 members of the Duma, the lower house of the Russian parliament. That directly targets the oligarchs and politicians propping up Putin’s regime. And these are serious measures in response to serious crimes. Sanctioned oligarchs can no longer conduct financial transactions with individuals in the UK. Of course, sanctions have a real cost here too. Sanctioning Abrahamovich has left Chelsea - one of Europe’s biggest football clubs - in limbo. The price of energy and commodities are ticking up everywhere. We were already feeling the effect of inflation at home. Now petrol prices are up more than £1.60. The price of bread could rise by 50%.  This is the price Putin is making us all pay for war. For sanctions to have any effect, we will need to go further. There are still hundreds of the Russian elite, free to jet in and spend their stolen cash in London. Should the children of corrupt Russian politicians be able to buy £4 million flats in Kensington? Should they get the opportunity to attend Britain’s best schools and universities? Freedom and prosperity in Britain is a hard-won privilege, not a right for the families of war criminals. It’s not just oligarchs. The Russian state doesn’t operate in a vacuum. It lives off a network of enablers. Former prime ministers of European nations sat on the boards of Russian state-owned companies. Russian disinformation is pumped out through the West’s social media platforms. British lawyers working for oligarchs file multi million pound lawsuits against journalists who expose the truth about the Kremlin.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea All of these players need to take responsibility. Their actions have facilitated a regime which is now waging war against innocent civilians in Europe. Those civilians are now trying to flee. 2.5 million people have already left Ukraine. 2 million have been displaced inside the country. Many millions more are trying to escape. They face long, arduous journeys, often by foot in the icy cold. We all have a duty to welcome our fair share of the refugees who have managed to flee from a warzone in Europe. We need to urgently speed up the process for Ukranians to join their families here in Britain. And for the one man responsible for this chaos and suffering, he must face the cost of his actions. Just like Nuremberg in 1946, the international community will need to come together to hold a special tribunal to prosecute Putin for crimes of aggression. Putin and his band of thieves must be brought to justice. *Tom Tugendhat chairs the Foreign Affairs select committee and served as an officer in Iraq and Afghanistan 