If you have type 2 diabetes, your body either doesn’t produce enough insulin or the insulin isn’t effective. This can lead to elevated blood sugar levels. However, if you leave your high levels untreated, it can trigger a wave of health complications. The good news is there are ways to keep your glucose from becoming dangerously high. More than 4.9 million people in the UK have diabetes, according to Diabetes UK. What’s worse, this statistic is predicted to scale up, reaching one in 10 people by 2030. A crucial aspect of type 2 diabetes is keeping your blood sugar levels in check. One food that could do just that is banana, according to the research published in the Indian Journal of Experimental Biology. READ MORE: Cancer warning: The ‘popular’ vitamin associated with a 91% higher risk of the disease The study looked at the effects of banana consumption in 45 subjects. Out of these participants, fifteen people were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. These subjects were then given 250 or 500 grams of banana for breakfast daily. During this breakfast regimen that lasted for 12 weeks, the researchers were measuring their glucose and insulin levels.  The study found that daily banana intake “significantly” lowered fasting blood sugar and cholesterol. The researchers also noticed that two hours after consuming the fruit, participants showed lower postprandial glucose. If you’re not aware, postprandial glucose details the amount of sugar concentration in your bloodstream in a certain period after eating. The study concluded that daily intake of bananas seems “harmless” in diabetic patients. However, their findings might need to be confirmed in a larger-scale study. One reason why bananas could lower blood sugar levels is their fibre content. According to the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, soluble fibre can help lower glucose. Unlike other carbohydrates, fibre isn’t broken down into sugar. Instead, it passes through your body undigested. Many people might not realise they suffer from type 2 diabetes as symptoms “do not necessarily make you feel unwell”, according to the NHS. The main symptoms of this condition include: The NHS advises seeing your doctor if you suffer from any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk.