The President of the Canary Islands Government, Ángel Víctor Torres, warned residents it was “not the end of the pandemic”. The islands have had stricter restrictions than some areas of Spain. Torres said: “It is not the end of the pandemic, of course not, we must remain vigilant and if the situation worsens we will have to reintroduce them.” He added that 84 percent of the islands’ population was now vaccinated in a boost to public health. He said: “In the Canary islands, in the face of the disbelief of some, vaccination has been quick, orderly and effective, and the response of the citizens has been excellent.” Torres added that the lifting of restrictions would be the “next stage of normality” for citizens of the Canary islands. READ MORE: Expats: The 'happiest' places in the world to live The rule relaxation will also have a positive impact on British tourists who will be able to enjoy more ‘normal’ holidays. Rules set to be scrapped include a limit on capacity in both indoor and outdoor venues which will now be able to operate at 100 percent. Cultural activities such as theatres and cinemas will also be able to open at 100 percent capacity. Other entertainment activities including sports events and leisure activities will also open at 100 percent capacity from Thursday. Children’s and youth camps will be able to operate at 100 percent capacity, a boost for summer holiday clubs. It has also raised hopes that holidaymakers will once again be able to take to the dancefloor in the islands’ popular nightclubs. Dancing has been banned on the Canary Islands and nightlife venues had long called for it to be reintroduced. However, residents and tourists will have to wait until Thursday to see if the ban has been scrapped. Rules on face masks and Covid passports will still apply as they are national laws in use throughout Spain. Although the Spanish Government has discussed ditching indoor masks, it has yet to do so. The Government has said it is committed to following the science on face masks and will not scrap them indoors until it is safe to do so. Some venues may also require British tourists to show a Covid passport to gain entry although this varies across Spain. British tourists will need to be fully vaccinated to travel to Spain and the Canary Islands unless they have a recent recovery certificate. Teenagers aged between 12-17 will be able to enter Spain without being vaccinated but will need to have a negative PCR test from the last 72 hours. British tourists do not need to take any tests or fill out a passenger locator form when they return to the UK. They will need to fill out a passenger locator form when they travel to Spain. The Spanish Government has yet to announce whether it will change the entry rules for travel to Spain.