Chelsea could risk losing midfielder Conor Gallagher in a major blow to Thomas Tuchel, according to reports. Gallagher has excelled on loan at Crystal Palace this season and has been likened to Blues legend Frank Lampard by boss Patrick Vieira.  Gallagher’s eight goals and three assists have been a key part of Palace’s success under Vieira. A combative midfielder, his all-action displays have epitomised the change in style under the Frenchman. The 22-year-old expects to go back to Chelsea in the summer and compete for a place under Tuchel. His form at Palace has earned him a second call-up to Gareth Southgate’s England squad this month, following on from his Three Lions debut in November. But Chelsea could reportedly field some enticing bids for Gallagher in the summer. They could prove too difficult to turn down, especially if the Blues’ prospective new owner does not have the spending power that brought so much success under Roman Abramovich.   JUST IN: Arsenal must grant Arteta transfer wish as top-four spot beckons According to the Sun, a couple of clubs in Italy are interested in the Cobham graduate and have been frequently watching his performances at Palace. Scouts from Juventus and Inter Milan apparently watched Gallagher’s excellent display in the goalless draw with Manchester City last week. Palace head coach Vieira has frequently likened Gallagher to Chelsea icon Lampard, which should excite Blues fans. Vieira said last week: "Sometimes he would get in there late inside the box and Conor has this same desire to score those goals. I see this kind of similarity between those two players. And if Conor manages to do half of what Frank did it would be a good start." It was the second time Vieira has compared Gallagher to former England midfielder Lampard, evidence of how highly he rates the Epsom-born starlet. Asked in December which former players Gallagher’s playing style is most akin to, Vieira said: "Conor has this passion for the game when he is on the field like a Ray Parlour, but I would say he has maybe the quality finishing of a Frank Lampard.   DON'T MISS...Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp hits back at criticism over cup recordArsenal's Maitland-Niles' future bleak after 'not meeting' Roma hopesBarcelona reignite Pogba transfer hope but Zidane could provide twist "It is a manager's dream to have a player like Conor because when he is on the field, he will give everything. He is focused, concentrated and will always give his best. This is something that for me is really important." Chelsea would of course need to be under new ownership for Gallagher to be sold. A special license under which the club is currently operating does not allow them to receive funds. That has been in place since government sanctions were imposed on owner Roman Abramovich, who had put the club up for sale. Abramovich had been sanctioned due to his alleged association with Russian president Vladimir Putin.   