Barcelona are understood to have sent Leeds their first formal bid for Raphinha, according to reports in Spain. The La Liga giants are looking to push through a move for the Brazilian after initiating contact with the winger's agent Deco, a former player of the club. Raphinha looks set to net Leeds a mega payday - although they understandably want to keep their star man - providing they beat the drop. Leeds have tried to tie the tricky forward down to a new contract but so far, negotiations have struggled to bear fruit. Given the Whites' struggles this season, Raphinha is now thought to be considering a move away from Elland Road after two seasons at the club. He wants to play at the highest level possible, namely in the Champions League. The potential suitors at the table are expected to offer him that come the end of the season. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause Spanish outlet SPORT now claim Leeds have received an official proposal from Barcelona for Raphinha. The offer is believed to be worth around £29million (€35m), which falls considerably short of Leeds' valuation. Raphinha's current deal in Yorkshire contains a release clause worth around £62m. But if Leeds are relegated from the Premier League this season, Raphinha can leave for just £21m. DON'T MISSLiverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clauseBarcelona humiliate Real Madrid to prove they're back as Aubameyang fires doubleTottenham and Arsenal 'to knock on Galatasaray's door' for Turkish star Kerem Akturkoglu Barcelona are beginning to draw up their plans for the 2022/23 season as they look to dethrone Real Madrid once again. The 4-0 El Clasico victory over Los Blancos was a statement of intent from Xavi and his players. Adama Traore now seems likely to return to Wolves this summer, while Ousmane Dembele could stay at Camp Nou. The Frenchman has been electric in recent weeks following the arrival of his close friend Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January from Arsenal. The pair played together under Thomas Tuchel at Borussia Dortmund and their relationship off the field is clearing paying dividends for Xavi on it. Barcelona want to beat Liverpool to Raphinha and are cautious the Reds could make their move this summer, despite the signing of Luis Diaz from Porto. Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane are set to enter the final years of their contract and if there is no breakthrough in negotiations, one could be moved on. Chelsea were thought to be leading the race for Raphinha before the sanctions against Roman Abramovich. It remains unclear whether they will rejoin the race, should the Blues be given the green light to sign players in the coming months.