In a poll that ran from 11am on Sunday, March 20 to 11am on Monday, March 21, Express.co.uk asked its readers: “Do you think Boris Johnson was right to say Britain 'wanted to be free'?” in reference to controversial comments made by the Prime Minister in which he compared the Ukrainian fight for freedom from Russia to the Brexit vote. A total of 7,231 people voted, and scores of comments were left in the comments section as readers shared their thoughts on the topic.  The vast majority – 90 percent (6477 people) said “yes”, they thought Boris was right to say the UK wanted freedom. A further 10 percent (733 people) said “no”, it was not the right thing to say, while 21 people were not sure. While plenty agreed the Prime Minister had the right intentions with his comments, most agreed he had chosen the wrong words – and that, to really prove he understands Brexit voters, he needs to deliver more than words. Username far-away wrote: “Simple answer is yes, Britain wanted to be free, but the job's not quite done yet, so get on with it Bojo and undo the remaining chains.” READ MORE: And username Eddie Smith did not mince words, saying: “Boris was right to say the UK wanted to be free from the EU but he has dismally failed to deliver this and is now grandstanding around Ukraine instead of focussing on huge UK and Brexit issues.” Others said they agreed with the Prime Minister in principle, but said the quotes had been misunderstood. Username Pythagoras wrote: “What Boris said was that Britain understands Ukraine’s decision to be an independent country. We made a similar decision ourselves. “Ukraine made that decision when they seceded from the collapsing USSR. We made it when we seceded from the EU. “Of course Boris is right to say Britain ‘wanted to be free' – we already voted. In June 2016.”  And username WeatherRealist said: “At no point did Johnson compare Ukraine's war with Brexit. “He compared Ukraine's desire for freedom with Britain's instinct for it.” Eddie Smith agreed: “He was only saying both countries wanted freedom from foreign control.” And Littleislander wrote: “The UK wanting freedom was correct…[but] whether it should have been held up and compared to Ukraine's struggle for freedom from Russian oppression is debatable.” Mr Johnson made the comments in question during a speech at the Conservative Party’s spring conference in Blackpool on Saturday. DON'T MISS:Public calls increase for NATO to ‘fight new Hitler' with no-fly zone [POLL]Russian losses: The REAL stats as Ukraine reveals startling figures [DATA]Five ways Ukraine war could end: From diplomacy to nuclear bombs [INSIGHT]  He said: “I know that it's the instinct of the people of this country, like the people of Ukraine, to choose freedom, every time. “I can give you a couple of famous recent examples. When the British people voted for Brexit in such large, large numbers, I don't believe it was because they were remotely hostile to foreigners. “It's because they wanted to be free to do things differently and for this country to be able to run itself." The backlash from the comment came from all sides of the political spectrum, with calls growing for a formal apology from the Prime Minister.  Conservative peer Lord Barwell said voting in a referendum was not "in any way comparable with risking your life" in a war. Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood, chair of the defence select committee, tweeted: "Comparing the Ukrainian people's fight against Putin's tyranny to the British people voting for Brexit damages the standard of statecraft we were beginning to exhibit." Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey called the Prime Minister a "national embarrassment" and said the comments were an “insult” to Ukrainians. SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford said Mr Johnson's comments were "crass and distasteful".  