Victoria Azarenka cut her match short as she abruptly retired to Linda Fruhvirtova while a set and a break down in their Miami Open clash on Sunday. The 16-year-old is having the tournament of her life and is now through to the last-16 after Azarenka shook hands with the umpire and walked off court 45 minutes into the match.     Fruhvirtova has enjoyed a breakthrough week so far in Miami. Ranked down at world No 279, the teenager is used to competing in ITF events but suddenly found herself the talk of the tournament when she downed 20th seed Elise Mertens in round two. The victory meant she set up an exciting clash with three-time former champion Azarenka, and she got off to a fast start by immediately going up a break on the 12th seed. Azarenka managed to get herself back on serve at 2-3 but the 16-year-old reeled off three games in a row to take the opener 6-2, and a further three games to lead 3-0 with a break in the second set. The world No 16 appeared increasingly frustrated as she could be heard shouting towards her coaching box, asking “why am I here?” As Fruhvirtova held for 3-0 and both players retreated to their benches for the change of ends, Azarenka told the umpire she was done. The umpire called for the physio and announced the score as 3-0, telling the three-time former champion to wait for the trainer to come to court. But Azarenka had clearly made her mind up, slinging her bag over her shoulder and shaking the umpire’s hand before walking off the court. JUST IN: Kyrgios gives insight on coaching himself as he 'studies' rivals  “Vika we need to wait,” the umpire could be heard calling after her but the 32-year-old stormed off the court after just 45 minutes of play, allowing Fruhvirtova to advance to the last-16. The teenager appeared confused by the events initially, sitting on her bench with an ice towel like in a normal changeover before the umpire officially announced Azarenka’s retirement. The former world No 1 has since been slammed for the decision to abandon the match, with no clear signs she was struggling physically or was going to retire throughout the 45 minutes on court. Despite the sudden end to the match, which many have called “disrespectful”, the world No 279 said she would remember her match against Azarenka “forever”. DON'T MISSDjokovic given French Open advantage over Nadal in Grand Slam raceMurray's thoughts on Ivan Lendl training block after Medvedev lossNadal tipped for early injury return as Barcelona hope shared   "I saw it wasn't her best tennis but of course I didn't want it to end this way," Fruhvirtova said after advancing 6-2 3-0. "Vika is one of the players I grew up watching and she is definitely the one to look up to. I hope that she feels better as soon as possible. I don't think I've ever played in such a big stadium and these are the memories I'm going to remember forever." The 16-year-old will continue her fairytale run against fifth seed Paula Badosa, who is playing for the world No 2 ranking this week in Miami. Fruhvirtova was already the youngest player in the third-round since 2015 and is now the youngest into the last-16 since 2004, when Maria Sharapova and Tatiana Golovin made it through when they were both aged under 17.   