Lorraine Kelly, 62, has voiced her disappointment that BBC One’s Holby City has been cancelled after delighting viewers since 1999. The medical drama’s last episode will air next week, and Lorraine shared her sad response to the show’s final trailer. The snippet teases emotional scenes as loyal fans bid farewell to the beloved characters. It begins with throwback clips featuring Jac Naylor (Rosie Marcel) and the arrival of Henrik Hanssen(Guy Henry). It then flashes to the present where the medics discuss Jac’s operation to remove her tumour, and Elliot (Paul Bradley) can be heard suggesting they “have another crack at it”. Lorraine retweeted the trailer in view of her 689,000 followers. READ MORE:Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' She simply captioned the post, “Bittersweet”, as she readies herself for the final episode on Tuesday. Dozens of other fans responded to the trailer, thanking the cast and expressing their sadness that Holby is being taken off air. Helen wrote: “This should be an extended show lasting at least 24hrs!! Thanks to the whole cast throughout the years!” Jenny echoed: “What a twenty-three years it’s been. Thank you to all the team over those glorious years.” While Sarah fumed: “I’m actually so upset for all the cast and angry for all @BBCHolbyCity fans! It is wrong wrong wrong of the BBC to axe this show when it’s clearly still so popular!” And Lin penned: “I'm going to be crying all the way through this episode. Can't believe it's ending. I've watched since the start. The characters feel like family. I'm going to miss it and the cast so much. Tuesday nights won't be the same without it.” Earlier this week, Lorraine spoke out about her disapproval of Holby’s impending end. She tweeted on Saturday: “Can’t believe it’s nearly the end of @BBCHolbyCity – will miss it.” DON'T MISSA Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup[LATEST]Amanda Holden falls and flashes knickers while straddling Heart FM pal[NEWS]Piers Morgan 'more likely to host Meghan's birthday party' says son[INSIGHT] The presenter also slammed the BBC’s decision back in January, saying: “Can’t believe the BBC have axed Holby City, especially now. Daft decision.” The channel announced it was cancelling the show in June last year. In a statement, the BBC said: “We are incredibly proud of Holby City but it’s with great sadness that we are announcing that after 23 years, the show will end on screen in March of next year. “We sometimes have to make difficult decisions to make room for new opportunities and as part of the BBC's commitment to make more programmes across the UK, we have taken the difficult decision to bring the show to a close in order to reshape the BBC's drama slate to better reflect, represent and serve all parts of the country.” The spokesperson went on to “thank the amazing team” and promised it will “go out on a high”. Jac Naylor actress Rosie Marcel also claimed the final scenes are the best the show has “ever done” and fumed that the cancellation had been “forced upon them”. In a new interview with Inside Soap, Rosie said: “It made us go, 'Sod them – we're going to do this to the best of our ability', and we've delivered something outstanding. "We should always be up for awards – BAFTAs, NTAs, Inside Soap Awards, and if it's going to be any year it needs to be this one, because we have pulled out all the stops. After 23 years on telly, we bl***y deserve it." Holby City’s final episode airs Tuesday at 7.50pm on BBC One.