Molly-Mae, 22, Love Island runner-up and creative director of fast fashion company PrettyLittleThing, spoke about the beauty treatment in a video posted to her YouTube channel. She told viewers: "If you guys can see that I do have a little bit of a beard, we're not talking about it. "I need to speak to you guys about my battle with dermaplaning - and just wish I never got dermaplaning. I basically have a full beard now." What exactly is this treatment and can it leave with you a beard like Molly Mae's? Express.co.uk spoke to two beauty professionals. READ MORE: Tommy Fury addresses Molly-Mae sex ban reports Lucy Phillips, nurse prescriber and founder of Kaizen Medical, said: "In the same way that shaving works, Dermaplaning uses a painless blade to gently scrape away facial hair (often referred to as 'peach fuzz') and rids the skin of any build-up of dead skin cells - all which can contribute to making your skin look dull or uneven." The treatment mimic and incredible close shave, cutting the hair on the face. Although many would be unsure about the idea of shaving their face if they don't naturally grow facial hair, the treatment does have benefits, the expert said. "Just like an exfoliation, it removes any barriers which would stop your skincare from working much more effectively after a treatment." DON'T MISSMolly-Mae Hague left 'shaken up' as home targeted in £800k burglary [SHOCK] How to wash curly hair - viral sensation's 10 product method [INFLUENCER] Kate Middleton skin secrets - busy mum-of-three 'looks amazing' [BEAUTY] While dermaplaning is not particularly dangerous, there are side affects to be aware of. Lucy said: "There is a range of common side effects, including breakouts, risk of infection, redness or discoloration, and irritation. "The procedure can be costly and it only affects the top layers of your skin, so it isn't as effective as more intensive exfoliation treatments." Dr. Osman Bashir Tahir, a plastic, reconstructive and aesthetic surgeon, as well the founder of Halcyon Aesthetics London, said: "Your skin has a layer of fine hairs that help regulate your body temperature and enhance your senses, among other functions. "When it comes to your face and neck, though, those hairs may be obvious, especially if you have naturally dark hair. "This effect can give you the appearance of sideburns or a beard, as well as uneven skin tone issues. "It’s common to feel a little stubble as your hair starts growing back in after dermaplaning, this doesn’t mean that your hair is thicker or more coarse. "The treatment works by shaving the hair on the surface, which doesn’t affect the structure of the hair follicle. "Because dermaplaning blunts the hair’s edge, it may feel as though the hair is ‘thicker’ than before. "But, once the hair has grown back in, it will look and feel exactly the same as before."