Russell Crowe, 57, has remembered his final dinner with “loyal friend” Shane Warne following his unexpected death last week, aged 52. The Oscar winner took to Twitter to share a photo of himself, Shane and their friends dining at the Crown in Shane’s hometown, Melbourne. The picture, shared on Monday, showed the stars beaming as they were surrounded by their pals, including Australian singer Amy Shark and Olympic gold medallist Russell Mark. Russell captioned the post in view of his 2.7 million followers: “Gold medallists, billionaires, fastest gun in the world. Oscars. Amy when she was a baby shark. “Our last Crown dinner. Lots of love Shane.” Touched by the poignant tribute, many took to the comments to pay their respects to Shane. READ MORE:Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update Journalist Neil Varcoe said: “He lived a thousand lives.” Actor Vas Blackwood echoed: “I LOVED SHANE X.” User @ldyphantom42 penned: “I’m sorry about the loss Russ...never easy. Glad you have this memory!” And KJ added: “The only thing I knew about Shane Warne before he passed away was that he was one of the best cricketers ever. "What I didn’t know was just how extraordinary a human he was, the net that was his charisma was cast about as wide as is possible. Rest In Peace great man.” Shane died unexpectedly on Friday while he was holidaying in Thailand. A statement issued at the time by his management said: “Shane was found unresponsive in his villa and despite the best efforts of medical staff, he could not be revived. "The family requests privacy at this time and will provide further details in due course." DON'T MISS‘Most reluctant’ Richard Madeley on wife Judy Finnigan’s TV absence[LATEST]Piers Morgan blasts Justin Trudeau after royal meeting with the Queen[INSIGHT]Strictly's Janette Manrara discusses 'pulling plug' on show with Aljaz[NEWS] An autopsy has since ruled that Shane died from “natural causes”, according to Thai police. Gladiator star Russell shared his heartbreak upon hearing the news. He wrote on Twitter: “S.K. Warne. Woke this morning to the devastating news. “Having a hard time accepting it. Genius player. Grand company. Loyal friend.” Shane had previously said he would want Russell to play him in a film about his 2008 Indian Premier League season. Speaking to The Herald Sun in 2019, Shane said that Russell would be his top pick ahead of Chris Hemsworth or Leonardo DiCaprio. The cricket legend stated: “[Russell] is such a quality actor, he has done a lot of different roles. “Chris Hemsworth is killing it and he’s an Aussie from Victoria too. I think we should have Margot Robbie too. We could have the All-Australian affair.”