International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said a free trade pact has “huge potential to strengthen and grow trade” between the two countries which was worth £19 billion in 2020. "We want a new deal for the 21st century - one that will boost our thriving services sector, promote higher standards of living and act as a beacon for others to follow in its world-leading commitments on climate change and women’s economic empowerment," she said during a press conference with her Canadian counterpart Mary Ng in Ottawa.  The new Free Trade Agreement will benefit more than 10,000 UK small and medium-sized businesses from lower barriers to trade such as simplified paperwork. The UK is Canada’s third largest trading partner and Canadian demand for imports is projected to grow by 45 per cent by 2035. Canadian-owned businesses employ 108,000 people across the UK and additional investment resulting from a new deal could support jobs across the country and help level up the UK. Ms Trevelyan added: “The UK and Canada are close friends and international allies who believe in the value that free and fair trade brings to livelihoods and communities. “Our trading relationship with Canada was worth over £19 billion a year in 2020 and there is huge potential to strengthen and grow trade between our two countries.” Negotiating a new trade agreement with Canada is a vital part of the government’s plan to build new trade routes for the UK’s services and digital economies and to refocus British trade on the faster-growing parts of the world. This includes Britain’s accession to CPTPP, a vast Indo-Pacific free trade area populated by half a billion people and with a joint GDP of £8.4 trillion in 2020. Martin McTague, Federation of Small Businesses National Chair, said: “The launch of these trade talks marks a really important step forward. “A third of our members who export see Canada as an important market, and they’ll be hoping that these discussions result in an ambitious free trade agreement that enables more small businesses from both sides of the Atlantic to realise the benefits of trading internationally.  “A dedicated SME chapter should be placed at the heart of any future agreement to ensure that small businesses can make best use of the FTA’s provisions.” Sally Jones, EY Partner in Trade Strategy, said: “Negotiations to upgrade the UK-Canada trade relationship are a welcome step which will enhance the deep and long-standing ties between the UK and Canadian business communities. This is a significant opportunity to agree new and ambitious trade provisions which will benefit the UK services sector. “Enhanced cooperation fostering greater regulatory dialogue and cooperation, and enhancing cross-border digital trade and innovation can help the UK continue to be a leading provider of services around the world.” Jerry Lawson, Founder, Frog Bikes, said: “As a British manufacturer we always look to find ways to grow our sales and promote our British brand. Canada and the UK share many similarities including the love of sports. Since Frog Bikes launched in Canada, we have seen a steady growth in the sales of our bikes, as the market has enjoyed the benefits of our lightweight bikes. “The introduction of an upgraded Free Trade Agreement between the two countries will make it far easier to sell Frog Bikes in Canada as well as removing any non-financial barriers thereby speeding up the time taken to put our bikes in the hands of Canadian stores selling to the parents and children in Canada.” The first round of negotiations is expected to start in London next week. 