Former Formula 1 driver Jan Lammers has shunned Lewis Hamilton and picked defending world champion Max Verstappen and Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz as his favourites for the world title. The Dutchman snubbed Hamilton as he has fears over the performance of the Mercedes ahead of the 2022 season. Lammers suggested that it appears as though Ferrari and Red Bull are the teams to beat ahead of 2022. During pre-season testing - particularly in Bahrain last week - those teams made it clear they were ready to compete at the top of the grid as a new era of regulations “On the one hand I think that Max Verstappen will dominate, but on the other hand it wouldn't surprise me if Carlos Sainz becomes world champion,” Lammers told NOS. “Red Bull has had no problems. They drive fast and they drive fairly easily. The reliability seems good. “Ferrari has already shown something. The car looked good right away, but in the end it's all about the facts.” Lammers isn't alone in thinking this though, with many tipping Ferrari to potentially challenge for the title. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton warned of 'genuine problems' at Mercedes by ex-F1 chief Lammers, who works as an analyst for NOS, insisted the 2022 season will be a ‘completely unpredictable season’ as teams seek to establish themselves and hit the ground running in the new era. With the first race of the season this weekend, the 10 teams have to show their mettle on the Sakhir circuit. He believes Red Bull and Ferrari are the teams to beat after impressing during testing. “For Ferrari and Red Bull it is difficult to hide that they are good. They have already shown a lot,” Lammers explained. “At Mercedes there have been few signals in terms of speed and reliability. DON'T MISSLando Norris admits enjoying 'drama' between Hamilton and VerstappenMax Verstappen makes promise to strike fear into Lewis HamiltonNorris calls out Drive to Survive inaccuracy after Wolff remark “However, you can take the cards to the chest and not show anyone anything, but then until Friday it remains a question of how the car reacts to conditions.” The 65-year-old warned of the new regulations set to shake up the sport, adding: “It has become much more complicated this season than in the past. The new rules will cause some difficulties for many teams.” 