World No 1 Danill Medvedev has responded to Ukrainian star Marta Kostyuk’s call for all Russian tennis players to be banned from competition. Currently, Russian players are having to play under a neutral flag amid the ongoing war. A number of sports have taken sanction against Russian and Belarusian competitors since the invasion, including the International Olympic Committee and Formula 1 bosses the FIA. Tennis chiefs have however allowed Russian competitors to continue to play on the ATP and WTA tour, including newly crowned world No 1 Medvedev. But they are currently having to do so under a neutral flag. As a result, WTA star Kostyuk has called for a blanket ban following the destruction caused to her home country. She commented, as quoted by AFP: "I don’t agree with the action that has been taken [by tennis leaders]. "Look at the other sports, look at the big sports, what they did – that’s it. JUST IN: Osaka reduced to tears by Indian Wells heckler in Kudermetova loss  "You don’t have to be involved in politics to behave like a human being. Everyone knows what’s going on. "It hurts me. It hurts me every time I arrive at the stadium and see all these Russian players." Following the Ukrainian’s call - one of Russia’s leading sports stars Medvedev, has responded and insisted he will continue to ‘follow the rules’ and compete under a neutral flag. At this week’s Indian Wells, he said: "It's definitely not for me to decide. I follow the rules, I cannot do anything else. DON'T MISSNadal likes 'worst match' Indian Wells comeback to Australian OpenMurray hoping to capitalise on Djokovic Indian Wells absenceNadal takes French Open precaution by skipping Miami amid injury fears "Right now, the rule is that we can [play] under a neutral flag. I want to play my favourite sport. "I'm going to be there to try to play for the fans, play for the people, for myself. "Tennis is a very individual sport. "So far, [the stronger sanctions] we are seeing are more [in] national teams or some team sports. Let's see how the situation evolves." The Russian kicked off his tournament by defeating Tomas Machac comfortably in straight sets 6-3 6-2 on Saturday. Despite the controversies surrounding his home nation, Medvedev revealed he was thankful to receive a warm reception from the Indian Wells crowd. He continued: "I’m just pleased to be here and playing the sport I love. The fans were very good to me in this game. "This is the first time I have heard this and people clapped, so thanks a lot for the nice welcome." 