The all-rounder, who captained Yorkshire County Cricket Club, is in regular contact with police following the threats, which have happened since he spoke out about the culture in the professional game. The 31-year-old said "inhuman" treatment from teammates and senior staff members at Yorkshire left him feeling suicidal during his career. And he told how, at youth level, he claims he was forced to drink alcohol as a 15-year-old Muslim with Barnsley Woolley Miners Cricket Club – formerly Barnsley Cricket Club. But despite blowing the whistle on the culture, Rafiq still gets threatening messages. "There have been a few threats sent my way," Rafiq, who was born in Pakistan, said. "There was an indirect one earlier in the week and there seems to be this feeling that when the sanctions come, some individuals might not take it well and do something silly. "There are no graphical messages or anything like that, but it only takes one idiot to do something. "I wasn’t that prepared for the backlash in the way I got it. It was difficult and there have been some challenging times. "The last two years at Yorkshire ended up being such a car crash more because of the reaction than the actual racism." He told Yorkshire Live he is "in regular touch with the police" at the moment.  However, the former right arm off-spin bowler, who captained the England under-15 and under-19 sides, has received a great deal of support since coming forward in the past year. But the father, of Barnsley, South Yorkshire, feels more needs to be done to challenge racism in cricket. "Within the game, it's incredibly worrying," he continued. "It feels like the game is not accepting it has a problem. "There needs to a lot more scrutiny at grassroots. I don't think anyone's putting any energy into that level. "The first stop for cricket is to accept that things still aren’t good enough."   Roger Hutton, former Yorkshire County Cricket Club chairman, told a government select committee that ex-chief executive Mark Arthur tried to quash an investigation into Rafiq’s claims. "There was a moment when I was asked if we could abandon the investigation," Mr Hutton told MPs last year. But Rafiq’s sister Amna, herself a keen cricketer and a development manager on the Yorkshire Cricket Board, said: "Clearly cricket has failed. "It has failed Azeem. It has failed many other people. "We have simply got to do better. We can’t look the other way anymore." Azeem and Amna Rafiq were both speaking at the Include Summit, the UK’s largest conference focused on equality, diversity and inclusion in sport.  