Colin Craig-Brown returned to This Morning on Tuesday alongside his giant spud, named Doug, which weighed a whopping 7.9kgs. The New Zealander appeared on the ITV show recently as he thought it was the largest potato in the world, but it needed "DNA testing" before it could make it into the Guinness World Book of Records. However, Phillip Schofield confirmed testing revealed the item was not actually a potato and Colin dropped a swear word live on air.  Speaking to Phillip about whether he was disappointed not to own the world's largest potato, Colin said: "It's not liked we have strived to do this, it was just a happy coincidence, we didn't plan to grow this." He added: "It was a bit of a deflation to find out he wasn't a potato but as you walk along through life these s****y sandwiches are thrown at you." The 'potato' was actually a tumour which had grown on the root of a plant and Colin had been keeping it in the freezer for the past two months. READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot?  Josie Gibson, who was hosting the show alongside Phillip, asked Colin: "Are there any plans to turn him into vodka still?" Colin replied: "I did plan to turn him into vodka but it would be a bit like barbecuing your pet lamb." Phillip and Josie nodded while trying to keep a straight face following Colin's remarks. However, it was difficult not to smile for the pair as the potato was wrapped in a towel and wearing sunglasses.   The cameras then focused on gardening expert Anna Greenland who admitted she had never seen anything like Doug before. However, Phillip almost had to apologise to viewers again Anna sounded like she had sworn on the segment too. Speaking about how to grow potatoes, Anna explained: "I would start with chitting them, that is spelt with a c and an h, that word is coming up a lot." Phillip chimed in: "Am I going to have to apologise to viewers again?" DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield and Ruth Langsford's 'awkward' tension seen by fans [LATEST]'So lonely' Phillip Schofield laments Holly Willoughby's absence [MUST SEE]Phillip Schofield 'gutted' as host breaks silence on Holly's absence [INSIGHT] She laughed and continued: "You should put them in an egg pot and let the shoots grow before you put them in the ground just to get a head start. "I would say use lots of really good muck and some dung to supercharge growth." Turning the conversation back towards Colin, Phillip asked if he would attempt to grow massive potatoes in the future. Colin said he definitely give it a try following his "educational" experience with Doug the spud.   A giggling Josie couldn't help but interrupt Colin to ask why he put sunglasses on the massive spud. "Well, he reckons he has gained celebrity status," Colin quipped. "He's been watching the Kardashians on telly and he reckons he should be able to wear sunglasses." This Morning continues weekdays at 10am on ITV.  