The Chancellor described how difficult it has been for successive governments to cut income tax. However, he has vowed the Government will do just that by the end of the current parliament in 2024. Income tax will be cut from its current level of 20 pence in the pound to 19 pence in the pound. The Chancellor said: “Tax cuts must be paid for, they must be prioritised and fit the goal of the time. “A key goal for Conservative chancellors, and even some Labour ones, is to cut income tax. “The fact this has happened only twice in 20 years tells you how hard it is to do.” Mr Sunak pointed towards the impacts of COVID-19 and the ongoing Ukraine war as adding to the difficulty of achieving this goal.  DON'T MISSCold Weather deadline: Households claim triple amount of £75 [UPDATE]Universal Credit to rise next month - not enough to beat inflation [LATEST]HMRC warns Post Office customers they could lose benefits [INSIGHT] However, he expressed the Government’s determination to achieve this end. Mr Sunak continued: “It would clearly be irresponsible to meet this ambition this year. “And yet, I refuse to let that ambition wither and drift.” Tim Walford-Fitzgerald, Partner at HW Fisher, commented on the impacts of the income tax cut.  He said: “Dropping the one penny from the basic rate of income tax is a tactical and political move from the Chancellor. “Assuming it comes into effect from April 2024, the first payslip you will see this in will arrive at the same time as election leaflets ahead of  the next planned General Election in May 2024. “Is that a coincidence, or a well-planned strategy?” How much income tax people pay in the tax year is dependent on two main components. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Firstly, HMRC will take into account how much of a person’s income is above their Personal Allowance. They will also consider how much of income falls within each tax band. The Chancellor has also announced a £3,000 rise to National Insurance thresholds. From July, people will be able to earn £12,570 a year without paying any money to income tax or National Insurance. This marks the largest increase in a basic rate threshold ever and the largest single personal tax cut in a decade.