Outrage has erupted between two villages in Normandy, with one village slamming a proposed wind farm as an insult to a D-Day memorial less than a kilometre away. Normandy is the site of Operation Neptune, the largest seaborne invasion in history, where the Allied forces stormed the region in World War 2, laying the foundation of victory on the Western Front of the war.  The controversy began after the village of Le Manoir approved the construction of five 150m-high turbines, just 800m from Ryes war cemetery, Bazenville, just eight kilometres from Bayeux. This war cemetery is very close to the D-Day beaches at Arromanches, which is where the 50th Division landed on June 6, 1944. According to the Commonwealth War Graves Foundation: “The first burials were made there just two days after the landings.” The cemetery contains 652 Commonwealth burials of the Second World War, along with one Polish and 335 German graves.  The controversy began after the village of Le Manoir approved the construction of five 150m-high turbines, just 800m from Ryes war cemetery, Bazenville, just eight kilometres from Bayeux. This war cemetery is very close to the D-Day beaches at Arromanches, which is where the 50th Division landed on June 6, 1944. According to the Commonwealth War Graves Foundation: “The first burials were made there just two days after the landings.” The cemetery contains 652 Commonwealth burials of the Second World War, along with one Polish and 335 German graves. READ MORE: Brexit fury! EU takes legal action on UK's 'discriminatory' energy Le Manoir, a village with a population of about 200, gave permission last month to construct the first mast on arable land, which will be used to test wind strength and direction on the site. However, on Monday, the angered municipal council of the neighbouring Bezanville voted unanimously against the wind turbines. Marcel Dubois, the mayor, told Le Figaro: “We are on a plain and wherever you are, you will see these masts.” Locals from the town are worried that the wind turbine will interfere with the view. DON'T MISS: Price of goods set to soar up to 75% as EU unleashes new green tax [REVEAL] Russia issues threat as NASA astronaut to leave ISS: ‘We can fight' [INSIGHT]Putin panics as Nigeria offers to plug EU’s Russian supply gap [SPOTLIGHT] One woman told TF1 Info: "Can you imagine the corner here which is superb, which is natural, with not one but five, ten, fifty wind turbines in future years? I don't see it.” Another added: "I'm totally against it because it's damaging the environment." Wind farms are being rapidly constructed in Normandy, some within a stone’s throw of the landing beaches, cemeteries and memorials. In 2021, residents and veterans’ groups lost a legal battle to halt the construction of 64 offshore wind turbines six miles off the landing sites. READ MORE: Brits to get 'free' electricity for living near new green projects