Manchester City's match with Manchester United was briefly suspended due to a medical emergency in the crowd - and the club confirmed post-match that a fan was taken to hospital. The game was paused in the 35th minute with the score at 2-1 to City. The players of both sides alerted referee Michael Oliver to an incident which had occurred in the South Stand behind David de Gea's goal. Oliver brought the game to a halt and walked to the touchline to talk with the fourth official. Medics were then able to attend the incident before play resumed three minutes later. United legend Gary Neville was co-commentating on the match for Sky Sports. And he claims he had spoken to referees in recent weeks to ask if there was a protocol for such incidents in the crowd. Neville said: "I asked the officials if there was an official protocol and they said there wasn’t. JUST IN: Fabregas hails two players as 'future of Arsenal' in Watford win but makes mistake  "They said basically once the fans alert the players and the players stop, the officials will then obviously stop the match." Responding to Neville, commentator Martin Tyler said: "The protocol from there is to wait for the head of the medical team to report back." City tweeted post-game: "Manchester City can confirm that a fan who collapsed during the match has now been taken to hospital. We send our best wishes for a speedy recovery." City went into the match just three points clear of second-placed Liverpool following the Reds' narrow 1-0 win over West Ham on Saturday. United, meanwhile, were aiming to move back above Arsenal in fourth after the Gunners' victory over Watford earlier in the day. DON'T MISSMan Utd players ‘angry’ after Cristiano Ronaldo fails to show for Man City clash [REPORT]Barcelona's ridiculous XI if Erling Haaland and three other players join Xavi's team [OPINION]Roy Keane bites back at Gary Neville over Cristiano Ronaldo before Man City vs Man Utd [QUOTES]  The hosts took an early lead through Kevin de Bruyne's 50th Premier League goal. United winger Jadon Sancho, who came through the academy at City, was booed by the home supporters with every touch. However, the England international soon silenced the crowd with a fine curling effort past Ederson. Neville felt United were well worth their equaliser. He said: "I think they’ve deserved it, they’ve played damn well in the first 20 minutes.  "The play from [Paul] Pogba and [Bruno] Fernandes, Sancho in that split striker role has a lot to do from where he picks the ball up. "Can he set it out in that far corner? Yes he can. Really good first 20 minutes, United have been brave, the way they’ve pushed up the pitch, not many teams do that here and City didn’t expect that from Ralf Rangnick’s men." But just six minutes later City were back in front. De Bruyne scored his second of the game after United were unable to clear a mini goalmouth scramble. And Riyad Mahrez scored twice in the second half with United convincingly better after the break and running out 4-1 winners. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  