William and Kate are set to embark on their Caribbean tour on behalf of the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee. They are due to visit Belize, the Bahamas, and Jamaica in a week-long tour – their first since before the pandemic. Former BBC royal correspondent Michael Cole said: "I believe the Queen can give herself a hug at home, knowing the future will be in the safest hands well into this century.” He added that “they are the perfect couple”. This support comes after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge’s visit to a cacao farm in Belize was cancelled over a long-running land dispute. Villagers of the small community of Indian Creek also protested over plans to land the royal’s helicopter on a football pitch, describing their visit as "colonialism" and a "slap in the face". Mr Cole dismissed the inconvenience as “a minor blip” and said William and Kate "have become no strangers to walking a diplomatic tightrope when necessary". He said: "He was born for his role and has accepted it with aplomb. She has also taken to her role better than anyone had a right to expect. "And they are both brilliantly equipped to bring the magic of majesty to the Commonwealth.” Their visit comes amid growing uncertainty over the Royal Family’s role in the Caribbean. READ MORE: Kate and Prince William handed crucial side mission as Cambridges embark on week-long tour  In November last year, Barbados became a republic and formally removed the Queen as its Head of State – but remains within the Commonwealth. Prince Charles attended the handover ceremony as guest of honour, nearly 400 years after becoming a British colony. Many island nations want to follow and end their association with Britain as a colonial power. A poll of Jamaicans commissioned by Jamaica Observer found that 55 percent of people thought the Queen must go. Prime Minister of Jamaica Andrew Holness said in December: “There is no question that Jamaica has to become a republic. “We have to put together a plan to move towards that in a way that is meaningful and substantial in function and form. That is what we are going to do.” What do YOU think? Is the Queen’s Commonwealth crumbling? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.