The massive tremor has been confirmed by seismic data. Initial reports place the quake 77km (47 miles) south of Hualian in Chinese Taipei. The event struck at 5:41pm UTC. Footage has already emerged on social media showing swinging light fittings, and concerned residents. There are no immediate fears of a tsunami. The quake is reported to have struck at a depth of around 10km. Witness accounts have been pouring into the EMSC. One resident said: "Woke up in the middle of the night everything was moving." Another from Hsinchu said: "Strong shaking, very long, 30 seconds at least. "Aftershock almost immediately for another 20 seconds. "Not dangerous, but the most concerned I've been so far over a quake." Another in Zhubei said: "The longest quake I've ever felt. "Shaking went on for well over a minute." From Xindian, another resident spoke of the quick succession of the after-shock. They said: "Stronger and longest in some time. Aftershock followed the main one right after." READ MORE:China to exploit Russia peace talks to secure sanction deal with US Speaking of the shaking of buildings in Taipei, one resident added: "Wow! This one shook me out of bed! "It felt like it was a constant left-right shake that kept on rolling here on the 6th floor in Taipei." Another said: "On 24th floor. Sound of swinging hanging light fixtures woke me in middle of night. "Building swayed for a long time." DON'T MISS:Deltacron warning - new more dangerous variant [REPORT]Inside RAF Voyager VIP jet Kate and William took on tour [INSIGHT]Queen’s Guard, 19, who ‘went AWOL’ arrested [REVEAL] In a reassuring Tweet, one user wrote the quake does not appear to have caused any damage. Laoren Channa said: "Taiwan itself says 6.6 followed by 6.1 (there were indeed two, I felt both). "Taipei is fine, the west coast is fine. "Be worried about the less-populous east coast, but no this isn’t devastation on a national scale." A 6.5 magnitude quake hit the island last year, where once again, very little damage was reported. Reports have yet to emerge from official sources as to the situation following this one.