Supermarkets are brilliant at making people spend their hard-earned cash; tempting treats and hard-to-ignore offers. Aldi’s Managing Director of buying Julie Ashfield has recognised times are tough for their shoppers, and for anyone looking to “bag a bargain” with their products, there are a few things that can be done to reduce the overall price of a weekly food shop. Many supermarkets have ‘yellow sticker’ products. These are items which are nearing their use by dates and in a bid to shift stock and avoid food waste, supermarkets will reduce the price of an item, by up to 70 percent. At Aldi, they don’t have yellow stickers, but red stickers. Julie said: “At Aldi we’re really focused on offering amazing low prices every day. READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items Many supermarkets have ‘yellow sticker’ products. These are items which are nearing their use by dates and in a bid to shift stock and avoid food waste, supermarkets will reduce the price of an item, by up to 70 percent. At Aldi, they don’t have yellow stickers, but red stickers. Julie said: “At Aldi we’re really focused on offering amazing low prices every day. “But there are a few ways shoppers can get even more for their money. “First, we have Super 6 where every fortnight, six favourite fruit and vegetables are available at even lower prices. “The same goes for our range of fresh meat. “Six items are sold at reduced prices every two weeks,” she revealed. “Second, all of Aldi’s UK stores mark down perishable products such as bread, meat and fruit and vegetables by 75 percent on their last day of life before stores close. DON'T MISS... “The initiative gives savvy customers a bargain while cutting waste, with all the products suitable for home freezing if you don’t want to eat them on the same day as purchase. “The times that items are reduced vary by store and are sold on a first-come, first-served basis. “They tend to go quick – so my advice is to keep an eye out for red stickers next time you’re in store.” Julie added: “Finally, shoppers will also find certain goods are marked down by 30 percent if the packaging is imperfect.” Items included are: “Rice, pasta, cereal and tinned food. “It’s a great way to save even more on your shop.” Aldi is the second cheapest supermarket in the UK - the top spot was beaten by its rival Lidl. Consumer researcher Which? compared prices for a basket of 23 every day items during the month of February. Items in the basket included own-brand products such as apples and eggs, as well as branded goods such Hovis wholemeal bread, to see how the UK’s biggest supermarket chains compared. They found that on average, shoppers would have paid £24.21 at Lidl. Aldi shoppers, on the other hand, paid £24.83 on average - just 62p more than Lidl’s basket. Asda was the third cheapest, and Tesco fourth. Sainsbury’s shoppers would have paid £27.68 while those grabbing the essentials from Morrisons would’ve been charged £29.19. Ocado was the second most expensive supermarket, and Waitrose was the most expensive supermarket with a basket set to cost a shopper £33.71 - 39 percent more than Lidl’s basket.