AMC’s post-apocalyptic horror series The Walking Dead returned from a lengthy mid-season break in February for the remainder of its 11th and final instalment. As the characters underwent a major shift, fan-favourite Norman Reedus, who played Daryl Dixon, suffered an injury while on set and thankfully the actor gave fans an anticipated health update.  Reedus is one of the few actors whose character has been able to survive the outbreak and continue to fight since the first season. Despite his experience and skill, the actor suffered a concussion on set on Friday, March 11, and took time off to recover. While it remains unclear if it happened while he was filming or not, the incident pushed back the official final wrap day. Thankfully, Reedus is getting better, as the actor took to Instagram to give fans the important health update. READ MORE: Matt Tebbutt scolds guest for being underdressed on live show Alongside, a black and white photo of a cat which recently passed away, in his caption Reedus wrote: “Thank u for the nice thoughts it’s been a week. or two. “I was in an accident but getting better, getting cleared and gonna be back at work Tuesday they tell me. And sorry bout Atlanta event I was looking forward to it. “Most of all thank you for the eye in the dark messages I really loved that little cat.” The 53-year-old actor had missed three dates of the Fandemic Tour, where he was supposed to make an appearance alongside his castmates.  Thankfully, fans were understanding many of them were relieved to see Reedus was feeling better and preparing to head back to work. They expressed their glee at the news in his comments under his post. A fan page @thereeduseffectmovement wrote: “All my condolences again, there’s no words really and pleaaaase don’t apologise for having been hurt, we are just all glad you are ok! “There will be other events, but there’s just one you! So please take care! We will be looking forward to next time… we aren’t going anywhere,” they added.  DON'T MISS...Coronation Street youngster Jack Webster exits in heartbreaking twist? [THEORY]What happened to Malva Christie’s mother in Outlander? [INSIGHT]The Walking Dead fans ‘in tears’ as Norman Reedus injured [REACTION] Meanwhile, @Jennacaludlow added: “All that matters is that you’re okay! I’m so happy you’re getting better.” @RavenGillies commented: “So sorry for your loss of sweet Eye in the Dark. Also, glad you’re getting better!” A concerned @mari.wscruise18 shared: “Thank you for letting us know, I was soooo worried about you Please rest yourself until you go back to work.” As @twinkay22 shared their well-wishes: “Wishing you on your best recovery.”  News of his injury was revealed on social media when his appearance at the Fandemic tour was cancelled. They wrote: “Norman Reedus had to postpone due to an accident while filming.” However, this wasn’t the first time the actor had suffered an injury on set, as it first happened in 2015 while he was filming ‘Them’. While filming in a barn, they would have been captured by the camera, then wiped during the editing process and didn’t appear on the screen. The Walking Dead season 11B continues every Sunday on AMC in the USA and on Disney+ every Monday in the UK. 