Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams cast doubt on whether the 95-year-old monarch will ever meet Lili, who was born in California last June. His comments come after Prince Harry confirmed he will not return to the UK for Prince Philip's memorial service later this month. On whether Her Majesty will ever meet Harry and Meghan Markle's daughter, Mr Fitzwilliams told The Sun: "It's increasingly unlikely. "If they don't bring Lili over, then obviously that won't happen. "It's all something that's clearly not going to be resolved in the foreseeable future. "And it doesn't seem like they're going to come over." Mr Fitzwilliams comments come after a spokesperson for Harry on Friday confirmed that he will not attend a memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey on March 29. The Duke - who is living in Montecito with Meghan and their two children - hopes to visit his grandmother the Queen soon, the spokesperson added. Harry's spokesperson declined to confirm the reason for him not attending the high-profile event. READ MORE: Sussex fans slammed for 'making up' claims about senior royals  It comes as he is embroiled in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection. Harry is suing over a decision not to allow him to pay for police protection for himself and his family while in Britain. The Sussexes lost their taxpayer-funded police protection after quitting as working royals in 2020. The Duke is arguing that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his family safe. DON'T MISSPrince Harry will ‘regret’ missing Philip memorial amid ‘silly feud’ [INSIGHT]Prince Harry won't return to UK for Prince Philip's memorial service [ANALYSIS]Harry and Meghan sparking 'disenchantment' in Americans [VIDEO] Harry has returned to Britain twice since Megxit. He travelled to the UK for the unveiling of a Princess Diana statue at Kensington Palace last July. The day before on June 30 he attended an event for the charity WellChild in Kew Gardens, west London. It is understood the Duke's car was chased by photographers as he left. Harry also travelled to the UK from the US in April 2021 for Prince Philip's funeral. He has not been joined by Meghan, their two-year-old son Archie or daughter Lili for any of the visits. 