Rita Moreno has spoken out about her outfit choice at the Oscar award ceremony. The star explained why she wore her feathered hat on the red carpet. Rita wore striking headgear for the ceremony on Sunday. The star said she decided to have some fun when choosing her accessories. She spoke to E! this morning about her thought process behind the hat. Rita said: “This is from France and I just thought ‘What the hell?’ READ MORE: 'Protect my family' Will Smith tearfully apologises amid Oscar win “Then I put on a black wig underneath, because, ‘What the hell, right?'” She said it was a Carolina Herrera design, talking about her black ruffled one-shoulder gown. The star also paired the outfit with crystal flat shoes and Verdura earrings. The actress concluded by declaring that she “loves the way” she looks. Rita has starred in the recently released movie 80 For Brady, whose star-studded cast includes Jane Fonda, Lily Tomlin and Sally Field. It is a comedy based on the life of American Football player, Tom Brady. Rita has enjoyed a successful Hollywood career, having starred in West Side Story star, where the actress won an Academy Award for her performance in the 1961 hit. In the remake, actress Ariana DeBose, who starred in Steven Spielberg’s adaptation of West Side Story, took home the award for Best Supporting Actress during Sunday's Oscar ceremony. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] The trio posed together on the red carpet at last night's award ceremony. Fans took to Twitter to express their thoughts about Rita at the Oscars. One fan, @Ayahrenee compared her fashion choice as a highlight, akin to the Chris Rock controversy. She wrote: “Highlights of the Oscars: Beyoncé, Will Smith, Meg, coda and Rita Moreno’s hat.” @Merseytart wrote: “This is now a stan account for Rita Moreno’s hat.” @JoeRuiz said: “Rita Moreno’s hat should get an Oscar.” The Puerto Rican native portrayed the newly created character Valentina in the Steven Spielberg-directed reboot of West Side Story. Rita famously won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for playing Anita in the original 1961 movie.