Royal commentator Robert Jobson gave his verdict on Harry not attending Philip's memorial service later this month. He believes the Duke of Sussex's journey to the Invictus Games in Holland next month raised questions about his motives. Mr Jobson suggests Harry's upcoming book may have a bigger role in his decision to avoid the UK. Speaking on Royally US, presenters Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi discussed Harry’s security concerns and the points made by Mr Jobson. Ms Garibaldi remarked: “[Robert Jobson] makes the point that [Prince Harry] will be travelling to Holland for the Invictus Games. “Granted, it is not London or central London, maybe he has different protection there. “But he is ok to travel overseas so it is a little disappointing and it makes you want to read into it a little bit more. “Are these rifts a little deeper than we thought, is he nervous about seeing his family?” Ms Garibaldi said there were too many questions surrounding the UK snub. Ms Ross wanted to know "what was going through his head" when he made the decision to not visit the UK. Mr Jobson later reflected on Prince Harry not attending Prince Phillip’s memorial service despite travelling to the Invictus Games.  He said: “Well, it is disappointing isn’t it, there doesn’t appear to be any serious reason why he can’t be there. “He is going to Holland for the Invictus Games shortly afterwards. All this business about he doesn’t feel safe and can’t get the protection that he needs. “I think it is nonsense, all you have to do is hire former royal protection officers that are no more than 50 years old - they tend to retire quite early. “And they would be in the loop for protection and you would be as safe as if you had your own armed bodyguard.” Mr Jobson said he “did not buy it” and claimed Harry had a book coming out which would “cause trouble” with his family members. Harry announced he would not be attending Prince Phillip’s memorial service on March 29 as a security row continues to boil over. DON'T MISSThe bizarre royal travel rule William and Kate always break [ANALYSIS]Sophie Wessex's latest outing draws comparisons to Meghan Markle [INSIGHT]Kate dazzles in striking green as Duchess joins Prince William [PICTURES]  His representatives have called for police protection when he arrives in the UK due to the unique level of threat against him. They claim he and his family could be threatened by far-right and extremist attacks as they have been intimidated in the past. The Home Office has denied his request as they say they are not a service for hire. Robert Palmer QC is representing the Home Office and told the court his offer of private funding was "irrelevant". He said in a written submission: “Personal protective security by the police is not available on a privately financed basis. “And the Royal and VIP Executive Committee [RAVEC] does not make decisions on the provision of such security on the basis that any financial contribution could be sought or obtained to pay for it.” 