Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has taken a beating by Spanish media as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang continues his stunning renaissance in Barcelona. The Gabonese forward had been one of the Gunners' most reliable goal-scorers in recent seasons, but he and Arteta failed to put their differences aside and decided to part ways in January. Aubameyang was stripped of the captaincy and dropped from Arsenal's squad after a discplinary breach in December. The 32-year-old never played for the club again, despite cries from some fans who were keen to see him phased back into the side. With the prospect of Mesut Ozil's unsavoury Arsenal saga repeating itself, both parties decided to part ways in January. Arteta came under heavy criticism after it emerged that the Gunners had actually forked out a reported £7million to terminate the striker's contract before a free move to Barca. Aubameyang rediscovering his elite goal-scoring form was always going to be a danger for Arteta and his eyebrow-raising decision. Sure enough, he has taken La Liga by storm with seven goals in his first seven games under Xavi. JUST IN: Barcelona boss Xavi 'green lights' Raphinha move as Leeds star's agent delivers bad news  Perceptions of the player are sky high after his El Clasico heroics on Sunday. Spanish media have waxed lyrical about La Blaugrana's new striker while launching digs at Arteta after Aubameyang notched twice against Real Madrid in a 4-0 Bernabeu demolition. One Spanish outlet, AS, said: "Surely more than one Arsenal fan must wonder what went through Mikel Arteta's head to push aside and let a player like Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang escape. And it is that in the hands of Xavi Hernández, the Gabonese striker has not only recovered his goalscoring nose but has also become a true 'killer'." DON'T MISS...Man Utd's Ralf Rangnick has four problems to solve over international breakChelsea fans offered Champions League and FA Cup ticket hopeTottenham target Dybala prepares to ditch Juventus and 'open talks' Meanwhile, Mundo Deportivo added: "At the last turn, Auba arrived. He is better than Morata, [a better] goalscorer and at zero price. A stroke of luck of fate for those who change history. A bingo." Arsenal tried to offset Aubameyang's January exit in January with a well-publicised pursuit of Serie A marksman Dusan Vlahovic. To rub salt into Gunners wounds, the youngster has bagged four goals in seven games since opting for Juventus instead. Moves for Alexander Isak, Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Raul de Tomas were also touted but they opted to keep hold of their cash until the summer. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are the only two out-and-out strikers at their disposal between now and then. Despite being rinsed by Spanish media, few Arsenal fans would have a bad word to say about Arteta's work of late. Currently, the Gunners and their depleted attacking ranks sit fourth in the Premier League with at least one game in hand on each of the chasing pack. 