Since Putin invaded Ukraine almost four weeks ago, at least 902 civilians in the country have been killed, according to the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights. The actual toll is likely to be far higher because of the strict methodology the UN uses to count deaths. Russian government figures suggest just 498 of its soldiers have died in the conflict so far, at odds with the 14,000 that Ukraine claims has died, and the 7,000 the US estimates. The relatively low death toll released by the Kremlin is believed to be part of its information warfare against Ukraine as it seeks to rally the Russian public and smear western nations. Moscow had an already tight grip over media in Russia, but there has been a stark crackdown on all forms and aspects of the media — including social platforms — since the invasion began. The liberal radio station Echo of Moscow was forced to halt its operations earlier this month after falling foul of censorship laws due to its reporting on Ukraine. Putin also blocked the broadcaster TV Rain. The Kremlin, which declared the outlets foreign agents, has also restricted access to western media sites like the BBC, Deutsche Welle and Radio Free Europe. Its tightly controlled flow of information about Ukraine has left citizens falling into bitter squabbles with their families over the “propaganda” of the West, a Russia expert has claimed. JUST IN: Putin assassination: Russian despot's days numbered as Kremlin 'considers removing' him Professor Nikolai Petrov, a senior research fellow on the Russia and Eurasia Programme at Chatham House, whose research includes Putin’s decision-making, spoke to Express.co.uk about the public’s response to Putin’s propaganda. He revealed how Russians from the same families are experiencing bizarre alternate realities, with those in the country rejecting what their relatives who live outside of Russia are telling them about the war. He said: “We do have many cases when members of the same family cannot understand each other. “If, for example, daughters are calling their father who lives in Russia, telling him all these horrible things and his reaction is that it cannot be the case. “‘You are under propaganda and it cannot be the case’ – he cannot accept this. “The situation will change but it will not change immediately and will take time.” He added: “The problem with the attitudes of Russian society is that there are very strong propagandist efforts. “But they are welcomed by ordinary Russians because otherwise they would have to revise the whole way they see the world.” Prof Petrov claimed that the propaganda being fed to the Russian public appeared to be having the desired effect. He explained that a majority of Russians in the country support the war, which Moscow refers to as a “special military operation”. DON'T MISS:Russian ambassador's chilling warning to NATO with hint at 'plans' for Croatia [LATEST]Putin 'disappeared' his daughters as Russian leader’s top secret family life laid bare [INSIGHT]Nicola Sturgeon independence finances in doubt as black hole lingers: 'Serious questions' [ANALYSIS] He said: “Speaking about citizens and society, according to psychological polls, something like say 60 to 70 percent of respondents do support the military operation in Ukraine. “It spotlights huge brainwashing, which has been going on for many years. “Partly it is due to the fact that all media space, all information they are getting, is almost totally controlled by the state. “All semi-independent media have been shut up. Either last year or immediately after the operation started.” Prof Petrov also conceded that even for Russians who have access to accurate information about Ukraine, it may be difficult for them to come to terms with the horrendous attacks being authorised by their government. He said: “Speaking about citizens and society, according to psychological polls, something like say 60 to 70 percent of respondents do support the military operation in Ukraine.  “It spotlights huge brainwashing, which has been going on for many years.  “Partly it is due to the fact that all media space, all information they are getting, is almost totally controlled by the state.  “All semi-independent media have been shut up. Either last year or immediately after the operation started.”  Prof Petrov also conceded that even for Russians who have access to accurate information about Ukraine, it may be difficult for them to come to terms with the horrendous attacks being authorised by their government.  He said: “The other very important reason is connected with a kind of mental, psychological defence. “You cannot easily accept the idea that your government, your leader, are committing war crimes, that they are doing horrible things. “Because, if so, then you should take action. It is much easier not to let these signals send this information, which can violate your more or less harmonic vision of the world and in this region.”