Russia and Ukraine have resumed peace talks today, but the discussion has been "hard", according to Ukrainian presidential adviser and negotiator Mykhailo Podolyak. He tweeted today: “The parties actively express their specified positions. “Communication is being held yet it’s hard. The reason for the discord is too different political systems.” This comes as Russian forces continue to hit major cities in Ukraine with airstrikes. While the Russian assaults from the air have severely damaged the country, the situation has been different on the ground as various reports have shown. In recent weeks, a Russian convoy reportedly stalled outside of Kyiv and there have also been reports of Russian soldiers being unsupportive of the invasion. Russia has taken only three cities in the south of the country: Kherson, Melitopol, and Berdyansk. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Finnish ambassador to the UK, Jukka Suikosaari, said Russia has "miscalculated" its invasion. He said: "We think Russia has miscalculated the situation, the unity of the West has come as a surprise to them. "The Finnish people feel very deeply about what is happening in Ukraine because we have historical comparisons in our own past. "There is a strong willingness amongst our population to help Ukraine where we can. "I'd say business as well as civil society in Finland is behind the sanctions in a way that we have never seen before. "The West's unity has surprised Russia, the sanctions are unprecedented and they will bite. It is not only that the sanctions are hurting Russia on a national basis but also on an individual basis, so we hope that will be enough to turn their heads." Finland has its own fraught history with Russia – Finns have taken part in dozens of wars against their eastern neighbour, for centuries as part of the Swedish Kingdom, and as an independent nation during the world wars, including two fought with the Soviet Union from 1939-1940 and 1941-1944. In the postwar period, however, Finland pursued pragmatic political and economic ties with Moscow, remaining militarily nonaligned and a neutral buffer between East and West. READ MORE: Russian central bank scrambles further to defend ruble Finland has a history of neutrality when it comes to military alliances, but the country has integrated with the West, having joined the EU in 1995. The invasion of Ukraine has sparked debate in Finland about whether the country should join NATO. Russian foreign affairs spokesperson Maria Zakharova warned recently that Finland and Sweden could face "military consequences" if they try to join NATO. She said: “Obviously, the accession of Finland and Sweden to NATO, which is primarily a military alliance as you well understand, would have serious military and political consequences, which would require our country to make response steps.” Addressing this threat, Ambassador Siukosaari said: "As for the statements from Moscow, it is of course clear that we make our own security and policy decisions, they cannot be influenced by third parties. DON'T MISS Big thank you to our British comrades!' Ukrainian soldier speaks after [INSIGHT] We must pay a high price to prevent [ANALYSIS] Eddie Howe's response to Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel's touchline antics [INSIGHT] "Russian criticism of NATO enlargement is not a new thing, it is their longstanding position. The threat came as bigger news abroad but it is nothing new here in Finland. "Finns are quite stubborn, we don't much like being told how we should think. Russia's attempts to make a sphere of influence in Europe is completely unacceptable." Since Moscow's threat, support for NATO membership has grown to 53 percent in Finland. The poll by Finnish broadcaster YLE also showed just 28 percent were against NATO membership. In Sweden, support for NATO shifted to 41 percent for joining the alliance against 35 who were against, the first time those in favour has exceeded those against.