The Kiwi-born presenter blasted Putin as a "child killer" in his GB News show yesterday. Mr Wootton started by lambasting Putin for his cautious attitude to catching the Omicron variant.  He said: "There is this prissy p***y Putin who sees himself as the real man but is so terrified of catching the Omicron virus. "Which in most cases is a minor cold and our 95-year-old Queen has just breezed through it. "But he's so terrified that he sits miles away from his own generals. "Who have been tested and have had to go through some sort of sanitation tunnel before even being in this dictator's presence."  Mr Wootton continued arguing that the Russian President is committing war crimes from his "bubble". He said: "From his bunker, the paranoid, Covid hysteric mad man is lashing out. "Putin bombs from his bubble. "He bombs civilians. READ MORE: Brexit LIVE: ‘Lack of ambition’ Furious row erupts as Britain FAILS  "He murders children in cold blood. "A boxed in coward with a botoxed face who is fast losing the faith of his generals and people. "He's already lost the West, who thought he was the man to modernise Russia but now view him as a despotic war criminal." Mr Wootton went on to praise Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky for remaining in Kyiv despite Russian attempts to attack the city and kill him. DON'T MISS:  French presidential hopeful sensationally attacks UK over Ukraine war [REVEAL] Ukraine support from UK furiously backed by Lord Hannan [INSIGHT] Diane Abbott and anti-NATO Labour MPs put on notice by Starmer [SPOTLIGHT]   He said: "A 44-year-old former TV comedian and actor who had fame in Russia before surprisingly entering public service in 2019. "He has remained in Kyiv even though there is a Russian execution order hanging over his head. "And there are already 400 mercenaries from the Wagner Group operating in the city just waiting for the opportunity to kill him. "Zelensky has shown the world true leadership. "He'd rather die alongside his citizens than evacuate the capital. "Zelensky's survival is critical for the future of the world because he is the real leader. "Putin is a child-killing coward." 