Christian Horner has said Red Bull “don’t know” how strong Ferrari and Charles Leclerc’s race pace is which could be a threat to Max Verstappen in tomorrow's race. Leclerc will line up on pole position after beating Verstappen by just one-tenth of a second. Verstappen looked on course to go even faster on his last lap and was up on Leclerc in sector two. However, he lost time in the final sector and set a time just slower than the Monegasque. Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz was third fastest with Red Bull’s Sergio Perez quick enough for fourth. Red Bull had been the pacesetters heading into qualifying and Verstappen set the fastest time in Q2. Horner said: “It's a little bit of a voyage of discovery because we don’t really know how strong their long-run pace is. We’ve got more to find out about ourselves. READ MORE: Christian Horner insists Mercedes will still be a 'big factor' “We had a decent run yesterday but it’s only going to be when the lights go out tomorrow that we really see what kind of shape we’re in. What’s the degradation like? How do these tyres respond? So that's going to be really interesting.” However, Verstappen hinted Red Bull had something up their sleeve for Sunday, warning it was important the car was set up properly for the race. He said: “You want to be good in qualifying of course but you also really want to make sure your car is working for the race because the tyres are really struggling a lot more there. It's a bit different to some other tracks." Leclerc tried to put the pressure back on Red Bull in his post-qualifying interview, warning he would go into tomorrow’s race with a “cautious” attitude. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell feels Mercedes took 'two steps back' in F1 qualifying [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton raises Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc worries [ANALYSIS]Charles Leclerc reacts to pipping Max Verstappen to pole in Bahrain [INSIGHT] “We had a decent run yesterday but it’s only going to be when the lights go out tomorrow that we really see what kind of shape we’re in. “What’s the degradation like? How do these tyres respond? So that's going to be really interesting.” However, Verstappen hinted Red Bull had something up their sleeve for Sunday, warning it was important the car was set up properly for the race. He said: “You want to be good in qualifying of course but you also really want to make sure your car is working for the race because the tyres are really struggling a lot more there. It's a bit different to some other tracks." Leclerc tried to put the pressure back on Red Bull in his post-qualifying interview, warning he would go into tomorrow’s race with a “cautious” attitude.  Speaking after claiming pole, he said: “It feels good. "The last two years have been incredibly difficult for the team. "We were quite hopeful that this new opportunity for us was an opportunity to be back in the front and I think we have worked extremely well as a team to find ourself again in a position to fight for better places. I will still stay cautious. I mean the pace is there, but the race is long and anything can happen so I need to stay on it."