Comic Ricky Gervais has long enjoyed delivering his career-defining gags - but "weird" actors are one topic he might not find quite so funny. Today, in a comment on Twitter, he questioned the "weird" nature of some in the industry, days after Will Smith slapped fellow comedian Chris Rock at the Oscars. "Dear TV and film stars, why are some of you so f*****g weird?" he challenged, in view of almost 15 million followers. "You're actors. Some of you, great actors. So just act normal. Simple." Robin Ince - who will be undertaking a Horizon tour with Brian Cox this year - took the opportunity to indulge in some banter with Ricky, as he reacted to the tweet. He quipped: "I like hearing this advice from a man who insisted I should be buried on a beach, hung up on a coat rail by parcel tape & who used to hide in my dressing room shower cubicle so he could leap out screaming. NORMAL."  READ NOW: Chris Rock breaks silence following Oscars altercation with Will Smith Ricky jokingly hit back: "Good point, but at least I never sat on ham to coax out anal parasites or drank milk directly from a cows udder, Robin." The Office star's tweet comes just days after Chris Rock was slapped on stage for making a GI Jane joke about Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith. She suffers from the autoimmune condition alopecia, which causes hair loss, which resulted in the difficult decision to shave her head. However, it has been reported that Chris had been unaware that she had a medical condition when he made the joke - and some onlookers argued that being compared to "strong" and "brave" GI Jane was actually quite a compliment. Will, clearly upset, hadn't taken the quip the same way, however, after he publicly yelled at the comedian to "keep my wife's name outta your f*****g mouth!" Ricky publicly told the world he would give as good as he'd got if Will had dared to punch him. Describing himself as "heavier" and "angrier", he made multiple comments about the scenario on Twitter - and when one fan asked him how he would have handled the situation, he said: "Smack 'em back." "Unless they're smaller than you," he jokingly added. "Then just smile." DON'T MISS... 'Heavier and angrier' Ricky Gervais on if Will Smith would've hit him [DEBATE] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet [LATEST]  He also teasingly taunted that his line of mockery would not have been Jada's alopecia, but the fact that she'd had a boyfriend in the midst of her marriage to Will Smith. The pair made it clear that they were separated at the time she had a short-lived romance with singer August Alsina, who had been 25 years her junior. Will has explained that at the time of the 2016 affair, he had been on the brink of ending the marriage to Jada, but they came through the difficulties and are still happily together. He has also shed light on public commentary that she had a desire for extra-marital relationships, explaining during an episode of Red Table Talk that she had "never believed in conventional marriage". Yet Ricky since chose to address the matter at a show in London, clarifying to the audience: "I would not have made a joke about his wife’s hair. I would have made a joke about her boyfriend." He chortled of that night's show: "I have not got any Will Smith material. I trended when that happened and I was not even there. “What has it got to do with me? People were going ‘What would have happened if Ricky Gervais had been [hosting the Oscars]?'" Twitter user, @layalldatt chose to highlight a serious aspect relating to the fiasco, saying: "U need to comment on the Chris rock assault."(sic) "The precedence of having to criminal charges for a public attack, isn’t going to end well for comedians on stage. People will start talking justice into their own hands if they feel slighted and expect it to be lawful."