Daniil Medvedev is set to play his first match as the new world No 1 on Saturday. He takes on qualifier Tomas Machac in Indian Wells but has admitted he is feeling the pressure to perform after reaching the top of the rankings. Medvedev ended the Big Four's 18-year reign at the top spot when he was crowned the new world No 1 in the rankings on February 28. He became the first man outside of Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray to occupy the top spot since February 1 2004, when he would have been just seven years old. Djokovic lost his world No 1 ranking after a record total of 361 weeks at the top when he lost to qualifier Jiri Vesely at the Dubai Championships. It meant the 26-year-old took over after a succesful last 12 months which saw him win his maiden Grand Slam title at the US Open and finish as the runner-up at this year's Australian Open. JUST IN: Djokovic defended by former mentor after vaccine controversy reignited  Medvedev himself was competing in another ATP 500 tournament in Acapulco when Djokovic lost his match to hand him the top ranking. Playing his own quarter-final later that day and defeating qualifier Yoshihito Nishioka, he admitted he didn't realise he had become world No 1 off the back of the Serb's loss. “I actually need to be honest, before Novak’s match, I saw that he was losing but I didn’t know that if he loses I’m gonna become No 1. I thought that I have to do something big here," he admitted after his 6-2 6-3 win, adding that it was "definitely some great news" to receive. But the 13-time title winner seems to have changed his tune slightly, sharing the burden that came with being the world No 1 as he arrived at his first tournament since ascending to the top of men's tennis.     "I think it’s a lot of pressure, but at the same time a lot of motivation,"Medvedev said of his new ranking after arriving in the Californian desert. With Djokovic hot on his heels just 150 ranking points behind him at world No 2, the US Open champion said he was eyeing the huge 1000 points that came with winning the BNP Paribas Open. He added: "I’m going to try to do my best. It's the same every tournament you play, try to gain as many points as possible. "Here it’s 1,000 points. But of course the draw is very tough, a lot of strong players, so it’s not easy to make it." DON'T MISSMurray explains daughter's hilarious prank that makes him 'awkward'Tsitsipas was close to retiring after injury left him 'helpless'Murray hoping to capitalise on Djokovic Indian Wells absence And Medvedev has a touch opening match on his hands as he takes on Machac, the Czech qualifier. Despite his world No 158 ranking, the 21-year-old is up for the challenge and admitted he's looking to get his first world No 1 scalp. "I’m really excited. I’m really looking forward to it. I will go to the match not just to fight or enjoy the moment, but I will fight to win the match," he told the ATP. "His achievements and his career have been unbelievable. I’m not the guy who will tell you that I will win the match,” "But I had a few experiences playing against the best players, Berrettini, Schwartzman twice. I had these experiences enjoying the match and now I think I have the experience to fight for the win against such a good player." 