State pensioners have been hard hit by the notion their sum will not rise as much as originally expected. The triple lock mechanism was predicted to provide a bumper eight percent increase for older Britons this year. However, due to warped earnings data, this increase was viewed as unaffordable. As such, the earnings element of the triple lock was scrapped. This year, the measure was a choice between whichever was the highest between 2.5 percent and inflation. Consequently, a 3.1 percent increase was agreed based on the CPI inflation figure in September 2021. READ MORE: State pension: DWP makes new commitment to triple lock But as the triple lock has frozen in the midst of a huge inflationary rise, and a cost of living crisis, some have called for more support for pensioners. Experts have pointed towards tomorrow’s spring statement by the Chancellor as a potential conduit for change. Steven Cameron, Pensions Director at Aegon, said: “After the government temporarily removed the earnings component of the state pension triple lock, state pensioners are due to receive an increase of 3.1 percent in April, based on the rate of inflation last September. “This is far below the current rate of inflation. DON'T MISSState pension payment dates to change for Queen’s Platinum Jubilee [UPDATE]Inheritance tax receipts soar again - Britons urged to take action [ANALYSIS]Virgin Money offers 2.02% interest rate and £100 gift [INSIGHT] “Setting the inflation component in September when the state pension is not increased until April has meant the pension uprating hasn’t allowed for significant rises since September. “While these should be reflected in the April 2023 increase, many state pensioners will be left struggling. “We’ll be on the lookout for any temporary targeted support the Chancellor may grant. “We’d welcome the Chancellor committing to a reinstatement of the earnings component in the triple lock from next April.” This sentiment was also shared by Becky O’Connor, Head of Pensions and Savings at interactive investor, who said: “Pensioners can’t go out and ‘side hustle’ their way out of a cost of living crisis. “Without help, they might end up in debt, which is very hard to get out of when you have no income and your costs exceed your pension.” As a result, Ms O’Connor has called upon the Chancellor to reinstate the triple lock on time as promised. She has also called for the Government to provide emergency support to prevent poverty amongst older people as soon as possible. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Recently, a DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The one-year move to temporarily suspend the triple lock ensures fairness for both pensioners and taxpayers, and follows action we took last year to protect pensioner incomes. “We know this has been a challenging time for many people, which is why we’re providing support worth around £12billion this financial year and next to help households across the country with the cost of living. “A further £9billion was recently announced by the Chancellor to protect against the impact of rising global energy prices.”