Nick Kyrgios and Rafael Nadal are meeting for a ninth time in Thursday's Indian Wells quarter-final. The Spaniard is undefeated so far this year, starting the season 18-0 with three titles including the Australian Open while the 26-year-old has a newfound sense of positivity on court which has carried him to the last eight without dropping a set. There will likely be no love lost between the two after their previous feuds which have seen Kyrgios hit Nadal with a ball at Wimbledon and the latter call the Aussie "disrespectful". Nadal holds a 5-3 win-loss record over Kyrgios but there has often been a sense of animosity between the pair in their matches. Even in their first match, when a plucky 19-year-old ranked at world No 144 stunned Nadal on Wimbledon's Centre Court to knock him out in the round-of-16, Kyrgios said he was motivated to defeat his opponent because of his mother's comments. “I saw an interview with her saying Nadal was too good so that made me a bit angry and that helped," he explained. During the current world No 132's win over Nadal in Acapulco three years ago, he underarm served multiple times to capitalise on the Spaniard's positioning far behind the baseline and saved match points en route to a three-set victory, complaining about the length of Nadal's pre-service routine throughout the match. The world No 4 and his uncle Toni were later critical of Kyrgios, igniting what was the latest chapter of their feud. "He lacks respect for the crowd, his opponent and towards himself. I don’t think he’s a bad guy, but he lacks a little respect for the public and the rival," Nadal said after the match, also hailing Kyrgios as someone that could be a world No 1 and Grand Slam champion. But his former coach and uncle Toni took things a step further as he slammed the six-time title winner for being "uneducated" as he said: "Rafa is totally right. He [Kyrgios] lacks education and smartness. He should be fighting for the top rankings and instead, he is No 40. He does not look like a bad guy but he has been disrespectful too many times to get back on track.” JUST IN: Murray's Davis Cup temptation as LTA hope Raducanu will help new deal    Kyrgios appeared on the No Challenges Remaining podcast later in 2019 and hit back at both Rafael and Toni Nadal. "He’s my polar opposite and he’s super salty," he said of the 21-time Grand Slam champion. "When he wins, it’s fine, he will credit the opponent. But as soon as I beat him, he has no respect for me, my fans or the game and I’m like ‘what are you talking about?! It’s not a good look. And then Uncle Toni comes out and says ‘he lacks education’. Bro, I did 12 years at school, you idiot. I’m very educated. I understand you’re upset that I beat your family. We do things very differently.” Their rivalry was further escalated at Wimbledon in 2019 when Kyrgios fired a forehand at the 35-year-old during their second-round clash, as Nadal narrowly avoided being hit by sticking his racket in the way. The former world No 13 later admitted he was purposely trying to hit Nadal as he said: "Why would I apologise? I won the point. I was going for him. I wanted to hit him. The dude has got how many Slams, how much money in the bank account? I think he can take a ball to the chest." Nadal was critical of Kyrgios' actions again, slamming him for the dangerous move after winning 6-3 3-6 7-6(5) 7-6(3). "It is not dangerous for me, it is dangerous for a line referee, dangerous for a crowd. When you hit the ball like this, you don't know where the ball goes. I know he's a big talented player, but I am a professional player too. I know when you hit this kind of ball, the ball can go anywhere," he said. DON'T MISSMedvedev facing more ban calls as Ukrainian player wants No 1 blockedNadal gives verdict on major shake-up affecting French Open chancesRaducanu given Grand Slam boost to bounce back after 'rough road'     The pair have played once since then at the 2020 Australian Open, with Nadal winning in an almost-identical 6-3 3-6 7-6(6) 7-6(4) scoreline. It was one of their rare encounters with little on-court drama, and the former world No 1 was full of praise for his opponent afterwards, saying: "It's clear, of course, that when he does stuff that in my opinion is not good, I don't like. When he plays good tennis and he shows passion for this game, he is a positive player for our tour, and I want my tour bigger, not smaller. So the players who make the tour bigger are important for the tour. When he's ready to play his best tennis and play with passion, is one of these guys." And the Spaniard seems to have gotten his wish as Kyrgios has a new lease of life, opening up on his new mindset ahead of Indian Wells last week. "One day I looked in the mirror and said that this isn't the type of person that I'm trying to be. And now I'm a completely different person. I'm comfortable in my own skin, I'm not trying to please anyone. I'm not trying to be anyone else," he said of some of his past on-court antics. Nadal is well-aware of Kyrgios' strong form so far this season, which saw him win the Australian Open men's doubles title with Thanasi Kokkinakis while the Spaniard was off winning the singles. "He’s playing great. He’s one of the toughest opponents on tour," the fourth seed said ahead of their clash. "Everybody knows how good he is when he’s motivated. Probably tomorrow, he will be. It will be a good test for me, a good challenge. But I’m just excited to be in the quarterfinals. I’m going to try to be ready for it."  