It has been reported that Western officials are concerned that Russian President could use chemical weapons in Ukraine's capital Kyiv. Sky News reports that, In a briefing to journalists, one official said: "I think we've got good reason to be concerned about possible use of non-conventional weapons, partly because of what we've seen has happened in other theatres. "As I've mentioned before, for example, what we've seen in Syria, partly because we've seen a bit of setting the scene for that in the false flag claims that are coming out, and other indications as well. "So it's a serious concern for us." Putin has once again displayed his ruthless streak in the world of geopolitics, and the Russian President remains an enigmatic figure when it comes to his private life. His personal life is something of a taboo topic in Russia, but in 2008, a Russian newspaper alleged he was romantically involved with gymnastic champion Alina Kabaeva, angering Putin. She was a pro-Kremlin politician at the time. One Russian newspaper called her the "First Lady, but in the shadows." In April 2008, the Moskovsky Korrespondent reported that Putin had divorced his ex-wife Lyudmila and was engaged to marry Olympic gold medalist Ms Kabaeva. The story was denied and the newspaper was shut down shortly after they ran with the story. That year, Putin said: “I have a private life in which I do not permit interference. It must be respected." He hit out at "those who with their snotty noses and erotic fantasies prowl into others' lives". Ms Kabaeva made her first public appearance since 2018 in August last year in order to allege Tokyo judges deprived Russian star Dina Averina of gold in rhythmic gymnastics. Ms Kabaeva then insinuated that Western nations had only given the Russian athlete a silver medal due to anti-Moscow bias. She added: "Many sports are judged by people from NATO countries. "Some people are decent, and some not quite. READ MORE: 'Extremely dangerous' nuclear warning as Putin 'blackmails' Europe  "Our athlete was bluntly and unceremoniously deprived of the gold medal." Putin has two daughters, Mariya and Yekaterina. Over his long political career, Putin always kept his children, now in their 30s, out of the limelight, never permitting them to be seen and rarely even speaking about them. Mariya - now known as Maria Vorontsova - was born on April 28, 1985, to Putin and his wife Lyudmila. She is an endocrinologist and has a career in medical research, and believed to be an expert on dwarfism. She is believed to be married to a Dutch businessman, Jorrit Faassen, with whom she has a family, making Putin a grandfather. DON'T MISS Putin ‘convinced’ West is dragging Ukraine away 'against its will' [INSIGHT] Drill for victory in fight for energy independence, says TIM NEWARK [ANALYSIS] NATO warships should BLOCKADE Baltic Sea to bankrupt Putin [INSIGHT] In June 2020, unseen pictures of Putin's daughters as teenagers emerged from the private collection of an estranged friend. They were released as part of a multi million pound legal case brought against the Russian state by former Putin confidant Sergei Pugachev. Yekaterina, 33, known by the family name of her maternal grandmother, Tikhonova, has gone from being a dancer to spearheading a major new Russian artificial intelligence initiative. She was formerly married to Russia’s youngest billionaire, Kirill Shamalov, 38, though is now divorced. Known as Katerina, she gained a doctorate from Moscow State University after completing a study on helping cosmonauts and pilots to orient themselves in difficult conditions.