Chelsea takeover candidate Loutfy Mansour has revealed he has no intentions to buy the club. Mansour, who has a Chelsea season ticket, had appeared to be in the frame to purchase the west Londoners after owner Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale earlier this week. Russian billionaire Abramovich appears desperate to let Chelsea change hands following his country’s invasion of Ukraine. Swiss philanthropist Hansjorg Wyss has reportedly tabled a bid with American investor Todd Boehly, the co-owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers, while Britain’s richest man Sir Jim Ratcliffe has also been touted as a potential buyer. Ratcliffe has distanced himself from the rumours and, according to The Guardian, Mansour has now done the same. “In light of the recent media speculation, we want to make it clear that we are not pursuing a bid for Chelsea Football Club at this time,” a spokesman for Mansour told the publication. Abramovich bought Chelsea in 2003 and his ownership of the club has led to a highly successful period at Stamford Bridge. READ MORE: Shakhtar Donetsk chief directs anger at Russian players after youth coach killed by shell  During the 55-year-old’s time in charge of the Blues, Chelsea have won a staggering 21 trophies, including two Champions Leagues and five Premier Leagues. But Abramovich is said to be worried that his assets in London will be frozen in the wake of Russia’s actions and wants to sell the club quickly. “I would like to address the speculation in media over the past few days in relation to my ownership of Chelsea FC,” Abramovich said in a statement earlier this week. “As I have stated before, I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart. DON'T MISSMan Utd 'make decision' on Cristiano Ronaldo and Anthony Martial's futuresSix relegation-threatened stars Man Utd can add to cut-price summer transfer shortlistMan Utd 'could offload 11 players' in mass exodus with three managers under consideration    “In the current situation, I have therefore taken the decision to sell the club, as I believe this is in the best interest of the club, the fans, the employees, as well as the club’s sponsors and partners. “The sale of the club will not be fast-tracked but will follow due process. I will not be asking for any loans to be repaid. “This has never been about business nor money for me, but about pure passion for the game and club. “Moreover, I have instructed my team to set up a charitable foundation where all net proceeds from the sale will be donated.   “The foundation will be for the benefit of all victims of the war in Ukraine. This includes providing critical funds towards the urgent and immediate needs of victims, as well as supporting the long-term work of recovery. “Please know that this has been an incredibly difficult decision to make, and it pains me to part with the club in this manner. However, I do believe this is in the best interest of the club. “I hope that I will be able to visit Stamford Bridge one last time to say goodbye to all of you in person. “It has been a privilege of a lifetime to be part of Chelsea FC and I am proud of all our joint achievements. Chelsea Football Club and its supporters will always be in my heart.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  