Mohamed Salah knows he could have scored a hat-trick for Liverpool but the Egyptian wants the Reds to learn a valuable lesson from their 1-0 defeat to Inter Milan at Anfield. Jurgen Klopp's side were able to squeeze over the line and book their place in the quarter-finals despite not finding the net, thanks to their 2-0 first-leg victory at the San Siro. Liverpool have more than enough chances to win the game with Salah hitting both posts in the second half. Luis Diaz nearly levelled things up on the night when Arturo Vidal somehow blocked his low effort brilliantly. There were also plenty of other half-chances but Liverpool just couldn't find the target for one night only. Lautaro Martinez's stunning winner - which proved irrelevant come the final whistle - gave Liverpool a real scare before Alexis Sanchez's red card killed Inter's momentum.  DON'T MISS: Liverpool's unpolished gem Curtis Jones proves Reds still miss Philippe Coutinho magic However, there were lessons to be learned from the sobering defeat, as Salah pointed out. "We need to start better from the beginning, we need to push a little bit more, maybe in the back of our mind we felt we were a little bit overconfident, but it’s a good game for us to take and learn from," he told BT Sport. "It’s always important to win a game, but like tonight we hit the post twice, had a lot of chances, but that can happen in football and the good thing is that we qualified." Salah knew he was partially to blame and he wants to sharpen up his finishing pronto.  DON'T MISSLiverpool's unpolished gem Curtis Jones proves Reds still miss Philippe Coutinho magicChelsea 'working on' two big summer transfers before Roman Abramovich sale decisionLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp bellows at UEFA officials over Inter Milan medical emergency The razor-sharp forward was not his usual self after squandering a number of respectable chances. "They’re a tough team, they were very good in the first leg too," Salah added. "We were able to hold the ball up a bit more in the second half and were helped by the red card but we’re through to the next round so it’s all good. "I hit the post a couple of times, maybe next game I’ll score three but the most important thing is that the team performed to get us through." VIDEO - RYAN TAYLOR BRINGS YOU THE LATEST TRANSFER NEWS AS ASTON VILLA EYE FRANCK KESSIE AND LUIS SUAREZ Liverpool are still in contention for all three trophies - the Premier League, Champions League and FA Cup - as they look to add more silverware to their Carabao Cup success at Wembley against Chelsea. But they will know they have to be better than they showed tonight against Inter if they are to get over the line. Former Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana still felt his former team-mates had done enough to make the last-eight, despite an underwhelming performance by their usual stands. "It doesn't matter that Liverpool have lost their unbeaten home record. It doesn't feel like a defeat. They've gone through over the course of two legs and they were relatively comfortable tonight," he told 5Live. "Inter could have capitalised on some nerves from Liverpool after their goal but they didn't take that chance because of the red card and the momentum shifted back to Liverpool."