The remark was the opening quip in his address at the Annual Friends of Ireland Luncheon in Washington. Addressing the gathering, Mr Biden said: “I may be Irish, but I’m not stupid.”  His full sentence, according to the White House transcript, was: “Father, before I begin — bless me, Father, for I’m about to sin. “I — well, I just want you to know, I may be Irish, but I’m not stupid. I married Dominic Giacoppa’s daughter.” However, the remark did not go down well with the Irish residents who were furious with Biden's apparent joke. One of the Twitter users, SkyFlower, wrote: “Did he just call the people of Ireland stupid?”   Another user, Broncos_Jim, tweeted: “So he's implying that most Irish are stupid?” Another user, exRAF_AI, tweeted: “There goes the Irish vote. Imagine the reaction if Trump had called the Irish stupid? The guy’s an embarrassment.” Mr Biden went on to say: “I’m the proud son of Catherine Eugenia Finnegan Biden. “And like so many Americans of Irish heritage, I love Ireland and I was raised in a circumstance where you would have thought my whole family — none of — they came in 1844 and 1845, but you’d think they’d all lived in Ireland the last 60 years — the previous 60 years... READ MORE: Putin hints at imminent climbdown as Russia sets out key demand “Irish Americans think they’re more Irish than the Irish. “And — but that’s kind of how I was raised, like so many Americans of Irish heritage — like other people of other heritage as well... “And — but, you know, the faith we share with one another and the resilience that we’ve all gone through, both in America and in Ireland, you know, are ones that we’ve been knocked down sometimes. Just knocked flat on our back. And my — my mom’s expression, for real, was, ‘Joey, get up. Just get up. Get up.’ DON'T MISS:Tory MP U-turns on Boris support as country faces ‘national emergency'Royal Family LIVE: 'Condemn them!' Harry and Meghan called outPutin issues warning to the West after Biden brands 'war criminal' “It’s a simple proposition. It was sort of the Irish of it. You just get up, no matter what. Dust yourself off and move. “Not — we’re not the only culture that has that view, but it was imbued in my family.” (sic) 