As the war approaches the end of its third week, fierce battles continue to rage across the country. Vladimir Putin's army is struggling to achieve its military objectives due largely to a combination of poor tactics and logistical problems, as well as the skill and bravery of their Ukrainian opponents. Casualties continue to mount for the Russian tyrant, with recent estimates suggesting the invaders have lost over 12,000 soldiers. By way of context, the Soviet Union suffered around 15,000 dead during their occupation of Afghanistan. Now newly surfaced video footage has emerged, which shows the remains of a huge Russian military column wiped out by Ukrainian troops in the Kharkiv Oblast. Images show burnt out and destroyed Russian armour strewed out for kilometres along a road in the area of Staryi Saltiv. The video was taken by two women driving in a car along a country road. As they approach the scene of destruction one says: "Ahead I can see a big melee." When they come across the first burnt-out Russian military vehicle, she continues: "There you are, you Russian dogs - this is your military equipment. "And your soldiers are scattered around rotting." They proceed to drive further, passing numerous destroyed trucks that look to have been part of a supply convoy. The woman continues: "That is what will happen to anyone who invades our land. "Everyone can expect such horror." She then grimly remarks that human remains, detached arms and legs, can be seen lying on the ground. READ MORE: Father angers wife after not telling her he went to fight in Ukraine Staryi Saltiv, located on the right bank of the Donets river, is about an hour's drive from the city of Kharkiv. Kharkiv was in the front lines of the war from the very start of Russia's invasion. The city has been subjected to horrendous and continual bombardment by Russian forces, who are desperately trying to capture it. Charles Stratford, an Al Jazeera reporter in the city, described the scenes of destruction caused by the Russian bombardment. He said: "It’s an absolutely shocking scene of destruction and misery. "I am struggling to find words [to describe the situation]." DON'T MISSPutin more than capable of launching nuclear war 'He's a psychopath!'  [INSIGHT]Queen withholds royal sword in boycott of Russia [REVEAL]Hillary Clinton mocks Russia as Putin slaps Americans with sanctions [SPOTLIGHT] On Wednesday, the Ukrainian Armed Forces claimed they had inflicted "devastating blows on groups of occupying troops." They said the Ukrainian airforce destroyed three Russian warplanes, one helicopter, three unmanned aerial vehicles and shot down two missiles. Ukraine's army also said that while Russia continued to bomb "densely populated areas of Ukrainian cities" this week, its troops failed to advance on several fronts, including Donestk, Luhansk and Mykolaiv. The statement added: "The enemy continues to bear losses on retreats in certain areas."