Pests such as aphids, slugs and white fly can cause a lot of damage to plants in the spring and summer months. Tomatoes and lettuces, among other crops, are often targeted by pests and can sometimes lead to the plant dying. In an episode of Grow, cook, eat, arrange with Sarah Raven and Arthur Parkinson from April last year, the gardening experts discussed the benefits of companion planting. Sarah is a published author of eight gardening and recipe books and gardens at Perch Hill, her farm in East Sussex. Arthur was trained at Kew Gardens and, after graduating, went to work for Sarah at her farm in East Sussex to pursue his passion for growing cut flowers. On the podcast, the pair offered tips on how to pick plants and how they protect tomatoes and other crops from pests. Arthur said a lot of the companion plants used to protect crops and other plants from pests are cut flowers such as marigolds. READ MORE: 'Now is the perfect time' to sow popular flower - 'really great' He explained: “Both the English marigolds, the calendulas, and the French marigolds, the tagetes, both make the most fantastic flowers for pots, or in the flower bed, or in the vegetable garden.” Arthur said in the vegetable garden, the scent and the leaves help to “disguise tomatoes from whitefly”. The gardening expert said this is the “classic reason” why a gardener should fill their greenhouse with French marigolds and tomatoes. He added: “You won't get aphids then and it will look absolutely gorgeous.”  DON'T MISS‘Highly effective’ 30p trick to kill driveway and patio weeds [INSIGHT]Mrs Hinch fans share £1 baby product for getting rid of ants [UPDATE]Mrs Hinch fan shares 99p ‘game-changing’ tip to clean toilet brushes [ANALYSIS] Arthur said he was going to grow French marigold variety called “Linnaeus Burning Embers”. The flowers are a burnt orange colour and bees “love them”. “If you want to grow lots of tomatoes they are the things to plant with your tomatoes because they stop the white fly from, I think, being able to smell them.” Sarah said she has started to grow a marigold variety called “Konstance” in the greenhouse. They’re slightly smaller but have large, double mahogany blooms. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea In the years where she hasn’t used companion plants, Sarah found her cucumbers and tomatoes were “completely infested with white flies”. To get rid of the white fly, Sarah put a garlic candle in her greenhouse. “It wipes out the bugs and you get back to square one”, she said. She added: “From then on if we put loads of the tagetes in the greenhouse and also basil - that also seems to have the same effect - and mix the two we haven't had white flight ever since. So that's a really fantastic thing.”  Sarah also said a vegetable garden at Chatsworth, allows their lettuces to “go to seed” to help keep slugs away from the main lettuces. The lettuces that were left to go to seed were the “sacrificial plants for the slugs”. The slugs were attracted to the slightly decomposing ones and stayed away from the main lettuce bed. Sarah Raven’s new five-part podcast series, The Beginner's Guide to Gardening, launched on Wednesday and is available to stream via Amazon Music, Apple Podcasts, Spotify and Google Podcasts.