 The additional £74 million is provided through the world bank and it can be used on supporting public sector salaries, allowing vital state functions to keep operating, or supporting social safety nets and pensions for the Ukrainians. This week Boris Johnson is set to begin what Downing Street calls a “focused engagement” with world leaders on Monday.   The Prime Minister is expected to get his counterparts to back his six-point plan on tackling Russian President Vladimir Putin and will push other leaders to increase aid to Ukraine. Mr Johnson tweeted: “We must come together under a six-point plan of action to ensure Putin fails in his ambitions. “The world is watching. It is not future historians but the people of Ukraine who will be our judge.” The Prime Ministers of Canada and the Netherlands are due to visit London this week and join Mr Johnson on a visit to an RAF base to meet members of the UK armed forces.  During the week the leaders will engage in separate bilateral meetings and a joint trilateral meeting in which the PM is expected to push for sustained support of Ukraine. The three leaders will then host a joint press conference in Downing Street. The UK Government is due to send an extra £74 million to Ukraine to aid the people fleeing from their home after Russia launched its onslaught 12 days ago. Boris Johnson said: “In the time since Russia’s illegal and brutal assault, we have seen the world stand up tall in solidarity with the indomitable people of Ukraine. READ MORE:Queen is permanently leaving Buckingham Palace - inside former home  “UK aid is already reaching those who need it most, delivering essential supplies and medical support. “While only Putin can finally end the suffering in Ukraine, today’s new funding will continue to help those facing the deteriorating humanitarian situation.” Despite the funding increase, the Government has been criticised for not doing enough to help Ukrainian refugees apply for visas to enter the UK and that sanctions on Russian oligarchs came too slowly. Poland’s Foreign Minister Zbigniew Raw said: “Russia’s aggression in Ukraine has caused a humanitarian crisis of an unimaginable scale.” On Sunday, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees stated that since the war began 12 days ago, 1.5 million Ukrainians have fled to bordering countries, notably Poland. DON'T MISS:Do you think Meghan and Harry should bring Lilibet to meet Queen? POLL (POLL)White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it (INSIGHT)Loose Women's Linda Robson sparks uproar over Ukraine admission (REVEAL)  Since the visa scheme by the UK Government was launched on Friday, only 50 applications have been approved out of 5,535 by Sunday morning. Many people have taken to Twitter to criticise the Government’s approach, stating that the process is too slow and complex. Yvette Cooper tweeted: “This is too slow. Too many hoops for desperate families to have to jump through.” She added: “Shocking – Ukrainian families turned away by UK at Calais & told to go back to Paris for a visa. Priti Patel needs to get a grip. “Send an emergency UK Home Office team to Calais immediately to sort this out today & get desperate people swiftly through.” The Home Secretary denies that refugees are being turned away and has vowed that she was “doing everything possible” to speed up the efforts of granting visas to desperate refugees. 