Ryanair is one of the UK’s most popular budget airlines and many Britons travel on Ryanair flights. How can passengers reserve a seat? Ryanair passengers don’t receive a choice of seat when they make a booking and groups could be seated far away from each other. However, passengers can pay to reserve a seat of their choice when they make a booking with Ryanair. The airline states: “You will see the option to select and purchase a seat when you are making a reservation online or alternatively through the MyBookings section or during the online check-in.” Different seats will have different prices and passengers will be shown a map of the plane if they want to pay for a seat. READ MORE: Kate carries 'compulsory' outfit for Caribbean tour after 'tragedy' Ryanair says that passengers should be aware that the window seats in 11F and 12F do not have a window. It also reserves the right to reassign seats at any time for operational, safety or security reasons. An extra legroom seat will cost passengers £14 while a front seat will cost £7 per passenger. Standard seats cost £3 per passenger and reserved seat fees will not be refunded except in exceptional circumstances. Families have slightly different rules on seating and will receive a free seat allocation to prevent minors sitting alone. Ryanair states: "It is mandatory for children under 12 to be seated next to an adult they are travelling with. “In order to minimise customer costs, Ryaniar allows a free allocated seat to a maximum of four children per one adult that purchases a seat. “It will not be mandatory for any other adults or teenagers in the booking to reserve a seat, however they may choose to do so.” Seats in rows 18-33 will be free for up to four children per adult, according to Ryanair’s website. If there is a high demand, seats in rows 11-15 will be available to families under the same offer. Ryanair adds: “In the unlikely event that there are no available seats together on your flight, you must accept that you won’t be sitting together to proceed with your booking, alternatively you can select a different seat.” Customers that choose not to purchase a seat will be allocated one for free when they check in. Ryanair customers will be able to check in between 24 to two hours before their flight and will then be allocated a seat. Unfortunately the airline may not seat groups together even if there is available space at the free check in. Customers may also receive less desirable seats such as the middle seat if they do not pay to reserve a seat. The quality of free seats will usually depend on how busy the aircraft is and which seats are still available.