Winning jockey Rachael Blackmore described A Plus Tard as 'unbelievable' after the pair secured victory in the Gold Cup at the 2022 Cheltenham Festival. The dynamic duo returned to the race that they were agonisngly beaten in last year, after coming second to Minella Indo in 2021. Winning trainer Henry de Bromhead picked up the perfect result, after securing a one-two finish with A Plus Tard and Minella Indo taking the top two spots. This is of course his second Gold Cup one-two in as many years at the Festival, after this year's winner followed Minella Indo home back in 2022. Discussing yet another triumph the trainer said: "It's unbelievable, you know. With this sport and people like the Thompsons and the Maloneys, they give us the opportunity to train these amazing horses and we are extremely lucky. Blackmore rode a patient ride, before letting her runner go at the last and afterwards admitted that the speed of the race fitted her plan perfectly. She added: "I was happy, I was kind of where I wanted to be. There was probably more horses in front of me in the race that I wanted but I had the three or four horses around me that I wanted to be around me." Blackmore was then quizzed on whether winning the Gold Cup was the pinnacle of her achievements, and something she had always dreamt off. Rather modestly she responded: "Look when I took my licence I didn't even I would race at Cheltenham, let alone a favourite in the Gold Cup. I am so lucky to be getting to ride horses in these kind of races." Following a remarkable year many have labelled the Irish jockey as a true inspiration for young girls hoping to get into the sport, and the 32-year-old has encouraged all those watching to 'dream big'. "I never even dreamt that I could be doing this and I am," She added. "What I'm doing now is a dream I could never allow myself to have because it was not even in my reality, so I suppose you can never dream to big." Pick up your Daily Express every day of the Cheltenham Festival for a FREE £2 shop bet with William Hill which can be used on any of the sporting action! 18+ Terms apply. See tomorrow's paper for your voucher.