Married at First Sight Australia returned for season nine in the UK last month with another bunch of hopeless romantics eager to find their one true love through the social experiment. With the couples now wedded, each have their own challenges to face as they get to know their other halves and see if they truly are compatible. Whereas some are striving, others are finding the task a lot more difficult than expected on the E4 reality series. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.In Wednesday's episode (March 2), it was the start of Confessions Week for the Australian couples where they were tasked with confiding in one another. It was also time for them to move in together which is when Andrew Davis and Holly Greenstein hit another big bump in the road. She accused him of not giving her any "warmth" and making her feel less attractive and when things started to heat up, Andrew walked out. He told the cameramen as he took the elevator that he was going home to his daughter but is this really the end for them? READ MORE: Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up Married at First Sight Australia airs four nights a week, Monday to Thursday, at 7.30pm on E4. This has been the case since the dramatic reality show returned for season nine in February 2022. But there has been a schedule shake-up ahead of the next episode which is due to air on Thursday evening. Married at First Sight Australia is not going to be back in its usual timeslot. While the show usually airs at 7.30pm, instead, it will be back one hour later at 8.30pm on E4. This is to make room for Teen First Dates which is going to be airing beforehand with French maître d' Fred Sirieix back to welcome youngsters trying to find love. When Married at First Sight Australia does return on Monday, March 7 though, it will resume its place at 7.30pm. The TV schedule for next Thursday hasn't come out yet but if Teen First Dates continues weekly, then it could be that MAFSA will just be airing an hour later on this day from now on. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street Leanne Battersby betrays Nick Tilsley's trust  [THEORY]MAFSA: What happened to Jessica Seracino's first husband?  [EXPLAINER]Married At First Sight Australia: Are Selina and Cody still together? [CAST] Express.co.uk will update this article once more details regarding the schedule have come out. Going by the episode synopsis, it looks like it is going to be an exciting instalment on Thursday. The description reads: "Selin and Anthony's relationship is challenged by a confronting task, while Domenica is worried about the progression of her relationship with Jack as the chemistry they had at the start of the experiment has all but fizzled out. "Cody's level of attraction for Selina is called into doubt. "But when Selina asks the hard-hitting questions, Cody leaves her speechless with his answer, placing their whole relationship in jeopardy." There will be more of Married at First Sight to Come later this year as well with the UK version. E4 has already confirmed the show is going to be returning in 2022 but a release date hasn't been announced. Sadly, it could be a little while longer as the show was only recently doing a call-out for new contestants. Married at First Sight Australia season nine airs on Channel Nine in Australia and on E4 in the UK.