The fall in popularity comes as Mr Trudeau took a tough handed approach in quashing the protests, including the introduction of emergency legislation to deal with the situation. Nearly half of Canadians have now stated their opinion of the PM has worsened since the protests broke out across the country.  A poll by Nanos Research found 47 percent of Canadians said their impressions of Mr Trudeau worsened over his government’s response to the demonstrations, while only 20 percent said theirs improved. Another poll by the Angus Reid institute suggested 65 percent of respondents polled in February thought Mr Trudeau’s remarks targeting protesters worsened an already tense situation. When the protests started, Mr Trudeau called the group a “fringe minority” that held “unacceptable views”. The PM also upset the electorate last Autumn by saying anti-vaxxers were “often misogynist, often racist” and were a small group that “takes up space”.  Ashtyn Lammers, one of the protesters, told The Wall Street Journal: “This isn’t just because of small inconveniences like not being able to eat at a restaurant.“People have lost their livelihoods; their jobs. “Friends and families have been torn apart because of the division the prime minister has instigated.” Speaking of the vaccination rollout and handling of the Covid pandemic, Mr Trudeau said: “Quite frankly, it’s worked. We have seen the curves lower in Canada than elsewhere. “We’ve seen lower death rates. “We’ve seen quicker economic recovery because Canadians stepped up because Canadians got vaccinated.” READ MORE:Marvel's Evangeline Lilly calls out Justin Trudeau over protests  Shachi Kurl, the president of the Angus Reid Institute, said: “Trudeau once distinguished himself with the ability to effortlessly communicate via feel-good symbols and imagery. “He now unabashedly, unapologetically doubles and triples down on the politics of inflammation.” Much of the trucker’s demonstrations focused on the southern border with the United States. This also received criticism from the US.  DON'T MISS:Ultra-remainers FURIOUS Britain confronting Putin [REVEAL]UK intelligence outwits Putin using GRINDR [REPORT]Citizens urged to fly personal drones [INSIGHT] Speaking at the CPAC conference last weekend, former US President Donald Trump said: “The tyranny we have witnessed in Canada in recent weeks should shock and dismay people all over the world. “The radical Left is trying to replace American democracy with woke tyranny.“They want to do the same thing to America Trudeau has been doing to Canada – and much, much worse. “A line has been crossed. “You’re either with the peaceful truckers or you are with the Left-wing fascists.”   In February, during the height of the protests in Canada, a Maru Public Opinion poll found 56 percent of Canadians didn't have sympathy for the Freedom Convoy — and two thirds wouldn’t mind seeing their blockades cleared by military force. The same poll also found only 16 percent of Canadians would vote for Mr Trudeau based on his actions at the time. John Wright, executive vice-president of Maru Public Opinion and a 32-year industry veteran said: “The last time I’ve seen numbers even close to this was in the final days of Brian Mulroney. “I think this could cost him his job.” 