Journalist and political commentator, Brit Hume sat down with Fox News to discuss the war in Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been waging war on neighbouring Ukraine for the second week. Russian artillery has hit a Ukrainian nuclear power plant, causing worry for Ukrainian citizens who have been fleeing, and from global politicians alike. Mr Hume discussed what Putin was doing when striking a danger zone. The journalist also explained how much power Putin had, as he said Putin is in a position to turn off Ukraine's electricity if he wanted to. Mr Hume said: "Well I think the thing to worry about from that nuclear plant is something that Trey touched on, and that's that they're going to blow the place up or anything like that. "I don't think that Russians will do that, but they're in a position to turn the lights out in a big section of Ukraine. "Which would be devastating and people would be without heat and they'd be without electricity. "They would be without the things that they need to live, so this is why that capture of the nuclear power plant is such a big deal, in my view. JUST IN: Putin warning: 'Indiscriminate bombings' to intensify as Russia grows frustrated with Kyiv Due to the firing of artillery on the nuclear power plant, a fire started. Head of the Nuclear Power Plant, Igor Murashov said: “Nuclear safety at the Zaporizhzhya NPP has been broken. “We are doing everything possible, but the fire is going on, firefighters are not allowed. “There are great risks. Fightings are going on at the plant. The reactors are in danger.”  READ MORE: Vladimir Putin braces for 'years of resistance' as Russia hopes for quick war collapse Andrey Tuz, a Nuclear Power Plant spokesman said: “They bombed everything they could, including the reactor units and everything else." "A white car with representatives of the Russian military arrived to the plant." "It is now being decided whether we will negotiate with them.”  Putin has threatened any country that defends Ukraine by striking Russia in any way, of the possibility of a nuclear strike. Russia's foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said: "Today the dangers that Zelensky's regime pose for neighbouring countries and international security in general have increased substantially after the authorities set up in Kyiv have embarked upon dangerous games related to plans to acquire their own nuclear weapons. "Ukraine still has Soviet nuclear technologies and the means of delivery of such weapons.  "We cannot fail to respond to this real danger."