Properties tend to have skirting boards at the bottom of their interior walls. Skirting boards are put in place to protect the bottom of the wall from knocks from furniture and general wear and tear. However, like any other piece of furniture, skirting boards require basic maintenance to prevent them from looking worn out, old, or worst of all – dusty. Whether homeowners have got ones made from mahogany, solid oak or any other type of material, they will all need to be cleaned regularly to ensure they continue to look great and stay in good condition. Now, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have shared a “quick and easy” hack for cleaning dirty skirting boards. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning influencer with over 4.4 million followers on Instagram. Fans of hers have created their own groups on social media dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and advice. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning tips and tricks Facebook page, one woman asked for advice on how to clean skirting boards. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Kelly Ross wrote: “What is the best and quickest way to clean skirting boards please?” Unfortunately, skirting boards will always be a dust magnet but keeping on top of this can be “easy”, according to Mrs Hinch fans. The majority of cleaning fanatics suggested using tumble dryers sheets to clean skirting boards. Sarah Norris said: “Wet tumble dryer sheets. Using these makes the job so quick and easy.” DON'T MISS: Product to use regularly in the toilet to 'prevent build up' of stains [INSIGHT]'Remove and prevent it': Product to get rid of mould in your home  [COMMENT]Property: ‘Fantastic’ trick to make your home ‘more desirable’ [TIPS] Jen Elias commented: “Tumble dryer sheets catch and removes all the dust and leaves a light fragrance behind.” Julie Jordan suggested: “Use tumble dryer sheets, I’ve found that they keep the dust away for longer.” Dee Carter agreed: “I use tumble dryer sheets. It works a treat.” Alison Corten advised: “Whenever there’s dust on them I always use tumble dryer sheets. I swear by them.” Melissa Yea added: “Tumble dryer sheets, you won’t regret it and your house will smell amazing.” Tumble dryer sheets leaves behind a trace of anti-static residue for a fresh scent and effective dust repellent, which makes them perfect for cleaning skirting boards. They can be picked up form Wilko for £1 for a pack of 50. This works out as only 2p per sheet. Tumble dryer sheets can also be purchased from local supermarkets such as Tesco and Sainsbury’s for £1.80. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using an old sock to clean skirting boards. Kay Westbury said: “I put an old fluffy sock on and run my foot over them to dust them.” Stephanie Mcbride commented: “I keep all old socks and use them.” Tracy Ross added: “I put my hand in an old sock, wet it and run it along the skirting boards.”