State pensioners will typically only be able to receive PIP in certain circumstances. The Government explains: “If you’ve received PIP before, you can still make a claim if you were eligible for it in the year before you reached state pension age.” Those receiving PIP before state pension age can expect the benefit to continue to be paid. However, there is a major change on the horizon when it comes to PIP which is important to pay attention to. What is known as the Adult Disability Payment is a new payment being issued in Scotland for working age adults under state pension age. Those eligible will be people who do not already get disability benefits from the DWP. READ MORE: Britons urged to claim state pension boost worth up to £89 per week However, individuals who currently receive disability benefits will have their awards moved to Social Security Scotland. This will take place from the end of August onwards. What is important is that there will not be any interruptions to a person’s award. They will not have to apply for the Adult Disability Payment in order to receive it. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis issues stark warning on energy bills [LATEST]‘How is it fair?’ Fury as Scotland and Wales get free prescriptions [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax warning: Couples risk not being able to stay in home [ANALYSIS] As such, in a similar way to PIP, this will include older people who have reached state pension age and currently get PIP or the legacy benefit Disability Living Allowance (DLA). Individuals can expect to receive a letter telling them what will happen with their payments. They therefore will not have to worry about taking any action when it comes to the matter. As long as people remain entitled to assistance, they will still be able to claim the payment after they reach state pension age. Some 300,000 people across Scotland are believed to be in receipt of PIP. At present, the payment rate of Adult Disability Payment is set to be the same amount paid via PIP. There should be no break in a person’s entitlement to the payment. PIP is now perhaps a more familiar payment to people across the UK. It is designed to help with extra living costs if a person has a long term physical or mental health condition or disability. Individuals must also have difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The payment is split into two parts, each with two tiers, and what a person gets depends on their circumstances. The daily living part has a lower rate of £60 per week, and a higher rate of £89.60 weekly. It covers everyday activities such as eating and drinking, dressing, personal hygiene, managing medicine, socialising, and managing money. The mobility part helps Britons in getting around the home as well as out and about. Its lower weekly rate is £23.70, and the higher rate is £62.55 per week.