Prince William discussed his rugby rivalry with Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, during one of their engagements in Wales on Tuesday. And the Duke of Cambridge claimed to have won over his eldest son Prince George, who stood between his parents at Twickenham Stadium on Saturday as they watched the English and Welsh rugby team clashing in a Six Nations match. While speaking with farmers Gary and Jess Yeomans at Pant Farm, Prince William referred to the rugby rivalry with his wife by addressing her decision to wear a red scarf for the engagement. He said: "She's wearing a Welsh scarf today though. "It's a good family rivalry." Mr Yeomans then told him: "George is going to have to come on your side." To which the Duke replied: "Don't worry, he's already there." Prince William has been the patron of the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) since 2016. Other the past few years, the Duchess - a keen rugby fan herself - joined the Duke in cheering for the Welsh team whenever there was a key match. However, this changed last month, when Kate was appointed patron of the Rugby Football League (RFL) and Rugby Football Union (RFU). READ MORE: Queen drives to meet Kate and Beatrice at Frogmore House - inside home In this new role, Kate now has to cheer for the English team, being its patron - a move feeding the already existing sports rivalry and jokeful competition between husband and wife. Kate acknowledged the competitiveness within the Cambridge household on February 2, when she visited Twickenham to join a special training session with the English male and female squad and officially mark her new role of patron. Player Ellis Genge pointed out her new role would have her clashing against the patron of WRU, her husband. Kate, wearing a full England tracksuit, responded: "Ha, yes, what does that mean? We're terribly competitive.    "The fact we're now supporting two different teams is going to make things interesting." Kate and William displayed their competitiveness by challenging each other in 2019 during a charity regatta they hosted to raise money for charities close to their heart. During the Six Nations game on Saturday, which was won by England 23 against 19, both Kate and William represented their team's colours by wearing scarves. Prior to the kick-off, the Duke, Duchess and Prince George met RFU and WRU representatives. George spoke about his own experience with rugby after Kate said he started learning how to play it at Thomas's Battersea. The eight-year-old described how he has just started to learn how to tackle, before sharing a joke with his mum: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" Kate replied to the third-in-line's quip, laughing: "Yes you have!" He was also asked whether he was supporting England or Wales at the match. However, the boy simply shrugged his shoulders and smiled at William rather than answering the question. Speaking about the boy after the meeting, Commander Kirsty Marlor, who represents the Navy on the RFU Council, said: "I get the impression he's yet to choose a team. "I asked him which position he plays but I don't think he's got one yet."