Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid made it clear she wasn't impressed with Will Smith's behaviour at the Oscars. The presenter hit out at the Hollywood star on Monday morning as she shared her reaction to him punching Chris Rock. The actor hit the comedian at the awards ceremony after a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. Susanna told her co-host Richard Madeley, she didn't believe Will's actions were okay. Susanna fumed: "We're in 2022 and we're constantly arguing about equality and how important it is that women's voices are represented. "But, apparently a man still has to intervene on behalf of his wife and use physical violence," she said. Richard questioned: "So what if she got up and smacked him?" Susanna said: "I don't think anyone should be smacking anyone. "I don't know if I've made this clear enough this morning. I don't think anyone should be smacking anybody," she reiterated. Richard commented: "Okay let's just envisage that scenario. That joke is made about her alopecia. GI Jane ha ha very funny I don't think. "She nods and you see her on camera standing up and walking across the stage and saying 'Excuse me Mr Rock' smack. "Would you feel as strongly about it as you feel about her husband doing it?" The presenter asked. Susanna remarked: "I'd just like to make it clear for the third time, I do not think it is okay. "Unless somebody is in physical danger and you are required to protect them or you need to save them in some way by physically intervening, I don't think it's okay to slap anybody." Susanna insisted Will "can't use the excuse he's defending" his wife. She later fumed: "I honestly think at the moment there's quite a lot of justifying of someone who's just hit someone on television. DON'T MISS...Holby City’s David Ames shares emotions on BBC drama ending [MUST SEE]EastEnders Bernie Taylor star shares disappointment over co-star exit [INSIGHT]Tim Lovejoy teased by Sunday Brunch guests as segment goes awry [WATCH]  "Just remember, apart from the fact it is not okay to hit somebody, what is that saying to people watching? "In his acceptance speech he says, 'Love makes you do crazy things.'" "It's not okay to hit somebody," she reiterated. Good Morning Britain viewers seemed divided on the matter as they debated the debacle on Twitter. While many fans agreed with Susanna, some suggested she was going too far with her criticisms of Will. "#gmb susanna gets more woke every day! Stop with the dramatics, Will Smith was provoked and reacted to defend his wife #willsmithchrisrock #IStandWithWillSmith," @Pretty1nP1nk88 wrote. "Susanna Reid could win an Oscar with her completely OTT reaction to #willsmithchrisrock Can we get back to some real news now #GMB," @WillNesbit78 commented. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.