Gareth and Gemma Porter are self-funding a series of renovations to make their home suitable for the Ukrainian family-of-four, who are currently in Calais, waiting for the relevant paperwork to be completed before crossing the English Channel. Roman, a wheelchair user, escaped Kyiv on the first day of Russia's invasion. Alongside his mother, his sister and the sister's partner, he is soon to arrive in the UK to live with the Porters after the charity Solve linked them up. Mr and Mrs Porter had already ripped out the ground floor bathroom of their property and are now converting their living and dining rooms into space for them. They are also equipping the place with ramps and a disabled-accessible bathroom and kitchenette. READ MORE: Sturgeon will take in Ukrainian refugees ‘if needed’ Dad-of-six Mr Porter, 40, told Kent Online: "I'd like to think that somebody would look after my family if it was the other way round. "This will be their home for as long as they need it. "They might become part of the family, in which case we’ll build an extension." The Ukrainian family will join the Porters under the UK's Homes for Ukraine refugee scheme, which launched on Tuesday. Some 100,000 people registered interest within the first day. The plan was announced following pressure on No10 to do more to help those displaced by the war in Ukraine, which is entering its third week. Housing and Communities Secretary Michael Gove said there would be no limit to how many Ukrainians could enter the program. Each household taking in one refugee will be offered £350 a month, tax-free, and will not be expected to provide food and living expenses – though they can choose to offer this. Starting on Friday, UK residents will be able to individually sponsor a Ukrainian national's visa. Those initial applications, in order to have things "up and running as soon as possible", will rely on the applicant knowing a named individual from Ukraine they want to help. DON'T MISSHow to rehome a Ukrainian refugee - How to apply, checks and fee [EXPLAINER]Ukrainian living in UK speaks after Priti Patel's major ruling [INSIGHT]Should Britain open door to ALL Ukrainians fleeing war? [HAVE YOUR SAY] However, Mr Gove promised Ukrainian refugees with no family or other links to the UK can and will be hosted as part of the scheme. IOM chief Antonio Vitorino said: "Three million lives uprooted. Three million women, children and vulnerable people separated from their loved ones." The program joins the Ukraine Family Scheme, which allows relatives of UK residents to apply to come to the UK since March 4. According to the UN's International Organization for Migration, the number of refugees topped the "terrible milestone" of three million on Monday. UNHCR, the UN refugee agency, said 2,969,600 Ukrainians had fled across their country's borders, with the IOM adding that 157,000 third-country nationals had also fled. Mr Porter, a project manager for an Ashford-based construction company, is working on the preparations for the Ukrainian family with the help of relatives and friends. He said: "It's not just myself and Gemma, there's a lot of people chipping in and wanting to help." Of their first contact with the family, he added: "We Facetimed on Friday and it was quite emotional. "They were crying which was hard to watch. We asked what their needs were and all they asked for was somewhere they could shower and an area for Roman to sit on the floor so he can play with his cars. "That's all they asked for." Their communications are overseen by refugee charity Care4Calais.