Jenson Button has agreed with Max Verstappen's negative views of Netflix series Drive to Survive. Button has claimed he “doesn’t like anything that's not correct” in reference to the hit TV series, backing up remarks from Verstappen who does not participate in the show. Button warned he “knows what’s fake” when watching the show and claimed he was a 'purist' when watching races. However, he said he did “understand” that Drive to Survive has increased the viewership of the sport. He told the Metro: “No, not at all. I’m a purist, so I don’t like anything that’s not correct. This has been my world for so many years, I know what’s fake and what isn’t: when a tyre squeal isn’t a tyre squeal; when the commentary isn’t actually the commentary for the race. "But I understand it as well. It’s brought in a lot of fans around the world who might not have been fans before. I thank them for that, but as a purist… I like watching Sky Sports F1 to be fair [laughs], that’s where I am and I know it’s truthful. “It’s entertainment, which is good.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen makes Kardashians reference in dig at Drive to Survive F1 bosses have promised to stage talks between Netflix and the drivers over concerns around the show. F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali said it is “necessary the show does not move away from reality”. Most notably, F1 champion Verstappen has refused to participate in the filming of the show due to its 'fake rivalries'. The Dutchman doubled down on his view in Friday's press conference, likening the show to reality series like Keeping up with the Kardashians. He said: “I'm sure we'll talk about it with Stefano. But at the moment I'm not really interested to take part in it. DON'T MISSVerstappen and Perez not on same page over Saudi Arabian GP attack [INSIGHT]Hamilton’s angry Verstappen allegation explored ahead of Saudi GP [COMMENT]Max Verstappen on what would make him quit F1: 'I'd stop' [ANALYSIS] “It's also taking more time when we're already doing so many things. I saw the benefit initially of course you get more popularity, but for me now I think you reach a stage where it's a bit more like 'Keeping up with the Formula One world' if you know my reference. "I think it shouldn't be like that. It's better just to make a season review by F1 itself, that's nicer to look at. But that's my opinion. Nobody needs to share my opinion. I just don't like to be a part of it."