Netflix's Regency hit series Bridgerton is in its second instalment. Produced by Shonda Rhimes, the series has returned to screens with a chapter focused on Anthony Bridgerton (played by Jonathan Bailey), who is keen to find a wife. After meeting the perfect Edwina Sharma (Charithra Chandran), he falls for her charms and wishes to wed her. However, the heartthrob must earn the trust of her sister Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Making their debut, the Sharma sisters have nicknames for each other, Didi and Bon, but what do they mean? Warning, this article contains spoilers from Bridgerton series two. Throughout season two, the siblings call each other affectionate nicknames. Kate calls Edwina Bon, and Edwina refers to her older sister as Didi. Actor Chandran explained: “Didi just means older sister in Hindi. Bon, I have no idea [what it means]. “I think it’s made up,” she told Shondaland: “I think maybe they meant it like French for sweet?” However, Bon actually means 'little sister' in Hindi and the names are a sign of respect between siblings. READ MORE: Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode    Creator Chris Van Dusen intended for the Sharma sisters' relationship to be a huge part of the season. The showrunner explained why he was at the forefront of the series in an interview with Entertainment Weekly. He said: “I always saw the sisterhood relationship between Kate and Edwina just as important and crucial as the main love story. Fans of the Netflix smash-hit couldn’t help but binge-watch the latest season shortly after its release. Taking to Twitter, @katie_harkrider wrote: “Season two of Bridgerton has been out for less than 24 hours and yet, here I am…on the last episode.” @tomhollandsdaya shared a photo of Anthony and Kate, saying: “Omggg just finished season 2 I looooove these two #bridgerton.” (sic) @chaoticguitar remarked “I knew I’d never get over s2 of #bridgerton when anthony realizes Kate is ok and bursts into tears.” “I can never get over Jonathan Bailey’s performance throughout season two." “I will never get over how much I love this character, perfect romance hero. #bridgertonspoilers,” they said. @VANTEMETAL gushed: “Just finished binging and oh my god Kate and Eloise by far the best two characters this season #Bridgerton.” [Sic] @cheskahah reflected: “That end scene of Bridgerton season two… think I need to lay down in a cold dark room.” The season-ending episode showed Anthony and Kate joining the other Bridgerton siblings for another game of croquet.     The couple had married and Kate was officially given the title of Viscountess Bridgerton. Having travelled from India to find the perfect suitor for Edwina, the Sharma clan were desperate to secure their future. Moreover, Eloise Bridgerton (Claudia Jessie) discovered Lady Whistledown's real identity. Her best friend Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan) had scolded her friend over her obsession to find out the truth. Bridgerton series two is available to stream on Netflix       