In a move to rein in rising prices, the base rate rose from 0.5 to 0.75 percent yesterday. It followed an eight-to-one vote by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC). It said the blow from rocketing energy costs to household finances and the knock-on effect on economic activity was set to be bigger than first feared. But the shock to the economy from energy prices and Russia's invasion of Ukraine was "something monetary policy was unable to prevent", the MPC's minutes said. The widely expected increase means interest rates are at their February 2020 pre-pandemic level. The last time there was a higher rate was in February 2009. It also marks the first time the Bank has increased the rate in three consecutive MPC meetings since August 1997. Only one MPC policymaker, Jon Cunliffe, voted to keep rates at 0.5 percent over fears of the impact of the cost-of-living squeeze. He called for rates to remain unchanged as he "placed great weight, at this point, on the very material negative impacts of higher commodity prices on real household incomes and activity". The Bank added this month's rate rise was "warranted", with growth proving stronger than expected in January despite the Omicron virus variant. The gloomy MPC minutes also suggest there could be more interest rate rises on the way, with the Consumer Prices Index set to reach around eight percent this spring. They say if wholesale energy prices continue to soar, UK inflation could rise even further by the end of the year and potentially be "several percentage points higher" than the 7.25 percent peak forecast last month.The hike piles more financial pressure on households already facing a tax rise in April, soaring gas and electricity costs and rising prices at the pumps. Two million families will now face their mortgage payments increasing, according to UK Finance.  Personal finance expert James Andrews, of money.co.uk, said: "The Bank of England is treading a very fine line at the moment. Any move to raise interest rates simply puts more pressure on already squeezed households and businesses. "But failure to act while prices soar could be seen as a dereliction of duty. "Rate rises won't affect energy prices or petrol costs - two of the factors driving up inflation at the moment. But after its last rate increase, the Bank said it was acting to try to stop temporary rises in energy prices being turned into more permanent inflationary pressures through wage rises. "Sadly, if wages don't rise, struggling Britons will be forced to cut back spending elsewhere to meet essential bills or turn to debt." Mr Andrews warned: "The worry is that people borrowing to meet bills now will see even higher bills in future, as more of their income goes on servicing that debt as well as meeting their day-to-day spending needs. "That means, rather than stopping inflation, interest rate rises by the Bank could simply be accelerating the UK's path into a recession." The Bank now forecasts expansion of about 0.75 percent in the first quarter, up from a previous expectation for gross domestic product to remain flat. The jobs market has also held up well and is unlikely to weaken as quickly as expected, it said. On Wednesday, the US Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the first time since 2018, in an effort to cool rampant inflation. 