Only Murders in the Building will be returning to Disney Plus in the near future, under the Star banner. The mystery-comedy TV series originally aired on Hulu and it follows three strangers who share a love of true crime. The gang will reunite once more for the new season, which promises plenty of excitement. In March 2022 Disney Plus announced the series will return with season two on June 28. Following the shocking death of Arconia Board President Bunny Folger played by Jayne Houdyshell), Charles (Steve Martin), Oliver (Martin Short) and Mabel (Selena Gomez), race to unmask her killer. Yet they face a number of complications, one being that the trio is implicated in Bunny's homicide. The unlikely friends are now also the subjects of a competing podcast. READ MORE: Only Murders in the Building review To top things off, they have to deal with their New York neighbours who all think they committed murder. The series was created by Steve Martin and John Hoffman. Sadly fans of the stars will need to have access to Disney Plus in order to watch the second outing. Star is only available via the streaming platform, which requires a paid subscription. The cast announced the official date for the second season in a video for fans. After a series of outtakes, Steve Martin is heard saying: "You are probably wondering when season two of Only Murders in the Building is going to hit the airwaves." The trio teased: "It comes out... exactly on... oh, we are out of time." Finally, the official release date of June 28, 2022, is shown on the screen. Fans have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the latest update. MatthewTwihard said: "I’m so excited to see more @selenagomez in #OnlyMurdersInTheBuilding season 2 because she’s the best part of the show & the only reason I watch it. DON'T MISS... This Is Us' Justin Hartley issues stark warning about Kevin's ending [INTERVIEW] The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus delivers health update after injury [INSIGHT] Star Wars leak: Darth Vader 'returns in new film' with Clone Wars foe [DISCUSSION] "Also, I am really looking forward to seeing @Caradelevingne join the show, & I hope that she and Selena get the most screentime." [Sic] Kendyl Roedell added: "Couldn’t be more excited in 3 months!! #OnlyMurdersonHulu #omitb." Andrew King said: "Season one was b****y brilliant. Didn’t expect it to be as good as it was and cannot wait for Season two! These three." [Sic] The teaser footage shows Cara Delevingne, who will be joining the main cast as Alice. Oscars co-host Amy Schumer will guest star as a version of herself. Season two also welcomes Michael Rapaport, who will play a detective investigating Bunny’s murder. Aaron Dominguez stars as Mabel’s friend Oscar in the new series. The new episodes will air weekly on Star, so fans will have to wait and see what mysteries arise.  Only Murders in the Building season 2 airs on Star via Disney+ on June 28