  Former Loose Women star Andrea McLean, 52, presented on the ITV show from 2007 up until 2020. The star admitted at the time that she was worried about having to sell her house, and now she has revealed that those concerns have become a reality.      Andrea announced on screen that she was leaving Loose Women to pursue her own business project in November, 2020. Since leaving her ITV gig of 13 years, the star has devoted her time to her writing career, as well as her website and blog, This Girl Is On Fire. Many, including her own agent, told her that leaving Loose Women would be career suicide, but now, she has launched online self-help community This Girl Is On Fire on a global scale. She will also publish her fourth book this week, entitled “You just need to believe it”. READ MORE: Countryfile's Matt Baker fumes over family dilemma     However, the star has now admitted in an interview with the Sunday Post that she was also forced to sell her home “before it became an issue”. The star now lives in a rented house with third husband, Nick Feeney, and her two children Finlay, 20, and Amy, 15. She said: “We have only moved a mile away because Amy is still at school. We sold our house to invest the money in the business. “It was scary but we did it before it became an issue. We thought, ‘this is not happening as quickly as we liked’.       “It was emotional because that was the house I bought when I got divorced and it was my home for nearly 10 years, but it was the right thing to do. We want to be mobile,” she continued. “When you get to your 50s you really take a long, hard look and think, ‘I am at the crest of the hill and looking down, is this where I want to be? I am 52, I may only have 30 winters left. “Do I want to spend them in Britain? No, I don’t. I want to be somewhere warm and feel the sun on my skin. “One of the good things about the pandemic is that it has made us realise we can literally be anywhere. We are booked to go to Florida for at least a month to try it out.” READ MORE... Michael Caine’s brilliant point about Brexit: 'Rather be poor!' [INSIGHT] Dan Walker questioned over former BBC Breakfast co-star snub [LATEST] ‘We are so excited!’ The Repair Shop’s Will Kirk announces baby news [NEWS]      The star’s revelation that she had sold her cherished Surrey home with the hopes of spending winters in Florida comes after she voiced fears about losing it last year. Speaking to Natalie Anderson on an episode of The Capsule In Conversation podcast via The Sun, she explained at the time: “So [husband] Nick and I sat down and we worked out, very logically, leaving a job that you’ve done for two decades and it’s all you’ve ever known really, to absolutely turn right and do something very different, is a very emotional experience as well as a very practical one. “We sat down and said, ‘What’s the worst thing that can happen?’ “‘Right, I never earn a penny. We’ll have to sell the house. We may have to sell the children, maybe the dog!’       “We went through the list and once I knew I had coping strategies in place for every worst case scenario, I’d already looked them in the eye and said, ‘Yep, I can live with that’, and ‘I can live with that as well’.” Back in 2019, Andrea proved she was tough when she took part in the celebrity edition of SAS: Who Dares Wins. While she eventually had to pull out after being diagnosed with hypothermia, the star still describes it as a “life-changing experience”. You Just Need to Believe It: 10 Ways in 10 Days to Unlock Your Courage and Reclaim Your Power is available in bookstores tomorrow and can be pre-ordered for £11.29 on Amazon.   