White House spokesperson Kate Bedingfield responded to Trump’s comments at a press briefing on Wednesday, after the ex-president was asked about Hunter Biden’s former business dealings in Russia on the “Just the News” programme. Mr Trump requested that Putin should “release” the “potentially damaging” information on Hunter Biden. His comments have been criticised as “poorly timed” given Russia’s current military action in Ukraine. Trump’s response to questions about Mr Biden was: “I think Putin would know the answer to that. “I think he should release it.” Ms Bedingfield slammed Trump’s behaviour, saying: “What kind of American, let alone an ex-president, thinks that this is the right time to enter into a scheme with Vladimir Putin and brag about his connections to Vladimir Putin?  “There is only one, and it’s Donald Trump.” Trump’s own conduct has also been under investigation, as a federal judge ruled this week that the former president “more likely than not” committed a felony by attempting to overturn his defeat in the presidential election on January 6 2021. Trump had previously labelled the Russian president a “genius” for his military prowess before his invasion of Ukraine, but then condemned the attack as “appalling”.  READ MORE: Putin turns on ‘misleading’ military leaders His first impeachment came about after presidential aides revealed that Trump had threatened to withhold almost $400 million in aid and a visit to the White House from Ukraine unless they announced investigations into Hunter Biden. Trump also appeared to reach out to Russian hackers during his 2016 election campaign against Hillary Clinton, implying they could hack into her emails. He said at the time: “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails.”  DON'T MISS:UK snow: Bitter -7C cold snap to bring 8cm of snow [WEATHER]Brits face £2,000 council tax hit - 'Sick to the back teeth!' [LATEST]Britons fume as Spain allows rationing after supermarket shortages [SPOTLIGHT] After losing the election in 2020, Trump has hinted at another possible run for office in 2024, as incumbent President Biden has seen his approval ratings drop. A recent poll suggested that Trump would beat Biden by six points if an election were held now. Biden has hinted at another election bid in 2024, when he will be 82 years old. 