Formula 1: Drive to Survive is back on Netflix soon and the Formula 1 series features new drivers and rivalries. Viewers will once again learn first-hand how the teams prepare themselves for victory. This promises to be one of the most dramatic seasons yet, but when does it air?  A total of 20 drivers will feature in never before seen footage as they fight to become the new championship winner. The series is made up of 10 episodes, which will all arrive on the streaming platform at the same time. A trailer has been released and the teams explain how the sport is "cutthroat". Fans can expect fierce rivalries, including a title battle between Mercedes and Red Bull. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton shares doubts over Formula 1 career The episodes will air on March 11, just days before the 2022 season kicks off in Bahrain. The series should arrive at midnight for fans in the US and 8am for those watching in the UK. The trailer features clips from interviews with some of the greatest track stars. Dramatic footage details some terrifying crashes, as the teams explain: "It's not just about what's going on on the track. "It's everything that happens off the track." The racers declare how it is "winner takes all", with the Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton claiming: "It's constant warfare." The high-octane documentary series first aired in 2019, and it covered the 2018 World Championship. The upcoming episodes will delve into unearthed moments from the 2021 event. This season should document the title battle between seven-time champion Hamilton and Dutch driver Max Verstappen. Verstappen will not feature directly in the latest of Drive to Survive after revealing he did not want to take part. DON'T MISS... Toto Wolff explains what he 'hates' about Netflix's Drive to Survive [INSIGHT] Lewis Hamilton calls Max Verstappen a 'bully' in unseen footage [INTERVIEW] F1 chief warns Netflix they could cancel Drive to Survive [INSIGHT] In 2021 he told Associated Press: "From my side as a driver, I don’t like being part of it.” Interviews relating to the star's championship year are conducted with Red Bull team principal Christian Horner. Each of the episodes has been given a unique title, including Ace in the Hole, Tipping Point and A Mountain to Climb. Racing legends featuring this season include Daniel Ricciardo, Yuki Tsunoda and Valtteri Bottas. Rookie drivers Nikita Mazepin and Mick Schumacher will also be facing pressures on the track. The series is a Netflix original and can only be watched via the streaming platform. Season four is expected to be another huge success, with the third instalment having ranked number one in the world on Netflix shortly after its release. At this moment in time, not much has been revealed about the show's future beyond season four. However, McLaren driver Lando Norris hinted season five was already in the making on TikTok.  Formula 1: Drive to Survive airs on Netflix from March 11.