HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has issued a warning to Post Office card account holders that they have just two weeks left to switch their accounts. As a result of this change, Post Office account holders risk losing vital benefit payments which they are rightly entitled to. Some 6,800 Post Office customers, who get tax credits, Child Benefit or Guardian’s Allowance payments, need to transfer their account by April 5, 2022. Failure to do so could result in an interruption in when their payments are eventually received. As of April 6, HMRC is stopping all payments to Post Office card accounts at which point customers will need to make changes. Initially, the agreement allowing HMRC to make payments into Post Office card accounts was due to end on November 30, 2021. However, the tax body negotiated a one-off extension with the Post Office to allow payments to continue until next month. READ MORE: Council tax reductions explained: Who is eligible to pay less and how to claim Customers who have not already notified the Government body must update HMRC with an alternative bank account to have their payments paid into. Anyone who is in receipt of tax credits or Child Benefit will not be able to receive payments until this is accomplished. Many families rely on these crucial tax credits and benefit payments to get by so HMRC is reminding everyone affected to switch accounts as soon as possible. Those who are affected by this pending account change should have been contacted directly, according to HMRC.  The tax body claims that it has been reaching out to account holders since October 2019 to inform them of the change and give them enough time to react. Over 143,000 customers have already switched their accounts and provided HMRC with their new banking details. Myrtle Lloyd, HMRC’s director general for Customer Services, emphasised the importance of Post Office customers making the switch. “Time is running out and we want to make sure that no customer misses out on the benefit payments they are entitled to. “If you still need to switch your Post Office card account, contact HMRC to update your bank account details.” All customers can opt to claim their benefit payments to a bank, building society or credit union account of their choice. Those who now have an alternative account are encouraged to contact HMRC now to update their details. Recipients of Child Benefit and Guardian’s Allowance can use their Personal Tax account to update their details. Alternatively, they can change their card account details through the gov.uk website or by contacting the Child Benefit helpline on 0300 200 3100. People who get tax credits can update their bank account details by reaching out to the tax credits helpline on 0345 300 3900. Anyone who runs into any difficulty with opening a bank account should contact HMRC for assistance.