The new data has led one UK politician to state the impact of Covid in Britain "was over-estimated". Deaths from coronavirus that were officially recorded "represent only a partial count of the total death toll" across the globe when excess mortalities are factored in, a new scientific study has found. The Lancet study published on Thursday suggested the UK's death rate dropped significantly down the global rankings when the new measurement was factored in.  The study is entitled: "Estimating excess mortality due to the COVID-19 pandemic: a systematic analysis of COVID-19-related mortality, 2020–21." The study referred to an analytical model that is described as "the most comprehensive assessment of excess mortality due to COVID-19 to date". After factoring in excess deaths during the pandemic from all causes, the UK is now 29th in Europe and ninth in Western Europe in terms of death rate from the deadly pathogen. Clinical Epidemiologist Dr Raghob Ali tweeted: "Far from the UK having the worst death rate in Europe, or even Western Europe, as many still think, it is actually 29th in Europe and 9th in Western Europe.   READ MORE: Diabetes: Do you experience polyuria? The warning sign that strikes 'especially at night'  Taking into account excess deaths from all causes during the pandemic is considered "a crucial measure of the true toll of the COVID-19 pandemic". The study claimed the "reliability of reported deaths varies greatly between locations and over time". So, after factoring in the excess deaths during the period from January 2020 to December 2021, the death toll in nations such as Mexico, Russia and Brazil become considerably higher. However, in the UK, when factoring in excess deaths during the same period it suggests that the UK's mortality rate was overestimated. Michael Fabricant, Tory MP for Lichfield, tweeted in response: "UK Covid deaths over-estimated while other countries under-estimated. "A study published in The Lancet rates the UK 102nd out of 191 countries for excess deaths. "Bet THIS won't get prominent publicity on BBC News." 