There are delays on the M62 around Milnrow at J21, in Greater Manchester, and one lane is closed in both directions at J23 for Huddersfield. Around Greater Manchester, temperatures plummeted below zero overnight, after the area enjoyed days of warmer weather and patches of sunshine. Traffic monitoring service Inrix reported delays of up to an hour along the slow-moving sections of the M62. Congestion from delays at J21 and J23 have tailed back to J24. Estimates put waiting times for motorists between 50 minutes and one hour. Ahead of residents waking up on Thursday morning, the Met Office predicted snowfall around 7am.  Transport for Greater Manchester tweeted a warning to those commuting or travelling early on Thursday. They wrote: "It's a cold start across GM and snow is falling, particularly over eastern areas. "Take extra care on roads and pavements and allow extra travel time. "Some bus services may also be delayed, check with the operator before travel. READ MORE: Met Office warning: England braced for travel chaos  "Plan ahead for an easier journey."  Throughout Yorkshire, a yellow weather warning for ice has been put in place for a number of roads east of Bradford. A yellow weather warning covers the area around Leeds for Thursday, with the Met Office warning "snow and hail showers could lead to icy surfaces, with possible travel disruption". Travel alerts also show an accident between J21 Milnrow and J22 for Denshaw, with two out of four lanes on the eastbound carriageway shut to traffic. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: Boris urged to sack minister over disappointing deals [LIVE] Snow map: Where is it snowing right now? [MAP] Brexit poll: Do YOU think the UK should rejoin the EU single market? [VOTE]  Normal traffic is predicted to pass through the stretch of the M62 at 9.30 am. On the westbound carriageway between J22 for Denshaw and J23 for Huddersfield, a broken-down vehicle is also contributing to long delays. Normal traffic conditions are not expected until 10 am.