She may only have had a small role in No Time To Die, but Ana de Armas’ turn as Paloma received much praise from James Bond fans. Her rookie CIA agent helped Daniel Craig’s 007 fight off Spectre agents in Cuba, but sadly didn’t return for further scenes, having been added later in production after working with the lead on Knives Out. Nevertheless, the 33-year-old beauty left her mark as a Bond girl and has now shared some behind-the-scenes pictures and videos. Ana wrote on Instagram: “I’m in the middle of night shoots now and I just remembered those 007 sleepy, cold rainy nights! …found a video of rehearsals too… I had so much fun with Paloma tho!” The Cuban-Spanish star shared a couple of selfies on set in costume along with a picture of the Pinewood Studios Bond set. The highlight of the post had to be her incredible fight training in which she takes on several “armed” men. Before No Time To Die’s release, she opened up on Paloma’s role opposite Bond to Express.co.uk. Ana told us: “Of course in Bond films, glamour is essential. But I don’t really want to define Paloma just by what she’s wearing, as a girl in the gown and high heels. It’s just one part of who she is. She's a CIA agent from Cuba, and she's wearing this dress and these diamonds because she's on a mission and she needs to blend in, so everything is there for a reason.” Ana’s next movie Deep Water hits Amazon on Friday and co-stars her ex-boyfriend Ben Affleck, who she met on the 2019 set. The erotic psychological thriller’s synopsis reads: “A married couple who have fallen out of love with each other begin playing deadly mind games against one another that begin seeing those around them dying.” And later this year the Bond girl is starring in two big Netflix movies in The Gray Man and Blonde. The first is an action thriller co-starring Ryan Gosling, Chris Evans and Regé-Jean Page. DON'T MISSBatman: New UK poll reveals Britain's favourite Dark Knight actor [BATMAN]James Bond: Roger Moore's Octopussy predicted Putin says 007 producer [PUTIN]James Bond: Daniel Craig reveals BIG challenge Ana de Armas overcame [ANA DE ARMAS] As for Blonde, it’s a fictionalised biopic of Marilyn Monroe, with Ana in the starring role. The upcoming Netflix movie is based on Joyce Carol Oates’ novel of the same name. The Brad Pitt produced movie co-stars Adrien Brody as Arthur Miller, Monroe’s playwright third husband. Deep Water hits Amazon Prime this Friday, while The Gray Man and Blonde arrive on Netflix later this year.