BBC journalist and newsreader Clive Myrie joined The One Show hosts Jermaine Jenas and Alex Jones to discuss his return from Ukraine after being in the frontline of reporting for the crisis. During the discussion, talk turned to the recent death of US journalist Brent Renaud who was shot dead in Kyiv after being targetted by Russian soldiers. Clive detailed the procedures that journalists take when reporting on warfare and revealed they couldn't prepare for "out of the blue" attacks. After praising the bravery of the frontline reporters currently in Ukraine, Jermaine asked: "We heard the tragic news also of the American journalist that lost their life recently. "How are your colleagues doing over there, I mean, do you manage to keep in contact with them?" Letting out a sigh, Clive began: "Yeah, there are Whatsapp groups that keep us informed here of what is going on there. "It means they can talk to each other as well because we have different teams around the country, but at the end of the day, it is part of our job. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview "It is part of what we are trained to do in terms of hostile environment courses and how to deal with a conflict situation. "We have some of the best security personnel who are watching our backs, every precaution is taken to try and minimise the risk even though you are in the middle of a dirty war," he explained. Clive continued: "But things can happen that you don't legislate for, a sniper or some kind of attack out of the blue. "That seems to be what has happened with this American journalist, and of course, we all saw the pictures, you know Stuart Ramsay, a great colleague of all of ours and his car coming under fire in Ukraine. "You can't legislate something coming out of the blue, but you take as many precautions as you can, and we all talk to each other. "That is not just the BBC crews that are spotted around the country, it's ABC news in America, it's CNN, it's Sky, it's Channel 4 News, ITV News - we all talk to each other so that we all have a plan to get out if we have too. "But we all have a plan to know where everyone else is and where the safe areas are to go, and you have got to talk to each other, that is critical, absolutely critical," he revealed. Brent Renaud was working in Kyiv for the publication Time when he and two other journalists were targetted by Russian soldiers. DON'T MISS...Russian state television interrupted by placard-wielding protester [INSIGHT]'Give them a referendum' Farage suggestion for Russia-Ukraine peace [LATEST]'Misguided' Macron savaged for trying to steal Zelensky's thunder [WATCH] The two other journalists were injured and taken to hospital, with Brent's death being the first of a reported journalist covering the war in Ukraine. One of the journalists, Juan Arredondo, told an Italian reporter: "We were across one of the first bridges in Irpin, going to film other refugees leaving, and we got into a car. "Somebody offered to take us to the other bridge, and we crossed a checkpoint, and they start shooting at us. "So the driver turned around, and they kept shooting; there's two of us. My friend is Brent Renaud, and he's been shot and left behind... I saw him being shot in the neck," he said in a video posted on Twitter. In a statement published by Time, it said it was "devastated by the loss" and revealed Brent tackled the "toughest storied around the world". Sky News chief correspondent Stuart Ramsay and his four colleagues had also been attacked whilst covering the war in the last couple of days. They were driving back to the Ukrainian capital when they were ambushed, and as they tried to escape from the car, a bullet hit Stuart in his lower back. It was later revealed that the Russian reconnaissance unit was behind the attack, with Russian forces stepping up their bombardment in recent days. The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.