Lord Sebastian Coe has thrown his weight behind Sir Martin Broughton's consortium as the race to purchase Chelsea hots up. The president of World Athletics has joined forces with Broughton, who is the former chairman of British Airways, in a bid to buy the Blues. Broughton is the latest candidate to have gone public with his desire to strike a deal for Chelsea, who are currently in turmoil after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK Government earlier this month. As a result, the Blues are currently operating on a special license which allows them to run as a club but prohibits their revenue streams, restricting the sale of merchandise and tickets. And while there are long-term concerns over Chelsea's financial future if a takeover isn't signed off, the string of wealthy suitors who have declared their interest in purchasing the club over the past week has cooled those fears. Broughton, who had a short stint as Liverpool's chairman in 2010 and helped to broker the Fenway Group takeover, is the latest to join the race - and he was given a glowing endorsement by Coe. The athletics chief said in an official statement: “I am certain Sir Martin is the right man to lead Chelsea Football Club into its next chapter. "He has the vision, acumen and financial backing to ensure our club’s future success, keeping Chelsea at the top of European football and challenging for trophies. READ MORE: Chelsea may have their own Robin van Persie in star who Rio Ferdinand loves watching “But most importantly, like me, he is a lifelong Chelsea supporter and Shed End season-ticket holder. I know that this bid is for the millions of Chelsea fans around the world. We love our club and will always put the fans first.” Broughton has already confirmed that Coe will be offered a seat on the board if his consortium is successful in the race to purchase the club, as the deadline for bids loom. Friday is the final day for interested parties to submit their proposals ahead of a decision. Broughton and Coe's consortium comes hot on the heels of the Ricketts family - the owners of the Chicago Cubs - confirming their interest in Chelsea. The Ricketts family are backed by hedge fund manager Ken Griffin, whose personal fortune reportedly tops £20billion; making him by far the single wealthiest person in the race to snap up the Blues. DON'T MISS...Chelsea boss Tuchel overtakes Pochettino as Man Utd's No 1 targetDiego Simeone aims dig at Man Utd as Atletico boss responds to victoryRoy Keane's concerns over Harry Maguire coming to fruition at Man Utd The Times report that there could even be a potential link between Broughton's consortium and the Ricketts-Griffin group, although nothing is confirmed. Representatives acting for Broughton and Coe have insisted they are unaware of the identity of the financial backers of the consortium. A consortium consisting of LA Dodgers co-owner, Todd Boehly, Swiss billionaire, Hansjorg Wyss, and British property tycoon, Jonathan Goldstein are also in the running to purchase the club - however, reports in Switzerland have claimed that the trio are still searching for backers to help finance their bid. British billionaire Nick Candy is another interested party. The 49-year-old is a life-long Chelsea fan and has previously said he would have a fans' representative on the board if his bid for the club was successful. Woody Johnson, owner of the New York Jets, is another name in the frame.