The shock move has been announced by Russia's deputy defence ministry on Tuesday after negotiation talks between Russian and Ukrainian teams in Istanbul. Russian Deputy Minister of Defence, Alexander Fomin, said the decision was taken in the interest of creating mutual trust and the necessary conditions for further talks to take place. The general staff are set to reveal in more detail the decisions that had been taken after the Russian delegation returned to Moscow, Fomin said. Ukraine’s military said it had noted withdrawals around both cities. Ukrainian and Russian officials held face-to-face talks in Istanbul, Turkey on Tuesday.  Ukraine's top priority from the talks was to secure an immediate ceasefire, but both sides minimised the prospect of any breakthrough. The country is said to have proposed a neutral status in exchange for security guarantees in the latest round of talks with Russia, meaning it would not join military alliances or host military bases such as NATO. The negotiators told Aljazeera reporters the proposals would also include a 15-year consultation period on the status of annexed Crimea, which was seized by Russia in 2014, and could come into force only in the event of a complete ceasefire. Vladimir Medisnky, Russia's chief negotiator described the talks in Istanbul, which lasted for several hours, as “constructive”. READ MORE: Turkey talks: Is Putin dangling ceasefire in bid to buy time?    He said the proposals by Ukraine would not be passed onto President Vladimir Putin to consider what will happen moving forward. The chief negotiator also mentioned that a meeting between both Putin and Zelenksy may be a possibility in the event the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministries agree to a deal to bring the conflict to an end. Mykhailo Podolyak, one of President Zelensky's political advisers, said Ukraine’s proposal for security guarantees involves several guarantor states such as the United States, United Kingdom, Turkey, France and Germany. DON'T MISS: French firm in bitter row over Russia trading 'sponsoring' war [INSIGHT]‘Dangerous!’ China distances itself from the West over fear of NATO [COMMENT]​​Scholz issues chilling warning to Putin if he targets EU [ANALYSIS]  The countries would be “legally [and] actively involved in protecting [Ukraine] from any aggression,” Podolyak tweeted. He added that the Ukrainian delegation had offered to settle the issue of the Crimean Peninsula, which Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014, “exclusively through bilateral negotiations within 15 years”. Following the talks, the White House confirmed President Joe Biden will hold talks by phone on Tuesday with key western European allies. Biden convened the call for 9:15am local time (13:15 GMT) with the leaders of the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Italy “to discuss the latest developments regarding Russia’s invasion of Ukraine,” a spokesman said.  