And 61-year-old Colonel-General Mikhail Mizintsev, who trained in Kyiv during the Cold War and is famed for his brutality, has never yet failed to deliver. Hundreds of thousands of citizens remained trapped in the strategic port city last night, which is now without electricity and reduced to rubble following a merciless bombardment by Russian missiles and rockets which have struck hospitals and cost the lives of more than 2,000 men, women and children. It is no coincidence that the intensity of this seemingly endless barrage began to increase when Putin, finally aware beyond doubt that his strategy of a quick victory was doomed, ordered in his faithful Rottweiler. The forceful deporting of 6,000 inhabitants to "filtration camps" in Russia is another of Mizintsev's trademarks. As head of the National Defence Management Centre, the seasoned general is expected to resolve the stalemate across the whole country, and this has already resulted in a better use of Russian attack helicopters. But he has been ordered to make the securing of the land bridge between Donbas and Crimea his personal priority. That job was made more difficult on Friday when it emerged that Lt. Gen. Yakov Rezantsev, commander of troops on the ground in Mariupol, was killed by a Ukrainian strike on the 49th Army's command post. Established in 2014 for Russia’s campaign in Syria, the NDMC, headquartered in a Nasa-style Moscow situation room, takes charge of every strand of Russia’s military machine - from logistics and planning to coordination of resources and command-and-control - to provide “practical solutions for strategic decisions''. Mizintsev, then a Lieutenant-General, was handpicked to lead the new structure eight years ago and did not disappoint, coordinating a ruthless and barbaric campaign in Syria which saw the city of Aleppo finally obliterated by the use of cluster and incendiary bombs, while chemical weapons like mustard gas and chlorine resulted in the deaths of at least some of the 1,800 citizens who perished. He earned the name “Saviour of Syria” for his achievements which were euphemistically described as “leading the interdepartmental coordination headquarters of the Russian Federation for the return of refugees”.  Mizintsev’s name means “little finger” in Russian, and fans of the hit series Game of Thrones may see similarities with Lord Petyr Baelish, the scheming Master of the Coin who also carried that moniker. Both are driven by ambition and unrequited yearning; for Beaelish, this took the form of Lady Caitlin Stark; for Mizintsev, like his master, it is for the return of the Soviet Union. But, unlike Beaelish, there is little charm in Mizintsev, whose foul-mouthed public shredding of a junior officer lay bare humble roots in a small village in the icy plains of Russia’s eastern Vologda region. A leaked recording reveals Mizintsev ordering a unit commander to arrange the brutal beating of a young captain. “Why is his face not mutilated? Why hasn’t anyone cut off his ears?” an even-voiced Mizintsev is heard saying. Turning to the captain’s unit commander - a colonel - Mizintsev chillingly adds: “I ordered you, if you find a b*****d like this, to immediately round up his parents, his brothers and sisters, grandmothers, grandfather wife, kids and they should immediately be brought to me! “Just try and do it wrong one more time!” The brutal tirade reveals the humiliation and fear that drive Russia’s armed forces. It is the same fear which compelled six Russian generals to the Ukrainian front, only to be killed.  Like Putin, Mizintsev was forged by the Cold War. Sent to the Kalinin (now Tver) Suvorov Military School, north of Moscow, as a young boy by impoverished parents, he regularly took part in Red Square military parades. At 19, and devoid of influential contacts, he then went to Kyiv’s Higher Combined Arms Command School - which, though one of the Soviet Union’s biggest, was shunned by the elite. His career began in 1984 commanding a reconnaissance unit for a tank regiment in East Germany. These were the dying days of the Cold War, a feverishly volatile period when a quip by US President Ronald Reagan about “outlawing Russia forever” put the USSR’s entire forces on high alert. As he rose steadily through the ranks to become deputy commander of his regiment, Mizintsev’s talents were spotted by sponsors and, in 1993, he was entered into the prestigious M. V. Frunze Military Academy, a must for any officer wanting to climb to the most senior of positions. He is now thought to be conducting Ukrainian operations from Rostov, headquarters of the battle-hardened Southern Army, which has been waging war with Ukraine since 2014. With question marks over the relationship between Putin and his hitherto staunchest ally, defence minister Sergei Shoigu, Mizintsev is more crucial than ever. Last night it was claimed that Shoigu had suffered a heart attack after being harshly scolded by Putin over Russian failures. According to a leaked Russian intelligence report, Putin branded him a ”malingerer” and refused to give Shoigu medical assistance until he lost consciousness.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But yesterday the 66-year old army general made a brief appearance, reading from notes in an apparent crisis session to obtain more cash for his war from the Finance Ministry. There was no immediate proof of when the televised Shoigu session broadcast today took place, although it clearly referred to the ‘special military operation’ - Kremlin-speak for the war - underway in Ukraine. Speaking last night Dr Jade McGlynn, Russia specialist for the Henry Jackson Society think tank, said: “Mizintsev is important. There’s quite a lot of evidence that he is a favourite of Putin’s. “He is single-minded, and for him, the ends always justify the means. We’ve seen his attitude to his own troops in intercepts that were released last week. We saw a similar treatment of his soldiers in Syria. “The fact that he spent time in Kyiv is also helpful. Many officers have been chosen because they had some connection with Ukraine, partly because this adds a notion of legitimacy to the campaign.” Kyle Orton, a specialist in Russian forces in Syria, warned that Russia’s war of attrition in Syria had only just begun. “Russia lost Plan A, but this doesn’t necessarily affect the outcome of this war. We’ve been seeing a direct transfer of tactics from Syria to Ukraine. Throwing mass at operations is the only thing they know how to do. “Syria tactics were essentially Chechnya tactics and, in Ukraine, Russia is still ramping up to them.” 