Despite filming the crime drama in the heart of the Caribbean, Death in Pardise's Don Warrington, who plays Commissioner Selwyn Patterson, has opened up about the continued challenges the team face when filming. Ahead of the BBC series 11 airing, the actor opened up on the "funny" lockdown they faced and the positives that came out of it. The series is set on the fictional island of Saint Marie, which is filmed in the Guadeloupe Islands. Commissioner Patterson is one of the show's longest-serving characters, where he was first introduced to the series in 2011. During season 11, Commissioner Selwyn decided to take trainee officer Marlon Pryce (played by Tahj Miles) under his wing. As the series unfolded, it appeared that Marlon had left his life of petty crime behind him to throw himself into the police force. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role Speaking about filming the new series and the challenges that the team may have faced, Don revealed: "Every season is a challenge because you’re confronted with new stuff all the time. The story is new, and the people coming in are new. "I think it’s been good and, in a way, although we’ve been in lockdown, it’s a funny kind of lockdown because we live outside. "So, you don’t feel the same claustrophobia as you would in England. The doors are open, there’s a swimming pool and a beach. "The only thing was that restaurants were closed. On the face of it, that could seem to be a bad thing, but on the other hand, you have to cook, but it’s not a bad thing." In the finale of series 11, Commissioner Selwyn received a shock encounter from a familiar face from his past. The episode saw the death of a former chess grandmaster, right as he was in the middle of a highly-anticipated comeback match. Investigating what had happened, the team learned that he had been poisoned through his skin by one of his own chess pieces. DI Neville Parker (Ralf Little), DS Naomi Thomas (Shantol Jackson) and Commissioner Selwyn Patterson were soon on the scene to investigate. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert addresses rumour of another exit [INSIGHT]Death in Paradise fans distraught over Neville Parker confession  [LATEST]Ralf Little responds to pleas for Death In Paradise spin-off [WATCH] When they arrived, it appeared the Commissioner was shocked to learn a journalist covering the case was someone from his past. The journalist, Maggie Harper, is played by Doctor Who and Star Trek: Picard star Orla Brady and left fans guessing as to what her connection to the commissioner was and why he seemed so shaken. Despite his long-serving time on the show, little is known about the Commissioner's past, could this be something they begin to explore in a later series? Also, in series 11, Detective Sergeant Florance Cassell (Josephine Jobert) said goodbye to the island of Saint Marie once again. Speaking to Hello about her departure, she said: "I've been on the show for seven years, and you can stay in your comfort zone and keep on doing it or stop. "Which is a big decision emotionally and professionally, and try and move on and do something else. "It's not personal, I love the show, I'm so proud of it, but as an actor and as a person, it was time to move and try something else." Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.