 Emmerdale recently saw Liv Flaherty (played by Isobel Steele) and Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson) tie the knot in a secret wedding. However, their secret didn’t stay safe for too long as Vinny’s adoptive mother Mandy Dingle (Lisa Riley) soon uncovered the truth when their marriage certificate was delivered. It looks as though there could be more drama on the horizon for the couple as some stars from the ITV soap have hinted Mandy could come between them.   Lisa Riley, who plays Mandy in Emmerdale, and Bradley Johnson, who plays Vinny, recently spoke about their characters in an interview with Express.co.uk and other press. The duo suggested married life for Vinny and Liv may not get off to a smooth start as the couple have to endure interference from Mandy. Lisa hinted that Vinny will soon want Mandy to “shut up” and stop being “spiky” about Liv’s struggles with addiction. Regular viewers will remember Liv has a history of alcohol addiction, a fact that seems to concern Mandy. READ MORE: Coronation Street matriarch Aggie Bailey dead as Abi takes revenge?  Lisa explained: “Vinnie is saying ‘Mom, please she's turning round and curve balling her addiction. She's promised to make change’, and it just falls on deaf ears with Mandy over and over. “Whenever ever you think Mandy's gonna go, ‘Okay, I forgive you’, she comes in and then she'll be sneaking going, ‘Just remember she’s an addict. She's an addict’,” the actress said. However, the soap star insisted: “There's no malice there. It's coming completely from a really good place of love. "But tough love because the thought of Vinny having to go through what Mandy went through with Paul [Ashdale], living with an addict, that's what it's all stemming from.   Bradley chimed in, hinting Mandy’s protective nature of Vinny could soon go too far. “As we know Mandy is very, very protective of Vinny and doesn't want Liv to go down the route of, you know, the alcoholism and stuff like that,” he said. The actor revealed Liv and Vinny will suffer constant interruptions from Mandy in the early stages of their marriage. Speaking about Mandy’s behaviour, Bradley commented: “She's a bit suffocating in the fact that she might just walk in and just at any moment Mandy could arrive. DON'T MISS...MasterChef viewers ‘confused’ by format shake-up [MUST SEE]Erin Kellyman age: How old is the Top Boy star? [INSIGHT]EastEnders exit for Isaac Baptiste as he leaves Albert Square [SPOILERS]  “There’s no knock at the door and it's kind of like they have to accept that Mandy just turns up unannounced all the time. “She'll come and say ‘Right, I’m cooking for you tonight’ and she's very intrusive. "But as a mother-in-law, yeah, she's interesting, let's just put it that way,” he laughed. Could the Emmerdale stars be suggesting Mandy will cause problems for Vinny and Liv?    If the young couple aren’t able to escape Mandy’s intrusive behaviour, it could affect their relationship. Will Mandy end up driving a wedge between the newlyweds in the future? If so, Liv could end up leaving Emmerdale following a heartbreaking split from Vinny. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV. 