Amid growing pressure from Tory MPs and the Labour party, the Government promised that from next Tuesday it was streamlining the way it grants visas from Ukraine. Rather than those looking to arrive in Britain needing to travel to a visa centre to have their application processed, they can now apply online. Ms Patel had insisted that security requirements meant that applications must be made in person because biometric data such as fingerprints need to be collected. Speaking in the Commons this morning, the Home Secretary said given the severity of the circumstance, the biometric data would now be collected once Ukrainians had already arrived in the UK. She said the changes were made following assurances from the security services. Ms Patel told MPs in Parliament: "From Tuesday, I can announce that Ukrainians with passports will no longer need to go to a visa application centre to give their biometrics before they come to the UK. READ MORE ON OUR RUSSIA V UKRAINE WAR LIVE BLOG "Instead, once their application has been considered and appropriate checks completed, they will receive direct notification that they're eligible for the scheme and can come to the UK. "In short, Ukrainians with passports will be able to get permission to come here fully online from wherever they are and will be able to give their biometrics once in Britain. "This will mean that visa application centres across Europe can focus their efforts on helping Ukrainians without passports." More than two million people have fled Ukraine since Russia's invasion. The vast majority have sought refuge in neighbouring countries such as Poland. But the UK has so far only given out approximately 1,000 visas to those leaving Ukraine. READ MORE: Chernobyl crisis: Lukashenko turns on Putin to secure nuclear plant Five-hour queues have been reported at visa centres on the continent, with red tape slowing down the processing of applications. Ms Patel took action after a barrage of criticism from her own party. Former immigration minister Mark Harper had let rip at the delays, saying the Government needed to "grip the pace of this". MP Alec Shelbrooke described the system as "a disgrace". DON'T MISS:EU army demands soar as Putin threatens to wreak havoc on continent [UPDATE]Putin 'blaming intelligence service' as Russian Army being humiliated [INSIGHT]Ukraine growing 'desperate' to recruit more soldiers to fight Russia [WATCH] And former Tory chief whip Julian Smith urged the Government to "look again" at the British visa process and introduce a more "humane" policy. Ms Patel had warned the bureaucratic process was necessary as there were security fears Russians could attempt to infiltrate the UK by posing as Ukrainian refugees. "What happened in Salisbury showed what Putin is willing to do on our soil," she said. "It also demonstrated that a small number of people with evil intentions can wreak havoc on our streets." Responding to the change, shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said the Government's response to the refugee crisis has been "shameful". She said: "This has just been shameful, making vulnerable people push from pillar to post in their hour of need - week after week we have seen this happen. "It is deeply wrong to leave people in this terrible state. "Our country is better than this. If she can't get this sorted out, frankly she should hand the job over to somebody else who can."