Paul Cowland, host of TV’s Storage Hunters has said “there will be a way” to make sure classic cars can still run, despite manufacturers' desire to move to the electric car market. Fuzz Townshend, CAR SOS host backed up his comment, adding synthetic fuels will ensure classic petrol and diesel models “become even greener”. He said this would ensure drivers can enjoy classics with a “clean conscience” for years to come. Speaking to Manor Park Classics, Mr Townshend said: “People worry about where I will be able to get fuel. “Well there are already companies… where actually [they] sell race fuels and other specialist fuels as well.” Paul Cowland, host of Storage Hunters, said: “This talk of synthetic fuel, Porsche has done it. READ MORE:E10 fuel changes one of ‘big challenges’ facing classic car owners “Porsche have created a synthetic fuel. “So even if we don't want to pull it out of oil wells in the ground anymore, there will be a way to make these old cars move somehow." Mr Townshend added: “So they become even greener basically. DON'T MISSE-fuels instead of electrification could be a ‘lifeline’ for classics [COMMENT]Porsche will start producing its own synthetic fuel by 2022 [INSIGHT]Audi allows diesel cars to run on vegetable oil renewable fuel [ANALYSIS] Porsche’s synthetic e-fuel is made from a mix of hydrogen and pure carbon. The raw fuel from this mix is then converted into octane fuels which can be used in most petrol combustion engines. Porsche will initially start a pilot plant in Chile to see how the new petrol is produced. It is expected 130,000 litres of the new fuel could be produced by the end of this year before production is ramped up. It is estimated to be able to produce as much as 550 million litres by 2024 ahead of the 2030 petrol and diesel car nan which will see many switching to EVs. The new fuel is expected to be sold at Porsche centres or “lamp-post fillers” and could cost as low as just $2 per litre. Audi has also announced its plan to extend the life of its diesel cars through a synthetic fuel. They have approved the use of hydrotreated vegetable oil (HVO) to run in a string of their newer models. The new fuel is expected to reduce CO2 by around 70 to 95 percent compared to normal diesel. The new compound is also expected to offer “cleaner combustion” and a higher efficiency. Oliver Hoffmann, Chief Development Officer at Audi said there was still a focus on producing electric only vehicles from 2026. But, he added: “At the same time, we're optimising our existing combustion engine portfolio for more efficiency and lower emissions. “One way we're doing this is by creating the requisite technical foundations for the use of sustainable fuels such as HVO."