  Liz Hurley was not seen at Shane Warne’s emotional memorial service held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground today. The star appeared to be missing from the service celebrating the life of the cricket legend, to whom she was previously engaged.      More than 50,000 fans, along with plenty of global A-listers, gathered together today to remember the life of Shane, who is considered to be one of the greatest cricketers of all time. Shane died almost four weeks ago from a heart attack at the age of 52. He was on a boys’ holiday to Thailand when the medical emergency occurred and his friends and family were left devastated by the news. Shane’s children Brooke, 24, Jackson, 22, and Summer, 20, brought attendees to tears with their heartbreaking eulogies to close the evening. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet     His ex-fiancee Liz, 56, was also expected to make a virtual appearance but was nowhere to be seen, according to reports. The model and actress was expected to appear in a recorded message alongside other notable celebrities including Kelly Slater, Greg Norman and Chris Martin, according to Mail Online. Express.co.uk has contacted Elizabeth Hurley’s representatives for comment. Two weeks ago, Liz also expressed her “heartache” over not being able to attend Shane’s funeral due to filming.      The star shared a series of snaps from her engagement shoot to the famous cricket player, sharing the sad news that her work commitments would make it impossible for her to take the trip over to Australia for Shane’s funeral. She told her 2.3 million followers: "My heart aches that I can’t be in Australia tomorrow for Shane’s funeral. "I was filming last night and, with the time jump, I physically can’t get there. "These pictures were taken in Sri Lanka to celebrate our engagement,” she added. READ MORE... Paul Herman dead: Goodfellas and Sopranos actor dies at 76 [LATEST] Fern Britton on struggle to 'bounce back' from Phil Vickery split [INSIGHT] Salma Hayek angers fans by supporting Will Smith after Oscars slap [NEWS]     “We had all our children with us and it was the happiest time. Liz went on: "It still hasn’t really sunk in that he’s gone. "It seems too cruel that all the people who loved him will never have another Lion hug, but our memories will live forever. "RIP Lionheart, with love your Luna," she signed off.      Shane’s state memorial service was broadcast on all free-to-air channels Australia-wide, hosting tens of thousands of fans as well as ex-teammates, celebrities and the star’s friends and family. In attendance was Elton John, who dedicated a recorded version of Don't Let The Sun Go Down on Me to Shane's three children Brooke, Jackson and Summer. Australian A-listers Kylie Minogue and Hugh Jackman also paid tributes to their late friend. Ed Sheeran also played Shane’s “favourite song” from the musician's catalogue, Thinking Out Loud, in a recorded message from London.   