50-year-old Caprice Bourret was once known as one of the world's most prominent models. However, today, she used her platform to deliver a strong political message, stripping naked and giving the middle finger to war.  Baring her nude back for the camera, she displayed the words "F U WAR", which was scrawled across her back in black writing. Plus, in another photo, she wrote the same message just beneath her collar bone, shielding her breasts with her arm to preserve her modesty. Branding the invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces "absolutely disgusting", she also shared photos of herself helping to give out donations to the needy, and implored her 417,000 followers to do the same. READ MORE: Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star Though she is regularly referred to as "the most photographed woman in the world", having graced hundreds of magazine covers around the globe in her career as an international supermodel, her anti-war message has to be the most powerful and thought-provoking photo message she has ever delivered. The set of risqué pictures included Caprice standing beside a staircase, with her back to the camera and her two middle fingers raised defiantly in the air. She pixelated out the gesture, but her feelings were all too clear. Her tousled wet hair trailed down her back, but did not obscure the all important message written across her back - "F U War". The enraged former supermodel had previously taken to Twitter to lament: "Their [sic] is just no justification for the unprovoked attack on an independent state! "This is a reckless threat to world peace !!!" Flooding the post with crying emojis, she added: "My sad heart goes out to the people of Ukraine." Caprice, who used the hashtag #prayingforpeace, also reposted an informative photo of Ukranian president Volodymyr Zelensky, the country's first Jewish president, captioned: "His grandfather fought Nazis in WW2. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Claudia Winkleman issued health warning by famous mum [UPDATE] Susanna Reid details sons' reaction to men fancying her  [INSIGHT] Tamzin Outhwaite left 'in tears' over Liverpool's tribute to Ukraine [LATEST]  "Many of his relatives were killed in the Holocaust." Meanwhile, Caprice appeared in less glamorous poses - but with the same intense political message - when she went shopping for supplies in aid of Ukraine. Donning sporty leggings, trainers, and a black jacket with a furry hood - plus a pair of sunglasses, perhaps to conceal her supermodel status as she walked around the capital - she sent out a call to action for donations. "Lots of love and support today at The Ukrainian House," she wrote on Instagram, before elaborating: "went shopping for much needed supplies to help the people of Ukraine…. #nomorewar #theworldwantspeace." She also posted a message in quotation marks, reading: “Dear friends in London, I need your help for my country and its brave people. "We are collecting urgently needed supplies for refugees and those affected by the war in Ukraine. "If you have any of the items listed and don't need them or can share, please donate. "They will be delivered to Ukraine by volunteers in a few days, quicker than Red Cross or other large NGOs can get there."