PS5 STOCK - UPDATE TWO: PS5 stock hunters have one confirmed restock to add to their diaries for this week, and another potential stock drop to lookout for. It's been revealed that on Tuesday March 8 a PlayStation Direct PS5 restock will be taking place. If you have received an email invite for this stock drop then you will be able to place your order between 9.30am and 11am. Otherwise, for members of the public who haven't received an invite you'll be able to place a PS5 order after 11am. Also, it's believed Very could also be taking orders for the PS5 once again on Tuesday. This news comes courtesy of the ever reliable @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account who posted: "Confirmed PlayStation Direct Restock & Possible Very Drop". If Very do open orders for the PS5 once again on Tuesday then it will be between 9am and 10.30am. PS5 STOCK - UPDATE ONE: As gamers in the UK wait for the next PS5 restock for this week (beginning Monday March 7) it's emerged the next few days may give Sony fans another reason to cheer. According to the rumour mill, the next big PS5 games event could be dropping as early as this week. It's thought the upcoming stream could either be a new State of Play or a PlayStation Showcase event. Among the announcements tipped for the event are the God of War Ragnarok release date reveal, updates on previously announced games such as Final Fantasy 16 and Hogwarts Legacy, more info on PSVR2 and maybe even official confirmation of the heavily rumoured new entries in the Metal Gear Solid or Silent Hill series for PS5. A major PS5 games event for March 2022 is widely rumoured, and if Sony doesn't hold the stream this week then it could get pushed back to later on in the month. ORIGINAL: PS5 fans could get another chance to purchase the in-demand console from Sony this week. After a weekend restock at ShopTo, the UK retailer that PS5 fans will need to keep an eye on is Argos. It's believed Argos could be taking orders for the PS5 once again between Wednesday March 9 and Friday March 11, while GAME is expected to be open orders for the PS5 once again next week. This news comes courtesy of the ever reliable @PS5StockAlertUK Twitter account. It's believed Argos will be taking orders for both the digital and disc versions of the PS5. Unfortunately though, it looks like Argos has gone back to its pattern of releasing PS5 stock in the early hours of the morning, after a period when restocks went live around 8am UK time. In a post online Stock Checker said: "Stock Checker has been tipped of an upcoming restock by Argos, the choice of many customers after the PlayStation 5 console. It is expected that Argos receive small shipments of both the PlayStation 5 Disc Edition Console and the PlayStation 5 Digital Edition Console at some point early next week (week commencing 07/03). If this shipment arrives at the expected timeframe, we could expect a possible online and in-store restock of both editions of the PS5 console nationwide, at some point next week, most likely towards the end of the week (9th-11th March). If delays do occur (which is possible), the drop is then expected to take place the following week (15th-18th March)."  Speaking about when stock could become available to buy, Stock Checker added with the past few Argos drops PS5 stock has become available to buy between 3am and 6am UK time. If you end up missing the next Argos PS5 restock then you may have more joy with GAME. The high street retailer is rumoured to be taking orders for the PS5 once again between March 15 and March 18 with a restock time of between 9am and 11.30am. If you're wondering about the stock situation at other retailers, then here's the latest info for you.  ShopTo started taking orders for the PS5 once again over the weekend, with a range of bundles - which incldes Horizon Forbidden West or Gran Turismo 7 - available to buy. These bundles are now sold out, and ShopTo isn't the only online store who recently opened orders for the PS5 before selling out. Both BT and EE had more PS5 stock for the Horizon Forbidden West launch which has now sold out. While Amazon UK opened orders for the PS5 Digital Edition again last week. This came after orders for the Disc version were available to Prime members the week before (February 23). Express.co.uk will be updating this article with more information about the latest PS5 stock news in the UK for the week beginning Monday March 7 2022. So stay tuned for more updates! 