Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick has been urged to drop three players who are "broken" mentally. United take on Atletico Madrid in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 clash this evening. Anthony Elanga's second-half goal in Madrid means the tie is evenly poised at 1-1. United head into the game off the back of Saturday's 3-2 win over Tottenham at Old Trafford. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first hat-trick for the club in 14 years. But former West Ham striker Dean Ashton was not impressed by United, and Marcus Rashford in particular. Rashford has struggled for form of late and Ashton believes it is time he is left out completely by Rangnick. JUST IN: Liverpool delay transfer decision until 2023 with double exit expected  “Rashford, oh my word! I know I’ve seen it on TV but when you see it live, I could not believe the player I was watching," Ashton said on talkSPORT. “Shattered confidence, lack of interest, this is meant to be the club he’s grown up loving. "He’s supposed to represent the supporters from Manchester and what it means to play for Manchester United. There just wasn’t any of that there. “I think he needs taking right out of the way, out of the squad completely. There’s obviously an issue there mentally because he just doesn’t look right at all.” DON'T MISSFour managers Chelsea could turn to if Tuchel leaves after Abramovich crisis [OPINION]Arsenal can't afford to make Dusan Vlahovic mistake with Mikel Arteta target [COMMENT]Liverpool's XI next season if Mohamed Salah leaves and Reds sign £67m replacement [OPINION]  But Ashton also believes two more of Rashford's England team-mates need to be dropped. He claims captain Harry Maguire and left-back Luke Shaw, who is set to return against Atletico after recovering from Covid, also look "broken". “I don’t think we should just single out Marcus Rashford," Ashton continued. "There are a few players in that side who are completely broken. Their confidence is broken. “Harry Maguire’s one of them. I don’t think he’s a bad player, I think he’s had very, very good games. But he is broken.  “The pressure that’s on him every week, which is right when you’re at a top club like that, but the huge scrutiny is affecting him. He needs the help to get that back. “Shaw is another one, confidence completely broken. “You don’t just all of a sudden become a terrible player. As a player, if you’re not right mentally and in terms of your confidence levels you can look a terrible player very, very quickly. “But ultimately that can switch and that confidence can be changed… but at the moment I’d say there are quite a few players that are just so far below the levels that they’re clearly capable of.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here