With a post on Twitter, via its official account, the Russian embassy in South Africa expressed appreciation towards letters of support from the African country. The Russian embassy said that “Russia, like 80 years ago, is fighting Nazism in Ukraine.” This argument is in accordance with Vladimir Putin's statement that he intends to "denazify" Ukraine when he declared war against the Eastern European country. The full post of the Russian embassy read: “Dear subscribers, we have received a great number of letters of solidarity from South Africans, both individuals, and organizations. “We appreciate your support and glad you decided to stand with us today, when Russia, like 80 years ago, is fighting Nazism in Ukraine!” South Africa was one of the 35 countries that abstained from the vote of the United Nations General Assembly to condemn Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. During the vote, which took place at an emergency meeting last week, 141 of the 193 member states of the UN voted in favour of the resolution, which called on Russia to withdraw its troops. The embassy of Germany in South Africa responded to the Russian post on Twitter, with a message declaring its support for the Ukrainian people. The reply read: “Sorry, but we can't stay silent on this one, it's just far too cynical.” And they continued: “What Russia is doing in Ukraine is slaughtering innocent children, women and men for its own gain. READ MORE: History shows how the West can bolster Ukraine’s heroic fightGermany's law change on Nazi victims' descendants claiming citizenshipHorror as Russian troops recreating 'deadly Nazi siege' “It's definitely not ‘fighting Nazism’. “Shame on anyone who's falling for this. (Sadly, we're kinda experts on Nazism.)” An extensive series of comments supportive to the Ukrainian people who are facing the cruelty of Putin’s war followed. The conversation continued with input from the official account of the Russian embassy in the UK. DON'T MISS: Russian journalist erupts at lack of pushback against Putin media frauClive Myrie takes swipe at Merkel legacy giving Putin too much powerUkraine uses Russian-made missiles to take out Russian warplanes