Lewis Hamilton could decide to call time on his racing career in order to focus on his off-track commitments when his current Mercedes deal expires at the end of 2023, according to Sky Sports F1 expert Karun Chandhok. Hamilton is currently gearing up for his 16th year in Formula One and will be looking to clinch a record-breaking eighth Drivers' Championship title over the coming months after he was beaten to last year's individual honours by Max Verstappen. The Brit is widely regarded as the greatest F1 driver of all time after dominating the standings for the best part of the last decade and will be desperate to cement his legacy by sealing yet another title before his eventual retirement. He has previously stated that he does not expect to be racing at the age of 40, which suggests that he might already be weighing up the possibility of bowing out in the not-too-distant future.Hamilton is only tied down to Mercedes until the end of next season, at which point he will have reached the age of 38, and has consistently pushed to improve diversity within motorsport through projects such as Mission 44 and the Hamilton Commission over the last few years. Chandhok believes that he will be tempted to drop out of F1 when his current deal runs out in order to maintain his influential standing by fully throwing himself into his off-track activism."My personal belief is that it could be his last Mercedes contract," Chandhok told Express Sport. "I can see him walking away from the sport but to go cold turkey? JUST IN: Toto Wolff’s view on letting George Russell battle with Lewis Hamilton "He’s shown in the last two or three years that he’s capable of taking up a lot of projects outside the sport. He’s also, you’d have to say, an activist as much as many other things he’s doing."He’s got a lot of campaigns, I met with some of the people from Mission 44 in December to understand what they’re up to and they have plans for the future. It’s fascinating. "I can’t see Lewis going to race at Le Mans or IndyCar or anything like that, I can’t see him working in television, but I can see him taking up lots of causes and working on different projects outside of the sport."Hamilton will be hoping to get off to the perfect start by taking the chequered flag ahead of his Drivers' Championship rivals at this weekend's season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. It remains to be seen whether Mercedes will have the fastest car when the five red lights go out, though, after struggling in comparison to the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari over the course of last week's pre-season test. Watch every race of the 2022 F1 season exclusively live on Sky Sports F1 and NOW TV