Mikel Arteta watched his Arsenal side take a huge step towards a top-four finish in the Premier League and with it, Champions League qualification, after beating Aston Villa 1-0 on Saturday. And for the first time in five years, it seems his club are in the ascendancy rather than decline. Bukayo Saka’s strike was enough to hand the Gunners a crucial win and move four points clear in fourth place. But while the result was important, the performance demonstrated just how far Arsenal have come since the first three games of the season, playing fluid one-touch football to make life difficult for their opponents. It could prove to be the moment where Arteta finally allows himself to believe that Champions League football is coming back to the Emirates Stadium. His side have a game in hand on Manchester United as well as a four-point cushion, while Tottenham are a further two points adrift. The Spaniard could not hide his delight about Arsenal’s display, but conceded they should have been more clinical in front of goal: ”We controlled the game,” he told BT Sport. “We could have scored more and that is where we have to take the team. We have to put chances away; in the Premier League, you cannot dominate 96 minutes, this is impossible, but I'm really pleased with how we competed in every phase of the play. I'm really proud of the boys.” READ MORE: Arsenal icon Keown warns Arteta with surprising Tottenham prediction With Champions League football on the horizon for next season, there is no doubt their transfer plans will be key to their progress over the next 12 months. And if there is one problem for Arteta to solve this summer, as hinted in his post-match interview, the clear priority is to sign a top striker. He missed out on Dusan Vlahovic in January after the Serbian joined Juventus in a £63m deal. Then the Gunners tried to put together a package for Real Sociedad’s Alexander Isak, but the La Liga outfit demanded his £77m release clause be paid in full. The issue at hand for Arteta is that he could be left without a recognised, senior forward this summer. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was allowed to terminate his deal and leave in January, while Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah both have three months left on their respective contracts. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Arteta details two crucial transfer targetsCalvert-Lewin sends message to Arteta as Arsenal hunt transferArsenal's pursuit of Neves could spark exciting Arteta revolution Lacazette has scored just twice in his last 10 appearances, slotting in to a more supportive striker role with seven assists for his team-mates in that time. But if Arsenal are serious about catching the top three and making the most of their first potential Champions League appearance in five years, they need a top striker. The 39-year-old already spent £150million in the summer on six new signings. But Arsenal chiefs will surely feel more inclined to hand funds to Arteta to spend if they can see the team is heading in the right direction. And securing a top-four spot, when they have finished eighth in each of the last two Premier League campaigns, is proof of his stellar work with the squad. A deal for Isak could be revived this summer, particularly if the Swede’s club fail to make the Champions League in Spain. Everton’s Dominic Calvert-Lewin and Lille star Jonathan David have also been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium. While Manchester United prepare to enter a period of transition and Antonio Conte’s future looking uncertain at Tottenham, it is the perfect time for Arsenal to invest to close the gap on top three clubs. But Arteta can only do that with the right tools and a striker to unlock their full potential.