The animal knocked over Elon’s pram before plunging its teeth around 40 times into his tiny torso while his parents were out of the room. A court heard that in the months before the baby’s death, the dog had bitten one of Elon’s older siblings and regularly jumped into neighbours’ gardens causing panic. The pet had been “banished to the back garden” at the time of Elon’s death, but one of the children noticed he was missing that afternoon and went into the house to find the growling beast standing over the fatally injured tot. Medics were called to the home in Doncaster on September 13, 2020, but Elon was pronounced dead after being rushed to hospital having suffered multiple bite injuries. In December last year, Elon’s father Steven Joynes, 36, pleaded guilty at Sheffield Crown Court to a charge of being the owner of a dog which caused death when dangerously out of control. Elon’s mother Abigail Ellis, 28, had been charged with the same offence before prosecutors asked for a not guilty verdict to be entered in her case. Sheffield Crown Court heard that Ms Ellis had three other children with a previous partner who is now dead. Richard Thyne, prosecuting, said when Joynes moved into her home he brought the Chow Chow-Alsatian cross called Teddy. Mr Thyne said the couple’s neighbours raised their garden fences in the months before Elon’s death, with the next door neighbour describing how Teddy would leap into his garden “sometimes several times a day,” leaving them “uneasy and intimidated”. Another neighbour said they had seen Joynes “kick and shout at the dog for getting out” on a number of occasions. In April 2020, five months before the fatal incident, Ms Ellis went to a GP with her son, who had a bite wound on his right thigh, claiming he had been bitten by a stray dog. The child revealed in a police interview after Elon’s death that he had actually been bitten by Teddy. Elon was alone in the lounge in the pram while his father played outside in the garden and his mother was in the bathroom. A post-mortem report found Elon died as a result of severe trauma to his chest and abdomen with injuries “typical of having been repeatedly bitten by a dog”. Ms Ellis told police Teddy “became excited when he first saw the baby” while a dog behaviour expert’s concluded he caused Elon’s injuries “while investigating what was, to the dog, a strange object”. The dog has now been destroyed. Edward Moss, mitigating, said Joynes had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) following the tragedy and was having counselling. He said: “What punishment could anyone give to this man that is greater than the punishment he has already been given, and will have for the rest of his life?” Judge Jeremy Richardson QC said Elon’s death was “a tragedy waiting to happen” and that Joynes “should never have kept this dog”. He said: “You knew the dog was unmanageable and had vicious characteristics. “You had made no attempt to socialise the dog with children. All you did was kick and hit the dog, and put it outside. “You took no effective steps to protect any of the children, least of all your 12-day-old infant son.”