Mark Newbold told the judge following the hearing: “Thank you sir, God bless.” The offender, of no fixed abode, prefers prison to living in what he calls the “free world” and deliberately breaches the terms of his licence in order to go back behind bars. The 54-year-old was jailed for rape in 2006.  Since then, he has been continually sent back to prison for breaching terms of the sex offenders register. While in court on this occasion, and choosing to defend himself, the accused even had an opportunity to correct the judge who had mistaken the number of times he had already breached his terms. Jailing the defendant for another 12 months, Recorder Jason Macadam asked: "You are not represented today, Mr Newbold?" He replied: "I don't need representation, sir, because I am guilty." Recorder Macadam said: "Is it nine previous breaches?" Newbold said: "It's 11, sir." The judge said: "This is now your chance to ask for a reduction in your sentence but I don't think you want me to do that do you?" The defendant replied: "No, thank you."  Recorder Macadam said: "Sadly your wife died in 2017 which I rather imagine is why you prefer to be in prison? “Mr Newbold, I know you are deliberately breaching the notification requirements because you want to be kept in custody and you can carry on doing that. "But it would be better for you to try and work out a plan of how you are going to live in the community. “Give it a go, when you are released go to the nearest probation office and say 'please can you help me because I am struggling'." Newbold replied: "Thank you very much, sir, God bless."  READ MORE:Teenager gets jailed for just four years after killing Army hero Caroline Bradley, prosecuting, said Newbold was jailed for five years for rape in 2006. She said as part of the conviction he is a sex offender and is on the register. Ms Bradley said, under its terms when he is released, Newbold must notify the police of where he is living within three days. The prosecutor said: "The situation seems to be, in this particular case, he was released on November 5 and did not register an address with the police. “Therefore, he was arrested and he has been remanded into custody ever since. "He states that he wants to go back to prison and therefore he is not minded to comply."  DON'T MISS:M25 traffic CHAOS: Five-vehicle crash causes massive delays [REPORT]London's loneliest dog finally finds a forever home [REVEAL]Putin issues list of demands to end war HE started [INSIGHT] Mr Newbold pleaded guilty to breaching the terms of the sex offender register. As well as the new jail term he was ordered to pay a £156 victim surcharge. In 2019/20, the average cost of a prison place in England and Wales was £44,600 per year. Additional reporting by Martin Naylor 