The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge marked the famed Irish-themed holiday in Aldershot, 40 miles southwest of London, in the town's annual parade alongside the Irish Guards. While attending, royal fans noticed William paid a touching nod to Harry, who remains across the pond in California.   On Thursday, the Duke of Cambridge was seen donning his Irish Guards Colonel uniform, which has a sweet history behind it. Like many members of the Royal Family, William holds a number of military roles and along with them a vast array of uniforms. While visiting the 1st Battalion Irish Guards with Kate, William attended dressed in uniform for his honorary position as Colonel of the Irish Guards. Kate was also dressed for the occasion in a deep green coat dress by designer Laura Green with matching heels and hat. READ MORE: Kate has qualities that Diana and Fergie lacked ‒ Queen’s 'favourite' The St Patrick’s Day uniform the Duke sported has a resemblance to the uniform he wore in happier times with Prince Harry, experts have noted. When Kate and William tied the knot in 2011, the Duke was seen wearing the striking red uniform of an Irish Guards officer in a stark contrast to the black Royals and Blues uniforms seen in Harry’s wedding years later. The similarity between Harry’s wedding uniform and William’s Irish Guards uniform is noticeable. The two uniforms hold certain similarities including the gold rope detail, to the red-striped trousers, white gloves and layered chest design. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry urged to stop 'knocking' Royal Family: 'Destructive' [REVEAL]Fergie wears chic outfit with nod to Ukraine for 'heartbreaking' visit [UPDATE]Prince Harry called out for Invictus Game security worry 'Nonsense' [INSIGHT]  The royal couple presented shamrocks that were passed out along the ranks while the Duchess handed out a shamrock sprig to their regimental mascot, an Irish Wolfhound called Turlough Mὸr. Earlier that day, the royals also tweeted their well-wishes for the holiday. Following the holiday parade, the pair sat for the traditional photograph alongside all of the barrack's soldiers and then kept the celebration going at the Junior Ranks dining hall. The couple then met with some of the soldiers and their families and were toasted by the Senior Guardsman of the 1st Battalion. Their official Twitter account wrote: “Happy #StPatricksDay wherever in the world you’re celebrating today!”  