The device known as ‘Tru Cam’ is being used by police in the UK including in Gloucestershire where several drivers will receive speeding fines in the post without having been pulled over by police. Officers from Gloucestershire Constabulary were seen deploying the camera last weekend. Now seven motorists will receive fines after being caught with the new speed gun, reported Gloucestershire Live. A post on the Stroud Police Twitter account read: "Stroud Neighbourhood Policing Team has been out this weekend with the TRU CAM. "This allows officers to carry out speed checks without the need to stop vehicles to issue a ticket. PCSOs monitored Folly Lane, Bisley Old Road and Merrywalks. "Seven drivers will be receiving fines for excess speed." READ MORE: New diesel rules coming into effect in April is a ‘money grab’ Because the Tru Cam eradicates the need to pull drivers over, it reportedly cuts down on police administration. Gloucestershire police previously revealed several of its PCSOs in Stroud have been trained on how to use the new camera. The cameras have already been used for some time by a neighbouring police force in Warwickshire. Police say the LTI TruCAM II traffic and speed recording equipment is able to detect any type of vehicle and record its make, model and registration plate. DON'T MISSDrivers react with fury to city banning petrol and diesel cars [COMMENT]Cheapest place to buy petrol 'to avoid worst fuel price hikes' [INSIGHT]Fears diesel may be rationed after Russian invade Ukraine [SHOCKING] According to AutoExpress, The TruCam can automatically focus on a car approaching from half a mile away, with vehicle data uploaded to a database, after which a penalty charge notice is sent to the registered keeper. Using an integrated laser, the TruCam measures the time and distance between vehicles. It contains a digital camera that can collect and store HD video evidence of a speeding offence. The device itself is actually capable of reading number plates from up to 1.5km away, but UK police are calibrating theirs to 750 metres, in line with tolerances set by the UK Government. The previous generation TruCam - which could only be used during daylight hours - has been used by some forces in the country for more than eight years. Each of the new devices costs around £10,000. Laser Tech’s website states: “Speeding, tailgating, distracted driving and other traffic violations have met their match.The TruCAM II provides a high-resolution image which shows the licence plate number as well as a full-length video of the violation like its predecessor, the original TruCAM. “The upgrades for this traffic and speed enforcement laser allow officers the utmost in versatility.” Last year fines for speeding were increased as a deterrent to motorists breaking the limit. Motorway speeding fines went up to a maximum of £2,500. The current minimum fine for speeding is £100 and three points on a licence. It is possible to avoid fines in some circumstances, however, these are limited. For those committing their first offence, it is possible to avoid both the points and fine by attending a speed awareness course.