Arsenal could have a truly terrifying line-up if they get their hands on Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford this summer. The Gunners are in need of attacking reinforcements with Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah out of contract. Mikel Arteta could have a team ready to challenge for the Premier League title if he makes the right transfers this summer. Finding quality up front will surely be priority number one for Arsenal, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's January exit set to be followed by Lacazette and Nketiah. The Gunners were pining for more attackers in January, but missed out on their various targets. That is not likely to be the case in the summer though, with Rashford now on their list of targets, according to the Mirror. JUST IN: Arsenal sent Osimhen warning as Arteta searches for striker solution The England international has struggled for form this season at United, and even confronted a fan after defeat by Atletico Madrid in the Champions League, showing there are serious issues for the academy graduate at the club. Rashford has only made nine Premier League starts this term, with a mere five goals to his name. And with the next United manager no doubt looking to shake things up to galvanize the club, Rashford could well be in the firing line. But just how would he slot in to Arteta's well-gelled side? DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt Aaron Ramsdale is likely to be Arsenal's no. 1 for many years to come, while Ben White and Gabriel have formed a rock solid defensive partnership Arteta will be hoping can continue into next year. Furthermore, Kieran Tierney and Takehiro Tomiyasu have established themselves as two of the most reliable full-backs in the Premier League. Thomas Partey has gone from strength to strength this season, while Granit Xhaka has done a fine job in recent weeks alongside the Ghanian, with Albert Sambi Lokonga providing him with competition. Martin Odegaard has made the no. 10 role his own, while Hale End graduates Bukayo Saka and Emile Smith Rowe have settled in on the wings exceptionally. That most likely leaves Rashford to battle it out with Gabriel Martinelli for that solo striker spot. Of course, injuries are likely to hit, and Rashford's ability to play on both wings will be crucial for Arteta. Folarin Balogun may be hoping to be added back into the mix on his return from Middlesbrough, though he has not covered himself in glory on Teeside. Possible Arsenal XI: Ramsdale, Tomiyasu, White, Gabriel, Tierney; Partey, Xhaka; Odegaard, Saka, Smith Rowe; Rashford.