Bridgerton season two is on Netflix now and the historical TV drama has stolen the top spot on the streaming platform. The latest outing turns the attention away from the sexual attraction between the Duke (played by Regé-Jean Page) and Duchess of Hastings (Phoebe Dynevor). It was Eloise Bridgerton's (Claudia Jessie) time to shine as the latest debutante but she was not as keen as her older sibling until she met Theo Sharpe (Calam Lynch). The second series is based on Julia Quinn's novel The Viscount Who Loved Me, and it follows Anthony Bridgerton's (Jonathan Bailey) pursuit of marriage. Aside from his endeavours, Eloise is thrust into the limelight as she has come of age to find the perfect suitor. She is less than impressed at the thought of tedious balls and uncomfortable dresses. Yet she finds an unlikely connection with Theo Sharpe, who works at the local printer shop. The pair formed a connection over their love of literature, and she even let him in on her quest to identify Lady Whistledown (voiced by Julie Andrews). READ MORE: Who does Edwina Sharma marry in Bridgerton? At first Eloise denied her feelings but by the end of the series, she knew she felt something special for Theo. However, knowing they could not be seen together, Theo broke off the relationship which was just starting to blossom. Fans may be keen to know whether Eloise and Theo end up together in the books. To Sir Phillip, With Love is Quinn's novel that tells the Bridgerton sibling's love story. As the title suggests, Theo Sharpe is not the person she ends up with. The fifth book of the series sees Eloise develop a pen pal friendship with Phillip Crane (Chris Fulton). Phillip is the brother of George Crane, who was due to marry Marina Thompson (Ruby Barker). When Phillip and Eloise first meet, she does not see him as her perfect partner. Yet they do end up marrying and there is a chance the series will follow the storyline of the books. In the second season, Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) went to visit Marina and he met Phillip. DON'T MISS... Bridgerton star addresses historical inaccuracy criticism [INSIGHT] What does the Queen snort in Bridgerton? [EXPLAINER] Bridgerton fans 'disappointed' over lack of racy scenes in season 2 [INSIGHT] The pair formed a bond over their love of travelling, but Marina was not happy. She told Colin to cut her out of his life, so it is not known whether she will be seen on screen again. Yet her husband appears to be growing closer to the Bridgertons, so he and Eloise may be introduced soon. There is, however, a chance the series could veer away from the plot in the books. Eloise seems to have found her perfect match in Theo, and fans are in agreement. They took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the pair's chemistry. Syarifah Schmidt said: "Theo set aside books for Eloise because he wants to know her thoughts?? "Like damn it I want them to be endgame." [Sic] Xo added: "Theo and Eloise are so cute together but I already know they don't end up together." Yet Diya protested: "I'm eagerly waiting for Eloise and Phillip's story. "Idk why people going crazy over Theo, he literally looks like Eloise's brother." [Sic]  Bridgerton season 2 is on Netflix now. The series has been renewed for a third season.