It was announced last week that the London Mayor will seek to expand the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) all the way to the Greater London boundary by the end of 2023. Sadiq Khan argued that the expansion will remove between 20,000 and 40,000 vehicles per day from the car’s streets. The move was supported by an expanded scrappage scheme to encourage people to get rid of their older, polluting vehicles and look at other options including public transport. The Mayor has also stressed the need to support low-income households, disabled people and charities to buy ULEZ compliant vehicles and introduce exemptions where applicable. The expansion would see all drivers within the area charged £12.50 per day to drive inside the area if they have a non-compliant car. Transport for London (TfL) estimates that 100,000 cars per day will be affected by the ULEZ expansion along with 35,000 vans and 3,000 HGVs. READ MORE: Abandoned BMW dealership full of classic cars discovered The Mayor said he wouldn’t “put his head in the sand” over the issue and would take action to lower the pollution rates. He had previously outlined four potential options for cutting congestion and improving air quality in the capital. The proposed options included introducing a Greater London Boundary Charge for vehicles driving into London or implementing a low-level daily Clean Air Charge for all but the cleanest vehicles. However, Khan has decided on expanding the existing ULEZ ahead of a more sophisticated road-user charging scheme based on miles driven and vehicle type being introduced in the future. DON'T MISSAndy Burnham calls for car tax U-turn after Clean Air Zone backlash [WARNING]Major diesel changes are an 'absolute mess' with ban just weeks away [SHOCKING]Huge law changes will see electric car chargers installed on new homes [INSIGHT] Some residents of Outer London boroughs were also fearful that they would be unfairly hit by the expanded ULEZ scheme. There has been particular concern around a “premium fare” from London to Heathrow, with some living near the airport saying it would be counterproductive. Some campaign groups have suggested that extra costs on public transport would lead to more cars on the road. Speaking to MyLondon, Mr Khan responded: "That doesn't apply to Outer London residents… it doesn't affect them. “The premium rate is from Heathrow to Zone 1. “What it's about is making sure we have a system that's fair and proportionate which is a condition the Government attached to the [TfL funding] deal." When challenged that he was the one who accepted the conditions, he was clear: "Fine, the alternative is TfL going bankrupt." He added: "I'm the mayor who froze fares for the first five years... so my track record is as a mayor who freezes fares to make it [TfL] accessible to all Londoners." The ULEZ was previously expanded in October 2021 to a size 18 times larger than the original central London ULEZ. In the first year of operation in 2019, City Hall had brought in an extra £107million, according to the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government. The data shows that Greater London Assembly's net profits from congestion charges was £267million, compared to £160million the previous year. Sadiq Khan warned that if steps aren’t taken to address air quality problems in the city, around 550,000 Londoners would develop diseases attributable to air pollution over the next 30 years. It is estimated this would have a cumulative cost to the NHS and the social care system of around £10.4billion.