Though the opposition has not yet formally withdrawn the demand that the PM should quit over lockdown gatherings in Downing Street, its leader Sir Keir Starmer was unwilling to restate it when pressed on television over the weekend. As a sheepish Starmer acknowledged, it is important that the whole country unites behind the effort to help Ukraine and crank up pressure on the vile regime of Vladimir Putin and nothing should be allowed to detract from that. Some may feel tempted to congratulate him for his insight and for taking a grown-up, collegiate approach. That would be a mistake. Because Starmer has been forced to call off the dogs for one reason: campaigning to plunge Britain into a protracted political leadership crisis at a time like this had been rumbled by voters as a patently ridiculous and self-serving thing to do. This is why it is not only Starmer and Labour who have had to recalibrate, but also the large swathes of political media that had previously gone doolally over the various get-togethers in No 10. Anyone with an ounce of common sense could see that dumping a prime minister who has handled the early stages of the Ukraine crisis with aplomb over alleged lockdown infringements such as having a slice of birthday cake with colleagues would be greeted with hilarity by our enemy in Moscow. Mr Johnson stands accused of doing more than just that of course – including attending a gathering of staff in the Downing Street garden and being in his flat when his wife was hosting political friends toasting the departure of her foe Dominic Cummings. Yet it has not been shown that any of the gatherings took place at Johnson’s instigation and while he can justifiably be accused of sloppiness in enforcing upon his own circle the rules they inflicted on the general public, the idea that this should lead to him being ejected from power just two years after winning an overwhelming mandate to govern was always daft. This habit of holding himself and his peer group to laxer standards than he expects of others is a fault he must try to correct. But rather than it being a pretext for chasing him out of office, it should instead be weighed in the balance by voters at the next election when they decide whether Johnson or Starmer is best equipped to hold the reins of power. The fact that it has taken a war in Europe to bring most of the political class to its senses underlines the extent to which they had lost the plot. Veteran Tory MPs who showboated in the Commons with calls for Johnson to go – such as David Davis and Andrew Mitchell – now look foolish. Meanwhile Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, a protégé of Johnson, has come into his own. Under Johnson’s leadership, Britain did far more to train and equip the Ukraine military to take on the impending Russian invaders than any other European country. Despite desperate attempts by anti-Brexit fanatics to belittle the British effort, our country can be proud of being in the vanguard of those coming to Ukraine’s aid. Johnson has also shown a masterly grip on what can and cannot be achieved on behalf of the Ukrainian people. The supply of weapons, training troops and hitting Russia hard with sanctions have all been done. But the reckless notion of imposing a so-called No Fly Zone that would risk a full-scale war between Nato and Russia has rightly been ruled out. Johnson has also been the only senior western leader to push the message that the free world’s beef is with the repressive regime of Putin and not with the Russian people. Getting the big calls right – as he also did in the response to the Omicron wave of Covid in December and January – may be deemed more important than any weakness for the illicit consumption of beer and sandwiches during lockdowns. Let us hope that the invasion of Ukraine will serve as a wake-up call to the British political establishment, alerting it to the fact that voters want an unsparing focus on first-order issues such as defence of the realm, energy security, border control, rebuilding NHS capacity and tackling the cost-of-living crisis. The soap opera aspects of politics have their place. But never again should the public be subjected to such an extended attempt at score settling by the side that lost the EU referendum and its many media cheerleaders.