On Saturday, Chelsy Davy, 36, reportedly welcomed her first child after keeping her pregnancy a secret. According to the Daily Mail’s diarist Richard Eden the former City lawyer gave birth to a baby boy in January at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital. Chelsy has yet to publicly announce the birth of her baby, but Richard Eden cited one of her close friends as his source. The friend said: “Chelsy gave birth to a healthy boy. She's named the baby Leo." However, at the time the father’s identity was a mystery. Since then, the royal expert has disclosed the name of the father of Chelsy’s baby. In an article for Mail Plus, Mr Eden said Chelsy’s friends told him that Leo’s father is Sam Cutmore-Scott, 37. Sam is a successful hotelier and was in the year above Harry at Eton College. Mr Eden reports that Sam is managing director at The Harper hotel in Holt, Norfolk, and just last week, Chelsy shared a photo online of their dogs on a beach a few miles away. Sam’s brother Jack Cutmore-Scott, 34, is a Hollywood actor best known for his role in Christopher Nolan's Oscar-winning film Tenet and the U.S. drama series Deception. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan mocked over 'brought together for reason' claim It's unclear if Sam is married to Chelsy according to Mr Eden, but he claims the couple live together in Chiswick, West London. Chelsy, who now runs a jewellery and luxury travel business, revealed in 2020 that she had a serious boyfriend, but did not disclose his name. At the time she said: “There is someone, and I am quite taken by this one, but it's very new and I don't want to say too much.” Prior to this, her last known boyfriend was television producer James Marshall, from whom she split in 2018. Prince Harry met Chelsy in Cape Town in 2004 during his gap year. DON'T MISS Meghan Markle and Harry hailed as 'world leaders' [INSIGHT] Kate Middleton is a ‘chameleon’ as she lets goat bite her sleeve [REPORT] Inside Kate and William's idyllic Kensington Palace gardens [PICTURES] The pair began dating while she was still a student at Cheltenham Ladies' College. Zimbabwe-born Chelsy also moved to Leeds to study law which allowed her to be closer to Harry. They dated on and off for seven years before their relationship came to an amicable end in 2011. While the pair were dating, Chelsy attended Prince Charles' 60th birthday and even met the Queen at a society wedding. Speaking to the Times in 2017, Chelsy said that the press attention she received while with Harry became too "uncomfortable" for her. She said: "It was so full-on: crazy and scary and uncomfortable. I found it very difficult when it was bad. I couldn't cope." She added: "I was trying to be a normal kid and it was horrible." Since the split Harry and Chelsy have remained on relatively good terms, as Chelsywas a guest at Harry's royal wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018. Later that year she also attended Princess Eugenie's wedding to Jack Brooksbank.