Mark Labbett, 56, has left fans stunned recently with his incredible weight loss transformation. And The Chase star seems to be on a roll as he continues to shed the pounds. In his latest Instagram post, the TV quizzer shared a photo of himself looking slim as fans gushed over all his hard work. His caption read: "Down to 52 inch chest from 60. "So was 5XL, now 2XL. "Still a lot of work to do." READ MORE: 'Bold statement': Camilla wears purple and green tartan ensemble Many of his followers rushed to the comments section to ask how he did it, and it turns out it's all down to "several factors came together nicely" for The Beast - as he's known on TV. When he made his first TV debut, Mark weighed a whopping 29 stone at his heaviest, which was back in 2003. Fed up of struggling with his weight, he decided to do something about it and, as a result, lost an incredible 10 stone. And it appeared lockdown played a huge part in his healthy transformation. DON'T MISS...James Martin lost a stone and a half with one ‘weird’ secret [WEIGHT LOSS]Woman breastfeeding toddler would consider until the age of 6 [HEALTH NEWS]Dr Michael Mosley: The ‘most effective’ diet for weight loss [DIET TIPS] Even though he lost a few stones over the years, the TV star revealed it wasn’t "up until just before lockdown" that he started to shed the pounds properly. In March 2021, he appeared on Loose Women and told all about how he did it. He told the hosts: "I gradually dropped Xs off my size, from 5XL to 4XL, and it looks like the next time I go shopping I'll be able to squeeze into XL pants. "Small things but important things." Mark noted he began to focus more on his diet while also upping his exercise regime, which drastically helped him slim down. He added: "The principal thing has been running after a hyperactive three year old in lockdown when the nurseries were shut. "Instead of going to the fridge for a bit of late-night snacking, all I could do was just collapse on a heap on the bed." He also branded his adorable golden retriever his "personal trainer", as he helped him kick-start his new exercise routine. Mark explained that his pooch Baloo, kept him motivated to keep fit during his appearance on ITV's The Pet Show. He told hosts Dermot O'Leary and Joanna Page: "My wife promised me that when we first got him she would take care of everything - feeding him, walking him and so on. "That lasted about two weeks before she decided, 'Actually Mark, look at your belly - you need the exercise!' "I was walking him around the fields, taking me places... I think he's helped a lot, simply because I'm doing more activity."