Roger Federer’s coach has admitted it is highly unlikely the Swiss ace will return to Wimbledon this year. He has not played since his quarter-final showing at the All England Club last year, ending his season to undergo what was his third knee surgery in less than two years. It is not known when he will return but he is signed up for the Laver Cup in September. Federer has been sidelined with a knee injury for the last two years. After his semi-final showing at the 2020 Australian Open, he took time away for a knee surgery and later ended his entire season to go under the knife for a second time. The 20-time Grand Slam champion’s comeback was short-lived, as he played just five tournaments before announcing he had suffered a “setback” during the grass-court swing and ended his season once again to have a third knee surgery. It is still not known when the 40-year-old will return to competition but his coach has admitted it is unlikely to be as soon as Wimbledon, kicking off at the end of June. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic problems mount with travel bans and coaching split  “He’s still in the rehabilitation phase,” Severin Luthi told Tages Anzeiger. “However, it is not just about therapeutic measures such as ultrasound or ice application. He can always do more, is actively working. Not only the muscles of the knee or leg are built up, but the whole body is strengthened. It’s a real conditioning program.” The former world No 1 is set to begin hitting this week after he told his sponsor CreditSuisse that he would likely know more about where he was in his comeback in April or May once he had stepped up his training. He will initially be training with his wife Mirka, a former world No 76 who met Federer when the pair represented Switzerland at the 2000 Olympics. DON’T MISSRaducanu reflects on life-changing US Open after late career decisionNadal gunning for Djokovic record as he aims to capatilise on banDjokovic defended in vaccine row as Serb's behaviour dubbed 'perfect'  “The main thing for him is to slowly get back in,” Luthi explained, before casting doubt over his appearance at Wimbledon in four months’ time. The grass-court Grand Slam is Federer’s most successful, as he holds the record for most men’s singles titles with eight. But his last victory at SW19 came back in 2017, and it seems Federer will not return for another shot at the title five years later. With the 103-time tour title winner turning 41 later this year, there are doubts he will ever be able to come back to the All England Club, as he would be nearing 42 years of age during the 2023 edition of the tournament. Luthi, who has coached Federer since 2007, said: “At the moment I don’t see how he should play in Wimbledon either. “I’m not the one who says ‘impossible’. But I can’t imagine it right now.” A more concrete timeline of Federer’s comeback will likely come in April or May as the Swiss star previously explained but he is already confirmed for one tournament this year – the Laver Cup. The 40-year-old co-created the event with his TEAM8 management company to honour tennis legend Rod Laver, and the tournament sees Team Europe and Team World battle in a three-day Ryder Cup-style team competition. London’s O2 arena will stage the event this year from September 23 to 25. Federer said: “I’m really looking forward to getting back into competition later this year and Laver Cup is very much part of my plan. It’s no secret that I love the event and I’m super excited to be returning to The O2 and to London, one of the greatest cities in the world, the 20-time Grand Slam champion said, confirming he would be playing."