Western governments could have taken a stronger approach to foreign policy, yet they repeatedly failed to dissuade Putin from his expansionist path. By hosting Russian officials, maintaining reliance on Russian resources, and even increasing it through support for projects like Nord Stream, the West inadvertently fuelled his criminal brutality. The failure to act sooner is a failure that all of us in Europe in general and Ukraine in particular are now paying the price for. One cannot appease autocratic regimes. The United Kingdom learned this the hard way in the 20th century, but it seems that those lessons did not stick, and now the UK’s allies have joined it in repeating some of the same mistakes in a new century, through dealings with a new autocrat.History cannot be rewritten, but Western nations can learn much from it. That knowledge must also find outlet in consistent action, in order to have lasting effect. The Middle East and particularly Iran are prime examples of trouble spots where Western nations can apply the lessons of history.Western signatories to the 2015 Iran nuclear agreement (JCPOA) are still working to restore it through negotiations in Vienna, long after what many considered an unofficial deadline for Iran to show willingness to compromise. Their apparent refusal to change tack suggests that the UK, United States and their closest allies are still wary of measures that might risk protracted conflict with Iran’s theocratic regime.That wariness is all too familiar and brings to mind the foreign policy mistakes that left Western powers in an uncomfortable situation around the time of Iran’s 1979 revolution. On 9 November 1978, the last U.S. Ambassador to Iran, William Sullivan, sent an eyes-only cable to the Secretary of State in Washington urging a major policy change toward the embattled Shah. The cable was titled "Thinking the Unthinkable" and it conveyed a simple and straightforward message amidst persistent anti-government protests. Sullivan recognised the growing evidence that the Shah’s dictatorship was on its last legs, despite Washington having taken for granted the durability of his hold on power.The cable was a shock to the entire US foreign policy establishment. It demonstrated that the defenders of the status quo had disregarded the truth of the Shah’s vulnerability to avoid uncomfortable truths. Only three months later, the Iranian monarchy was consigned to history by a popular uprising, and Western delusions finally collapsed in the face of stubborn realities.Today, Western nations appear similarly blind to the political situation in Iran. The delusions of 1978 were arguably understandable, given that the Shah’s regime was the cornerstone of American and British policy in the region. But it makes little sense for the current American and British governments to assume that our principal adversary in regional affairs has a firm grip on power and faces no serious threat of overthrow.That assumption is even more easily contradicted than assumptions about the Shah’s stability 43 years ago. Since the end of 2017, Iran has witnessed at least three nationwide uprisings and countless smaller-scale protests that explicitly called for regime change.Last year, Ebrahim Raisi, a cleric denounced for his role in past and current human rights abuses, including the notorious 1988 massacre of political prisoners, was installed in the presidency as part of the regime’s broader effort to crack down on dissent. The consequences have not been what Tehran wanted, and recent unrest has been squarely aimed at Raisi and the threat he represents. Protests over the cost of living are now a near-daily occurrence, led by teachers, factory workers, pensioners and others. Meanwhile, “Resistance Units” affiliated to the leading pro-democracy opposition group, the People’s Mojahedin Organisation of Iran (PMOI), continue to burn the regime’s propaganda posters and promote the prospect of a truly democratic government, in line with the original goals of the 1979 revolution.All of this lends credence to the prediction the Iranian opposition leader Maryam Rajavi offered last year. “In the new era,” she said of the period following Raisi’s inauguration, “the hostility and enmity between the Iranian regime and society will intensify more than ever before.”Western powers should again be “thinking the unthinkable” over the clerical regime’s hold on power in Iran. The West must reconsider their efforts to restore the JCPOA, as well as the underlying assumption that they have no choice but to continue to appease the mullahs of Tehran.The choice is not between dishonour and war. As Churchill famously warned Chamberlain: dishonour will lead to war.It is time for our Government and its allies to recognise that the days of the theocratic regime are very likely numbered, and that the future lies with the Iranian people, their democratic opposition, and its leader, Maryam Rajavi.