A Hungarian swimmer has called for the NCAA to change its rules after insisting she had a place in the Division 1 Women’s Swimming and Diving Championships finals ‘taken away from her’ by Lia Thomas. Thomas’ achievements in women’s events as a trans woman have prompted a public debate over transgender participation in sport.  Reka Gyorgy claims she unfairly missed out on a place in the finals, with Thomas winning gold at the event. Gyorgy has penned an open letter to the NCAA requesting that they ‘look at’ their rules around transgender participation. Thomas became the first openly transgender athlete to win an NCAA Division I national championship in any sport, after winning the women's 500-yard freestyle with a time of 4:33.24. she had begun transitioning in May 2019. But Gyorgi wants to see changes made after finishing 17th and missing out on a place in the finals. Requesting that her letter be published in full and not in excerpts, Gyorgy said: “I would like to address this past week’s events and express my thoughts. First, I would like to remind everyone that I am a human being and that as a human being I experience feelings and emotions. “My name is Reka Gyorgy from Hungary. I am a 2016 Rio Olympian, represented Virginia Tech for the past 5 years, a 2 time ACC Champion, 2 time All-American and 3 time Honourable Mention All-American.   “With all due respect, I would like to address something that is a problem in our sport right now and hurting athletes, especially female swimmers. Everyone has heard and known about transgender, Lia Thomas, and her case including all the issues and concerns that her situation brought into our sport. JUST IN: Arsenal and Liverpool in transfer race for £35m Gakpo but face hurdle “I’d like to point out that I respect and fully stand with Lia Thomas. I am convinced that she is no different than me or any other D1 swimmer who has woken up at 5AM her entire life for morning practice. “She has sacrificed family vacations and holidays for a competition. She has pushed herself to the limit to be the best athlete she could be. She is doing what she is passionate about and deserves that right. On the other hand, I would like to critique the NCAA rules that allow her to compete against us, who are biologically women. “I’m writing this letter right now in hopes that the NCAA will open their eyes and change these rules in the future. It doesn’t promote our sport in a good way and I think it is disrespectful against the biologically female swimmers who are competing in the NCAA. “I swam the 500 free at NCAA’s on March 17th, 2022 where I got 17th which means I didn’t make it back to the finals and was first alternate. I’m a 5th year senior, I have been top 16 and top eight before and I know how much of a privilege it is to make finals at a meet this big. This is my last college meet ever and I feel frustrated.    DON'T MISS...Nadal Indian Wells defeat spurs Alcaraz on with defiant responseBahrain GP: Charles Leclerc wins, Lewis Hamilton takes thirdWhere Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal's 2012 wonderkid stars are now  “It feels like that final spot was taken away from me because of the NCAA’s decision to let someone who is not a biological female compete. I know you could say I had the opportunity to swim faster and make the top 16, but this situation makes it a bit different and I can’t help but be angry or sad. “It hurts me, my team and other women in the pool. One spot was taken away from the girl who got 9th in the 500 free and didn’t make it back to the A final preventing her from being an All-American. Every event that transgender athletes competed in was one spot taken away from biological females throughout the meet. “The NCAA knew what was coming this past week. They knew opinions and minds will be divided and chose to do nothing. This week has been more about reporters, media and division in our sport than things like two women going under 21 seconds in the 50 freestyle, 3 women going under 50 seconds in the 100 butterfly and the first woman IN HISTORY to go under 48 seconds in the 100 backstroke. Thursday was not a specific athlete’s fault. It is the result of the NCAA and their lack of interest in protecting their athletes. “I ask that the NCAA takes time to think about all the other biological women in swimming, try to think how they would feel if they would be in our shoes. Make the right changes for our sport and for a better future in swimming.”   