Manchester United star Jesse Lingard has been left ‘really upset’ after a gang of thugs raided his home and stole valuables in the region of £100,000, according to reports. The England international has become the latest Premier League footballer to be targeted by thieves. His team-mate, Victor Lindelof, was raided four days afterwards. In May 2020, Lingard appeared on MTV to give crew a tour of his five-bedroom home. He showed off features such as his walk-in wardrobe and 32 England caps, while the property also possesses a cinema room, gym and swimming pool. Now, however, The Sun say Lingard has been left devastated after thugs broke in and stole £100,000 worth of items from the £3million mansion. It’s said the incident took place on January 15, just days before Lindelof’s home was also burgled. Since thugs broke in, the United playmaker has put the property up for sale. And a source is quoted as saying: “He was really upset to find out he had been targeted. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz "The items which were stolen are replaceable, but it’s very invasive for him to have someone break into his home, especially as he is a father. “He has stepped up security since the robbery and is reviewing how his home is protected when he is away from it.” The Lingard news comes a week after it emerged two other United players had been targeted over the Christmas period. And the club are offering ‘extra support’ as well as a review of their security arrangements in order to keep them safe. United have also recruited a ‘mobilised 24/7 security squad’ to protect their players from harm. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Footballers, due to their lavish lifestyles, have often been targeted. Angel Di Maria was another who had his property broken into during his time in England, rocking the forward in the process. The Argentina international had been flying for United under Louis van Gaal, seamlessly adjusting to life in the Premier League. Yet he struggled following the break-in, with his form waning before he ultimately left for Paris Saint-Germain. And Di Maria’s wife, Jorgelina Cardoso, would later reveal she never wanted to move to England in the first place. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "It was horrible. Manchester is the worst,” she said. “It is all horrible in Manchester. In fact, I fought a lot with Angel about it. “We lived in Madrid, Angel played in the best team in the world which for me is Real Madrid. “We were perfect, the weather was perfect, the food was perfect. And suddenly he said that there was a proposal to go to Manchester. “I told him, 'Not a chance. You are going alone. 'No, come on. Let's go', he replied. "There was a lot of money involved, and afterwards, the Spanish were calling us money grabbers. And they were right. “If you are working for a company and the competition comes along and offers to pay you double, you take it. "I didn't want to go to Manchester because I am friends with Gianinna Maradona, who was married to [Manchester City's] Sergio Aguero, and we flew from Madrid to his house in Manchester to pay him a visit for two or three days when Angel had a few days off at Real Madrid. "It was horrible, s***. We went to the house and we were like ... 'See you later guys, we're out of here'. “When we left, I said to him, 'Go to any country - except England'. Anyway, one year later and there we were in England."