Liverpool look set to be without Trent Alexander-Arnold for their Premier League clash with Watford on Saturday as the right-back continues to recover from the hamstring injury which kept him out of his side’s FA Cup victory over Nottingham Forest before the international break. But the Reds will have Andy Robertson and James Milner available. Here is a look at the current situation with Jurgen Klopp's squad... Trent Alexander-Arnold Alexander-Arnold sustained his hamstring problem during Liverpool’s 2-0 league win at Arsenal earlier this month. And he played no part against Forest four days later as the Reds booked their place in the semi-finals of the FA Cup. The 23-year-old was subsequently forced to withdraw from the England squad for their friendlies against Switzerland and Ivory Coast. And he has instead been undertaking recovery work at Dubai’s Nad Al Sheba Sports Complex. According to The Athletic, Alexander-Arnold has some important hurdles to clear before he is given the green light to resume full training at Kirkby. And Jurgen Klopp is not expecting the ace to return until his side face title rivals Manchester City on Sunday, April 10, which means he would be absent for the first leg of the Reds’ Champions League quarter-final showdown with Benfica as well as Watford this weekend. JUST IN: Tottenham may have Lloris replacement plan that wouldn't cost a penny   Andy Robertson Robertson was another notable absentee when Liverpool travelled to the City Ground after he contracted COVID-19. The 28-year-old then missed Scotland’s friendly against Poland as the sides drew 1-1. But the left-back returned to action on Tuesday night as he played 58 minutes of Scotland’s 2-2 draw with Austria. Robertson has been a key man for the Reds over the last few years so his return will come as welcome news for Klopp. DON'T MISSReal Madrid ordered to 'fire' Gareth Bale after Wales goals cause explosive argumentMauricio Pochettino 'waiting to hear back' from Man Utd after talks with John MurtoughKylian Mbappe 'decides view' on Barcelona transfer as Real Madrid fend off hijack attempt     James Milner Milner was another player to have been struck down by COVID-19 ahead of the clash with Forest. But the 36-year-old has also recovered and will no doubt be recalled to the matchday squad. Milner is viewed by Klopp as a real club man and has racked-up an impressive 30 appearances for the Reds this season, although most of those have come from the bench. Meanwhile, there are no suggestions that Naby Keita will miss the clash with the Hornets, despite pulling out of the Guinea squad ahead of their clash with South Africa. So Liverpool will be confident of building on their strong run of form against Roy Hodgson’s men. Klopp’s side appeared to be out of the title race at the start of the year after falling well behind Manchester City. But the sides are separated by just one point ahead of the run-in. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 