WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from Peaky Blinders season six, episode five. As Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) deals with the news his health is deteriorating, his enemies are making moves to eliminate him. Most notably, Michael Gray (Finn Cole) consulted with his late mother Aunt Polly (Helen McCrory) to work out his next move. Unfortunately, Aunt Polly’s reaction in the vision may have confirmed Michael will be the one who dies. As Michael slept in his prison bed, he dreamt of his mother, Aunt Polly, and one of their final moments together. In his vision, he could see his mother bringing a crystal bowl of water towards him and Gina (Anya Taylor-Joy). “If you do this thing, the possibility of war, you have to consider,” she warns him. Michael replies: “It was the ambitions and strategies of one man who caused this.” READ MORE: Ruth Langsford details why she's 'rarely seen' with husband Eamonn Aunt Polly is seen pricking Michael’s finger so blood drops into the water while images of her burning caravan flash up on screen. “There will be a war in this family,” Aunt Polly declares to her son. “And one of you will die.” Tears are streaming down her cheeks as she looks at her son, hinting she knows it will be he who perishes. As the vision comes to an end, Michael sat up in bed, clearly tortured by the warning given by his mother. Could Michael be panicking he will die in prison as Tommy builds up his empire? Is the young businessman fearful he will be the one who perishes in the family war? As episode five comes to a close, it’s clear Michael is more determined than ever to ensure it is Tommy who dies. When a messenger in the disguise of a priest arrives at the prison, he is told: “I’m here on behalf of your wife Gina and Jack Nelson. DON'T MISS...Conrad Khan age: How old is the Peaky Blinders Duke Shelby star? [INSIGHT]Peaky Blinders star details alternative script featuring Polly Gray [LATEST]Peaky Blinders: Where is Linda Shelby? Will she be in season 6? [REACTION] “Mr Nelson is prepared to get you out of here but first he needs an answer to a question. If the answer is yes, you will be released. If the answer is no, you’ll stay.” Michael replied: “I have consulted my mother,” to which the messenger cut in: “Your mother is dead.” “Nevertheless I have consulted her,” Michael hit back. “And yes, when I am released, it is my intention to kill Tommy Shelby.” Following what sounded like gunshots, the credits began to roll hinting the final episode of the series will finally see Michael and Tommy go head-to-head. Fans have known since season five that Tommy or Michael would have to die after Aunt Polly’s prediction. There’s just one episode of the BBC series left before writer Steven Knight moves on to work on his Peaky Blinders film. Will Tommy Shelby survive or will Michael finally be given the chance to run the Shelby family business? Peaky Blinders season 6 concludes Sunday on BBC One at 9pm.