Fiona Hill issued a stark warning for Western leaders while Russia continues with its invasion of Ukraine. Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his attack on Ukraine on February 24 and has even been accused of using a vacuum bomb, which is banned under the Geneva Convention, in a recent bombardment. But Ms Hill, who was born in Bishop Auckland, told Politco that the Russian President could use an even more dangerous weapon. She said: "Every time you think, 'No, he wouldn’t, would he?’ "Well, yes, he would. "And he wants us to know that, of course. "It’s not that we should be intimidated and scared…. JUST IN: Russian military convoy stretches 40-miles as Putin's troops set sights on Kyiv "We have to prepare for those contingencies and figure out what is it that we’re going to do to head them off." Ms Hill later added: "What President Putin has said quite explicitly in recent days is that if anybody interferes in Ukraine, they will be met with a response that they’ve 'never had in [their] history'. "And he has put Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert. "So he’s making it very clear that nuclear is on the table." Ms Hill, who worked for three Presidents since she obtained American citizenship in 2002, including Barack Obama and George W Bush, also warned Putin could look to continue with his invasion until he takes the whole of Ukraine. READ MORE: 'Prohibited by Geneva!' Ambassador claims Russia used deadly vacuum bomb in Ukraine attack Most recently, Ms Hill worked for Donald Trump as the senior director for Europe and Russia on the National Security Council. However, her relationship with the 45th President finished on a sour note after she testified in the first impeachment trial brought against Mr Trump over allegations the ex-POTUS had unlawfully solicited Ukrainian authorities to influence the 2020 election. Hill managed to deal a blow to Mr Trump over an interaction they had about nuclear weapons. "Putin tried to warn Trump about this," Hill explained, "but I don't think Trump figured out what he was saying." Mr Trump, who last week called the Russian President a "genius", has spent much of the Ukraine crisis claiming it wouldn't have happened had he returned to the White House after the 2020 US Election. DON'T MISS:What to do in a nuclear attack - four key steps to take to stay safe [ANALYSIS]Chilling meaning of new symbols appearing all over Ukraine [INSIGHT]Alexander Povetkin appears to defend Russian invasion of Ukraine [SPOTLIGHT] Speaking to supporters at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Florida, the 45th President said: "The Russian attack on Ukraine is appalling. "It’s an outrage and an atrocity that should never have been allowed to occur. "We are praying for the proud people of Ukraine. "God bless them all. "As everyone understands, this horrific disaster would never have happened if our election was not rigged and if I was the President." However, there is no evidence to suggest the last election was rigged in favour of Joe Biden.