The UK had imposed asset freezes and travel bans on several leading oligarchs and hundreds of members of the Russian Duma - before later adding a ban on exports to Russia of high-end luxury goods. On Thursday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss announced 65 new Russian sanctions, meaning the UK has now sanctioned over 1,000 individuals and businesses under the Russian sanctions regime since the invasion of Ukraine. The new sanctions target key industries including Russian Railways and defence company Kronshtadt, the main producer of Russian drones. The Wagner Group – the organisation Russian mercenaries reportedly tasked with assassinating President Zelenskyy - has also been sanctioned. A further six banks have been targeted, including Alfa Bank whose co-founders include previously sanctioned oligarchs Mikhail Fridman, Petr Aven and German Khan. Today, the Prime Minister met with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen outside the NATO meeting in Brussels, where leaders were addressed by Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky. But in a bizarre rant on Twitter, arch-Remainer and former Labour Party spin doctor Mr Campbell raged: "As ever the Kremlin playing the UK like a fiddle. "The powers they fear are US-China and EU esp France and Germany. "Pretending Johnson is anti-Russian is part of trolling the others and seeking to sew division between the UK and rest of EU and NATO. "Now watch the UK Government help them." But Mr Campbell was brutally mocked over his bizarre comments, with several Twitter users accusing him of peddling an outrageous conspiracy theory. READ MORE: 'We're being ignored!' Dublin furious at UK playing Brexit hardball "TimForAlI" (@timmyvoe), retweeting an article from last month reporting the UK will work “all day” to persuade fellow European states to cut Russia off from the international SWIFT payment system, simply wrote: "You are going full 'tin foil hat' now Alastair." Twitter user "Adam Smith" (@axiophobia) quipped: "What are you smoking Alastair?" "Tom Joyce (@atomicjoy) wrote: "I dunno, there are at least 10,000 reasons to believe you might be wrong." Fellow Twitter user "Emma Lercy" (@EmmaLercy) commented: "Campbell has lost it. DON'T MISS‘Totally undeniable’ MPs colluded with Remainers to try stop Brexit [REACTION]Putin suffers blow as Russian ship obliterated in Black Sea [PICTURES[Russian tank driver RUNS OVER his own commander [REPORT] "Been teetering for a while but the motivated thinking here is full-on. He’s desperate to twist the evidence to justify his biases. Sad to watch." Earlier on Thursday, Moscow launched a furious attack against Mr Johnson as the UK ramped the pressure up on Russia and Putin with a fresh round of crippling sanctions. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov was quoted by the state-owned RIA news agency as saying: "As for Mr Johnson, we see him as the most active participant in the race to be anti-Russian. "It will lead to a foreign policy dead end." But Downing Street quickly hit back, with the Prime Minister's official spokesman firmly denying Mr Johnson is "anti-Russian". He said: "The Prime Minister is among the most active anti-Putin leaders," he said. "We have no issue with the Russian people and in fact we have seen many bravely protest - not least (jailed opposition leader) Alexei Navalny - against Putin's regime and call on them to cease this war."