Australian tennis maverick Nick Kyrgios praised rising star Jenson Brooksby, insisting he is ‘incredibly talented’ despite suggesting the American is ‘very strange’ to watch on court. Brooksby has impressed during his young career, and Kyrgios is a fan even though he is yet to face the 21-year-old. A six-time ATP champion, Kyrgios referred to Brooksby’s game as the opposite of his own. Nonetheless, he predicted a bright future to the Sacramento-born talent. “He's going to be someone we're going to have to nurture and actually care for in our sport,” Kyrgios told Tennis Majors. “He's incredibly talented. “He's unorthodox. He's my polar opposite I think like on the court, like he's very strange, I guess, to watch but he's awesome.” READ MORE: Murray's thoughts on Ivan Lendl training block after Medvedev loss The Australian was also asked about an incident involving the American which was eerily similar to something Kyrgios himself recently experienced at Indian Wells. When frustrated against Federico Coria on Thursday, Brooksby threw a racket and it ricocheted off the court and into a ball person. Despite calls for disqualification from his opponent, Brooksby was issued a point penalty and went on to win 3-6 6-2 6-3. Kyrgios believes the incident was harmless as there was no malice intended, particularly after the 21-year-old apologised. “He knows it’s not the right thing to do,” Kyrgios added. “I can’t see him being a personality where he’s going to kind of say, F-you, like it’s not-okay-type thing. DON'T MISSRaducanu branded 'princess' as former No 1 appears to take aim at BritNadal tipped for early injury return as Barcelona hope sharedEmma Raducanu defended by Kyrgios in brutal shutdown of former pro “I don’t think that’s the right way to go about it, as well. Obviously, it’s not right, but he didn’t mean it. I don’t think he meant any harm.” On Friday, Kyrgios impressively defeated world number seven Andrey Rublev 6-3 6-0 in the second round of the Miami Open. Kyrgios found himself down by an early break but quickly recovered and confidently dominated the rest of the match. He followed that up with a win on Sunday over Fabio Fognini, defeating the Italian 6-2 6-4. The Australian will compete in his Round of 16 clash on Tuesday.