 Appearing on Tuesday's instalment of BBC Breakfast, the minister made assurances the UK Government has called on other countries to join the sanctions regime the UK has already imposed against Russia. His comments come after Dan Walker questioned whether the UK Government had asked China "not to get involved" with the ongoing conflict. However, viewers were not convinced with Cleverly's response, with some wondering who he was "trying to kid".   Cleverly stated: "We have called on the international community to condemn the Russian invasion of Ukraine, we have called on the international community to match the sanctions the UK and others have imposed on Russia to try and choke off the financing which supports Russia's war machine. "We call upon China, and indeed all other countries across the world to do that." When Walker interjected to ask whether China has responded, the Minister replied: "We continue to call upon China and all countries to cease any support they may have to Russia. "We are calling upon countries to join the sanctions regime the UK and other countries have already imposed against Russia and we will continue to do that as we want to build as broad a coalition against Russia as possible." READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Anna Windass to return in Abi adoption plot? He assured Walker he will be having conversations with China as "we do with all countries around the world". The MP continued: "We have been very clear we have been sanctioning individuals and entities that are helping to facilitate and to fund this unprovoked and illegal war against Ukraine." He told Walker the nation never speculates about future sanction designations, but stated the UK's position "is really clear". Cleverly added: "The Russian attack against Ukraine is completely unjustified and completely illegal and we are looking to end it quickly by imposing sanctions to choke off Vladimir Putin's ability to attack."  However, many viewers took to Twitter during the interview as they were not sold on Cleverly's remarks. Hirsty fumed: "James ‘not so’ Cleverly towing the sanctions line again on #BBCBreakfast. Who’s he trying to kid, we’ve been the softest country on the Russians in the world? #ToryRussianAssets" Dave Cole added: "Whenever I see James Cleverly on the breakfast news I know that most of what he says will be corrected by lunchtime #BBCBreakfast." GG remarked: "His position is always ‘clear’ without answering any questions… #bbcbreakfast." DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast's Sally Nugent hits back at 'disappointed' viewer [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood teases Dan Walker over lengthy sports chat [UPDATE]Carol Kirkwood teases Dan Walker over lengthy sports chat [MUST SEE] @Cosoiselle said: "Warily returned to #BBCBreakfast, as BBC's Ukraine coverage has been very good. But then, this morning, we have James Cleverly being given free rein to spout govt propaganda, about refugees, without challenge, and it's too much! Back to Sky..." Cleverly's comments come following the news Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is set to announce hundreds of individuals, oligarchs and organisations which will be added to the UK's sanctions list. The Economic Crime Bill has now completed its journey through the House of Commons and House of Lords. The legislation, which was fast-tracked through Parliament in a single day, is set to establish a new register of overseas entities requiring foreign owners of property in the UK to declare their true identity.   It will give ministers the power to go further in imposing tough measures on those close to Putin's regime. The UK will be able to automatically sanction those who have had their assets frozen by the European Union, the United States or Canada. Whitehall sources have said the UK’s sanctions list would soon be on a par with the European Union after the legal reforms. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays between 6am and 9.15am on BBC One.  