The school building has reportedly been destroyed and people could be under the rubble, according to local authorities. Mariupol council says that around 400 people, including women, children and the elderly, were sheltering in the school at the time. There has so far been no report on the number of casualties. This comes less than a week after Russian forces were accused of bombing a theatre and swimming pool facility in the same city, where hundreds of civilians were sheltering from the bombs. City authorities said 130 people were rescued but many more could remain under the debris. The port city of Mariupol has been under siege since the war began on February 24, 2022, with a Russian airstrike hitting the maternity ward of a hospital earlier in the war. In a video address to the nation, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "To do this to a peaceful city, what the occupiers did, is a terror that will be remembered for centuries to come." According to local authorities, mass graves are now being used in the city, as the siege has killed at least 2,300 people. In a video addressed to Western leaders, authenticated by the Associated Press, Mariupol police officer Michail Vershnin said: "Children, elderly people are dying. "The city is destroyed and it is wiped off the face of the earth." Mariupol authorities have said that nearly 40,000 people have fled over the past week, almost 10 percent of its entire population. LIVE UPDATES: Ukraine War LIVE: Fears British fighters may have triggered strike The UN has said that 6.5million people have been displaced inside Ukraine, on top of the 3.2million people who have already fled the country. The organisation's latest estimates, published on March 18, show that at least 816 civilians have been killed in Ukraine since the fighting began. Earlier this week, US President Joe Biden accused Putin of being a "war criminal". Meanwhile, his official Twitter account wrote: "Putin is inflicting appalling devastation and horror on Ukraine — bombing apartment buildings and maternity wards. DON'T MISS: Threat of nuclear destruction at 40% as Putin could 'kill thousands' [REVEAL] Putin betrayal: Xi to decimate Russia into 'Chinese Colony' [ANALYSIS] Putin humiliated as cameras CUT OFF speech in front of thousands [REPORT]  "Yesterday, we saw reports that Russian forces were holding hundreds of doctors and patients hostage. "These are atrocities. "It is an outrage to the world." The Kremlin hit out Mr Biden's decision to call Putin a "war criminal", describing it as "unforgivable rhetoric". Speaking to Russian state news agency Tass, spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said: "We believe such rhetoric to be unacceptable and unforgivable on the part of the head of a state, whose bombs have killed hundreds of thousands of people around the world." Meanwhile, 800,000 people across the country have signed a petition, which went live less than a week ago, calling for the Russian leader to be tried for his "illegal invasion of Ukraine."