Despite increases in the household income of pensioners, many are still struggling and could benefit from the support provided by Pension Credit. Claimants could get their income topped up every single week. Recent data from the Department for Work and Pensions showed that in 2021, pensioners had an average income of £361 after housing costs, an increase from £333 in 2020. However, the cost of living crisis has had a devastating impact on many people’s incomes. Helen Morrissey, senior pensions and retirement analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, said in spite of the overall uptick in pensioner household income, “there are still enormous numbers of pensioners having to get by on less". The data also showed a huge decrease in the number of people claiming income related benefits. READ MORE: Pensioner explains simple way she earns £2,000 a month – 'anyone can do it’ Ms Morrissey said: “While this is a sign of improved pensioner incomes which is a huge positive, we should also be alert to the numbers of people not claiming what they are owed and suffering financially as a result. “We know that benefits such as Pension Credit remain hugely underclaimed and more work needs to be done to make sure those who are entitled claim what they are owed.” People who claim the highest level of Pension Credit could get their weekly income topped up to £177.10 if they are single or £270.30 if they have a partner. The rates will soon increase by 3.1 percent, coinciding with the state pension increase. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis warns cheapest energy fix is WORSE than price cap - bills to hit £2,800 [WARNING]State pension fury as Rishi Sunak advised to raise entitlement age to unprecedented high [REACTION]Britons on low incomes can get a cash boost worth £1,200 - are you eligible? [INSIGHT] From April 11, the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit could top up a pensioner’s income to £182.60 if they are single, or £278.70 if they are in a couple. Those with more income could still get some support through the Savings Credit element of Pension Credit. This is only available to people who reached state pension age before April 6, 2016, and pays out a lower weekly sum. Single pensioners could get up to £14.04 a week, while for couples it is £15.71. From April 11, these rates will increase to £14.48 and £16.20. An added bonus of claiming Pension Credit is that people who receive it are automatically entitled to other benefits as well. These include: Pensioners can apply for Pension Credit via the Gov.uk website, by phone, or by post. They will have their income tested when applying to see if they are eligible and how much they could get. Applications can be started up to four months before someone reaches their state pension age. People who are claiming after already reaching state pension age may be able to backdate their claim by up to three months.