CBS’ long-running procedural drama NCIS returned for another action-packed episode, giving viewers a rare glimpse into Agent Alden Parker's (played by Gary Cole) past. However, fans were more intrigued about a developing story which could see Jimmy Palmer (Brian Dietzen) fall in love with a colleague.  The most recent episode titled ‘Thick as Thieves’ opened up with a flashback scene which transported viewers to Parker’s younger years. It was revealed the senior FBI agent had a different history with the law enforcement and was once on the other side of the bars. Alongside his friend Billy Doyle, the two were arrested for stealing hubcaps, however, in the present, it was Billy’s nephew who had a run-in with the law. He was the prime suspect in the murder of petty officer Danna Calley, but when his name was finally cleared, Sean was found dead.  READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview Despite this rare glimpse into Parker’s past and personal life, fans were more focused on a key scene which took place towards the end of the episode. To avoid being seated with the children, Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) invited Jimmy to join her as a plus one to her cousin’s wedding, as friends. Although she was nervous to ask, Jimmy was thrilled to be invited and looked forward to the platonic outing. However, when he spotted Knight dressed up and ready for the occasion, Jimmy was taken aback and stuck for words, before he was able to call her: “Beautiful.”  This led fans to believe a new romance storyline for the two could be on the horizon and they took to social media to share their anticipation. Twitter user @danvrslarson wrote: “Knight and Palmer is a couple I didn’t see coming but I am here for it.” While @Kmar71 tweeted: “So that’s why she was all weird about asking Palmer, she likes him.” Another user, @BlackScorpionRP, added: “Palmer, James Palmer. I’m hoping you connect with Knight. Jimmy needs some excitement in his life.”  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [INSIGHT]NCIS' Pauley Perrette applauded for candid anti-war post [NEWS]NCIS LA season 13 viewers stunned at Callen’s ‘evil twin’ appearance [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, @SherylHartsell84 shared: “They would make a great couple .... hint hint lol.” Twitter user @Laura_Navins agreed: ”I think Knight and Palmer would make a good couple.” While @Jessicabunbun pleaded with the show: “Dear NCIS, please make this romance happen!!!” Although Jessica joined the NCIS team in season 18, not much is known about her past and personal life.  With a focus on her in this episode, perhaps the show will finally be switching gears and focusing on her for a while, especially after the mention of a cousin. Whereas Jimmy’s love life was at the centre of the show in 2021 when his wife Breanna Palmer (Michelle Pierce) passed from COVID-19. He also has a daughter Victoria Palmer (Elle Graper) who was last seen in episode 13. Fans will have to stay tuned to see what will come from the outing together and if it could lead to more. NCIS is available on CBS in the USA. A UK release date has yet to be announced. 