Extortionate energy bills are on everyone’s mind with climbing rates pricing millions of households out of their hard-earned income. Despite the early spring weather finally setting in, frosty mornings and cold winds mean it is still too cold to turn off the heating across most parts of the UK - but when is the best time to do it? PlumbNation reveals the exact date you should make the switch - and it’s sooner than you might think. Heating your home is crucial to prevent mould, dampness and to make your property a safe place to live throughout the winter months. With the worst of the harsh weather behind us, warmer spring days will see windows opening and heating turned down - but few people will make the switch to turn it off completely. While a cosy, warm home can be very inviting of an evening, the central heating experts at PlumbNation recommend making the switch in as little as two weeks time. READ MORE:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to remove toilet bowl stains Heating expert Jordan Chance said: “With the cost of living rising across the country, including higher energy price caps, many Brits will be feeling the financial squeeze. “Although there is no single temperature at which you should turn your heating off, many aim for the time when clocks go forward, which this year falls on March 27.” By then, daytime temperatures could reach highs of around 13C as the height of the spring sunshine sets in. While making the switch will certainly curb your energy bills, you might still feel the chill on those colder spring days. Luckily, there are a number of simple ways to stay warm without spending a fortune, but where should you begin? While waiting for a spike in the temperature is the obvious time to turn your heating off, Jordan warns that this is unlikely to have an effect on the warmth of your home. He said: “There’s no specific temperature at which you should be turning off your heating, as it will depend on how well insulated your home is. “Well insulated homes will retain their heat even when temperatures are low into the early spring, but every home will be different.” Invest in proper insulation throughout your home or service your existing measures. There could be a number of small, inexpensive improvements which could significantly improve the warmth of your property. DON'T MISS:White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it [INSIGHT]What to plant with spring bulbs for filled pots all year round [REVEAL]Lawn care: How to mow your lawn to promote ‘healthy growth’ [ANALYSIS] Stopping existing heat from escaping is also one of the simplest ways to stay warm without using your heating. To draught-proof your home you should cover unwanted gaps and plug rogue gaps in walls, flooring, windows, doors and fireplaces. Use draught-proofing strips around window and door frames to seal off small openings. You can also make use of silicone-based or flexible filler to fill gaps in your floorboards. Perhaps the most obvious one, layering up should be everyone’s go to solution to warming up while at home. Swap shorts and a t-shirt for thick jumpers and cosy trousers to insulate your body. Add extra blankets onto soft furnishings to level up the cosiness of your bedding and sofa. Decorate rooms with thick, plush rugs to warm-up hard flooring, and keep your feet toasty while moving around the home. Lastly, keep your feet warm at all times. The majority of your body heat is lost from your hands and feet so it is important to keep them toasty while lounging about at home.