Season 11 of The Walking Dead will bring the mainline zombie drama to an end later this year, but it will by no means mark the end of AMC’s wildly successful TV franchise. With several spin-offs already in the works, Chad L Coleman spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the possibility of coming back to one of his most well-known characters. Chad revealed he’d definitely be up for returning as Tyreese and hinted he could return with one of his long-running co-stars. He told Express.co.uk: “I would love to. I would love to reprise the role, and do it with Sonequa [Martin-Green].” Throughout seasons three to five of The Walking Dead, Sonequa starred as Tyreese’s younger sister, Sasha. Sadly, Tyreese met his end after being bitten by walkers and having his arm amputated, later passing away from blood loss. READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one His sister went on to play an integral part in the battle against Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and the Saviours, even after she herself had become zombified. Sonequa has since taken on the main role as Michael Burnham in Star Trek Discovery, but she could also be convinced to reprise her star-making role. Now several prequels and sequel series are in the works at AMC, such as the anthology show Tales of the Walking Dead, could the brother and sister team come back for a guest appearance? Chad teased there is still plenty more about Tyreese and Sasha he’d like to explore in future appearances. He explained: “There was a lot… you didn’t get to see a lot of the history, you know? So that would have been amazing. “Of course, I know there’s Tales of the Walking Dead. So, hey, I love the guys, I’m in contact. But we don’t always talk about that stuff. We are friends as well.” While Chad is still keeping in touch with his former co-stars and The Walking Dead’s producers, he’s also not desperate to come back to the character he left behind over six years ago. “And I don’t want to press anything,” he continued. “Like, ‘come on, man. Come on, I gotta feed myself!” DON'T MISS:Vikings’ Josefin Asplund teases return in Vikings: Valhalla [EXCLUSIVE]Caitriona Balfe on difficulties of shooting Outlander pregnant [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 13: Callen fears for Hetty’s safety [VIDEO] “‘Hook me up with the Tales, man!’ You don’t want to come off like [Dave Chappelle’s character] Tyrone Biggums. You don’t want to come off like that. “So you leave it alone. And if they see the value there, we’ll do it.” Although Chad himself isn’t clamouring to come back to the series, he still remembers his time as Tyreese fondly, and it seems it would be a pleasure for him to play him one more time. He added: “But, if not, you can never take it from me. I walk outside every day and there’s recognition for Tyreese. As it should be.” “He was a wonderful, iconic… a beautiful man to me. Someone with strength, and power, but heart, and thoughtfulness. We need more of those dudes in the world.” The story of The Walking Dead will continue with Isle of the Dead and an untitled Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Carol (Melissa McBride) spin-off, and a trilogy centred on Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) is supposedly still in the works. However, the popular horror drama is already well-known for its dream sequences and flashbacks, so fans certainly shouldn’t rule out a cameo from Tyreese somewhere down the line. The Walking Dead season 11 continues Sundays on AMC and the following Monday on Disney+.