Abi Franklin (played by Sally Carman) is set to turn against Imran (Charlie de Melo) when she risks losing her newborn son Alfie on Coronation Street. While soap fans know the baby is Imran's, his partner Toyah Battersby (Georgia Taylor) and Abi's husband Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell) still have no idea. However, a baby bombshell is about to be dropped in Weatherfield which could leave more than one person heartbroken. Imran and Abi had a drunken one night stand last year when she was grieving the death of her son Seb Franklin (Harry Visinoni) who was tragically killed. The pair have kept it a secret and Kevin and Abi are blissfully unaware Imran is the father of Alfie. However, official spoilers have revealed the truth will be brought to light when Abi is taken to court. In upcoming scenes, Imran promises Toyah he’ll be back soon to look at wedding venues as they are planning on tying the knot. READ MORE: Alexander Dreymon age: How old is The Last Kingdom Uhtred star?  However, a thoughtful Toyah later reveals she’s postponed the search as Abi’s court hearing is more important. When she tells the pair the news, Imran and Abi exchange guilty looks with one another. As Toyah arrives at the courtroom to show her support, both Imran and Abi are awash with guilt. The local authority solicitor lists a myriad of reasons proving Abi to be an unfit mother and why her newborn son should be taken into care.   Lawyer Imran pleads the upset mother's case and does everything in his power to convince the judge Abi has changed her ways. ITV viewers will have to wait and see if the verdict will be the one Abi has hoped for. Following the emotional hearing, Toyah suggests to Imran he has done all he can for Abi and tells him it’s time to step back and concentrate on an adoption hearing. Determined to stay focused, he hides his turmoil but Abi is left furious.  DON'T MISS...Former Corrie star Beverly Callard slams soap and dishes on exit [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street exit: Why has Rebecca Ryan left as Lydia Chambers? [EXPLAINER]Coronation Street theory: Eddie Windass returns as Gary plans to flee? [UPDATE] When Abi bans him from seeing Alfie, Imran vows to do whatever it takes, even if it means putting his name on the birth certificate. However, it does not mean he has any intention of telling Toyah about Alfie. Instead, he tells a pleased Toyah he has set Abi up with a solicitor free of charge before secretly heading off with Abi to register Alfie’s birth. When Toyah bumps into Abi carrying a package - which is actually Alfie’s paperwork - and acting strangely she assumes Abi is back on drugs. So Toyah warns Kevin who then hunts for the package while Abi is making tea.  He soon discovers the birth certificate stating Imran is Alfie's father, but how will he react? Will he confront Abi and break up with her for hiding such a huge secret from him? Or could Toyah end up splitting from Imran after Kevin breaks the shocking news to her in scenes yet to air? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 