The broadcaster has announced the return of four of its most-watched BBC dramas including The Tourist, The Responder, Vigil and Time. With the Jamie Dornan series pulling in millions of viewers, fans will be delighted to see their TV favourite back on the box. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Tourist. At the start of the year, The Tourist was ranked the highest-rating drama having launched with a huge 12 million viewers and all six episodes were the most-watched episodes on BBC iPlayer. Charlotte Moore, BBC’s Chief Content Officer has recently announced the return, saying: “The BBC is on fire creatively. “The return of four of our biggest dramas over the last year demonstrates the sheer scale and range of storytelling on the BBC.” News of the renewal has certainly gone down well with fans who were quick to express their delight. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? On Twitter, @myboysquiggle wrote: "Wasn't fussed about Vigil tbh but The Responder and Time were fantastic, while The Tourist was enjoyable fun." @JamieDFanAc agreed: "Season 2 confirmed for The Tourist. Happy Tuesday #JamieDornan #TheTourist." (sic) @DeniseC33783540 gushed: "Blessings Tuesday…the Tourist has been scheduled for season 2…have a great day." Discussing the move by the BBC, one viewer questioned the decision as @jedi_read wondered: "Good on the Responder as that left it open. Surprise with Vigil thought that was a pretty shut story."  The Tourist begins when Elliot (played by Jamie Dornan) wakes up in the Australian Outback with no recollection of who he is, and he must try to piece together his memory as merciless figures from his past pursue him. In the season finale, viewers saw Luci (Shalom Brune-Franklin) get Kostas' (Alex Dimitriades) brother, whom he thought had died decades ago, on the phone, and tell Kostas to change his ways. Moreover, Kostas chose to listen to the hallucination of his brother and attempted to murder Luci. Elliot then grabbed Lachlan's (Damon Herriman) gun but as they both ended up in a brawl Kostas was fatally shot and Luci took a bullet to her stomach.  Elliot drove Luci to the hospital, with the bag of money in his car, but she died before they got there. In the scenes that followed, Elliot left the bag of Kostas' money to Sue - whose husband was killed by Billy- and tried to kill himself by crashing his car. After a rocky relationship with Helen Chambers (Danielle Macdonald), the pair seemingly made amends after his unforgivable actions before the amnesia. The offbeat, tense mystery thriller concluded after Elliot received a text message from Helen with an emoji of a burrito, a private joke they both share, prompting Elliot to smile.   News of the renewal also comes just days after star Danielle joined Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes on This Morning on Monday and was asked about another possible season. “Would I do another season of this?” the actress asked herself. "I would, of course!” “I loved the writing, I loved the character [and] I loved the world." She told the ITV hosts: “I would hands down do it again but I have no idea if there is even any intention of that.”   The second biggest new drama of 2022 so far was The Responder, which followed urgent response officer and troubled family man Chris Carson (Martin Freeman), launching with nearly 10 million viewers across 30-days. The Responder will return for a second series and will once again be set and filmed in Liverpool. Suranne Jones' Vigil was the UK’s most-watched new drama launch in three years since Bodyguard in 2018, attracting an audience of over 13 million viewers across 30-days for episode one, and the series overall had an average of 12.6m viewers over 30-days. When a crew member is found dead aboard the Trident nuclear submarine HMS Vigil, the Scottish police begin an inquiry. Detective Amy Silva (played by Suranne) is forced to join the crew onboard to conduct her investigation. The Tourist season 1 is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 