  Good Omens star Michael Sheen has taken to Twitter to share his exciting baby news with his 578,200 followers. The actor and his partner Anna Lundberg was inundated with messages of congratulations from his many friends and fans alike.     Michael, 53, shared a cute snap of Anna’s belly, which she held with one hand alongside Michael and their little girl Lyra. Back in July 2019, Michel announced that he and his partner, Swedish actor Anna, were expecting their first child together. The couple's daughter Lyra was born on 23 September 2019. Now it seems that the talented pair will welcome another little bundle of joy into the world later this year.   In a tweet this evening Michael wrote: “…..it appears there may be another on the way!” The actor added the hashtag #AngelDelight, which will seem fitting to many fans who know him as the angel Aziraphale from Amazon Prime’s Good Omens. In the popular series, Michael stars opposite Doctor Who actor David Tennant, 50, as they attempt to prevent the apocalypse. The actors both took to video chat to film the BBC show Staged, which was filmed over lockdown.      The quirky comedy series which took place during the COVID-19 pandemic showed the two actors attempting to rehearse for a new show with disastrous results. Michael’s partner Anna and David’s wife Georgia, 37, also starred as exaggerated versions of themselves. In March 2021 Michael revealed that he, Anna and their then 17-month-old daughter Lyra were battling COVID-19, though thankfully the family recovered. In the comments section of his new post, Michaels followers seemed over the moon for the star and his partner. READ MORE... Emmerdale's Emma Atkins issues warning to Lucy Pargeter over soap [NEWS] Catherine Zeta Jones 'so proud' of Michael Douglas at SAG Awards [NEWS] Holly Willoughby sparks concern over Stacey Solomon's absence [NEWS]      Ellie Cub wrote: “Oh sir! What wonderful news - many congratulations to you all! “I hope things are progressing nicely with the pregnancy and Ms. Lundberg is in good health. All my love.” Phil Hudson commented: “What a lovely photo. Congratulations! The world can never have too many Sheenicles.” Glyndwr454 added: “Huge congratulations to you all. Lovely news such as this shines as a light of positivity and hope.”     “How lovely, many congratulations to all of you! What a beautiful picture,” Katie Marsden added with a heart emoji. Helen Tuck penned: “Congratulations all! So pleased for you and announcing this on St David’s day too! Excellent day!” Before he started dating Anna in 2019, Michael was in a relationship with English actress Kate Beckinsale from 1995 until 2003, and the pair welcomed their 23-year-old daughter named Lily in 1999. Between these two relationships, Michael has also dated English ballet dancer Lorraine Stewart, Canadian actress Rachel McAdams and American comedian Sarah Silverman from 2014 up until 2018.   