Hundreds of homes were reportedly shaken by a tremor at around 9.20pm last night. Eden Geothermal, which is currently drilling in the area, said the “small seismic event” was linked to their testing work. Residents near Bodelva, a small hamlet near St Austell home to the Eden Project, was rocked by a tremor which made houses “rumble”. The Eden Geothermal project was established to provide sustainable energy to the ecological project, as well as power for 7,000 homes. It hopes to further harness geothermal energy – wherein water is pumped into a hot part of the earth’s crust, before rising back to the surface as steam. An initial well has already been dug at a depth of 4.9km, which is being used to heat the Eden Project, and a second well is currently being dug to a depth of 4.5km. READ MORE: Canary Islands record 103 earthquakes in six days However, testing of the electricity-generating, revolutionary project has left locals feeling “freaked out” after the rumble. Kayleigh Gooch told the organisation: “Maybe you should’ve warned people. “You freaked a lot of us out. And that must’ve been very strong for our houses to rumble like they did!” Meanwhile, Jenny Cox said that the bang had “sounded like a bomb had gone off in Penwithick”, a seven-minute drive away. Belinda Waldock said that the seismic event was “frightening and significant” and “has frightened people”. And Delia Sanderson, from Rosevean, nine minutes away, said it had been “quite concerning”. In a statement released last night, Eden Geothermal apologised for the disturbance. It said that it was “aware that a small seismic event was felt and heard in the vicinity of the Eden Geothermal site shortly after 9.20pm this evening. DON'T MISS British drivers hit by BIGGEST ever daily diesel price rise [ANALYSIS] Putin’s troops shooting OWN comrades for not killing innocent [INSIGHT] 'Putin has lost touch!' 1.2m Russians sign anti-war petition [REPORT] The organisation added: “An investigation and analysis of seismic monitoring data have confirmed that the event was linked to testing operations at Eden Geothermal. “No damage has been reported, and the event was within regulatory limits, but in order to minimise the likelihood of further disturbance, we have halted operations while additional mitigation controls are put in place.” Jim Richards responded on Facebook, stating that “any seismic event in Cornwall is massive!” Another resident, who lives in Castledore, an 11 minute drive from the rig, said that it had made their house “rattle”. The green energy project, costing £16.8million, was given the green light to start construction in the summer of 2020. It has been hailed as an example of Britain’s innovations towards the Government’s Net Zero goals. Alok Sharma, who was president of the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow last year, visited the plant in May ahead of the conference. During the visit, he said: “Innovative technology, like that being used by Eden Geothermal to unlock sustainable, naturally occurring energy, is a fantastic example of being able to grow our economy through skilled jobs while cutting our emissions. “I look forward to seeing this pioneering project moving full steam ahead.”