Royal expert and correspondent Jonathan Sacerdoti discussed how more "activities" have been dished out to other Royal Family members as the Queen gets older and alarm bells rang over her health. Mr Sacerdoti said the Queen chooses not to fly anymore due to her age and said these events are now taken on by other royals. The commentator added it has allowed Prince Charles and Prince William to get used to carrying out these duties when they inevitably will take the throne before discussing how other royals stepped up while the Queen was ill.   Speaking to Royally US, Mr Sacerdoti reflected on the past few years and how it helped Prince Charles and William to stand in for the Queen. He explained: "So I think that it's been really interesting to watch that over the years not just over the last two years during the Covid pandemic but also generally during the Queen's later life. "There has been more activity shared out among the family among the working Royals and even before Meghan and Harry left the country and left the working royal family, they also shouldered some of that burden. "I think that's been a feature of the later part of Her Majesty the Queen's life. "And that is to say that as somebody gets older in any family or in any business or work role, they may allow other people to step in and do some of the activities that require slightly younger body, maybe even sometimes a slightly younger mind. "The Queen stopped doing international travel some years ago and then those sorts of trips were shared out to among other members of the family." Mr Sacredoti then looked at the pandemic and how that affected the way the Royal Family carried out their business. He continued: "So we've seen the same sort of thing happened during the lockdown and then during the period of ill health that Prince Philip had before he passed away.  "And now during the Queen's Covid and other health issues that she has been reported to have had since October. "So the others are taking on more of the duties and in fact, I think it's quite good for them as well because Prince Charles has always been a hard-working Royal and Prince William too. "But the more they get to do now, the more the baton is being handed over in such a way that they're getting used to some of those roles or when they themselves are monarch. "And I think that's part of how hereditary royal family works, [they] would grow up knowing that you're going to inherit some of these roles and you will start to take some of the burden even during the twilight of your predecessor." The Queen made her first public appearance since contracting Covid a few weeks ago and met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS Queen is permanently leaving Buckingham Palace - inside former home [PICTURES] Harry and Meghan advised to ditch attention-seeking stunts for Jubilee [REVEAL]Harry tipped to attend Charles' coronation to 're-invigorate' brand [INSIGHT]  Mr Trudeau said: "I can tell you in my conversation with her this morning she was as insightful and perspicacious as ever, very interested in what's going on." Buckingham Palace revealed the elderly monarch caught Covid and would be carrying out "light duties" as she recovered. Royal Family members continued to carry out their engagements as she rest with royal experts explaining it was a good sign as any dire health news would likely see the royals at the Queen's bedside. The Queen also suffered a "back sprain" in November and was forced to pull out of major engagements, such as Cop26. In her stead, Prince Charles took centre stage and represented the Royal Family at the summit. 