After a fraudulent call on Sunday, the couple were urged to move their hard earned money into a ‘safer’ account as fraud had been detected. The caller claimed to be from the fraud squad of the police in London. The man was told on the phone call that his account had been hacked and he needed to urgently check it. When he did so, he noticed an actual fraudulent transaction that he did not make and was then told to create a separate account to transfer his funds to. The man and his wife did this in a matter of minutes, sending a total of £77,000 to the new account. The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) shared there are ongoing inquiries into the situation. They have made an appeal for information on this scam.  PSNI Inspector Mark Conway warned savers: “Please, be on your guard. Scammers are relentless and are constantly finding ways and means to con people. He added that “any amount of money lost to a scammer is a horrible experience” but noted that the sheer amount that was lost in this scam was “devastating”. Mr Conway added: "This couple have been conned out of their hard-earned cash – tens of thousands of pounds. “We can only imagine how distressing and traumatic this ordeal is for them.”    "Always err on the side of caution. “It’s also really important if you have older members of family, talk with them and tell them legitimate providers will never seek their personal details, such as banking information, over the phone. “This is a really important conversation to have. Guarding your personal and banking details is essential. Never disclose them to any unauthorised person.” Lloyds Bank has issued warnings and guidance for fraudulent calls similar to the one that scammed the victims out of thousands.  Lloyds warned the scammers will usually urge people to transfer their money to another account which is owned by the fraudster. To fool victims, fraudsters will usually use one of the following lies:  Scam calls are increasingly common and generally consist of a scammer posing as a trusted organisation or person. Lloyds highlighted that these scammers can replace genuine phone numbers of the organisations they are impersonating. They shared: “Only a fraudster would call to tell you to move money to another account. “If you get a call like this, hang up.”