Young midfielder Boubacar Kamara has become a star at Marseille over the past few seasons, but Newcastle have been handed a major boost in their pursuit of the 22-year-old following comments made by their president. Newcastle United have essentially been given the green light by Marseille's president to pursue a deal for highly-rated star Boubacar Kamara next summer. The 22-year-old has been in great form for the French side this season after establishing himself as a core part of their midfield since the age of 18, and Les Olympiens currently sit second in Ligue 1. Kamara was linked with a summer exit from Marseille, but the midfielder remained in the south of France, although he could be snapped up ahead of next season. And Newcastle have been given a huge transfer boost following comments made by the club president over Kamara's future.  JUST IN: Man Utd 'open talks' with Declan Rice alternative as director spotted Newcastle already made one major midfield signing from Ligue 1 in January as they secured the signature of Bruno Guimaraes from Lyon, following a lengthy battle with Arsenal. But the Magpies are at the start of their transition under the new owners, and it's likely that they will continue to oversee a large turnaround in players for a number of seasons, just as Manchester City did from 2008. Despite being the richest club in the world, Kamara will cost them nothing, as the Frenchman is available for a free transfer at the end of the season as his contract with Marseille expires. And Newcastle will be able to blow all other competition out of the water with the wages that they can offer.  DON'T MISS...Joao Felix spotted at Carabao Cup final amid Arsenal transfer rumoursHarry Kane urged to avoid Michael Owen mistake if he leaves TottenhamBruno Fernandes’ stance on Manchester United future explained Marseille are desperate to keep hold of their young star, but their decision to make the loan signing of Arsenal youngster Matteo Guendouzi permanent is a sign that they may be planning for life without Kamara. And their president, Pablo Longoria, has also given them a boost by explaining the 'problem' that they face due to how football works in the modern day. "I believe that, until the end, you have to have hope," says Longoria. "There is no conflict with Boubacar Kamara. His commitment is unquestioned. I do not hide the fact that a club who developed a player is not in a comfortable situation when they could lose him. "To tell the truth, the ending of a contract is a problem in today’s football. We have to think about how the industry works.  "Money that could have been passed between clubs before, now it’s in the pockets of agents and families. There are advantages to being a free player." Should Kamara decide not to renew his current deal at Marseille, it's likely that a whole host of clubs will be in for him, with Leeds and Newcastle. Aston Villa and Manchester United all holding talks with the player's agent according to The Telegraph. United are seeking a long-term replacement for Paul Pogba who is seemingly on his way out this summer, but Newcastle can offer him a mammoth contract, as well as the guarantee of more game time. With Joe Willock already thriving in the Newcastle midfield, and Guimaraes yet to make his mark, it could be the beginning of a dominant spine at the club, with Chris Wood also yet to find his feet. And Kamara may look to emulate the success of fellow Frenchman Yohan Cabaye, who was excellent at Newcastle in a similar position. 