Pieces of Her is the latest thriller to be brought to life by Netflix, starring Hereditary and Muriel's Wedding actress Toni Collette as mysterious mum Laura. Her daughter Andrea Cooper (played by Bella Heathcote) soon discovers her mother is hiding secrets after a violent attack in their small town puts her own life in danger. With Laura unwilling to talk too much about her old life, it is up to Andrea to find out the truth for herself. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Pieces of Her. Drama Pieces of Her was released in full on Netflix on Friday, March 4. All eight episodes are now ready to watch so subscribers can binge-watch over the weekend. The series, which is based on the best-selling book of the same name by Karin Slaughter, has received rave reviews leading up to its release even before fans have had a chance to watch it all. As of writing this article though, there has been no talk of a second season. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 Pieces of Her hasn't yet been renewed for a series two by Netflix, leaving its future up in the air. Of course, it is still very early days, seeing as the series has only just come out on the streaming service. Typically, Netflix likes to wait to see fan reactions and viewing figures before making a decision about a show's future. However, there is already an indication that could point to more episodes coming. The book of Pieces of Her is a standalone novel with no follow-up, making viewers assume that there will be no further episodes. But when it is intended for a show to have just one series like Behind Her Eyes and The Queen's Gambit, Netflix labels it a "limited series". But this isn't the case for Pieces of Her as the streamer has instead referred to it as "season one". This could potentially imply there is a chance of the drama making a comeback for a second outing. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street cancelled for FA Cup in ITV shake-up [CANCELLED]How Netflix has hit back at Russia: US streaming giant joins pushback [EXPLAINER]Why did Anna Sorokin dress up for court? Trial looks explained [REAL LIFE] Of course, this is all speculation at the moment with no official word from Netflix. Express.co.uk will update this article if any more new information comes out. Going by the series one finale, there is plenty of potential for another series to be made. Andrea discovered the truth about her mum Laura who was involved in the death of her wealthy dad and head of a pharmaceutical company, Martin Queller (Terry O'Quinn). Laura, who was then called Jane Queller (Jessica Barden) was seeing the head of cult-group Army of the Changing World Nick Harp (Joe Dempsie) who wanted to take her dad down a peg or two. She got pregnant with Nick's child and Martin was trying to force her to have an abortion. The group was planning on publicly humiliating Martin at an event by covering him in red paint to represent blood but instead, Laura handed the woman responsible for the paint, a gun. Her dad was murdered and now her long-lost brother politician Jasper (David Wenham) knows the truth but is he going to want his revenge? Pieces of Her is available to watch on Netflix.