Gary Lineker, 61, has made a very public dig at Piers Morgan, 56, as he announced his new professional venture. Piers had taken to social media to reveal that his new show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored, was “coming soon”. The broadcaster’s new programme will feature an hour-long daily show which will air weeknights on new channel TalkTV in the UK. Earlier today, Piers shared a picture of the programme’s logo in view of his 7.9 million followers, with the caption: “Coming soon.” Gary was quick to react to the update, joking: “Finally, you will be uncensored and we’ll be able to hear your views. “I’ve really missed them.” Piers Morgan: Uncensored is set to launch in early 2022 with everyone in the UK able to watch. The programme will also be available to stream on FOX Nation in America and via Sky News Australia Down Under. However, a release date on TalkTV is yet to be announced. According to News UK Broadcasting, Piers Morgan: Uncensored will be a "fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews; celebrating free speech and the right for people to share their views". Piers said he was "delighted" to be at the forefront in the new daily show. In a statement released by the publisher, Piers referenced Good Morning Britain, which he left last year after storming off the set when he got into a row with presenter Alex Beresford. Piers said the upcoming show’s main aim is to “cancel” cancel culture and promote debate. He said: “A year ago today, I was forced to leave a job I loved, at the peak of its success, for having the audacity to express an honestly held opinion. DON'T MISS...Bobbie Nelson dead: Willie Nelson's sister and bandmate dies aged 91 [LATEST]Madonna posts ageless video for Frozen 25 years after origina [UPDATE]Carol Vorderman, 61, showcases ageless figure in skintight jumpsuit [INSTAGRAM] "This shouldn’t happen in any democracy supposedly built on the principles of free speech and freedom of expression. "I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. "I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. “I also want it to annoy all the right people,” the Life Stories star concluded. Executive editor of TV at News UK, Winnie Dunbar Nelson, described Piers as “a fearless journalist and broadcaster with an unmatched ability to engage audiences internationally". She added: “With Piers Morgan Uncensored, we’ll be doing something genuinely new - a daily show created for a global audience.” TalkTV will include a mix of "news bulletins, sports and entertainment shows, as well as current affairs, debate, opinion and documentaries". There will also be a new "straight and balanced news show" presented by journalist Tom Newton Dunn.