Some have already attempted to use their newly-brought discounted watches to turn a handsome profit, selling the item for thousands more pounds online. One “buy-it-now” listing on eBay, added today, puts the watch at £3,206 – plus £12.85 postage! Another customer put their watch on eBay for “auction”. By 4.45, just three bidders had put the price up to just shy of £1,370 (with just £12 postage on this occasion). Photos from PA show some customers even queued overnight to ensure they got their hands on one of the much sought-after watches. But at one stage today, on Saturday, shop assistants were forced to put a sign up in the shop window telling customers “store is closed” due to the chaos that had broken out. Similar scenes have been reported elsewhere across the world, including in Paris and New York, where the watch was also on sale. The stores are now closed. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Farmers in stitches as tractor tow away Russian vehicle “All hands and the tachymeter scale are in white, just like the original Moonwatch.” The Omega X Swatch is a budget take on the Speedmaster Professional, nicknamed the “Moonwatch” because it was the first watch worn by an astronaut walking on the Moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] This was worn not by Neil Armstrong, the first man on the moon, who is understood to have left his Speedmaster inside the lunar module, the electric time of which had malfunctioned. It was instead first worn on the moon by Buzz Aldrin. He later said of his decision to wear the watch while walking on the moon: “It was optional to wear while we were walking on the surface of the moon... few things are less necessary when walking around on the moon than knowing what time it is in Houston, Texas. The new “Mission to the Moon” Swatch has already sold out on the official Swatch website. Its caseback features the words: “Dream big – fly high - explore the universe – reach for the planets.”