Ukrainian actor Pasha Lee has died at the age of 33 on March 6 during Russian shelling in the town of Irpin, which is just northwest of Kyiv. Pasha had enlisted in the Ukraine army’s Territorial Defence Forces before his death. The sad news was announced by the Odesa International Film Festival on Facebook. The statement read: “On March 6, as a result of shelling by Russian occupiers in the Ukrainian city of Irpin, the famous Ukrainian actor Pasha Li was killed. He was 33 years old. “The artist joined the ranks of the Territorial Defense Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in order to protect the country from Russian occupiers.” Pasha had previously shared pictures of himself in his military uniform in view of his 5,805 followers. READ MORE... Craig Revel Horwood speaks on 'falling in love' with Strictly co-star  One photo featured the caption “Let’s unite”.    The other snap read: “For the last 48 hours there is an opportunity to sit down and take a picture of how we are being bombed, and we are smiling, because we will manage and everything will be UKRAINE… WE ARE WORKING !!!”    Just before his death, Pasha shared photos of himself in the gym, celebrating Valentine’s Day, and debuting his new haircut.    Pasha was a famous film and dubbing actor, singer and composer.  He often performed in Kyiv’s Koleso theatre and starred in films and commercials. He appeared in Valentyn Vasyanovych’s The Pit in 2006, and Lyubomyr Levytsky’s Shadows of Unforgotten Ancestors in 2013. Lee also provided Ukrainian dubbing for Hollywood films including The Hobbit and The Lion King. Alongside his work as an actor, Pasha was a presenter on the DOM channel. DON'T MISS:Strictly's Claudia Winkleman issued health warning by famous mum [HEALTH]Susanna Reid details sons' reaction to men fancying her [OPINION]Matt Baker sparks frenzy with family announcement on Instagram [COMMENT] Head of the UATV/DOM Platform, Julia Ostrovsk, credited Pasha as the "most joyful and sunny" member of the team of TV presenters working on the programme.  Sergiy Tomilenko, President of Ukraine’s National Union of Journalists, also paid tribute to Pasha while confirming his death.  Tomilenko’s Facebook post said: “The National Association of Journalists of Ukraine express sincere condolences to Paul's family and loved ones.  "Our words of support are the entire team of the DOM channel, which embodies a noble mission of speech for the deoccupation of Donetsk, Luhansk regions and Crimea. True, because of Russia's attack on all Ukraine, the mission is correct.  "Now all journalists are working to de-occupation of the country. For the sake of the world..." One of his final projects before his death was the 2021 crime series Provincial. Ukrainian actor Anastasiya Kasilova, who worked with Pasha on Provincial, paid tribute to her former co-star on Facebook. She wrote: “He is an actor, TV presenter, my colleague and a good acquaintance… Never forgive!” It was reported that eight civilians in Ukraine were killed by Russian shelling as they tried to flee the town on March 6, the day Pasha died. The victims included two children and were members of the same family, Irpin mayor Oleksandr Markushyn confirmed.