Chelsea fans may be granted ticket hope for their upcoming Champions League and FA Cup ties as talks continue between the club and government officials. The Blues have faced an uncertain future since owner Roman Abramovich was hit with sanctions earlier this month. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has had to keep his players' minds focused on football since the sanctions were imposed less than two weeks ago. Saturday's FA Cup victory over Middlesbrough was a testament to his success in that regard, having overseen a run of six consecutive wins. Abramovich had his assets frozen by the UK government, including Chelsea Football Club, which effectively cut the club off from their owner's money. The approach was part of a continued crackdown against Russian President Vladimir Putin's military invasion of Ukraine. The measures left Chelsea unable to sell club merchandise, offer new contracts or even sell tickets for future matches. That left Blues fans in the lurch regarding whether they would be able to attend games over the coming weeks. JUST IN: Tottenham target Paulo Dybala prepares to ditch Juventus and 'open talks' on free transfer The Champions League and the FA Cup are entering their latter stages, and Chelsea are still alive in both. A 4-1 aggregate victory over Lille set up a mouthwatering European quarter-final tie with Real Madrid, while their recent win over 'Boro set up a semi-final date with Crystal Palace. According to The Times, talks are ongoing on the possibility of a commercial ticket agency selling the club's tickets for both of those ties. The money made would then go into a frozen account as both parties try to figure out an acceptable route back to normality. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte names wonderkid with 'brilliant future' after West Ham win [QUOTES]Arsenal boss Arteta may give up on flop after nightmare showing vs Aston Villa [COMMENT]Man Utd boss Rangnick told of Paul Pogba replacement who could save millions [QUOTES] The ticket proceeds would be treated as part of the money generated from selling the club, which is set to be put towards helping war victims in Ukraine. The plan is currently under consideration by the Office of Sanctions Implementation. The first leg against Madrid is scheduled for April 6 and the date to face Palace at Wembley is set at April 16. If the Blues' takeover is completed before either of those ties, the proceeds could go from the frozen account to the new owners.  Chelsea fans could also have more hope as there is talk of a similar method extending to Premier League games if their ownership transitions drags on. The deadline for final takeover bids was set for last Friday, and the process of whittling the group down to preferred bidders is believed to be underway. Among those who went public with their interest to buy the club are British businessman Nick Candy, the Ricketts family and a consortium involving London 2012 chief Lord Coe.