The veteran journalist, 57, has been hailed as a hero this week for his reporting on the war in Ukraine from the capital Kyiv. In addition to his updates on the conflict for BBC News, Clive is also on our TV screens tonight on ‘Celebrity Mastermind’. The presenter was announced as the new host of the BBC’s popular quiz show in March last year. The star replaced long time host John Humphrys on the programme, which marks its 50th anniversary this year. Clive was asked about his and other journalists’ experiences in the war-torn country, as well as his motivations for reporting on the conflict, which has so far claimed hundreds of lives. He told his BBC colleague Christian Fraser: “None of us are forced to come here. “It’s part of our job. We all feel that we want to tell the story of this war and tell it accurately and fairly. “That is really important because there is so much…I was going to use the word c*** – I might as well. “There is so much c*** out there that is misinformation, propaganda, nonsense. “What you’re trying to do, whether it is the New York Times, Washington Post, Channel 4, ITV, Sky, BBC, is you’re trying to be truthful to this story.” The journalist then gestured to people in a shelter behind him as he discussed journalists’ safety in the country. He said: “We’re representing the people that are having to cower down here. “We want to represent them fairly. But you’ve got to weigh that against your own personal safety.” He added: “We have a security team here. We all talk about how much further we can go covering the story and when perhaps we should pull out. DON'T MISS:Turkey: Erdogan power play over Putin as missile-laden warships descend on Bosphorus [LATEST]Vladimir Putin 'not in touch with reality' before Ukraine invasion: 'In another world' [INSIGHT]Do YOU think Boris Johnson should increase defence spending in the UK? Vote in our poll [ANALYSIS] “And if we did stay, what would be the attitude of the Russian troops – they’re going to win this, they have the force of power. “Let’s not pretend the Ukrainian army is going to win this struggle. Because there are simply too many Russian troops.” Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and its subsequent assaults on its neighbour have been condemned by countries around the world. However, Russian President Vladimir Putin has refused to pull his troops out of Ukraine and has continued trying to seize key territory and infrastructure. Moscow has so far taken the city of Kherson and has also captured the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant. Putin’s troops have also made advances on Kyiv, but Moscow’s huge military convoy still remains outside the city. ‘Celebrity Mastermind’ airs on BBC one today from 6:30pm-7pm.