Stan Grant hosted the Australian panel show Q&A earlier this week and spoke to several Australian politicians and political commentators about the situation in Ukraine. But as he opened the floor to questions from the audience, a man began to defend Putin's invasion by suggesting Ukraine had been killing thousands of Russians in Donetsk and Donbas. Mr Grant shrugged off the question but explained he was so frustrated by it later that he asked the person to leave the show as he did not want to promote violence and death. Audience member Sasha Gillies-Lekakis appeared on Q&A but caused outrage among the audience after he discussed Russia’s motives. He asked: "As someone who comes from the Russian community here in Australia, I've been pretty outraged by the narrative depicted by our media with Ukraine as the good guy and Russia as the bad guy. "Believe it or not, there are a lot of Russians here and around the world that support what Putin's doing in Ukraine, myself included. “Since 2014, Ukraine has besieged the Russian populations in Donetsk and Luhansk unprovoked, killing an estimated 13,000 people." Mr Gillies-Lekakis saw audience members accusing him of spreading “propaganda”. Russian media is suggesting citizens in the Donbas region are being persecuted by a Nazi-like Ukrainian Government and that Putin’s “special operation” aims to de-militarise the region to protect the strong Russian community living there. However, Putin’s ambitions often conflict with each other as he has expressed concerns over NATO’s expansion to the east and Ukraine’s membership of the defensive body. Some have suggested having NATO at the border of Russia without Ukraine as a buffer state has made those in the Kremlin uneasy. Mr Grant briefly discussed the question with the panel agreeing murder for murder was not right. As the show moved on from the question, Mr Grant returned back to Mr Gillies-Lekakis and asked him to leave.  He said: "Something has been bothering me, I have to admit, since we had Sasha's question earlier about Russia, and it's been playing on my mind. "Sasha, people here have been talking about family who are suffering and people who are dying. “You supported what's happening, hearing that people are dying. Can I just say I'm just not comfortable with you being here. Could you please leave? "You can ask a question, but we cannot advocate violence. I should have asked you to leave then. It's been playing on my mind and, I'm sorry, but I have to ask you to leave.” The audience member protested but eventually left the studio. DON'T MISS: Boris told unleash £20bn war chest and terrifying weapon 'Putin fears' [REVEAL] Putin 'emboldened' to invade Ukraine by 'gamechanging' China alliance [ANALYSIS] Ukraine battlefield 'transformed' by 2,000 British anti-tank weapons [REPORT]  Mr Grant added: "Again, apologies for the disruption earlier, it's not a good thing to have to exclude people from debate. "We come here in good faith to have an open conversation, rigorous conversation. We've heard different points of view, and we encourage different points of view here. “But we can't have anyone who is sanctioning, supporting, violence and killing of people.” Putin has sought to destabilise the Ukrainian Government since pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was ousted by protesters after he wished to align with Russia over the EU. Putin has attempted to paint the Ukrainian Government as Nazis despite President Zelensky being Jewish. However, Ukrainian nationalist groups in eastern Ukraine, such as the Azov Battalion, do harbour white supremacists which has been highlighted by Russia. 