Former Chelsea captain Marcel Desailly has slammed Paul Pogba for being a ‘lazy’ player and for ‘cheating’ Manchester United when selected in a scathing rant about his countryman. Pogba has featured heavily under Ralf Rangnick since returning from an extended spell in the treatment room. The Frenchman had started six of United’s seven Premier League games heading into their clash with Atletico Madrid on Tuesday. He had also started the first leg of their Champions League last 16 tie, scoring one goal and two assists in the games he has played under Rangnick. But he has frequently come in for criticism for his performances before the German took interim charge of United. The Red Devils made him their club-record signing when they bought him from Juventus, but he has struggled to live up to his £89million price tag. And it appears that Pogba’s time ay Old Trafford is drawing to a close, with his contract expiring in the summer. No breakthrough is expected to be made in negotiations, with the Frenchman almost certain to leave on a free transfer. READ MORE: Man Utd have a £52m gem and other things learned from Atletico defeat But some do not believe his departure will be as big a loss as others may think, including Desailly. The former World Cup winner has slammed Pogba for his ‘lazy’ performances and warned the Red Devils that his countryman avoids putting in the work required when his side are defending. Quality wise you cannot compare Pogba to Fred or McTominay or Matic. But he’s lazy, he’s lazy. You allow him to be some kind of playmaker behind Ronaldo, he will take advantage of it. When it goes well, then he’s fantastic, when it doesn’t go well offensively, he has not brought what everybody was expecting,” Desailly told beIN Sport. DON'T MISS: Paul Scholes singles out two Man Utd players who 'worry him' (INSIGHT)Man Utd boss Rangnick explains dropping three players for Atletico tie (NEWS)Ex-Man Utd star Jaap Stam warns Erik Ten Hag over Old Trafford job (ANALYSIS) “And at the same time, he will cheat a little bit, he will not drop back and help the midfield on the defensive. Fernandes has not produced so he wanted to try something else so Pogba was really an option, you see France have become a world champion without Pogba in that area, he put him close to Kante. Pogba is not disciplined.” Pogba did not start United’s defeat to Atletico Madrid at Old Trafford, which saw Rangnick’s men dumped out of the Champions League. Instead, he was brought on as a substitute, but was unable to inspire his side to overturn the 2-1 deficit on aggregate.