In a new interview with The Sun, Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid, 51, spoke about her “addiction,” which she says started because of her former BBC Breakfast co-star Charlie Stayt, 59. Susanna was asked what she likes to ‘splurge’ on. She replied: “I cannot get enough of candles.” The 51-year-old added: “I’ve got an addiction after BBC Breakfast presenter Charlie Stayt bought me one.” Susanna Reid has hosted ITV's Good Morning Britain since 2014. Previously, she hosted BBC Breakfast for 11 years. READ MORE: Martin Roberts breaks down in tears after Costco purchase rejected   During the interview, Susanna also spoke about taking a step back from “extra” work commitments to focus on her family. She explained: “I’ve made the decision this year because my boys are doing GCSE and A levels, it is really important for me that I am present. “So I’ve got Good Morning Britain, which is my full-time job, and then I’m there for the boys. “I’ve got one more documentary coming out, which has already been filmed, but I actually made a decision not to do extra work,” she told The Sun. She continued: “I work so early in the morning, I come off air at nine o’clock, have a nap, then I’m up for my boys at the end of school. That’s an enormous privilege.” One of the main reasons for Susanna taking some time away from her TV career is due to her sons becoming old enough to leave the family home soon. She said: “They’re a string of little ducklings growing up and leaving. That is something that’s a little bit upsetting but also exciting. “Sam is at university, so we’ve had the first leaving home, and that’s obviously emotional, they have to leave and have their own adventures.” DON’T MISS:‘Not fair on him’ Claudia Winkleman on family heartbreak [LATEST]‘It’s history repeating’ George Clooney's warning over Meghan Markle [NEWS]Strictly's Katya Jones reaches out to ex Neil 'I hope you're proud!' [LATEST]   With International Women's Day taking place this month, Susanna praised her female colleagues. She said: “I’m lucky enough to be working in an industry that is changing, and particularly in ITV Daytime, we’ve got so many strong women” ”I work in a team of brilliant women – Ranvir [Singh], Charlotte [Hawkins], and Kate [Garraway]. “They’re all inspirational, and there’s so much to celebrate, so it’s a wonderful moment.” Speaking about another former co-star, Susanna touched on her friendship with Piers Morgan, who left GMB in March 2021. She commented: “We stay in touch, and he’s a really important person in my life. “We had such an amazing time, and that was an incredible dynamic, he really put his imprint on the programme, and it was very powerful. “All presenting gigs come to an end at some point, don’t they? As they will for all of us. He’s a friend of mine, and that won’t change.”