On Tuesday, a Service of Thanksgiving will be held at Westminster Abbey to commemorate the legacy of Prince Philip. The event will happen shortly before the first anniversary of his death and, unlike his funeral, take place against a backdrop of zero Covid restrictions. A number of European royals are expected to attend Prince Philip’s memorial service. They include: READ MORE: William and Kate savaged in furious five-minute TV rant  As a descendent of King Christian IX and Queen Victoria, Philip's blood ties extend far into European royal families. King Felipe VI of Spain is part of one such family who Philip shares a distant relation.  When Philip died, King Felipe and his wife sent a telegram of condolence to the Queen, saying they were “deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of our dear uncle Philip”. The Queen and King Felipe are third cousins once removed. Philip did not hold any blood ties to King Willem-Alexander, though the Queen does count him as a relative by virtue of being her fifth cousin, twice removed. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Andrew breaks cover! Duke spotted [LIVE]Children set fire to Morrisons in town where parents must 'get a grip' [INSIGHT]Police swarm into street after girl, 11, stabbed near school [NEWS]  After the Duke of Edinburgh's death last April, King Philippe and his wife, Queen Mathilde, shared a touching message to the Queen. The pair said they were "deeply saddened by the passing” of Prince Philip and that they wished to express their “deepest condolences to Her Majesty The Queen, the British Royal Family and the people of the United Kingdom”. Similarly, to King Willem-Alexander, Belgium’s King is not directly related to Philip, but he is a third cousin once removed of the Queen.  As a fellow descendant of Christian IX and Victoria, Queen Margrethe is another distant blood relative of Philip. Sweden’s current monarch and Philip like others on this list are not relatives by blood. However, they are linked through King Carl XVI Gustaf’s relation to the Queen, who are third cousins. Philip was among Margareta’s godparents having held strong relations with her late father, King Michael of Romania. King Michael, was Philip’s cousin and the two, who were both born in 1921, spent a lot of time together in their childhoods. 