Toto Wolff has put his foot down on some misconceptions about Formula One ahead of the release of the fourth season of Drive to Survive. Netflix’s popular docuseries is due to return on March 11, but the Mercedes boss has claimed the behind-the-scenes documentary isn’t an accurate representation of the sport. Mercedes boss Toto has slammed the documentary series for bending the truth to fit its narrative. The team principal appears with other prominent figures from the world of F1 to share their insight during the most recent World Championships. Although he was interviewed for the series, Toto wasn’t happy to have so many eyes on him once Drive to Survive was released to the public. “I'm watching this - episode one, episode two - and I hate it,” he told the Irish Independent. READ MORE: Coronation Street arrival for Daisy Midgeley's family with new set? “I never wanted to have the camera in my face. We gradually grew into this. “Suddenly you realise that it has become so big everywhere in the world with new audiences, younger audiences.” While Toto was happy to see the sport grow in popularity, fans are now more caught up with the business side of F1 than ever before thanks to the series. “It comes with my job and I need to talk about cars and the business side of Formula One,” he explained. “But suddenly you realise that it has become so big everywhere in the world with new audiences, younger audiences.” Toto did admit the documentary’s emphasis on the entertainment of F1 has helped the sport’s popularity skyrocket around the world. However, he went on to claim a number of events depicted in Drive to Survive were falsely reported. He continued: “You hate to see yourself in there. They create a spin to the narrative.” DON'T MISS:Y1883’s Noemi star on ‘brutal scene’ she can’t watch [INTERVIEW]NCIS: Gibbs’ replacement suspended as Parker’s past exposed? [THEORY]Blue Bloods: Tom Selleck explains why Frank still wears a wedding ring [INSIGHT] “They put scenes together that didn't happen. I guess you'd say as an insider, well, that's different than how it was. “But we're creating entertainment, and that is a new dimension of entertainment.” World champion Max Verstappen has also echoed Toto’s criticisms after declining to appear in the fourth season of Drive to Survive. He admitted he didn’t enjoy participating in the on-camera interviews, and even accused the series of fabricating a clash with another driver, Daniel Ricciardo. “From a pilot's point of view, I don't like being part of it,” he told AP. “They have invented a rivalry that doesn't really exist. “That's why I decided not to participate anymore and not give interviews since then, because that way they can't show anything either. “I don't like drama, I want facts and things that really happen.” Drive to Survive’s fourth season will undoubtedly be one of Netflix’s biggest documentary releases of the year, but F1 fans now know to take the series’ claims with a pinch of salt. Netflix has declined to comment at this time. Drive to Survive season 4 will be released on Friday, March 11 on Netflix.