A Place In The Sun presenter Craig Rowe revealed he was almost left "drenched" while filming the popular series on the island of Barbados. The Channel 4 newcomer said disaster struck when the "heavens" suddenly opened. The property expert shared that he was filming the programme in sunny Barbados where he showed house hunters various luxury properties. The small-screen star explained that the weather suddenly took a turn for the worse when he had wrapped up filming. Craig shared that a "torrential storm" almost sparked chaos for the production team. He explained: "When I was in Barbados in November we were filming one of the luxury properties and it was on the market for £1.8 million - it's absolutely beautiful. READ MORE: Susanna Reid bids farewell amid BBC Breakfast colleague's exit "It was a beautiful, sunny day. A perfect Barbados day and we had just wrapped filming. "Just as we were moving the camera and the equipment out into the car the heavens opened. You've never seen rain like it." He continued: "In the Caribbean, it can go from blue perfect sky to a torrential storm within a minute. "We literally ran to the car. If we had still been filming I don't what would have happened." Craig added: "It literally went from perfect Barbados weather to a torrential storm. "Half an hour later it's back to blue skies. I'm like did I just dream that." Meanwhile, Craig opened up about his unfamiliar connection to his co-star Laura Hamilton. The small-screen star gushed over his colleague Laura, who he affectionally called "Lulu", where he explained that the two presenters had worked together years ago. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan rages at Meghan and Harry’s 'fawning lickspittle' Scobie[LATEST]Ron Pember dead: Only Fools and Horses actor dies aged 87[TRIBUTES]'Belong together!' Giovanni Pernice and Rose Ayling-Ellis spark frenzy[STRICTLY] Craig revealed that the pair had worked on an auction channel together called iBuy in the early 2000s. The pair had also crossed paths at the shopping channel QVC, where the property expert explained that he had almost met fellow presenter Lee Juggurnauth. He said: "I actually know Laura [Hamilton] from way back when, many, many years ago. Before she was a superstar. "I also worked with [A Place In The Sun presenter] Lee [Juggurnauth] because he also worked with Lulu. "Other than that, the only time I met the others was when [A Place In The Sun] had their birthday party which was in October. So I met a few people then." Craig shared that he often does not get a chance to see the other Channel 4 presenters. The presenter admitted that it is unfortunate that he is unable to work closely with his colleagues because they are all on different schedules in various parts of the world. A Place In The Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 3pm.