The US President is to deliver his first State of the Union address today, after being formally invited to do so by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. The traditional message is given by occupants of the White House near the start of the year to update the nation on key events. Mr Biden will likely address Congress on the state of the US economy as the nation emerges from the pandemic. Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine will overshadow the US President’s message as the country continues its unprovoked assault on its neighbour. In the latest developments, a missile struck central Kharkiv, Ukraine’s second-largest city, today. A large convoy of Russian military vehicles was also seen advancing towards the Ukrainian capital Kyiv. In Mr Biden’s address, critics may focus on his health, which has been the subject of intense speculation since the 2016 presidential election and continued after he was sworn in as President in January of last year. Famously nicknamed “Sleepy Joe” by his predecessor Donald Trump, Mr Biden has faced questions from Republicans over whether he is fit for office. The US leader, the oldest person to ever be elected President, has made high-profile gaffes and has sometimes appeared confused during public engagements. The President’s wife Jill Biden gave her own blunt response to such speculation during an interview with CBS Morning in December. Host Rita Braver said: “Quite a few Americans have some questions about the president’s current mental fitness.” The US First Lady shook her head as she responded by saying: “I think that’s ridiculous.” Mrs Biden’s rare interview took place at the presidential retreat in Maryland. Her comments over her husband’s health came after a Politico/Morning Consult poll of 1,998 registered voters on the issue the previous month. The survey, carried out from November 13-15, found that 46 percent of Americans agree that Biden is mentally fit, whereas 48 percent disagree. Political strategist Celinda Lake, who has conducted polls for Mr Biden’s Democratic Party, said the damming claims over his health had previously been limited mostly to media hostile towards the President. She told Politico: “They’re running a very aggressive campaign on this, and it’s bleeding over into the mainstream a little. “By and large, the people who believe this are Trump supporters anyway or they’ve been exposed to the right-wing disinformation machine.” DON'T MISS: SAS veterans step up to help – fearsome UK team to join Ukraine's fight against Russia [LATEST]World Cup 2022: Risk competition ‘won’t even take place’ if Russia allowed to take part [INSIGHT]Kick them out! MP demands Russia are banned from World Cup [ANALYSIS] The poll was conducted just before Mr Biden underwent a routine medical exam and colonoscopy, the day before his 79th birthday. His doctors said he was healthy and said in a statement he remains “fit to successfully execute the duties of the presidency”. The experts said they did not find anything “consistent with any cerebellar or other central neurological disorder”. One issue the medical checks did flag was that Mr Biden now has a “perceptibly stiffer and less fluid” gait. His physician, Kevin O’Connor, said this was due to several injuries, and explained that the President also needed to clear his throat or cough more in public. The medical checks also uncovered mild nerve damage in the US leader’s feet, and doctors suggested he wear inserts in his shoes. After his exam, Mr Biden told reporters: “I feel great, nothing’s changed.” White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said speculation over his health was the result of “quite a bit of conspiracy theory pushing out there on a range of social media platforms and even through the mouths of elected officials”.