Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has received some rare praise from his Red Bull counterpart Christian Horner ahead of this afternoon's Bahrain Grand Prix. The pair have struggled to get along over the last few years due to the intense rivalry between Mercedes and Red Bull that often resulted in no shortage of off-track digs at one another over the course of last season. Wolff and Horner have engaged in plenty of verbal sparring during their respective careers in F1 and will be expected to renew hostilities over the coming months as the new season begins to take shape. However, the latter has since admitted that he respects Wolff for speaking out about his mental health struggles in a candid interview ahead of today's race at the Bahrain International Circuit.The Mercedes chief recently explained that he has been consulting a psychiatrist for the best part of the last two decades and has undergone over 500 hours of therapy in order to stay in the right frame of mind. "I have suffered mentally and I still do," Wolff told The Times when quizzed on the topic of his mental wellbeing earlier this month."Getting help is a way of overcoming my problems and it has helped me to access untapped potential. I’ve never had a problem with the stigma. Some of the most successful people are very, very sensitive, and very, very sensitive means very, very vulnerable." JUST IN: Horner torn apart for Hamilton comment: 'Used to respect him' Horner has since offered his support to Wolff by praising his decision to speak up ahead of this afternoon's race. "I think all credit [should go] to Toto for having the courage to talk out about his issues with mental health," said the Red Bull boss during a press conference in Bahrain."It’s something there is much more of a spotlight on these days and I think it’s something in this business we are acutely aware of and something we are looking to be proactive on. I’m fortunate I haven’t had issues personally but I’ve had friends I know who have suffered as a result of mental health issues. “Of course, it’s an important topic and I think it’s very good to highlight it, I think to be able to talk about it is a positive thing. As I say, all credit to Toto for having the confidence to talk out about his own personal issues."Meanwhile, Wolff will be hoping that Lewis Hamilton and George Russell can trouble the likes of Red Bull and Ferrari when the five red lights go out in Bahrain later today. Mercedes appear to be behind their Constructors' Championship rivals in terms of outright pace after struggling with a number of issues during pre-season testing and failing to put either of their cars on the front row of the grid at the end of Saturday's qualifying session. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE