The process of selling a home can be gruelling, especially if it is taking longer than wanted. Luckily, there are small changes homeowners can make to increase their chances of a sale, including cleaning and taking down personal items. Experts at www.hillarys.co.uk have shared “small and inexpensive” changes households can make. They said: “Traditionally, spring is a good time to buy a house because there are more homes on the market, so it’s important that sellers set themselves apart from the competition by making small and inexpensive changes to their home. “Paint your walls white. Whilst you might be in love with your bright orange downstairs bathroom or turquoise feature wall proudly displayed in your living room, not everyone will have the same feeling towards them. “By giving rooms with a particularly garish colour palette a lick of white paint, there is a higher chance that potential buyers will be able to better visualise how they would be able to decorate a property to better suit their own style and taste. “Added to this is the fact that white is a great colour choice for making a room appear bigger than it really is.” READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks Homeowners are also advised to take down family photographs as it can help prospective buyers envisage living there. The experts added: “Also get professional cleaners in for viewings. Investing in a deep clean and declutter of your home before viewings commence is vital for giving off the wow factor when prospective buyers walk through the door. “Of course, you probably don’t live in a totally spotless home much of the time, but it will give them the impression that, if they purchase the house, they could.” Many buyers are becoming increasingly stricter at checking over homes thoroughly before considering making an offer. DON'T MISS:‘Key tips’ to help houseplants ‘thrive’ this spring [EXPERT]Home renovations to ‘add value’ to your property - ‘massive asset’ [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to clean patio - ‘came up sparkling’ [EXPLAINER] This means Britons should consider getting their ovens deep cleaned, jet-washing their patios as well as sprucing up any trees, budges and hedges. Hillarys experts continued: “Make a statement from the get go. Your front door is the first thing potential buyers will see when arriving at your home, so why not make a good impression? “Freshen it up with a bold weatherproof paint that will protect it from the elements and improve curb appeal. “You could also add a new door number and knocker to give it a smart finishing touch.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Potential buyers can be easily turned off if the front of the house is run down and tired. According to Foxtons, buyers will make up their mind on a property within the first 30 seconds of walking into a home, which makes the first impression crucial. Hillarys experts explained: “Try giving it a spruce up if needed, whether that’s a fresh lick of paint or adding a pretty hanging basket by the door. “Pay attention to lighting too. Small lighting changes can go a long way to making your house feel more spacious and open, which could be a game changer for potential buyers, and it doesn’t have to cost a fortune. “Add a centrepiece light into the larger rooms for impact. “You can also use lamps and wall lights around the house to add drama, mood and make it feel more homely, it’ll completely transform the space. “Otherwise, try strategically angling your furniture towards natural light sources that you might already have filtering into your rooms to allow ample brightness.” Rachel Fernie, spokesperson for www.hillarys.co.uk, said: “Whilst prospective new buyers viewing a home for the very first time are actively encouraged to keep an open mind with regards to the interior design choices of current owners, it’s still vitally important for them to be able to visualise themselves being able to live there, and with a few small changes it can help the process along and avoid them being put off from purchasing.”