Rafael Nadal has called the physio and doctor onto court during his Indian Wells final after losing the first set 6-3 to Taylor Fritz. The world No 4 suffered a pectoral injury in his semi-final against Carlos Alcaraz. Nadal has started the year unefeated on a 20-0 match-winning streak, winning titles in Melbourne, the Australian Open and Acapulco on his run. But he quickly went 0-4 down in uner twenty minutes to start of his final against Fritz. It was the American whose participation was in doubt leading up to the final after he had tweaked his ankle in the final game of his semi-final victory over Andrey Rublev on final, cutting his pre-final warm-up short after just five minutes when it appeared to get worse. But it was the world No 4 whose injury decidied to stick around from the previous round. During his three-set marathon win over Carlos Alcaraz in Saturday's second semi-final, Nadal called the trainer for a pectoral issue before closing out a 6-4 4-6 6-3 victory. And he appeared flat from the start of the final, asking chair umpire Carlos Bernardes to have both the doctor and physio at the ready before Fritz stepped up to serve for the opener at 5-2. JUST IN: Nadal Indian Wells defeat spurs Alcaraz on with defiant response  The Spaniard managed to break back and keep himself alive in the opener but Fritz, playing his first-ever Masters 1000 final, managed to break once more to take a 6-3 lead. The physio promptly arrived onto court and left with Nadal alongside. His chances of playing the rest of the match were questioned by the likes of Greg Rusedski on Amazon Prime Video but the fourth seed emerged from the tunnel and continued to play on in the second set, still appearing a shadow of the player he had been in his previous rounds. Nadal managed to hold on in his first service game of the second set and let out a loud "vamos" as he fistpumped to show he was still backing himself in the championship match. DON'T MISSRoger Federer's potential return date as Swiss star's promising updateKyrgios defiant message after Indian Wells outburst in Nadal lossNadal GOAT verdict given in Djokovic and Federer Indian Wells absence  Nadal had downplayed any sign of a physical issue after his three hour and 12 minute victory over Alcaraz, despite needing the trainer for his pec. “Physically I feel well. I played three hours, almost three hours the other day, three hours today," he said after the semi-final. "In terms of physical performance, I don’t feel very tired. Here with the conditions, I always felt good physically here. I think I never lost a match here for a physical issue, in terms of being tired. I am quite well, honestly. I can’t complain. I am enjoying. Yeah, I had plenty of tough battles this week, but I still alive, so."