Now that Tina Carter's (played by Luisa Bradshaw-White) body has been found, it will be only a matter of time before people start to work out Gray's (Toby-Alexander Smith) involvement. He killed the EastEnders favourite because she was on to him about Chantelle Atkins' (Jessica Plummer) death. This means the discovery of Tina's body will open up a big can of worms for the lawyer, and all his criminal secrets could come to light. When Mitch (Roger Griffiths) hears people's suspicions about Gray and Chantelle, he is likely to lose it with his former son-in-law. Will the BBC soap favourite get arrested for attacking him? After Tina became suspicious of Gray, during Christmas 2020 he confessed to killing Chantelle but Tina made a fatal error moments later. She told the violent father she would reveal the truth to everyone before trying to escape. But it was too late and Gray trapped her, leading her to frantically call Mick (Danny Dyer) to make an exit. However, he didn’t pick up as he was engaged in a difficult discussion with his estranged wife Linda (Kellie Bright). Moments later, Gray carried Tina’s lifeless body into the boot of his car. READ MORE: Shane Warne dead: Australia cricket legend dies aged 52 In the last episode, Mick Carter and Shirley Carter (Linda Henry) found out the body found on the Square was that of Tina. Gray is bound to start panicking and attempting to cover his tracks, but as he was in hospital when the news broke it will take him by surprise. In upcoming episodes, things are set to get worse for the villain. As the walls close in on Gray, he turns to the only person he can trust – Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley). Whitney Dean (Shona McGarty) and Mick accuse Gray of killing Tina, but Karen is in denial about what Gray is capable of. She decides to protect Gray, hiding him in the flat away from suspicious neighbours. Gray is grateful and ends up pouring his heart out to her, leaving Karen falling for his lies more strongly than ever. Mitch, on the other hand, is not so convinced by Gray's lies. It’s only a matter of time before he learns the awful truth that Gray abused Chantelle and killed her. How will Mitch react to the devastating news? DON'T MISS... Question of Sport pays tribute to guest captain Shane Warne [LATEST]Call the Midwife star opens up on character trauma 'knocked sideways' [INTERVIEW]Dad’s Army star speaks out on John Le Mesurier 'Felt sorry for him' [LATEST] As Chantelle's dad, he is bound to be heartbroken and angry. As he struggles with the shocking revelations and explains the truth to Karen though, she refuses to believe the story. She only wants to believe the best about her former son-in-law and can't be convinced of his guilt. Could Karen begin to help Gray sneak away, causing Mitch to lose it and attack him? Perhaps Karen, wanting to help Gray, will call the police to stop Mitch from getting violent. Before they arrive, Karen might help Gray to make a quick get-away. Could Mitch be arrested for launching into a violent rage while Gray is able to escape Walford? Once Karen learns the truth, she will be undoubtedly distraught. Will Chelsea Fox (Zaraah Abrahams) be able to confront the truth herself and admit to Karen what Gray is really like before it's too late? EastEnders continues on Monday at 8pm on BBC One.