The Duke of Sussex, 37, will later this year release a memoir that its publisher has described as “intimate and heartfelt”. According to Penguin Random House, Harry will “share, for the very first time, the definitive account of the experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him”. In a statement at the time of announcing the memoir, Harry said: "I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become." He added: "I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story - the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned - I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think. There has been speculation that the book could see the prince make further claims about his time as a royal. In addition, one area of intense speculation is around Harry’s relationship with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who will one day be crowned Queen consort. Prince Harry has a steadfast loyalty to his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales and royal watchers have questioned whether this could be the cause of a rift between himself and his stepmother Camilla. Yet Harry has been warned that dishing the dirt on his stepmother risks further damaging his own reputation both here in the UK, and stateside where he now lives. Royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti warns that if Harry uses his book to dish the dirt on his father’s second wife it could backfire on him. He claims that if Harry aimed to “discredit her”, it could have a “positive effect on her among the British public.” READ MORE: Prince Charles opens up about ‘isolation and sacrifice’ He told Express.co.uk: “It might dent her reputation, depending on what he says. “If there are things in there that people don’t like about how she’s behaved or interacted with the family, I don’t know if that’s the case. “But I think it might also have the opposite effect in that Harry and Meghan are increasingly unpopular in the UK because of their activities and statements”. Mr Sacerdoti added: “I think Harry revealing negative thoughts and opinions about Camilla may well actually help the British public accept her and like her because their public approval is dropping as time goes on, and hers is increasing. “So, for them to discredit her in some way may have a negative effect on their intentions and a positive effect on her among the British public.” DON'T MISS Camilla in tears on emotional visit to Ukrainian Cathedral [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry have ‘incinerated' bridges in UK – poll results [REVEAL] Sophie Wessex stuns in stylish maxi skirt for touching engagement [PICTURES] In February, the Queen, 95, made an unexpected announcement about Camilla's destiny once Prince Charles becomes king. The monarch used her Platinum Jubilee message to express her "sincere wish" that the Duchess of Cornwall takes on the title of Queen Consort when Charles is ruler. Britons enthusiastically back ‘Queen Camilla’ – by a margin of two to one, a poll found in the aftermath of the Queen’s announcement. A survey conducted on February 7 by the Daily Mail found 55 per cent of Britons back the move, almost double the 28 per cent opposed. The Queen’s announcement acted as a stark contradiction to a long-held pledge that she would take on the title Princess Consort out of respect for the memory of Princess Diana. It was originally announced that would take this title following her and Charles’ wedding in 2005. Responding to his mother’s statement granting the honour on Camilla, Prince Charles said: “We are deeply conscious of the honour represented by my mother’s wish. “As we have sought together to serve and support Her Majesty and the people of our communities, my darling wife has been my own steadfast support throughout. “The year of this unprecedented Platinum Jubilee brings an opportunity for us all to come together in celebrating the service of The Queen, by whose example we will continue to be led in the years to come.”