Thousands of fines are handed out by the Driver and Vehicle Licencing Agency (DVLA) every week for non-payment of tax, or Vehicle Excise Duty (VED) with the cameras now able to instantly read number plates to check the status of a car. That can result in clamping at which point a fine is issued. However if that fine is then not paid, the car can be removed and taken to a car pound. Berkshire Live went inside a facility after the DVLA singled out the area as a hotspot for tax evasion. Over 14,000 car owners were issued fines in the town for offences, some of which led to vehicles being clamped. If drivers don’t pay the release fee to get the car freed then the car is impounded. READ MORE: How motorists can save on fuel costs by driving with a bowl of water At that point another fee is payable to have the car released from the pound. Failure to do that means the car will eventually be taken to auction, or in some cases the scrapheap. Paul Davies, the DVLA's national wheel clamping and ANPR manager, explained that those working at the pound don't just work with cars but people too. There can be a whole "range of emotions" felt by those who come in, with some feeling upset and others quite angry. DON'T MISSGrants extended as drivers could save £16,000 on an electric vehicle [INSIGHT]Driver uses 'concrete blocks inside trollies' to reserve parking space [SHOCKING]DVLA urges drivers to tax their classic cars even if they are exempt [URGENT] He said: "We get a range of emotions, some people are upset as they may have genuinely just forgotten, even though we've sent reminders, but we understand that people have busy lives. “Then you've got the risk-takers, the chancers who think they can get away with it or you get the hardened evader, and obviously when they get caught you get the more aggressive people coming into the pounds then." He also said that there was “no real excuse” for people not paying car tax due to the ease of the Government website to use. DVLA Chief Executive Julie Lennard agreed, adding: “This campaign has a clear message for anyone that delays or avoids taxing their vehicle. It really has never been easier to tax a vehicle, from using our 24/7 online service to direct debit options.” She continued: "We want motorists to understand that it's not worth taking a risk and always tax their vehicles on time. Motorists can go online, 24 hours a day, to tax a vehicle or check whether their vehicle tax is up to date." Inside the pound in Reading were all manner of different cars, many of which were of relatively high value. The photos show several Audis, BMWs and even a Range Rover. The DVLA enforces vehicle tax offences in different ways. If someone is the keeper of an untaxed car, they can be sent an £80 fine which is reduced if paid within 14 days. If they drive that car on the road untaxed, they can face a fine of £30 plus one and a half times the tax not paid. If that fine isn’t paid, another fine of £1,000 or five times the payable tax is then levied.