Escape to the Chateau is a Channel 4 series that follows the life of Dick Strawbridge and his wife Angel Adoree as they try to renovate their family home, Château de la Motte-Husson in France. Over the past seven years, the couple, along with their two children Arthur and Dorothy, have managed to create their dream family home. Although, the couple are always taking on new projects and Angel always has something new planned for the Chateau. Despite their 19-year age gap, when Dick first met Angel, it was love at first sight. The pair met through mutual friends at a party and they hit it off straight away. Discussing their first encounter, Angel said she fell in love with how Dick makes the most of life. "Dick sucks the marrow out of the bones of life," the interior designer began. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role She continued: "Every single bit of life he wants to experience and wants to try to do. "When I met him I fell in love with that and just with his experience of life and trying new foods and I was just mesmerised talking to Dick the first time. "The first day we met we were just together after that. He's just lovely, his passion for life is extraordinary." Recalling his experience of their first encounter, Dick admitted he was one of the luckiest people. He added in a podcast with Chris Hardwick: "We knew we were going to be at the same party because we were introduced by a mutual friend. "I spent all my time looking at her right between the eyes because she had a huge bosom and red lipstick and a man over 50 should not dribble. "So, that's why I looked her between the eyes throughout our first conversation." Pointing out their age gap, Angel chipped in: "The thing was, Dick was 50 and I was in my early 30s and it was quite easy, wasn't it to... there was 20 years difference and it was quite easy to say, 'find yourself someone younger', which he did do." DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT]Emmerdale family torn apart after Amelia discovers she's pregnant? [SPOILERS] "And then you just thought, 'no, I'm just going to go for it'," Angel recalled. Dick and Angel have been together for 11 years, and share two children together. The couple went on to welcome their son Arthur in 2013, and two years later, Angel was pregnant again with Dorothy and had relocated to France where they began to renovate their incredible new home. Arthur and Dorothy both feature in their Channel 4 series, but while their parents have work commitments, they are at school. Angel said since the move, both of their children have picked up the language and can speak French fluently. In a recent interview with Nihal Arthanayake on BBC Radio 5, Dick admitted he would be upset if his kids decided to move back to London. He said: “I’ll be blunt and I’ll say I think we’d be disappointed if when they grow up the first thing they want to do was go and move back to London. “That would be sort of a surprise, but I expect them to do it for a bit but not to sort of uproot.” Escape to the Chateau series 1-8 is available to watch on All4.