Golda Rosheuvel, 52, plays Queen Charlotte in Netflix's hit Bridgerton, and is due to reprise her role in the upcoming series. In a new interview, Golda has revealed her opinion on our Royal Family after getting immersed into fictional royal life in the period drama. Golda debuted her acting career in a performance of musical production Hair on the West End, as well as appearances on Holby City, Luther and Silent Witness. In 2018, the actress auditioned for the role of Lady Danbury in Bridgerton, which then went to Adjoa Andoh. But shortly after, she was then asked to do an audition tape for Queen Charlotte, something which she says was "the easiest tape I've ever done" and sent it off within half an hour. In an interview with Tatler magazine, Golda was asked if playing a royal has made her feel any connection to England's royal family. READ MORE: Paul McCartney’s daughter claims there are ‘different sides’ to him She said: "I like to see the royals as human beings, trying to live a life, and I think we often miss that. "They’re set at a height of perceived unattainability, but to me they’re just guys and gals trying to live their lives in the best way they can." (sic) This comes after the royal hysteria of the last couple of years, with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry deciding to step back as senior members of the royal family in 2020. A statement released by the Palace confirmed that the Duke and Duchess were to cease to undertake royal duties as representatives of the Queen, and would therefore no longer receive the relevant financial support. The pair then received both praise and backlash after they were interviewed by Oprah Winfrey last year. Meghan spoke about her personal and royal life and facing public pressure. She discussed contemplating suicide during her time as a working royal and talked about a perceived lack of protection for her and her son Archie while being part of the royal institution. Golda herself grew up in a high society environment similar to that of which her character Queen Charlotte did, in Guyana, South America. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Ralf Little on issue close to his heart [CHARITY] Amanda Holden suffers blunder as she flashes legs in skintight dress [COMMENT] Sean Penn shares heartbreak as he walks to Polish border amid invasion [INSIGHT] Her family then relocated to England when she was five. When her mother, Judith, visited Golda's great-uncle, who was Bishop of Barbados and later Archbishop of Jamaica, she had dinner with Princess Margaret. Recalling this experience and how it helped prepare her for her role, she said: "I didn’t need to do much research because I knew the world this character came from already – it was my mother’s world and that makes her very easy to play. "Every time I dress up as Queen Charlotte, I pay homage to my mother. "[She came from an] upper-middle-class London family. "Before the war they had butlers; their world was very public school." Her grandfather was the headmaster of St Paul's prep school, and her great-uncle was Archbishop of Jamaica, leaving the actress to have first-hand experience of being part of a prestigious family. The April issue of Tatler is available on newsstands and via digital download on Thursday 3rd March