Olena Gnes has documented her young family's life sheltering from the Russia-Ukraine war in Kyiv. The mum-of-three spoke to Richard Madeley and Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain but ITV viewers took to social media to complain about the former's choice of questions. The mum urged Boris Johnson to impose a no-fly zone. She explained: "Politicians in the West remind me of an appeaser feeding a crocodile, hoping that the crocodile will eat him last." Richard interjected: "What they're worried about Olena is the possibility, which didn't exist when we were facing Hitler, is the possibility of this thing going nuclear. "If NATO countries do take on Russia, do impose a no-fly zone that could escalate things to an unthinkable degree, that's what they're worried about." Read more: Susanna Reid bids farewell amid BBC Breakfast colleague's exit "Please tell me was Ukraine escalating anything here to any certain degree?" Olena asked. "Was Ukraine doing anything special to make Putin angry or he just decided? "I don't think you guys need to do anything special to irritate him or escalate. "You have access to information on what he shows on Russian TV, NATO is already the enemy, Washington is already the enemy, you are already the enemy."  "Putin will put all the blame on this economical situation on the Western sanctions," she continued. "They already blame you that you give us a lot of arms. You're already involved and I know on your channel there are war experts who said before it all started it's not really about Ukraine it's a dialect between Washington and Moscow. "Why are you pretending that it's not about you, that it's about Ukraine?" Richard interrupted: "We do hear you. We do hear you loud and clear we really do." DON'T MISSKate Garraway pays touching tribute to dad, 87 for his help [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway slammed over ’stupid’ remark to Ukrainian school boy  [VIDEO]Transport campaigner issues stark warning over skyrocketing fuel price [INTERVIEW] gmb GMB viewers hit out at Richard as @FlopsyPickle tweeted: "Oh joy, Richard Madeley is getting to play military expert and get excited about nuclear weapons again. "How many times will he ask women if they are going to use their guns this week? #GMB #goodmorningbritain." "@GMB why on earth are you persisting with the embarrassing Richard Madeley as a presenter given his appalling embarrassing and stupid questioning because he knows nothing and cringing listening to him interview ukranian family underground have you no shame it was disgusting!!" @Gargrave65 exclaimed. (sic) @wayneharriman wrote: "@GMB Why would Richard Madeley feel the need to mention that 2 people have been killed in an explosion close to apartment where they’re interviewing a mother and her children in a basement. Producers, please have a word, incredibly insensitive." (sic) @chipiedavea suggested: "Perhaps it's not a good idea for Richard Madeley to start talking about the war going nuclear to that poor woman hiding in her basement with her three children in Kiev? #GMB." (sic) @Elle_K100 remarked: "@GMB Why are we subjected to Richard Madeley again. As if things aren't bad enough. Switching off!!!" "@GMB still got Richard madeley omfg what's wrong with you get that dinosaur off never watched when he started and never will pathetic," @tonyach1972 wrote. (sic) Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.