Manchester United could be doing Paris Saint-Germain a huge favour financially if they decide Mauricio Pochettino is their ideal next manager. Pochettino is one of four candidates set to be interviewed by United as they search for a permanent successor to interim boss Ralf Rangnick. Erik ten Hag was the first to be interviewed earlier this week. The Ajax boss spoke to United chiefs on Monday with regards to the Old Trafford vacancy. However, United insist there is no favourite for the job as of yet. Pochettino is a long-term target for the Red Devils, dating back to his time in charge of Tottenham. But the Argentine's future at PSG is in doubt following their Champions League exit to Real Madrid earlier this month. Pochettino's contract at the Parc des Princes expires in 2023. READ MORE: Man Utd hold concerning 'reservations' over three things after Erik ten Hag interview  The Telegraph reports that PSG would have to pay Pochettino and his staff up to £20million in compensation if they were to sack him. However, United could help PSG avoid the pay off by bringing the 50-year-old back to the Premier League. Pochettino and Ten Hag are claimed to be the two leading candidates among the decision makers at United. Sevilla boss Julen Lopetegui and Spain manager Luis Enrique make up the quartet who are set to be interviewed. Enrique is determined to lead Spain at the World Cup in Qatar later this year though, which complicates his potential arrival. Pochettino is the only one of the four who has experience of managing in England. DON'T MISS: Emmanuel Petit sends William Saliba warning to Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta - 'Not enough'  He spent six years across spells at Southampton and Spurs between 2013 and 2019. He failed to win a trophy during his time at Tottenham but led them to their first Champions League final the same year he was sacked. United legend Gary Neville posted a poll on his Twitter account on Wednesday morning, asking United supporters who they would prefer between Pochettino and Ten Hag. After almost 220,000 votes, Ten Hag came out on top with 82 per cent choosing the 52-year-old. However, Neville would rather see Pochettino get the job. He tweeted: "Personally I would go for Pochettino but Ten Hag is the massive favourite of United fans to take the club forward. That’s if it is a clear choice between the 2." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 