F1 sensation Max Verstappen has signed a bumper contract with Red Bull, which looks set to keep him there until at least 2028. After the news was confirmed, the Dutchman took the opportunity to reinforce his goals, with toppling Mercedes and the rest of his competitors front and centre. Mercedes and Red Bull were embroiled in a timeless battle last season, which spanned both the Drivers' and Constructors' Championships. A dramatic and controversial Abu Dhabi finale saw the Silver Arrows continue their unprecedented streak of dominance, collecting their eighth consecutive team title. But Red Bull and Verstappen had the last laugh on the individual front, capitalising on a contentious call by ousted race director Michael Masi, which handed him the opportunity to pass Lewis Hamilton on the final lap and clinch the top prize. Having collected a stunning title in the process, an emotional Verstappen reinforced his desire to stay with Red Bull for many years just after taking the chequered flag. READ MORE: McLaren boss slams 'brutal' Red Bull as Max Verstappen anomaly pointed out After signing a whopping £40million-a-year deal on Thursday, he relayed a similar message, with the added aim of keeping the coveted number one on his car at his rivals' expense. "I really enjoy being part of Red Bull Racing, so choosing to stay to the 2028 season was an easy decision," he said. "I love this team and last year was simply incredible. Our goal since we came together in 2016 was to win the championship and we have done that, so now it’s about keeping the number one on the car long-term." Verstappen and Red Bull team boss Christian Horner formed a formidable and feisty partnership last year, who pushed Mercedes harder than they'd been pushed by anyone in recent memory.  It looks like that loyalty and solidarity is set to keep the band together for a while longer, despite the fact that Verstappen would have no shortage of offers from the sport's most glamorous and successful teams. Daniel Ricciardo and Fernando Alonso both suggested that the 24-year-old is the sport's most talented driver during interviews in the midst of last year's title run-in. Hamilton may have something to say about that though, with seven titles already under his belt and a clear hunger for more. The Brit registered the fastest lap time in testing at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya last week and fired some warning shots of his own last month.  "I feel great, I feel fit," he claimed. "Naturally, when you have an extra year of experience under your belt, that always helps. And I always feel that through these sort of experiences, you can turn that emotion into strength and into power. "That’s what I’m doing. I’m putting that into my training. I’m putting that into the work that I have with the men and women here in this team. "And if you think what you saw at the end of last year was my best, wait until you see this year." 