The short-tempered celebrity chef is back on screens this week for his new Apprentice-style competition series, Future Food Stars. 12 contestants will fight for a chance of winning a £150,000 investment from Gordon Ramsay himself in the new BBC One series, but the restaurateur was concerned the show was over before it started when he kicked off the first challenge. Gordon was worried one of his potential business partners could have been injured on the very first day of Future Food Stars. His latest show puts 12 food and drink entrepreneurs to the test with a gruelling series of culinary challenges. However, before the competition could get started, Gordon wanted to make sure he could put his trust in all of them before he considered investing his own cash into their business. After arriving on the coast of Cornwall, the 12 contestants were made to jump from a sheer cliff face into the icy cold waters below. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Marcus Dean to claim his first victim in the Dales Most of the contenders had no problem with the task, including jam expert Asher, cocktail whiz Jen and smoked salmon master Vincenzo. Unfortunately, Gordon was concerned seltzer specialist Bola might have fumbled her jump in the few seconds it took to reach the water. “I thought I’d lost Bola on that jump!” he exclaimed. “Because it’s the first time I thought, 'S**t, this is gonna be like, Future Food Stars A&E'.” Gordon spoke to Angellica Bell ahead of the series’ launch this Thursday and opened up about the Future Food Stars’ daring first challenge. Although the cast was warned to jump as far as possible, Bola flew precariously close to the cliff face when she hopped down from the rocks. The celebrity chef recalled: “I said, ‘Look out, jump out’. She says ‘yes!’ Then she looks down, and jumps down. “And I swear to God, the distance between her and hitting a rock was the distance between a pair of gnat’s b******s.” Thankfully, Bola was unscathed, but Gordon had a moment of terror when he thought the show’s opening stunt could have gone wrong. DON'T MISS:The Gilded Age star shares fears for George Russell [INTERVIEW]NCIS LA season 13 theory: Hanna betrayal in undercover op? [THEORY]Bridgerton's Lady Featherington star details wardrobe mishap [INSIGHT] He added: “I turned around to the producers (and said), ‘S**t. We’ve just lost a contender! Ramsay smashes lady’s head on a rock’.” All 12 contestants managed to emerge from the Newquay waters unharmed, though they may not fare as well when they come up against Gordon’s notoriously tough judging. Revealing more about his reasoning behind the leap of faith, he explained: “What I tried to do with these businesses was stress-test them. “Put them through the pressure test that every business needs. Then understand where their weaknesses were, highlight their weaknesses and try and create something more tangible than they thought they brought to the competition.” “That leap of faith… I’m going to invest a lot of money in one of you. And I need to see that you’re committed. That fear factor is quite a nice position to be in. “I wanted to see what their confidence levels were like being in a situation [where they’re] uncomfortable.” Gordon even made the leap himself when contestant Valentina needed help overcoming her fear of heights, so it’s clear the chef is all-in when it comes to investing in these new stars of the culinary world. Future Food Stars begins Thursday, March 31 on BBC One.