Media personality Jeremy Clarkson began another day on Diddly Squat Farm only to realise something was horribly wrong after waking up drenched in sweat and with agonising pain crippling his throat. The 61-year-old Top Gear presenter was instantly convinced it was Covid - or, he joked, even "tuberculosis".   However the Clarkson's Farm star soon had his fears alleviated after taking multiple Covid tests. By the time of his second lateral flow session, he recalled: "I rammed the probe so far down my throat, I felt like Linda Lovelace. "And so far up my nose, I actually collected a few ounces of brain matter." However to his surprise - and relief - both revealed a negative result. READ NOW: Demi Rose sparks a social media frenzy in barely-there bikini Yet, still convinced his symptoms could only be Covid, he then opted for a pricier and more thorough PCR test. By this stage, he revealed in The Sun, he was "coughing up what looked like lumps of coal". "I HAD to have Covid - it was so obvious," he mused. "I therefore did two more PCR tests and both were resolute: I didn't." He added: "This worried me because if it wasn't Covid, what was it?" The sports car enthusiast had been left totally exhausted, so he took to a medical book to find answers. "I blew away the dust and leafed through the pages, trying to work out what I had," he recounted. "And it seems I have an ancient affliction which hasn't been heard of in the UK for years. DON'T MISS... Naga Munchetty horrified as Nazanin is branded 'ungrateful c**' Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission Piers Morgan mocks 'Princess Pinocchio' Meghan Markle's first podcast "It's called a cold." Jeremy had already contracted a bad case of Covid previously, leaving him to fear he might "die alone in a plastic tent". He elaborated in the Sunday Times of the horror virus: "Because I am 60 and fat, and because I've smoked half a million cigarettes and had double pneumonia, I [thought I would] probably die." Jeremy quit smoking in 2017, ending a 43-year long habit. He had originally played down the widespread concerns about the dangers of the virus, but when he caught it himself over the Christmas period of 2020, the magnitude of Covid quickly hit him. His father had died at exactly the age Jeremy is currently, a thought that prompted him to face up to his own mortality. During the Covid battle, which followed a bad case of pneumonia while holidaying in Majorca, he had been admitted to hospital for a week. The Grand Tour presenter, who has previously suffered bowel and tongue cancer scares, is no doubt relieved his latest symptoms seem to be nothing more than the common cold.