The moth orchid, also known as the Phalaenopsis, is a relatively easy plant to care for, providing they are cared for correctly. Watering is one of the biggest reasons why houseplants suffer, with many people opting to water orchids with ice cubes. Many people use ice cubes to water their orchid, thinking that it can be used to prevent overwatering. Natalie Devereux, product specialist at Serenata Flowers, told Express.co.uk: “Watering orchids with ice cubes is a controversial topic amongst growers. “People for this method believe it simplifies the watering routine, making it easier for beginners and prevents overwatering. “But plants, much like humans, have different watering needs depending on external factors.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch cleaning fans on how to get rid of window condensation If one room is warmer than others in the home, the plant may need watering more often. This is similar to watering it in different seasons because a houseplant needs more moisture in the warmer months. The expert added: “We always recommend using your senses and instinct rather than a method or routine. “We also suggest that you use room temperature water when watering most plants as water too cold can shock the roots, so this too is a risk with using ice cubes.” DON'T MISS:House prices: ‘Most underrated way’ of adding value to a property [COMMENT]‘Easy’ ways to tackle weeds in the garden and driveway - job to do now [INSIGHT]Lawn will be in need of a ‘serious haircut’ now [EXPERT] The ice cube method can also kill orchid tissue on the leaf and hinder growth over time. How much water does an orchid need? According to Jo Lambell, founder of Beards & Daisies, weekly watering is recommended, taking care not to overwater the plant. Owners of an orchid should also not under water the houseplant, as this can lead to limp flowers. To help an orchid thrive, placing it in rooms like the bathroom and kitchen is ideal because they like humidity. Heading into the warmer months, the houseplant may need to be repotted. Natalie explained: “Moth orchids can be repotted at any time of the year, but you only need to do it when they are about to outgrow their current pot. “Soak the compost thoroughly to remove from the pot easily, without breaking up the ball of the roots. “Find a pot larger than the original and use orchid compost. “Most of the aerial roots should fit inside the pot, but any that are too long can be cut down.” Another popular houseplant that loves the humidity is the Peace Lily, also known as the mother-in-law’s tongue. Despite being a tropical plant, they grow well in moderate to low lighting conditions but like a humid environment. To help this, owners of a Peace Lily can mist its leaves every day to help boost humidity. This can be done in the morning to help the leaves dry out throughout the day.