Jodie, 39, has starred as the 13th Doctor Who since 2018, and it was confirmed last year that the next series, set to air later in 2022, will be her final episodes. Could Danny Dyer, 44, be the next Time Lord when he makes an exit from EastEnders as beloved landlord Mick Carter this year? It seems he is currently one bookie's favourite, overtaking some prominent potentials hoped to be the next BBC icon. Danny is now the 6/4 favourite to be named as the next Doctor according to bookmaker Coral. "Danny Dyer is leaving Eastenders to look for new challenges and many punters believe one of his first new roles will come in Doctor Who as the Time Lord," Coral's John Hill confirmed. "Dyer has been well backed in our betting and he is the clear favourite now ahead of Lydia West and Olly Alexander." Olly Alexander has been a popular choice for speculated replacements for a while, but he now comes behind Danny as 4/1. READ MORE: Russia entering ’dangerous phase' as Putin ‘prepared to bomb anything' Also speculated to be stepping into the tardis is Lydia West as 3/1, Omari Douglas at 5/1 and Fisayo Akinade at 6/1. David Tennant, who played the 10th Doctor, was a recent favourite too. Last month, he was leading the race with an impressive 11/10 odds according to the betting and gambling company Ladbrokes. Commenting on the latest name to be added to the mix, Doctor Who fans have taken to social media. The responses were mixed, with some believing Danny could bring a new dimension to the classic character, while others hoping the rumours are untrue. Twitter user Lee Broughten remarked "Right now I can actually picture Danny Dyer being a bold and interesting choice. Hope it happens." Aaron Emms penned: "Rumours of David Tennant and Danny Dyer being cast as the 14th Doctor better not be true. We all know Matt Berry is the best choice #DoctorWho." "Danny Dyer, the new Doctor? That would bring a new spin to it #DoctorWho," Ceri posted. DON'T MISS... Sharon Osbourne joins Piers Morgan on Talk TV [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Bernie Taylor returns with an ultimatum for Stuart? [SPOILER]Antiques Roadshow shuts down expert over Roman knife handle [VIDEO] Sara Hutchinson argued: "Danny Dyer being announced as Jodie Whittaker's replacement in #DoctorWho would 1000% make me stop watching.... so good thing it's an unfounded rumour..." "Danny Dyer as the next #DoctorWho? I f***ing hope not. Not where they should be going IMO,"@graysfan chimed. @JamesTheWatcher posted: "It's highly unlikely to be true, but in all honesty, Danny Dyer would get my vote from those put forward so far in the media. "I'm not a fan of the Whittaker/Chibnall era we've been put through so my outlook is 'It can't get much worse now' He's not the worst actor on TV #DoctorWho." It was confirmed by the BBC in January that Danny would be leaving his role in EastEnders. He first joined the soap in 2013 and quickly became a firm favourite with fans as the lovable family man, Mick. His character has been at the centre of some explosive storylines, most recently being the current plot where Gray Atkins (played by Tony-Alexander Smith) was exposed as a serial killer. In heartbreaking scenes, Mick learned his beloved aunt, Tina Carter (Luisa Bradshaw-White), was killed by the evil lawyer. Could he be swapping Walford for the iconic time machine? Doctor Who is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.