Ian Umney from Merseyside travelled to Ukraine after the war with Russia erupted to rescue his wife and son. He told BBC Breakfast that he was not only moving to Ukraine to protect his family but also to do what he could do to help defend his city and the country from Vladimir Putin's assault. Mr Umney told BBC Breakfast: "I will do everything I can to protect my family and the city itself. "So I'm not here just to spend time with my family, but I'm here to ensure their safety and also the safety of the city and Ukraine itself. "So if I have to make Molotov cocktails, or if I have to do something else that I'm a hundred percent willing to." He also told GMB that his family and friends had tried to persuade him against travelling to the conflict zone.  Mr Umney said: "No one in my family and my friends said not to do it. "They said, Wait, let's see how it progresses. "But for me as a husband and a father, it was out of love and anger really that drove me to come here. "Love is not going to be separated by war."  It comes as UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace warned that an occupying Russian force would face the kind of insurgency faced by the Soviets in Afghanistan or the UK and Western allies in Iraq. "Invading a country with overwhelming force is one thing, occupying a people of 44 million who don't want you in - it is a very different thing." There could be "years of resistance" to Russian occupation, he said. The Defence Secretary again rejected calls for the UK and its allies to enforce a no-fly zone in the skies above Ukraine, because shooting down a Russian plane could trigger a Europe-wide conflict between Mr Putin and Nato. DON'T MISSCaptured Russian soldier breaks down in tears [INSIGHT]Nord Stream 2 Firm goes bankrupt after crushing Russia sanctions [ANALYSIS]'You have no idea what's coming' Biden in fierce warning to Putin [REPORT]  A no-fly zone would also have to apply to Ukrainian jets, meaning they could not target Russian forces from the air, he added. "If you had a no-fly zone in Ukraine, the overwhelming scale of the Russian army would be able to drive around with impunity, which it can't at the moment." But he said the UK had "led the way" in supplying surface-to-air weapons systems to Ukraine. "There are two ways to achieve a no-fly zone. One is the way that Britain has led the way in, which is arming the Ukrainians with anti-air capabilities, from the ground to the air, and the reason they are doing the bombing at night is because they can't - because of those weapon systems - the Russians cannot fly much in the day," he told Today.