While the exact sum of the settlement in principle with Ms Giuffre has not been disclosed, estimates place the figure between £10million and £12million. Since the settlement was made, a source told the Sun that the Duke had been paying secretive visits to the Queen, during which it is said he apologised to her over the scandal. Prince Andrew was reportedly driven the five miles from his home at the Royal Lodge to Windsor Castle to hold the meetings with his mother. The source claimed: “He knows he is meant to be keeping his head down and it’s a short trip, but he is extremely contrite and apologised to the Queen for all the trouble he has caused her. “He realises how serious this whole issue has been and the damage it has done to the monarchy.” Ms Giuffre was suing the Queen's second son in her home country of the US, claiming she was trafficked by his friend Jeffrey Epstein to have sex with the royal when she was 17. Although the parties have settled the case, the agreement is not an admission of guilt from the Duke and he has always strenuously denied the allegations against him. The source also claimed he has apologised to his daughters Beatrice, 33 and Eugenie, 31 - whose young children he fears may have to grow up hearing about the case. While Prince Andrew reportedly made the visits under cover of darkness to avoid the public eye, he has now been photographed leaving Windsor Castle after spending an hour visiting the Queen. The sighting marks the first time the Prince has been spotted since the settlement with Ms Giuffre. This comes just as the Sun claims that Prince Charles has helped to foot the bill for the settlement. The Telegraph has reported that the Queen will also be contributing. No public money is being used in the settlement, the reports state, and the Duke will pay back the Prince of Wales once he has sold his Swiss ski chalet. READ MORE: Meghan's 4-word reply to Charles after offer to walk her down aisle [INSIGHT] A source told the Sun: “There were family discussions about how to ‘take a little from here and a little from there’. “Once it (money from the chalet) hits his bank account, he can pay back his brother and whoever else has lent him money.” The source added that Prince Andrew has 10 days to pay the money to Ms Giuffre. A friend of Andrew added: “He has no income or money to repay a bank loan so the family is the only way to guarantee the payment.” While Royal author Penny Junor said the Duke's settlement is likely to come as a "huge relief" for the Royal family during the Queen’s 70th jubilee year, the headache may not be over yet for Her Majesty, as Ms Giuffre has been invited to speak at the sentencing of sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell. DON'T MISS: Fire covers UK mountainside as habitat goes up in blaze [INSIGHT]UK facing ‘economic collapse’ after imposing crippling Russian sanction [ANALYSIS]‘Brexit Britain by FAR Putin’s most powerful adversary’ expert claims [REVEAL] While he has been photographed with Ms Maxwell, Prince Andrew has denied an alleged close friendship with her. Ms Maxwell, 60, faces 65 years in jail for trafficking underage girls to billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The hearing in New York on June 28 may be the first time Mx Giuffre speaks publicly since reaching a settlement with the Duke. At the end of a 2019 case against Epstein, before he was found dead in jail, Ms Giuffre demanded that “the reckoning must not end” and others must face justice.