Jamie Redknapp, 48, has taken to Instagram to share a portrait of the late dog, Blu, he shared with his ex-wife Louise Redknapp, 47. The former couple's Shar Pei died at the beginning of the last month, with both taking to social media to pay tribute to their late pet. Jamie shared the stunning portrait in view of his 1.4 million followers. He captioned the post: "Thanks so much for the picture of our lovely Blu. "Miss you x. @libertypawtraits_xo." This comes after Jamie took to Instagram on February 9 last month to share his heartbreak. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty missing from show as BBC Breakfast host replaced In the first snap he shared of his stories at the time, Blu could be seen on a walk while the former football player captured the picture. Jamie wrote: "Goodbye beautiful girl we will miss you so much. "Blu," he added next to a heart emoji. The next snap was an up close picture of Blu's face while she enjoyed the sunny weather outside. Louise shared the news the night before, revealing she had been left "absolutely heartbroken" while announcing the death of her dog. Sharing the sad update with her 733,000 Twitter followers, the Eternal singer shared how she has "said goodbye" to her beloved dog. She wrote: "I am absolutely heartbroken that we had to say goodbye to our little girl Blu early this morning. "I am going to miss you so much my darling girl your escaping through the fence, chasing the squirrels out of the garden, our long walks in the woods watching you run carefree, going upstairs when we say ‘bed time’ and getting on mummy’s bed instead of in your own and most of all your kisses and cuddles every day. DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood: BBC Breakfast star issues warning to viewers on change [BBC] A Place in the Sun's Laura Hamilton pole dances in Spain after breakup [INSTAGRAM] Karren Brady details relationship with her Apprentice co-stars [APPRENTICE] "I wanted to share this with you because I know so many of you follow their insta page and loved seeing what Blu and Rudi were up to and loved them as much as we did." (sic) Louise went on to say how she and her sons will miss the dog "so much". She added: "We’ll miss you so much, sleep tight our gorgeous Bluebells. "Love you forever Mummy, Chaz and Beau Beau’s Xxx." (sic) Jamie would have heard the devastating news while on his honeymoon with new wife Frida, 38, and their son, Raphael, who was born in November. The sportsman has been documenting his "special" trip to the Maldives with his followers in a series of candid snaps. Jamie and Frida married in October last year at Chelsea's Registry Office. They welcomed their son Raphael on November 24 last year, just one month later.