Chelsea’s uncertain future could become a little clearer on Friday as the deadline for bids to assume ownership of the Premier League club strikes at 9PM. Roman Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale nearly three weeks ago, but the sale of the club is now under the control of the government following sanctions imposed on the Russian.   Here is everything Express Sport knows as we approach the deadline.   Seven frontrunners tipped to make bids   Despite reports suggesting there could be as many as 200 bids, there are understood to be seven frontrunners ahead of 9PM. Parties have been making their interest clear since Abramovich first put the club up for sale and offers must be made to the Raine Group. The first man to announce his intention to buy Chelsea was the 86-year-old Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss. He has since teamed up with Todd Boehly, an American who part-owns baseball’s LA Dodgers, and Jonathan Goldstein, a British businessman who is the CEO of Cain International and a Tottenham fan. They submitted an offer between £2bn and £2.5bn some days ago and have been confident of winning the race to buy Chelsea but the picture has been complicated by the emergence of new bidders. Former government advisor and newspaper columnist Daniel Finkelstein has since announced that he has joined the trio. Another of the more high-profile bidders is property developer and Chelsea fan Nick Candy. He has acknowledged the need to team up with other investors but has ruled out joining the Wyss-Boehly-Goldstein bid because he did “not want a lifelong Spurs fan as part of the future ownership of Chelsea”.   READ MORE: Gary Neville sends message to UK Government over Chelsea 'going bust' Meanwhile, the Ricketts family – who own the Chicago Cubs - have joined forces with the hedge fund tycoon Ken Griffin, who is valued by Forbes at £20.2bn. The Ricketts family first made an attempt to buy Chelsea in 2018 and have since stated their interest in revisiting a deal. Chelsea fan and former British Airways chair Martin Broughton is planning to front a bid and has support from ex-Conservative MP Sebastian Coe and financial muscle from Creative Artists Agency.   There is apparently separate interest from Woody Johnson, the former US ambassador to the UK and associate of Donald Trump. Johnson, a billionaire heir to the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical company, has owned the New York Jets since 2000. A controversial bid is reportedly set to be made by the Saudi Media Group. Its bid is being fronted by Mohamed Alkhereiji, another Chelsea fan, and sources have said in response to questions regarding a possible Premier League’s owners’ and directors’ test that Saudi Media has no direct links to the Saudi government. On Thursday evening, several reports suggested that a bid had been made by Aethel Partners. The London-based equity firm made an offer exceeding £2bn, ESPN claim.   DON'T MISS...Cristiano Ronaldo 'makes final decision on Man Utd future'Arsenal icon Ian Wright's message for Mikel Arteta's squadMan Utd 'may not win title for 20 years' as next manager told to axe 5 Gary Neville warns government on Chelsea’s future   Manchester United icon and Sky Sports pundit Gary Neville has warned the government it cannot allow Chelsea to go out of business. A Daily Mail report claimed Chelsea only have enough money to operate until March 28. Neville said on his Sky Sports podcast: "Chelsea have to be allowed to be sold. The Government has to ease their restrictions to allow the club to be sold and they have to ease their restrictions to allow the club to be operated so that they don't go bust. I'm absolutely fixed on that. "We can't lose Chelsea Football Club over this. I'm absolutely convinced that that's a given for everybody. I don't think anybody wants to see Chelsea go to the wall, we don't want that. So they have to somehow work out a way, bids by Friday is sort of the word on the street. "If we believe that to be true then there will have to be a period of time to allow that sale to go through. Legals on a deal of £2m, let alone £2bn, are going to take more than what we believe is the 10 days that Chelsea have got left to operate and to pay the players and other such things."    Premier League stance on Saudi Media bid   The Saudi Public Investment Fund’s purchase of Premier League rivals Newcastle last October caused plenty of backlash. PIF’s chair is Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the son of Saudi Arabia's king. Saudi Arabia’s human rights record has been strongly criticised. Just last week, the state announced the executions of 81 individuals for a range of offences. That, then, raised concern when the Saudi Media Group were linked with the purchase of Chelsea. However, it is understood that the media organisation has a far weaker link to the Saudi state than PIF. All 19 other Premier League clubs stressed concern about Newcastle’s takeover last year. But Goal have reported that they would therefore face less opposition if Saudi Media bought Chelsea.    Government make ‘golden share’ decision   One of six demands made of prospective buyers by the Chelsea Supporters’ Trust was a ‘golden share’ for fans. The deal would allow fans to protect ‘key club heritage’. The CST want a new owner to allow a democratically elected shadow board to be created to hold the club’s directors to account over key decisions. However, that was put in doubt on Thursday evening. According to Football.London, the government is unwilling to make a golden share a condition of any purchase.   