This week the Disney+ library is getting expanded with the highly anticipated launch of new Marvel show Moon Knight. The next MCU boxset will be launching on Wednesday, March 30 at 8am UK time, and is the first big Marvel release on Disney+ so far this year. Trailers released so far for Moon Knight have generated plenty of pre-release hype with the Oscar Isaac fronted show looking like nothing Marvel has ever released before. Moon Knight follows Steven Grant, a gift-shop employee in London that becomes plagued with blackouts and memories of another life. Like another Disney+ hit WandaVision, this original series looks like it will be a big departure from the popcorn entertainment of other MCU films like the Avengers - with a trippy, stylish trailer that dropped a few months ago creating plenty of pre-release hype. Moon Knight, which also stars 90s indie film darling Ethan Hawke, will run for six episodes with new episodes dropping on a weekly basis each Wednesday. Moon Knight is one of the biggest Disney+ releases of 2022 so far, and will be followed by other highly anticipated original shows such as Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi, Ms Marvel and The Mandalorian season 3.  If you're not already a Disney+ subscriber then you can sign up right now for either £7.99 a month or £79.90 if you pay upfront for a year. The latter offers a £15.98 saving on the price you'd pay if you pay for Disney+ on a monthly basis. Besides this saving, paying for Disney+ access a year upfront also means you will avoid any potential price rises that get announced during this period. And that's become an even more enticing prospect since Disney CEO Bob Chapek recently warned of price rises on the horizon.  Speaking to shareholders, the Disney bigwig said: "In all fairness, our own recognition that we needed to essentially double our production output. You put those two things together, and we certainly have less content than we want. But as we've said over the last few earnings calls, that will rectify itself in the second half of this year. We've already reached one of our two goals. One of the goals was to go ahead and ensure that we had a new title every week, and we've achieved that. "By 2023, we want to get to a steady-state, which is even higher than we have right now. And I think that will give us the impetus to increase that price/value relationship even higher and then have the flexibility if we were to so choose to then look at price increases on our service. But it's all about content, content, content." 