The popular Yellowstone prequel has officially come to an end on Paramount Plus, but viewers still have some burning questions about Sam Elliott’s enigmatic ageing cowboy, Shea Brennan. The 1883 star recently opened up about his time with co-star LaMonica Garrett on the set of the drama and admitted not everything the two of them say should be believed. Hollywood legend Sam revealed he doesn’t believe certain parts of his 1883 character Shea’s backstory quite add up. Showrunner Taylor Sheridan took the story of the Dutton family back by over 100 years for Paramount’s new prequel series. Former Union captain Shea meets James (Tim McGraw) and Margaret Dutton (Faith Hill) in Fort Worth and invites them to join his wagon train to Montana. As they encounter several obstacles during their long and perilous journey, the Duttons slowly find out more about their guide and his partner, Thomas (LaMonica Garrett). READ MORE: The Repair Shop cancelled: Jay Blades series replaced on BBC one They eventually learn Thomas was a crucial member of the Buffalo Soldier division, a term synonymous with African-American regiments during the Civil War. Sam’s character Shea was supposedly their captain, but the actor still isn’t convinced by this particular detail of his backstory. Shea and Thomas are shown to be lifelong friends and devoted colleagues during their time with the Pinkerton National Detective Agency. Thomas even talks his friend out of committing suicide every day, though sadly Shea fulfilled his wish by the end of the series. The actor went on to explain he and LaMonica brought the bond they developed with each other into their performances as Shea and Thomas. “We’ve brought something to that relationship within the show which makes it ultra-special to me. “They’re brothers in arms. LaMonica rode with the Buffalo Soldiers, a cavalry in the Civil War.” Yet Sam wasn’t convinced Taylor’s claim Shea also rode with Thomas was entirely historically accurate. DON'T MISS:Love Is Blind’s Deepti addresses dating rumours with co-star [COMMENT]Drive to Survive viewers outraged as Verstappen missing in season 4 [REACTION]Tales of the Walking Dead: Tyreese star teases reunion in AMC spin-off [EXCLUSIVE] He told the podcast: “Taylor says that Shea was with them at some point. Which, I doubt. “All the photographs I’ve ever seen of the Buffalo Soldiers, there weren’t any white guys with them.” 1883 is, after all, a fictional account of the Duttons’ lives in the late 19th century, so not every historical detail present in the series needs to be completely accurate. Even so, based on current records of the Buffalo Soldiers, Shea appears to have fabricated certain details of his military past. Speaking further to the Official Yellowstone Podcast, Sam opened up about the friendship he formed with his co-star on the set of the new series. He recalled: “I knew LaMonica’s work, but I never met LaMonica before. “We first crossed paths on a gun range, shooting live ammo, shooting blanks. “But, I think it’s safe to say that LaMonica and I really hit it off, like, immediately. And to this day we call each other brother, and we love each other.” Y 1883 is available to stream on Paramount Plus in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.