Nicholas Latifi has revealed he expects ‘some chats’ to take place during the first drivers’ brief of the Formula 1 season, with anger seemingly brewing with Lewis Hamilton and his fellow F1 stars.  This anger is no doubt aimed at what Latifi describes as ‘inconsistencies’ from race officials throughout the 2021 campaign. Hamilton in particular was left distraught by former race director Michael Masi’s decision making, with a contentious call on the final race of the season ultimately costing the Englishman a record eighth world title. Following a crash that actually involved Latifi, Masi controversially allowed a number of lapped cars between the leading Hamilton and title rival Max Verstappen pass a safety car. This then left Englishman and Verstappen almost side-by-side with one lap to go, and it was the latter who dramatically went on to take the title. JUST IN: Red Bull confirm new Max Verstappen contract as champ joins Lewis Hamilton on £40m a yea Following the chaos that broke out at last season’s finale in Abu Dhabi Masi has since been sacked, with the FIA bringing in both Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas to officiate races for 2022. As a result, Latifi hopes that the new appointment will lead to more consistent officiating from the FIA this term. Per GP Fans, he said: “Last year it was clear with some racing actions, amongst the drivers there was a feeling there were not the most consistent calls. “Sometimes a driver got away with forcing another driver off the track without a penalty, other times involved a penalty. DON'T MISSHelmut Marko admits Red Bull tried to influence FIA ‘massively’Daniil Kvyat hits out at FIFA, UEFA and IOC for bans against RussiansGeorge Russell makes FIA request to solve all-new Mercedes problem  “There has obviously been some changes now within the FIA and new race directors. “They are going to be putting in place some new measures, talking about this new virtual assistant race control. “So I think there is going to be a process to hopefully improve the consistency and in terms of what is and isn’t allowed.” Despite the changes though, Latifi believes himself and his fellow drivers still go into the new season with questions still unanswered.   Therefore, he expects the first drivers’ brief of 2022 to be a detailed one ahead of the opener in Bahrain. He continued: “I am sure in one of the first drivers’ meetings there will be some chats amongst us all to try and get some clarification on that so we know from race one what is allowed and what is not.” Latifi and his fellow drivers will be back in action for the first team this season in just over two weeks’ time, with the Bahrain Grand Prix kicking the season off on the 20th of March. 