US chatshow host Whoopi Goldberg has hit out at the Royal Family over Britain's historic ties to the empire and the slave trade. Ms Goldberg told fellow hosts on The View that Britain had "ran ram shod over India for years." It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and Kate faced protestors demanding slavery reparations in Jamaica. Ms Goldberg told the View: "Britain ran ram shod over India for years. "Let us not forget when we talk about what needs to happen, all the folks that need to apologise." She added: "Listen, this is not new.  I suspect Charles when he was in Barbados had some idea because he went on and apologised, yes, he was releasing the hold that Britain has. "So perhaps someone is listening, and it's the new group of folks I don't know if it's Charles but one of them." It comes as The Duke of Cambridge denounced slavery as "abhorrent", saying "it should never have happened" as he addressed the issue following days of protests calling for reparations from the royal family. Prince William expressed his "profound sorrow" at the forced transportation of millions of people from Africa to the Caribbean and North America - a trade which British monarchs either supported or profited from during the 17th and 18th centuries. Speaking during his visit to Jamaica with Kate, he echoed the words of his father the Prince of Wales and described the slave trade as an "appalling atrocity" that "stains our history" and he went on to acknowledge Jamaica's "pain". The Cambridges' tour of Belize, Jamaica and the forthcoming final leg in the Bahamas has prompted demonstrations and statements calling for an apology from the royal family. The future king did not say sorry, just as his father Charles had not during his trip to witness Barbados become a republic. In Belize, Prince William quoted from the Queen's 1994 address to the country's parliament which highlighted how individuals needed to work together to safeguard freedoms. He told the guests: "She said 'I am proud to associate myself with your determination that social justice and personal freedom should flourish under the rule of law. "It is always dangerous, however, to be complacent and to assume that democratic values will look after themselves. DON'T MISS Kate and William learn how to kill a monkey in Belize [INSIGHT] Kate uses 'flirtatious preening gesture' on William - body language [ANALYSIS] Queen's dedication to Firm could end up harming Monarchy, expert says [REVEAL] "Vigilance in protecting them is needed'." He added: "Her Majesty went on to say that 'Most of all, democracy is safe-guarded by teamwork - the individual wills of all citizens, each pulling together towards the same objective'. "Sadly, elsewhere in the world, that vigilance is being tested today in Ukraine. "Belize has joined many others in condemning the invasion and standing up for the principles of international law, peace and security. Today we think of those struggling in Ukraine and we stand with them in solidarity."