Helen George has played Nurse Trixie in Call the Midwife since the BBC show began in 2012. The programme follows the midwives at Nonnatus House, a nursing convent as they carry out many nursing duties across the community. However, the Sisters have faced some huge challenges along the way. Helen filmed the latest series of the BBC medical drama while she was pregnant with her second child. The actress admitted she cleverly used props and camera angles to try and disguise her pregnancy. Helen and her co-star Jack Ashton, who played her on-screen love interest Tom Hereward, welcomed their daughter Lark in 2021. The couple, who have been together since 2016, also share first child, Wren Ivy, who was born in September 2017. READ MORE: ‘I really suffered' The Gilded Age star Louisa Jacobson on Marian role However, speaking in a new interview, the mum-of-two has opened up about a new project she is taking part in away from Call the Midwife. Helen has joined the line-up of Comic Relief's Comic Opera alongside Tamzin Outhwaite, Nina Wadia, comedian Rosie Jones and former Gogglebox star Scarlett Moffatt. The event will see the five female stars take on a medley of three Arias from the opera Carmen, in aid of Comic Relief. Speaking about her new challenge, Helen began: "I'm so excited to be included in this year's Comic Opera with such a brilliant bunch of women." The actress continued: "I'm sure my warbling will mainly be more 'Comic' than 'Opera', but looking forward to giving it a go." Fellow actress Tamzin added: “I am so thrilled to be part of this incredible line-up for Comic Opera. "I am used to acting on stage, not singing, so I am really looking forward to trying something new - and who knows, maybe I can put Opera Singer on the CV. "Jokes aside, Comic Relief is such an amazing charity and I just hope I can do the chosen song justice, and If I can’t, at least I’ve helped raise those all-important funds for those who are most in need.” DON'T MISS...Holding viewers 'switch off' ITV drama after '10 minutes' [REACTION]Vera star opens up on rejection by TV bosses [INSIGHT]Emmerdale family torn apart after Amelia discovers she's pregnant? [SPOILERS] Former EastEnders actress Nina explained last year she tried her hand at dancing for Strictly Come Dancing, and this year she will give opera singing a go. "Comic Relief is helping me tick something else off my bucket list, so how could I turn this opportunity down?" Nina said. "They do such fantastic work, and need every penny that the audience can donate, so the least I can do is give the performance of my lifetime at the London Coliseum.” Red Nose Day 2022 will be hosted by Alesha Dixon, David Tennant, Zoe Ball, Paddy McGuinness and Sir Lenny Henry on Friday night. Meanwhile, the Great Comic Relief Prizeathon will be hosted by Vernon Kay and AJ Odudu. This year's Comic Relief has had a shake-up in the presenting line-up after Joel Dommett was forced to pull out due to contracting coronavirus. Instead, The Masked Singer presenter will be replaced by Vernon. Taking to Instagram to confirm the news, Joel said: "Super annoyed to report that I have the vid. This unfortunately means I have to pull out of hosting @comicrelief. "My incredible replacement is the better looking, more talented @vernonkay who is ace. Call the Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.