Sky News political editor Beth Rigby has laid out the "starling" inflation forecast figures in the wake of Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement on Wednesday. Ms Rigby argued that the Chancellor will need to announce further spending changes in the Autumn to deal with the rising energy costs.  Ms Rigby told Sky News: "Inflation the OPR is saying, the Office of Budget responsibilities that do the independent forecasts, saying that inflation is going to rise to 8.7 percent in the autumn. It's actually startling. "When you look at energy bills, we know there's going to be a big increase in April energy bills going to go up to an average of £700 for one a year to £2000, but that kicks in again in October. They go up again. "Someone's saying to me that it could go up to 3000 pounds. So you've got another massive cost on energy in October for consumers. She added: "Some of the tax cuts that the chancellor announced today only offset about one-sixth of the tax rises he's announced since 2020. So yes, he moved on to taxation. "Yes, he did offer billions of pounds in relief for people in the immediate term. But my biggest takeaway really from this is surely there's going to have to be a bigger package of measures come autumn and the budget." Mr Sunak said inflation was forecast to average 7.4 percent this year due to "disruptions to global supply chains and energy markets, combined with the economic response to Putin's aggression". He said the UK's actions against Mr Putin's regime are "not cost-free for us at home" and present a "risk" to the recovery.  Despite the Chancellor announcing tax cuts, the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) says the tax burden will still hit the highest level since the 1940s. The OBR says net tax rises plus the "more tax-rich composition" of forecasted economic activity raises the tax burden from 33 percent of GDP in 2019/20 to 36.3 percent in 2026/27. Its fiscal outlook says this is the "highest level since the late 1940s", adding that this "is a 3.3 percent of GDP increase in the tax burden in the space of seven years". The independent economic forecaster said growth will be curtailed as households rein in spending in the face of the worst hit to their finances on record as the Ukraine crisis further disrupts supply chains and sends energy bills soaring. It said real household disposable incomes will fall by 2.2 percent per person in 2022-23 - the largest fall since official ONS records began in 1956-57 - and will not recover until 2024, when inflation is finally set to return to the 2 percent target. And in a gloomy warning over the Ukraine conflict, it said: "The uncertain course of the invasion of Ukraine and international sanctions brings with it the prospect that energy prices could rise further than markets [and therefore our forecasts] currently assume... driving inflation close to double digits and GDP 0.8% lower in the near term." Mr Sunak admitted the OBR forecasts do not take into account the full impacts of the war in Ukraine. He said: "We should be prepared for the economy and public finances to worsen - potentially significantly and the cost of borrowing is continuing to rise."