The pair met with Jamaican PM Andrew Holness at his office in Kingston on Wednesday during their royal tour of the Caribbean. Footage showed the couple standing awkwardly either side of Mr Holness as he took a subtle swipe at the royal family’s relationship with Jamaica. Mr Holness said: “There are issues here which as you know are unresolved but your presence gives us an opportunity for those issues to be placed in context, to be out front and centre and to be addressed as best we can.” He went on: “But Jamaica is, as you would see, a country that is proud of its history and very proud of what we have achieved. And we’re moving on and we intend to…fulfil our true ambitions and destiny to become an independent and prosperous country.” The pair were met with protests when they arrived in Jamaica on Tuesday. Roughly 350 people joined a demonstration in the capital Kingston, with activists calling for reparations and a formal apology from the royal family for its colonial past and links to slavery. Mr Holness appeared to reference the couple's mixed reception in his speech. He said: “Jamaica is very free and liberal and the people are very expressive, and I’m certain you will have seen the spectrum of expressions yesterday.” The couple's visit, which is part of their week-long Caribbean tour to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, coincides with the 60th anniversary of Jamaica's independence. The tour has been met with outrage across a number of nations over Britain's colonial past in the Caribbean and elsewhere. In an open letter published at the weekend, 100 Jamaican leaders said they saw "no reason to celebrate" the Queen's coronation "because her leadership, and that of her predecessors, have perpetuated the greatest human rights tragedy in the history of humankind." The group, which included activists alongside prominent professors, politicians and other figures called on the United Kingdom to apologise for its colonial past. The letter read: “During her 70 years on the throne, your grandmother has done nothing to redress and atone for the suffering of our ancestors that took place during her reign and/or during the entire period of British trafficking of Africans, enslavement, indentureship and colonialization." The royals are conducting a tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas to celebrate the Queen's 70 years reign. Their visit is also being seen as an attempt to raise support for the monarchy and persuade other Caribbean nations not to follow Barbados by cutting ties with the royals and becoming a republic. The royal tour comes just months after Barbados officially became a republic in November. The move saw the Queen replaced as its head of state, cutting the colonial ties that have existed between the two countries for almost 400 years since the first ships from England arrived on Barbados. Experts have said the move could prompt other Caribbean countries to follow suit, particularly Jamaica, where both of the two main political parties support breaking away from the monarchy completely to become a republic. In an open letter to the British High Commission on Tuesday, Jamaican leaders said they were celebrating 60 years of freedom from the United Kingdom but that they needed an apology from the royal family. They said an apology was "necessary to begin a process of healing, forgiveness, reconciliation and compensation." The royals were also met with protests on their arrival in Belize earlier this week. Kate and Will were forced to change their plans after locals in one village on the island nation staged a protest against their visit. The opposition arose from a dispute between villagers in the island's Toledo district and Flora and Fauna International (FFI), a conservation charity Prince William is a patron of. The pair were supposed to visit the Akte'il Ha cacao farm in Indian Creek on the first day of their tour but locals opposed to them landing their helicopter on their land, claiming they had not been consulted. As their visit reaches its halfway point, it seems it may have caused more controversy than support for the royals, as leaders in Jamaica debate how and when the island could become a republic. Robert Nesta Morgan, the minister without portfolio in the office of Jamaica's Prime Minister Holness, told ABC News that there is consensus within the country that it is time to cut ties with the monarchy. He said the Jamaican government and oppositions leadership were in agreement that the country is "moving towards becoming a republic."