A hair loss expert spoke with Express.co.uk about the effectiveness of hair loss prevention treatment shampoos. Consultant dermatologist and founder of Dr. Ophelia Comsecutical Skin and hair care discussed caffeine shampoos. The expert said: "There is some evidence that some hair loss prevention shampoos (such as those containing caffeine) work. "Most aren't expensive and so there's no harm in trying them however the evidence of their effectiveness is very weak. "It can also be disappointing when patients expect a shampoo or over-the-counter serum or supplement to be effective, and then it's not." READ MORE: Hair loss specialist warns towel drying mistakes 'cause damage to the hair cuticle' The expert suggested speaking to your doctor if you are worried about your hair loss. She said: "My advice is to seek an expert medical opinion first." A study in 2014 found caffeine might help boost hair growth. However, this relates to caffeine applied topically, not drank. DON'T MISS'Great' supplement 'given to Cashmere goats' boosts hair growth [EXPERT] Hair loss: The vitamin 'intricately involved' in growth [HEALTH] Rice water for hair growth: Does rice water make hair grow? [INSIGHT] Dr Ophelia discussed the importance of eating correctly to boost hair growth. She told Express.co.uk: "The key to preventing hair loss is to first make sure your nutrients are at an optimal level." The expert produces her own hair growth vitamins containing a cocktail of nutrients. The morning dose contains 14mg of iron, 100mg of vitamin C, 15ug of vitamin B12, 200ug of folic acid, and 55ug of selenium. The evening dose contains 1000 IU of Vitamin D3 and 18mg of zinc. Another expert warned against relying on vitamins to prevent hair loss though. Jo Cunningham BSc (Hons) RD, FCCA is the Clinical Director of The Gut Health Clinic, founded by Megan Rossi, The Gut Health Doctor. Jo said: "There are lots of products out there marketed at improving hair quality or reducing hair loss, sadly without the robust evidence to support their use."