Manchester United icon Patrice Evra will make his boxing debut against YouTuber Adam Saleh in a bizarre career change. The former France defender will step into the ring at the O2 Arena on April 30.   Evra enjoyed a successful football career. He made 379 appearances for United, winning five Premier League titles. The 40-year-old also appeared for Monaco Juventus, Marseille and West Ham. He retired in 2019 having won 81 caps for France. Since hanging up his boots, Evra has coupled punditry with posting amusing videos to social media. However, he now seems set for a completely different career change in the coming months.   JUST IN: Man Utd and Arsenal target Tielemans 'amazed' by transfer speculation YouTube star Saleh has announced he will fight Evra on April 30. It will be Evra’s boxing debut with no previous professional or amateur experience. American Saleh called out Evra on Instagram, warning that the former left-back needs to be ‘ready’. He wrote: “APRIL 30th at the O2 Arena in London I will be sharing the ring with the LEGEND @patrice.evra  hope you ready [sic]. GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!” Also taking to Instagram, Evra said: "This fight will be April 30 at The O2 arena in London so I'm going to need my whole UK family to pull up and show their love, from not just London but all over the UK I need you guys because this is going to be really crazy."   DON'T MISS...Why did a protester attach themselves to Everton's goal?Six things we learned as Everton scrape vital win against NewcastleEverton vs Newcastle delayed as protester attached to goal Saleh has fought three times on major YouTube boxing cards before, winning twice and drawing one during his time in the ring. He also reportedly boasts an amateur record from before his social media days that amounted to 30 fights, although there is little record of these online. The pair will clash on the undercard of Martyn Ford's heavyweight clash against Iranian Hulk, whose real name is Sajad Gharibi. Saleh was previously touted as a potential opponent for fellow social media icon KSI. Evra has remained a positive supporter of United despite their poor form under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and now Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils are fifth in the top-flight and seem set to miss out on Champions League qualification, despite last weekend’s stunning 3-2 win over Tottenham. The former left-back backed Cristiano Ronaldo after the forward scored a hat-trick in the victory against Spurs. "@Cristiano, bro, please keep being the problem," accompanied with a series of emojis, including laughing faces and flames. Evra was referencing several pundits – including his former team-mates – who have suggested that 37-year-old Ronaldo has proved problematic for Rangnick.   