Some varieties of spring-flowering plants are gorgeous to look at, but may contain toxic elements towards animals, including dogs. Experts at tails.com are warning pet owners to keep them safe this spring, sharing a list of pet-safe plants as well as some to avoid. Daffodils can make a lovely decorating piece and add lots of colour into the home. However, according to tails.com, they are toxic to dogs and can lead to vomiting and drooling. The experts said: “Some dogs love digging holes, whether that’s in your own garden or on a walk, and this is when they can come in contact with a daffodil bulb. “If you love the plant, consider fencing them off to keep them safely out of reach from your dog.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares the ‘one rule’ to follow when pruning the garden Bluebells, which can make a beautiful addition to the garden in springtime, are also “dangerous” to have around dogs, especially nosey puppies. The expert said: “When ingested they can cause vomiting, diarrhoea, lethargy and disorientation in dogs as they contain glycosides.” Tulips and hyacinths are two of the world’s most popular spring flowers, but they are considered “toxic” to most animals, including dogs, cats and horses. For those wanting to incorporate these into their home or garden, the experts recommended keeping them out of reach. DON'T MISS:How to prevent 40% heat loss in your home as energy bills soar [COMMENT]Common decor mistakes homeowners are making - ‘bad idea’ [EXPLAINER]‘Effective’ houseplants for purifying the the air - ‘great’ [EXPERT] When ingested, the plant can cause vomiting and drooling. Tails.com added: “If your dog eats a large amount of plant bulb, they may experience changes in heart rate and respiration, which then you will need to seek veterinary attention.” Houseplants have grown in popularity within the last two years, with many recognising the benefits they bring into the home. However, some varieties are not suitable for pet owners, including the Peace Lily, also known as the mother-in-law’s tongue. The experts explained: “Consumption of lily tubers is known to be toxic for both dogs and cats, so it’s safe to keep these out of your pets’ reach and be extra cautious when out walking. “While not all lilies are toxic to pets, the majority can cause an upset tummy and other uncomfortable reactions. “If your dog consumes a lily plant, it may cause gastrointestinal upset including vomiting, diarrhoea and abdominal pain. “If your dog has got its paws on a lily and seems unwell, it’s important to contact your vet for further advice.” OnBuy Greenhouses also explored harmful plants to pets, and categorised 10 of the most harmful plants to pets. With help from the University of California, Rhododendrons are the most harmful towards pets, and can cause serious illness or death. The experts said: “As pretty as they may look with their vibrant flower heads in an array of colours, Rhododendrons are deadly to your pet. “Falling under class one and boasting a powerful toxicity, just a few small nibbles of any part of this plant can leave your furry friend seeking emergency medical attention, especially if your pet is a smaller breed. “Not only your pet, but humans can be hit with a nasty punch if they consume this plant, threatening life in some cases.” The Yew plant can also prove “fatal” towards furry friends as well as children. So what plants are safe for pet owners to incorporate into their garden this year? Roses are a classic flower which can add a pop of colour into any garden. Tails.com explained: “Nature them with sunlight, regular water and pruning and they are guaranteed to remain colour and luscious throughout spring, while posing no threat to your furry friends.” Sunflowers are also suitable to place in the garden or the home as well as camellias. The experts added that snapdragons, which are known for their gorgeous colours, also pose no threat to dogs at all.