Barcelona are eyeing a summer transfer deal for Borussia Dortmund’s Erling Haaland as they plan for a brighter future. It’s been a turbulent campaign over at the Nou Camp yet Joan Laporta has made funds available to strengthen the squad. And one of Europe’s hottest prospects could soon be on their way to Catalonia to play under Xavi. Barcelona boss Xavi was asked about potentially signing Haaland on Sunday amid rumours he’d met the player in Germany. And he kept his cards close to his chest, saying: "I cannot give details. The only thing I can say about Haaland is that we are working for Barça for the present and future. "If we announce something, you will know. Like yesterday with (teenage midfielder) Pablo Torre." Haaland isn’t the only player on Barcelona’s radar, however. They’re also targeting AC Milan’s Franck Kessie and Chelsea duo Cesar Azpilicueta and Andreas Christensen, whose contracts are due to expire in the summer. So Express Sport will now take a look at how Barcelona would line up with the trio in their ranks. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Plenty has changed at Barcelona in recent years. Yet Marc-Andre Ter Stegen remains undroppable between the sticks, even if the Germany international has struggled at times this term. When Barcelona first signed the shot-stopper from Borussia Dortmund back in 2014, he was behind Claudio Bravo in the pecking order. However, Ter Stegen has established himself as the club’s No 1 ever since Bravo departed for Manchester City six years ago. And he’s expected to be their first-choice goalkeeper next term, too. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Barcelona are hopeful of landing Azpilicueta from Chelsea, with the Spain international open to leaving Stamford Bridge behind. And they could conduct a double raid on the Blues with centre-back Christensen also in their sights. Should the pair sign, Azpilicueta may take Dani Alves’ place in the team at right-back. Christensen may then partner up with Gerard Pique as the veteran enters the twilight years of his career. And while Sergino Dest has been doing well at left-back, Jordi Alba still represents an upgrade in that position. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Barcelona have high hopes for Pedri and won’t want to block his development. They’re also happy with the way Frenkie de Jong has been performing under Xavi, with the Netherlands international back to his best. And the pair could be joined by Kessie in the middle of the park next term. The AC Milan star will become a free agent in the summer and Barcelona seem to be frontrunners in the race to land the Ivory Coast international. Kessie may operate at the base of the Barcelona midfield, with De Jong and Pedri then used further ahead. Barcelona could feasibly move Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to the wing if Haaland joins. The Borussia Dortmund star would be expected to take the No 9 shirt and lead their attack next term, even if Real Madrid are also targeting a transfer. With Adama Traore only at the club on loan, it’s not guaranteed he’ll return to Barcelona on a permanent basis. So Ferran Torres could go on the right, Aubameyang on the left and Haaland down the middle. That, certainly, would be an attacking trident that strikes fear into enemy defences.