PIP, or Personal Independence Payment as it is commonly known, helps people with living costs if they have a physical or mental health condition or a disability. With many people reliant on the payment, understanding when they will be paid is vital. But there are set to be temporary changes kicking in from next month as it relates to payment dates. The Easter Bank Holiday weekend is set to impact when certain PIP claimants expect their payment. This year, Good Friday is April 15, while Easter Monday is April 18 - both bank holidays. This all-important weekend means payments will be disrupted for those expecting them on either of these dates. READ MORE: Pension death benefits may be targeted in spring statement However, there is unlikely to be a delay as the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) typically pays claimants early to avoid them being out of pocket. The final working day before the bank holiday weekend is Thursday, April 14. Therefore, those expecting payment on Good Friday or Easter Monday can expect to be paid then. Individuals do not need to take any action for this to occur, as the payments should be automatically processed. A person will be eligible for PIP if they are 16 or over, and have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability. DON'T MISSState pension: Britons miss out on nearly £500 due to triple lock [INSIGHT]Rishi Sunak’s ‘tax raid’ may mean you pay £255 per year more [ANALYSIS]State pensioners may receive ‘highest increase ever’ next year [UPDATE] Usually, Britons will need to be under state pension age in order to claim. They must have difficulty carrying out certain everyday tasks, or getting around. Individuals will also need to expect these difficulties to last for at least 12 months from when they started. Finally, to get PIP people usually need to have lived in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years - although there may be some exceptions. How much a person gets through PIP depends on their circumstances and challenges. There are two components to PIP which, in turn, are separated into two main rates. The daily living part has a lower rate of £60.00 per week, and a higher rate of £89.60. It is intended to support those who need help with day-to-day tasks, such as personal hygiene, cooking, dressing and socialising. The mobility part, however, is for those who need physical assistance in or out of the home, and those who require help in working out and following it. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A person does not necessarily have to have a physical disability in order to get the mobility part. Its lower weekly rate is currently £23.70 per week, rising to £62.55 for the higher weekly rate. PIP is a tax-free payment, and what a person gets is not impacted by their income or savings. PIP claimants may also be eligible for other forms of support in their everyday lives. For example, the Blue Badge or the vehicle tax discount or exemption could be particularly helpful. Individuals may also be able to get a discount on council tax and local bus travel, but should check with their local council. Anyone who gets either the daily living or mobility part of PIP should be eligible for a Disabled Person’s Railcard.