Five-year-old Semyon was in critical care in Okhmatdyt Children's Hospital for three days after he and his family were shot at while trying to escape enemy forces attacking Ukraine's capital. Parents Anton Kudrin and Svetlana Zapadynskaya along with their daughter Polina, 10, were killed in the attack believed to be carried out by Russian saboteurs. Harry Potter fan Polina was in her final year at primary school when she was killed. A picture of the smiling schoolgirl was shared by deputy mayor of Kyiv Vladimir Bondarenko. He said: "Her name was Polina. She studied in the 4th grade of school in Kyiv. Her and her parents were shot by Russian DRG." Semyon and the couple's eldest daughter Sofia had survived the attack, but in the latest tragedy to emerge from the rubble of Ukraine, the youngster has now also died, according to the Telegraph. Sofia, 13, is unconscious and critically ill, having no idea her whole family was murdered. A moving photo of a relative at Semyon's bedside was released earlier this week. Russia has faced international opprobrium over the death and destruction suffered during a conflict which is now in its second week. A preschool in north-eastern Ukraine was hit on February 25 with widely-banned cluster munitions as civilians sheltered inside. Amnesty International confirmed that three were killed, including a child, while another youngster was wounded.  READ MORE ABOUT AN ENERGY SCAM WARNING The attack appears to have been carried out by Russian forces operating nearby with a record of using cluster munitions in populated areas. Amnesty verified that a 220mm Uragan rocket dropped cluster munitions on the Sonechko nursery and kindergarten in the town of Okhtyrka in Sumy Oblast. The human rights charity said the attack may constitute a war crime. On Thursday, the UN's human rights office confirmed 249 civilians were killed and 553 injured in Ukraine during the first week of the conflict.  DON'T MISS: Putin TRAP exposed: Russian olive branch to Ukraine [REVEALED] Turkey: Erdogan power play over Putin [LATEST] Putin warned by Finland: 'We make our own decisions’ [REPORT] The toll rose from 227 deaths, 15 of them children, and 525 injured from its previous report. Of those injured, 28 were children. UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet told an urgent debate on Thursday that most civilian casualties were caused by the use of heavy artillery, multi-launch rocket systems and air strikes in populated areas. She added that there were concerning reports of use of cluster munitions striking civilian targets. Russia’s Permanent Representative to UN Geneva, Gennady Gatilov, questioned the motives of those joining international condemnation for his country’s actions. He said: "The peace and prosperity of Ukraine are not in your interests. The lives of ordinary Ukrainians are of no interest to you. You don’t need a settlement of the situation in Ukraine. "The puppet regime of (Ukraine President) [Volodymyr] Zelensky is of interest to you only as a means of pressure and is a trump card in your confrontation with Russia." Meanwhile, the Kremlin on Thursday praised Russian troops in Ukraine as heroes who would go down in history, describing the deaths of soldiers as a tragedy. Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russian President Vladimir Putin would convene Russia's Security Council later on Thursday but did not say what the group of top state officials and heads of defence and security agencies would discuss. Russia says its actions in Ukraine are a special operation that is not designed to occupy territory but to destroy its southern neighbour's military capabilities and capture "dangerous nationalists". Mr Peskov said Russian casualties in the fighting in Ukraine - which the defence ministry on Wednesday put at 498 soldiers - were a source of grief. He said: "Of course, this is a great tragedy for all of us. At the same time, we all admire the heroism of our military." President Zelensky's office said on Thursday that a second round of talks with the Russians has begun over the war in his country. A war crimes investigation has also been launched after Prime Minster Boris Johnson accused Putin of committing atrocities by bombarding cities. The International Criminal Court opened its probe on Wednesday after the UK and 37 allies referred Russia over what the PM described as "abhorrent" attacks.