Harry and Meghan’s first meeting took place in July 2016 when both of them met each other on a blind date. The date was arranged by a mutual friend, thought to be Violet von Westenholz, a public relations director at Ralph Lauren.  Recalling their meeting, Harry had said: “I had never watched Suits. I had never heard of Meghan before. “I was beautifully surprised when I walked into that room and saw her.” And everything else after this date is history. The couple got married in a grand ceremony on May 19, 2018.   However, in January 2020, Harry and Meghan made their shock announcement that they would be stepping back from senior roles within the royal family. Taking to social media to tell the world, the couple said they'd spent “many months” reflecting over their decision, adding that they had plans to “carve out a progressive new role within [the] institution” while becoming financially independent. Since then, Harry and Meghan have spoken publicly about their decision to leave, first when Harry appeared on The Late Late Show with James Cordon and then in their bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey. Speaking about their bond, royal author Nigel Cawthorne told OK that their solitude may have strengthened them as a couple. READ MORE:Princess Anne sparks frenzy with email confession after Twitter snub  He said: “It’s Harry and Meghan against the world, or them against the British establishment. “But when couples go through a shared problem, it does tend to make them stronger.” In October 2019, shortly after a triumphant 10-day tour of South Africa, an ITV documentary saw News At Ten’s Tom Bradby ask Meghan if she was coping with the pressures. She said: “It’s not enough to just survive something, that’s not the point of life.” DON'T MISS:Legendary photographer shares awkward moment with Princess Diana‘No risk free option’ Finland MP warning over Russia's NATO threatJoe Biden accused of acting slow in dealing with Russia-Ukraine crisis With her face showing signs of strain, she added: “I tried to adopt this British sensibility of a stiff upper lip. “I tried, I really tried, but I think that what that does internally is probably really damaging.” The interview proved to be a turning point for the couple, as they left for Canada in November, sealing their estrangement from the royal family. 