Piers Morgan, 56, has responded to his wife Celia after she posted an Instagram post jibing at the presenter. The journalist shared a photo to her account of a stun gun for sale in Los Angeles and quipped at her husband. She shared the story post in full view of her 52,300 followers yesterday. Celia snapped a picture of the 950,000 volt stun gun and wrote a caption, tagging Piers in it. She said: “Introducing the 950,000 volt stun gun being sold in L.A. “Go on Piers: Talk over me. Let’s see how that goes.” READ MORE: ‘These clowns!’ Piers Morgan slates Meghan and Harry as they win award Piers then responded to her in his own joking fashion, sharing her post to his own story. He said: “Hmm… It will take a much higher voltage than this to shut me up @Celia.walden_.” The former GMB presenter has recently been very vocal about the Russian invasion of Ukraine. He took to his Twitter earlier today to his 7.9 million followers to claim that “Putin is laughing at us.” The presenter was seemingly referencing Europe and the United States. He tweeted: “Putin’s laughing at us. “He now knows that all he has to do to is threaten to use his nukes (which he won’t) and we’ll all run away in terror. “When did we get so pathetically spineless in the face of nasty little bullies?” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan bids farewell after 'ruffling feathers' in new project  [INSIGHT]Madonna, 63, sparks frenzy as she bares all in latest pics [ANALYSIS]Eamonn Holmes shares 'painful and exhausting' health insight [UPDATE] The tweet was accompanied by a picture of Putin laughing. Piers recently criticised the international community’s efforts in handling Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The star posed the hypothetical question of what would be stopping Putin from “taking other countries.” On Tuesday, Putin ordered his military to move nuclear weapons to a "special mode of combat duty”. Piers wrote: “If Putin succeeds in taking Ukraine by scaring us all off with his bulls**t nuke threats, what’s to stop him taking other countries including those in NATO? “Once you cave to a bully, they keep bullying. #StopPutinNow.” He added: “There’s a 40-MILE convoy of Russian military vehicles heading towards Kyiv to surround the city, trap the people there, and bomb them into submission. “Are we really just going to sit back and watch Putin do this?”