The US leader called the war in Ukraine "a battle for democracy" but warned: "This battle will not be won in days, or months either. We need to steel ourselves for a long fight ahead." Biden's impassioned speech, which drew comparisons between the invasion of Ukraine and the horrors of the Second World War, was delivered at Warsaw's Royal Castle before hundreds of Polish elected officials, students and US embassy staff, many holding American, Polish and Ukrainian flags.  The US President had already cast doubt on the Kremlin's claims that it had changed tactics to focus its forces solely on the Donbas region. As if to justify his caution, Russian artillery fired rockets on a fuel dump in Lviv, in the east of the country, injuring five people. Addressing the Russian people directly, he said: "If you're able to listen, you, the Russian people, are not our enemy. "I refuse to believe you welcome the killing of innocent children and grandparents. "Or that you accept hospitals, schools, maternity wards for God's sake, being pummelled with Russian missiles and bombs. "Or cities being surrounded so that civilians cannot flee, supplies cut off and attempting to starve Ukrainians into submission. Millions of families are being driven from their homes, including half of all Ukraine's children. "These are not the actions of a great nation." He went on: "For God's sake, this man cannot remain in power."  Confirming US support for Ukraine, he said the battle for democracy "did not conclude with the end of the ColdWar". He added: "Over the last 30 years, the forces of autocracy have revived across the world. Contempt for the rule of law, democratic freedom, truth itself. "Today, Russia has strangled democracy and sought to do it elsewhere, not only in its homeland." Shortly after the speech, White House officials claimed that Biden was not calling for regime change in Russia, saying: "The President's point was that Putin cannot be allowed to exercise power over his neighbours or the region. "He was not discussing Putin's power in Russia, or regime change." Earlier, Mr Biden had branded Putin a "butcher", to which a Kremlin spokesman responded that the remark had narrowed the prospects for mending ties between the two countries. Biden, who also met Ukrainian ministers for the first time since the Russian invasion, said that Putin had been surprised he couldn't divide Nato allies in their reaction to his invasion. "I'm confident that Vladimir Putin was counting on being able to divide Nato, being able to separate the eastern flank from the west, and being able to separate nations based on past histories. But he hasn't been able to do it - we've all stayed together." He added that history had shown the importance of the US not remaining on the sidelines during conflicts in Europe and that "stability in Europe is critically important to the United States in terms of our interest - not only in Europe but around the world."  Putin's troops also faced the prospect of further setbacks as the Ukrainian government said its forces continued to stall Russia's advances and were also set on retaking Kherson, the first major city to be captured by the Kremlin's armies. However, because the city is a vital link with the land bridge to the Crimean peninsula - to which it also supplies drinking water - Russian forces are expected to put up fierce resistance. In his nightly address, President Volodymyr Zelensky said 16,000 Russians, including commanders, have been killed since the invasion on February 24. He said: "Over the past week, our heroic armed forces have dealt powerful blows to the enemy, significant losses. "The armed forces continue to repel enemy attacks, in the south of the country, in Donbas, in the Kharkiv direction and in the Kyiv region. "By restraining Russia's actions, our defenders are leading the Russian leadership to a simple and logical idea: talk is necessary. Meaningful, urgent, fair." Markian Lubkivskyi, an adviser to the Ukrainian ministry of defence, was also sceptical that the Russian President's aims had truly changed away from trying to take the whole nation, but said it does appear "the enemy is focused on the eastern part of Ukraine". He told the Today programme: "We cannot believe the statements from Moscow because there's still a lot of untruth and lies from that side.  "That's why we understand the goal of Putin still is the whole of Ukraine." Ukrainian forces were believed to be regaining ground around the capital of Kyiv. But in its latest assessment the Ministry of Defence warned: "Russians forces are proving reluctant to engage in large scale urban infantry operations, rather preferring to rely on the indiscriminate use of air and artillery bombardments in an attempt to demoralise defending forces." It added Russia was likely to "continue to use its heavy firepower on urban areas as it looks to limit its own already considerable losses, at the cost of further civilian casualties". Yesterday Ukraine's office of the prosecutor general said 136 children have been killed and 199 wounded in the 31 days since the start of the Russian invasion. Russian forces have made advances, including taking control of Slavutych, the town housing workers for the defunct nuclear power plant of Chernobyl, after being repulsed on Friday. Residents of the besieged northern Ukrainian city of Chernihiv, which has been holding out against Russian forces since the early days of the invasion, feared it would become the next Mariupol.  An estimated 130,000 people out of a pre-war population of 290,000 are trapped without heating, electricity or water supplies after a bridge linking it to Kyiv in the south was destroyed on Friday cutting the city off. Mayor Vladyslav Atroshenko said the situation was particularly critical for 44 wounded people, including three children, needing emergency treatment. He said: "They can't survive here due to the severity of their wounds, they need urgent evacuation." Linguistics scholar Ihar Kazmerchak, 38, said the main fear among people spending their nights underground is that the city suffers the same fate as the besieged southern port city of Mariupol. He said: "Ravaged houses, fires, corpses in the street, huge aircraft bombs that didn't explode in courtyards, are not surprising anyone any more. "Food is running out, and the shelling and bombing doesn't stop. People are simply tired of being scared and don't even always go down to the basements." Yesterday Russia also carried out military drills in Kaliningrad and the Kuril islands, which are claimed by Tokyo despite being seized by Stalin in the dying days of the Second World War. Japan's Prime Minister 'Food is running out, shelling won't stop' Fumio Kishida said the prospect of Russia using nuclear weapons was "increasingly real" as he welcomed a visit by the US ambassador Rahm Emanuel to Hiroshima, the first city to suffer a nuclear attack.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It followed a statement by Russian expresident and deputy head of security council Dmitry Medvedev on Friday that there were several grounds under which Russia had the right to use nuclear weapons. He said these included an attack on the country or encroachment on infrastructure as a result of which Russia's nuclear deter- rent forces would be paralysed. Last night James Rogers, of the Council on Geostrategy think tank, said: "Putin has many other measures by which they can escalate this far before resorting to tactical nuclear weapons. "Putin has still not deployed his largest thermobaric missiles, for instance. These have effectively the same yield as a small tactical nuclear bomb. "He also has chemical weapons which clear out populations without destroying buildings." Justin Crump, of Sibylline strategic risk group, said: "Putin has clearly now decided to concentrate his forces in the east, but this does not mean he will stop bombarding as many cities as he can to gain leverage with Kyiv. "And his definition of Donbas is broad. It includes the land bridge to Crimea." He said improving weather conditions would make the going easier for Russian troops, which had captured considerable Ukrainian weaponry. "Ukrainian forces continue to fight bravely, but they need more equipment. "It would be foolish to think we are near the end of this. It is only the end of the beginning." 