Mowing the lawn is a crucial gardening task that gardeners need to ensure that they are carrying out when they notice their grass is long. Cutting the grass can take up quite a lot of time in the growing season, so it’s worth making sure that you’re doing it properly. Conquering edges, picking a pattern and mixing it up are all important factors in keeping lawns looking good. Gardening experts at the Family Handyman have shared the “most efficient” ways of mowing the grass. They said: “You want your lawn to look good, but you don’t want to spend a lot of time mowing. “When it comes to lawn care, there is a right and wrong way to mow the grass. “Here are some of our expert tips for the most efficient ways to mow your grass.” READ MORE: White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it Before gardeners even think about mowing their lawn is it best to take care of the edges first. To do this, take two passes around the outside edges. If gardeners have a lawn surrounded by a fence, do three passes around the edges rather than two. The law experts said: “By doing this first, you’ll have room to turn the mower around, which will make the job go faster with less hassle.” DON'T MISS: How to clean a shower cubicle - five things you should always do [INSIGHT]‘Indestructible’ plants you can’t kill ‘even if you wanted to’ [EXPERT]Gardening: The ‘ideal’ vegetables for you to plant this weekend [TIPS] According to the experts, the “most common” and “easiest” pattern to mow the lawn with is “stripes”. They said: “Do one pass, then make a 180 degree turn to make the next pass, slightly overlapping the first pass. “Do this until the lawn is mowed.” The gardening experts also recommended alternating directions each time gardeners mow. For example, for those mowing vertically one week, go in a horizontal pattern the next. The experts noted what the “most efficient” way to mow the lawn. They said: “Circling is probably the easiest and most efficient pattern when mowing your lawn. “After mowing the edges, just keep making passes in a circular pattern until you make your way to the middle of the yard. “This is an efficient method for most lawns, as it cuts down on all the sharp turns you’d make if you mow in rows.” No matter what pattern gardeners choose, they should make sure to mix it up each week. The lawn pros said: “This will prevent grass from growing in one direction, which not only makes your lawn more attractive but it makes mowing less difficult.” They also shared that the best time of day to mow is in the early evening when the lawn is usually dry. This gives your lawn time to recover before the next day’s weather.