Formed more than 70 years ago, the Commonwealth includes around 2.6 billion people who are interspersed among 54 member states. The political association emerged from the British Empire, and as such, almost all members are former colonial territories. Commonwealth Day provides an annual opportunity for members to celebrate their shared bonds and relations. Countries who count themselves as members of the Commonwealth have no legal obligations to one another, but are connected through their use of the English language and historical ties as former colonies. Enshrined within the Commonwealth Charter are their stated shared values of democracy, human rights and the rule of law. These are promoted by the Commonwealth Games, which take place every four years - the latest of which will kick off later this year, in Birmingham. Queen Elizabeth II is currently the head of the Commonwealth and is recognised as the Head of State for 15 member nations, known as the Commonwealth realms. Meanwhile, 34 other members are republics and five others have different monarchs.  READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry & Meghan savaged for new political move Last year, Barbados removed the Queen as its Head of State while still remaining a member of the Commonwealth. Barbados’s Government said: "The time has come to fully leave our colonial past behind. "This is the ultimate statement of confidence in who we are and what we are capable of achieving." Talks have also emerged of Australia and Jamaica following suit, in order to reflect their independence.  The developments have raised questions around the importance of maintaining the Commonwealth as an association. However, a spokesperson for the Commonwealth told Express.co.uk the institution can help us to find “clarity and strength” during the uncertain times we find ourselves in at present. They said: “In times of global uncertainty and upheaval, it is long-standing, consistent, deeply rooted institutions such as the Commonwealth that can help us find our way back to clarity and strength. “We celebrate Commonwealth Day every year because our shared values and sense of family have stood the test of time.  DON'T MISS: Queen only answers phone to two people  [INSIGHT]Benefits cheat forced to sell home after claiming thousands from Spain [EXPLAINED]'Brains rotted by Brexit' Outrage at ex-Danish PM remarks on Ukraine [NEWS] “Our common belief in peace, democracy and human rights and our unity in diversity has seen us through the worst of calamities. “And we continue to stand together in the face of global crises, such as the Covid pandemic, climate change, and ongoing security challenges, while building back our economies from global decline.” Originally known as “Empire Day”, Commonwealth Day was established in 1902 to honour Queen Victoria the year after she died. In 1958, ex-prime minister, Harold MacMillan, re-branded Empire Day as Commonwealth Day.  In the UK, a celebration will be held at Westminster Abbey from 2.40 - 3.45pm, on Monday. The Queen was due to attend the service, but on Friday evening Buckingham Palace announced that she would not be there, after discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household. Instead, her eldest son, Prince Charles, will take her place. The Prince of Wales was already scheduled to attend the service, along with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Princess Alexandra. No official reason for the Queen’s absence has been given by the Palace, but she will distribute her Commonwealth Day message as usual. The Duke and Duchess of Gloucester will also not be attending the service, after it was confirmed the Duke had tested positive for Covid. As 2022 is the Queen’s Jubilee year, a special focus is being paid to the role service plays in the lives of people and communities across the Commonwealth. The theme for this year’s Commonwealth Day will centre around the forthcoming Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting - 'Delivering a Common Future'. This will highlight how the 54 member countries in the Commonwealth family are ‘innovating, connecting and transforming’ to help achieve goals like fighting climate change, promoting good governance and boosting trade. Highlights of the service will include an address by the former archbishop Lord Sentamu, a reflection by young Tongan leader Elizabeth Kite and special musical performances from Emeli Sande and Mica Paris. The spokesperson added: “Wherever and however Commonwealth Day is celebrated this year in your corner of the world - whether it be a flag raising by your local council, a school fashion show or a musical event - we hope that the links across our communities, peoples and countries bring a sense of hope and solidarity.” 