Yellowstone’s classic Western prequel series Y1883 has officially wrapped up, and is soon to be followed by another spin-off set in 1932. As the dust settles on the Duttons’ epic journey across the American frontier, star of the latest Paramount Network hit Gratiela Brancusi has opened up about one of the scenes she found the hardest to film. Noemi star Gratiela still hasn’t been able to watch the gruesome amputation scene in the last episode of Y1883. The actress portrayed a widower who accompanied Shea Brennan (played by Sam Elliott) and the rest of the travelling wagon train in the hit new limited series. Among the travellers were the Duttons’ ancestors James (Tim McGraw) and Margaret (Faith Hill) and German immigrant Josef (Marc Rissmann). In the ninth episode of the series, Josef is poisoned when his wife Risa’s (Anna Fiamora) horse is bitten by a rattlesnake and throws her to the ground. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow guest refuses offers for globe inside a walnut shell Unfortunately, the fatal bite quickly starts to spread venom throughout his body, and he’s informed his leg will have to be amputated. Josef’s leg is promptly sawed off by Thomas (LaMonica Garrett), resulting in one of the most gruesome sequences in Yellowstone history. Revealing more about her time on the series, Gratiela revealed she’s still reluctant to watch the final episodes of 1883’s first and only season. “To be honest, I haven’t watched episodes nine and 10 because I’m not really ready,” she told TVLine. “I feel like once I watch them, I’m going to say goodbye and I’m not really ready to say goodbye.” Fans tuned into the new spin-off back in December 2021, assuming Yellowstone’s popularity would warrant multiple instalments of the new offshoot. Sadly, 1883 was later confirmed to have been a limited series to be followed up by another prequel, 1932. Even if Gratiela was expecting to reprise her role as Noemi however, she still might not have the stomach to revisit the finale’s grisly amputation scene. DON'T MISS:Mood star Nicôle Lecky teases plans to direct next series [INSIGHT]Invincible star teases Guardians of the Globe return [EXCLUSIVE]The Walking Dead sparks backlash with Negan and Maggie spin-off [REACTION] “But it was brutal,” she recalled. “I still remember the sound of it, and I don’t know what it sounds like right now after editing and everything.” Gratiela revealed her co-stars Tim and Faith also struggled to be so close to the horrifically convincing gore effects. She continued: “I remember looking at Faith and Tim and thinking, oh my God, all three of us are gonna lose it. It just looked like we were getting sick to our stomachs.” While Gratiela may not be willing to watch the sequence again any time soon, she added the sound of the bone saw will stay with her forever. “It’s just something that I cannot get out of my mind,” she confirmed. "Especially that night when we went back to where we were staying, I just remember it was so vivid. “I don’t know what they used, but it was insane. The sound of the flesh and the sound of the bone more than anything, I can’t really forget it. “There’s not a lot of sounds that have stayed with me for so long, and it just feels like I just heard it two minutes ago. It was brutal.” Thankfully, the flash-forward in the finale confirmed Josef survived the ordeal, though 1883 fans were almost certainly left with a horrific image which will stick with them for some time. Y 1883 is available to stream on Paramount Plus in the US. A UK release date is yet to be announced.