"I have more hair now than I had in 1999," Matthew McConaughey beamed while dismissing claims that he had a hair transplant. Instead, he thanks a special ointment for his bouffant. "You can go back and look at things like The Wedding Planner... I mean, you'll see, I was losing [hair]," the father-of-three said. In the candid interview, the Oscar-winning actor even admitted he once had a bald patch. "I got a picture, turn of the millennium party in 2000 in Jamaica, I was looking down laughing and there was a baseball-sized bald spot on the top of my head," McConaughey told LADBible. Dismayed, McConaughey shaved off all his hair and then started using a topical ointment. Every day, "for 10 minutes", McConaughey would rub this ointment on his scalp to stimulate hair growth. "I was fully committed to it - no Propecia [medication for male pattern hair loss], no nothing, it was just manual labour," explained McConaughey. READ MORE: Prostate cancer symptoms – The 'first symptom' that the tumour has spread to the bones And McConaughey replied: "That's what I said, of course I don't." Remaining loyal to the ointment that works for him, McConaughey said: "The same thing I was rubbing it down with I still do today. "I'm not gonna quit to see if like, 'Oh, do I need to do it anymore?' I'm not taking that chance." Staying quiet on what the ointment actually is, People Magazine reported that McConaughey revealed he used Regenix "a few years ago". Can a daily massage on the scalp promote hair growth? Dermatologist Doctor Hadley King mentioned that massaging the scalp "can help increase blood flow". This, in effect, "brings more nutrients to the hair follicle". Adding to this, trichologist Dr Nick Fisherman said a scalp massage "using the right technique can help hair growth". Male pattern baldness The NHS recommends finasteride and minoxidil to address male pattern baldness.  These hair loss solutions, however, "only work for as long as they're used". Moreover, the purchase of these hair loss solutions can become expensive over time. They are not available on the NHS and unfortunately, for some people, the products do not work at all. Hair transplants can be extremely successful, but they can cost significantly more.