Countryfile presenter Julia Bradbury, 51, shared an insightful post with her 165,000 followers on Saturday. She recalled “disturbing” moments in times of difficulty and how she has overcome them throughout her battle with breast cancer. The presenter posted a photograph of herself musing on top of a mountain.The image featured the text: “Never conclude you have reached a dead end.“Focus on the two existences of the present and the future. Don’t ever get caught up in the past.“Have the spirit to start again from this moment.” READ MORE:A Place In The Sun's Laura Hamilton forced to move again after split Julia was diagnosed with breast cancer last September and has since undergone a mastectomy and kept followers updated on her difficult recovery.Julia contemplated in the caption: “Obstacles can open doors to a new place.“A chance to look at things, at your life even.“It’s sometimes called the ‘wisdom of difficulty’ and at first it can feel disturbing, sad even, but we have it within ourselves to find good in everything. Especially the obstacles.” Her sentiment struck a chord with followers and many took to the comments to thank Julia for sharing.Wendy wrote: “How true that is. I’ve spent so many hours raising awareness, supporting, chatting, laughing. Since my cancer diagnosis I’ve met some truly remarkable women. Good can come of it all!”Michael added: “Cheers Julia, quite timely. I am in overthinking mode at moment over one or two important life choices.”And Paul said: “I have to agree. I look on the bad times letting you enjoy and appreciate the good times more.” DON'T MISS‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen[LATEST]Liz Hurley breaks silence on Shane Warne’s death in heartbreaking post[INSIGHT]Vera actor Kenny Doughty's ‘romance’ with co-star after sad tragedy[NEWS] It comes after Julia candidly spoke about some of the toughest times during her cancer journey and assured others fighting the disease that they are not alone.On Thursday, the Countryfile star shared a photo of herself sitting on a hospital bed.She penned to her 203,000 Instagram followers: “To everyone on a cancer journey right now... I know it's difficult.“I know the ups and downs of every appointment and every day can be tough, but we humans are resilient and there is some amazing support out there for us all.” “Keep your face toward the sunshine and the shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman,” she added. (sic)