Manchester United may not need to spend big money to replace Marcus Rashford if the forward calls time on his Red Devils career this summer as long as wonderkid Alejandro Garnacho can replicate his form at first team level. Rashford has been tipped to depart Old Trafford after falling down the pecking order this season. Rashford has been a star for club and country over the last few years and has racked-up an impressive 93 goals and 58 assists during his time in Manchester. Two campaigns ago, the 24-year-old fired in 17 Premier League goals and followed that up with 11 strikes last season. And he had won 46 England caps by the age of 23. Rashford underwent a shoulder operation last summer, which forced him to miss the first two months of this season. He returned in October but has struggled to find his top form and has had to increasingly settle for a place on the bench since Ralf Rangnick was appointed as United’s interim manager. The player’s contract expires next summer and there are rumours that he could quit the Red Devils at the end of the campaign and look for a new challenge. JUST IN: Man Utd forced into Pogba action as Juventus put 'offer on the table'  His departure could hand the 13-time Premier League champions a huge headache. But they may already have the perfect replacement in Garnacho. Garnacho joined United from Atletico Madrid in October 2020 - and the 17-year-old has loads of talent. Last season he bagged seven goals for the United under-18s and has already found the back of the net nine times for the team this campaign. The winger’s form has seen him rewarded with appearances for the under-23s and he has notched two goals in seven games in Premier League 2. DON'T MISS: Neville's 'shut people up' prediction proved right after Ronaldo claimMan Utd may have perfect Rashford successor as Dortmund star eyes exit Man Utd must avoid repeating mistakes with Rashford contract decision     Garnacho looks set to have a big future at Old Trafford and he offered a timely reminder of just how good he is on Wednesday night as he fired in another thumping effort during his side’s FA Youth Cup victory over Wolves. The ace dribbled into the box on the hour mark, before cutting inside right-back Dexter Lembikisa and unleashing a top-class finish beyond the reach of Wolves goalkeeper Palmi Arinbjornsson. That goal was United’s second of the night and they eventually ran out 3-0 winners at Old Trafford. Garnacho has already hit the headlines in recent days after he was named in Argentina's provisional squad ahead of their World Cup qualifiers later this month, even though he represented Spain at youth level.   His call-up came despite the fact he has never appeared for the United first team. And he could soon find himself lining up for his country alongside the likes of Lionel Messi and former Red Devils ace Angel Di Maria. So if Rashford does ultimately decide to turn his back on the club, United may feel they have nothing to worry about. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here  