A poll of 4,000 people conducted by JL Partners for the Fairer Share campaign group has revealed widespread support for replacing Council Tax and Stamp Duty with a Proportional Property Tax (PPT) which would be levied on the current value of properties rather than on 1991 levels. According to the findings, if Labour were to take the policy to voters in the next election all but one of the Red Wall seats in the North won by the Conservatives would be lost. The PPT would see a tax cut for the majority of households leaving them with a bill of £556. But it would mean that in the Tory heartlands in the south local taxation would rise significantly to make up for lost revenue. Fairer Share argues that a Proportional Property Tax introduced at a flat rate of 0.48 percent on the value of a property would raise a surplus of £5.6billion for HM Treasury and is a way for the Government to overhaul a deeply regressive and unfair system. The proposal has won cross-party support including from three Red wall Conservative MPs. Carlisle MP John Stevenson, deputy chairman of the influential Northern Research Group, said: “If the Conservative Party wants to deliver for voters and retain the ‘red wall’ seats that we won at the last general election then making our property taxes fairer is one of the ways to do it." “We can now see clearly that voters in many marginal constituencies and others are overwhelmingly in favour of scrapping Council Tax. In its place they want a system of proportional property tax that would mean lower bills for the majority of households up and down the country.” Aaron Bell, MP for Newcastle-under-Lyme said “This polling confirms something that I have long suspected. Abolishing council tax and stamp duty and replacing them with a fairer property tax is the right thing to do for millions of people up and down the country. " “And, with voters across the UK backing a proportional property tax by over three to one, I believe it is also the right thing for the Conservative Party, helping secure for the long-term the support of those voters who switched to us in 2019.” Meanwhile, Simon Fell, MP for Barrow and Furness, added: “Now we know that the majority of people in constituencies up and down the UK want a simpler and fairer property tax system, there is no excuse for politicians not to deliver. “Rather than sticking with an unjust and outdated council tax system, my party should go into the next general election promising voters a modern and progressive proportional property tax. This much-needed reform would lift a disproportionate burden from young people while delivering lower bills for millions of hard-pressed households across the country.”