Sophie, Countess of Wessex has delighted royal fans in recent days as she has appeared in New York for various meetings with people across the city. According to a royal expert, Sophie’s confidence has increased over the past few months as she has been taking on more royal duties. The Duchess of Wessex spent a few days in New York City last week, celebrating the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Now back on British soil, Sophie barely rested before stepping out for another royal engagement. The Duchess visited the Rifles Headquarters in Bulford, Wiltshire, on Tuesday, March 22. The visit was part of her role as the Royal Colonel of the 5th Rifles. READ MORE: Orchid care: The ‘essential’ trick to producing beautiful blooms Royal body language expert Judi James compared Sophie to the late Prince Philip, as he was also closely associated with the Rifles. But she went on to claim that Sophie and the Duke of Edinburgh’s body language techniques are also similar. Judi said: “Her air of practical and almost business-like confidence and intelligence is making Sophie appear to be taking the role of the new powerhouse of the royal Firm, almost stepping into Philip’s shoes when it comes to energetic and involved-looking body language. “There’s none of the Harry and Meghan-style showbiz about Sophie, but she’s less daunting that the hugely stoic, no-nonsense Anne.” DON'T MISS: How to upcycle your garden furniture: The six easy transformations [INSIGHT]‘Simple ways’ to help your lawn ‘look its best’ - ‘important’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares top tips on pruning roses now - ‘prune hard’ [EXPLAINER] Looking at photos and videos of Sophie in New York, Judi said Sophie looked “charming” and “fitted well into her surroundings, rather than looking like a royal visitor from another planet”. As for the most recent photos of the Duchess in Bulford, Judi said: “Her arrival rituals here show high levels of confidence and inner strength. “She might have both hands clamped across her bag in a barrier ritual but her suppressed and slightly down-turned smile is the type that normally signals you are meeting people you already know, rather than a room full of strangers. “It’s a smile that connects rather than the usual royal social smile.” The body language expert continued: “Sophie is very good at showing signals of respect for her hosts but without diminishing her own signals of assertive confidence. “The tailored suit jacket is perfect for her style here as it brings a small touch of authority to her outfit. “Her listening skills also look professional here, suggesting genuine empathy and understanding. “Her expression is serious, the kind of frown and head-cock that Philip would use to show deep interest and involvement, while her left hand is raised to suggest some genuine questions are being asked.” Sophie’s jacket, called the “Indiana”, is from Altazarra and costs £1,180. She paired this with a salmon pink knee-length skirt designed by Victoria Beckham. As for accessories, the Duchess donned small hoop silver earrings, as well as a pendant necklace by Maison Birks that features a red diamond maple leaf. The diamond maple leaf pendant is set in 18kt white gold with a total carat weight of 0.17ct.