Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick is currently preparing for Sunday’s Premier League showdown with Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. It’s been a rocky journey at Old Trafford so far for the 63-year-old, who replaced Ole Gunnar Solskjaer earlier in the campaign. Express Sport will now take a look at five undroppables for the German ahead of the upcoming fixture. At the start of the season, David De Gea was expected to be demoted. Having toiled during the Europa League final defeat to Villarreal, missing in the penalty shootout and failing to save a single spot-kick, it seemed to be Dean Henderson’s time to shine. However, with Henderson sidelined at the start of the campaign, De Gea had a free path to the team. And the 31-year-old hasn’t put a foot wrong since, emerging as a vital asset again and re-establishing himself as one of the best goalkeepers in world football. Without him, United would arguably be even worse off. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United missed Raphael Varane when he was out injured. But the France international has started to show his worth having initially had a slow start since joining from Real Madrid. United’s other centre-backs, Harry Maguire, Eric Bailly and Victor Lindelof in particular, are prone to errors. However, Varane is an assured presence at the back and undroppable on current form. There’s a sense he could get even better if Rangnick settles on a regular partner for the 2018 World Cup winner, with players starting to turn on Maguire behind the scenes. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Since coming back from injury, Paul Pogba has been back to his best. The midfielder missed three months of the campaign between November and February, with the Red Devils left short in the middle of the park in the process. Yet Pogba has picked up from where he left off to become a vital asset for Rangnick, even with his current deal winding down. He offers creativity from the middle of the park, something the likes of Nemanja Matic, Fred and Scott McTominay don’t. On current form, he’s undroppable. And his displays of late certainly indicate he warrants a starting berth. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here When Rangnick first took charge, there were doubts over whether Bruno Fernandes could fit into his system. Yet due to the German tinkering, the Portugal international has started to rediscover his mojo. Fernandes has two goals and two assists from his last four outings, while he’s netted four times from his last 10 appearances overall. Therefore, it would certainly be a major surprise if he was left out. Fernandes is this United team’s true leader, unlike Cristiano Ronaldo whose form is waning as he enters the twilight years of his career. Like Varane, Jadon Sancho also had a slow start to life at Old Trafford. However, the former Borussia Dortmund star is now enjoying his football again and appears to like Rangnick’s style of management. Sancho has two goals and two assists from his last seven matches, having previously failed to manage a contribution since the 1-1 draw with Chelsea in November. He was recently left on the bench for the goalless draw with Watford but Rangnick, perhaps realising his mistake, introduced him as his side chased a winner. Sancho is United’s best winger at present and, certainly, deserves to start the match against City - with whom he first started his career with.