Campaigner, actress and former model, Ms Lumley has met the Queen on several occasions and has subsequently met with many members of the Royal Family and has become acquainted with them. The 75-year-old actress was a fan of the popular Netflix drama which documents the Royal family, starting with Queen Elizabeth’s coronation in the first season.  She was intrigued to learn more about the early life of Her Majesty as those details are lesser known compared to the tumultuous marriage between Prince Charles and Princess Diana. Once the show moved on to more scandals and dramas, Joanna Lumley felt less inclined to watch the show, she revealed. Speaking to the Mirror, Ms Lumley commented: “I thought I should step away from it. I couldn’t bring myself to watch it because it’s made up.” She said: “Suddenly, it began to get closer and closer, and they had people acting as Prince Charles, as Camilla Parker Bowles, as Princess Anne. I know them all.”  From her own experience Ms Lumley noted: “I know that’s not how they speak or what they said or did. People say, ‘Oh, well everybody knows that it’s made up’.” The actor added: "People don't, people think it's the truth. So, I decided not to watch it anymore because I have some loyalty, as one would to anybody they know and like and are lucky enough to be friendly with. "It's rather ghastly. I mean think of somebody imagining what you say and then it becoming something spread around the world and people believing it's the gospel truth." READ MORE:Russia soldier warns Putin he 'cannot win' as he exposes Moscow lies  She noted that the show must be “agonising” for the royals especially as it drags up long-forgotten issues that have since been put to bed. Ms Lumley has written a book to honour the Queen for her Platinum Jubilee entitled A Queen for All Seasons: A Celebration of Queen Elizabeth II on her Platinum Jubilee. She has been an avid fan of the Queen since she saw the coronation in 1953 and has always admired the monarch’s devotion to duty. She said: “I think we are very honoured and very lucky to have the Queen. She’s never faulted and never failed. “My admiration for her has simply grown over the years because I think a lot of us would have just said, ‘this is a nightmare, I’m getting out of this, I don’t want to do this anymore’. DON'T MISS:UK strikes ‘exciting’ Israel deal after £80bn EU fob-off (INSIGHT)White vinegar cleaning hacks: Four things to avoid cleaning with it (REVEAL)New poll shows more than 50% want Prince Williiam to take the throne (POLL)  “But you can’t do that if you are Queen.” The book was written from the perspective of seeing the Queen as an ordinary woman who has done extraordinary things due to her status and determination. Ms Lumley said: “What I wanted to do is to show how an ordinary woman, because we are all ordinary people really, has made herself extraordinary through shared dutiful determination to do what’s right.” Talking more generally about the royals, the actor concluded: “If you do meet any member of the Royal Family, they are so kind and so friendly and so polite and not grand. “You’ll find kindly, good-hearted people.” 