Stephanie Connell has been a key member of the Bargain Hunt and Antiques Road Trip team for the past few years, winning herself a fanbase with the BBC One show's viewers. Stephanie will be back onscreen for another instalment of the antique series, whereby she is going to try and guide the red and blue teams to victory. Prior to joining Bargain Hunt, Stephanie had spent many years working in the auction industry. Stephanie, who specialises in entertainment memorabilia, kickstarted her career by working as a sales assistant at Mitchells Fine Art Auctioneers and Valuers. She then moved on to Bonhams Auctioneers where she stayed put for more than eight years. Stephanie was originally employed as a junior specialist in 2006 and by March 2009, she was head of the department in entertainment memorabilia. Two years later, Stephanie was the director of the collectors' sales department before quitting in 2014. READ MORE: BBC's Charlie Stayt apologises as host forced to pull interview One year on and Stephanie launched her own business, Stephanie Connell Arts and Antiques. According to the dealers' website: "As experts in 20th-century popular culture the collection focuses on historic figures, cinema, travel and leisure. "We uniquely offer a full-service package including retail, private consultation valuations, acquisition and sales advice." Stephanie, who is originally from Cumbria, is now based in Surrey where she also runs her business. Much like many members of the Bargain Hunt team, Stephanie is very private when it comes to her personal life. This is why there are so few details on who she is when Stephanie isn't in front of the camera. But it is believed that the Bargain Hunt expert is around 40-years-old. She has been interested in a career in the world of antiques from a very young age. DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods delayed: CBS drama won’t air until next month [DELAY]Bargain Hunt expert David Harper hits out at inexperienced dealers  [EXPLAINER]Richard Madley wife: Is the Bargain Hunt expert married? [CAST] Stephanie told the BBC: "I started collecting stamps aged nine or 10 and dragged my parents to antique shops to help me find more. "Once I saw all the other things you could buy that were so interesting, that was it! "One of the first-ever auctions I went to as a child was a big country house sale where the contents had been untouched for decades. "It was like walking into a museum where everything was for sale. "I decided there I would do everything possible to become an auctioneer as it seemed like being a time traveller." The description for the next Bargain Hunt episode which airs on Tuesday, March 14, reads: "Presenter Eric Knowles is in Peterborough for one of the largest antiques fairs in the UK. "He’s joined by Bargain Hunt regular Colin Young, who has some top tips for porcelain collectors. "Experts Stephanie Connell and Philip Serrell guide the red and blue teams around the fair, but who will go home empty-handed and who is making a big score?" Bargain Hunt is available to watch every day at 12.15pm on BBC One.