Professional rugby player Ben Foden has taken to Instagram to announce that he's retiring from his beloved sport. The Dancing on Ice star, 36, reflected on his "privileged" journey as an international sportsman for almost two decades, while looking forward to the "next chapter" in his life. In view of his 106,000 followers, the star shared his life-changing news while sharing a series of snaps from his rugby career. Ben wrote: "So after lots of deliberation I’ve decided to finally hang up my playing boots from professional rugby. "From a young ‘Pop Idol’ starting at @salesharks to 10 years at @northamptonsaints to finally finishing my career with @rugbyunitedny it’s been a 18 year career filled with every emotion possible." He went on: "Rugby has given me so much through my life time and given me enough memories to keep me smiling for the rest of my days. READ MORE: Tony Rock insists Chris Rock and Will Smith not made up yet "It’s taken me all over the world and I feel privileged to say it’s given me friendships and a family I can always depend on. "To everyone who has been part of this journey with me, thank you for everything!" Ben continued: "Rugby really is a wonderful game and has certainly enriched my life. "I promise to always, (wherever possible) give back to the game I loved playing so much." But despite ending one chapter in his life, the sportsman told how he was looking forward to future career opportunities. Ben wrote: "Excited for the next chapter in my life and what’s around the corner. "Finally thank you Dad for making this incredible journey possible. "Foden 15 out," he ended his post, alongside the hashtags #retired #rugby #saints #sharks #rooster #England. DON'T MISS... Laila Rouass sets pulses racing with topless pic after Ronnie split [UPDATE]Tom Parker's final tribute post to The Wanted before his death [INSIGHT]Vera's Brenda Blethyn says Northerners are friendlier than the south [ANALYSIS] The star was soon inundated with messages of support from his celebrity friends. Lorriane presenter Ria Hebden wrote: "So proud of you Ben, what an inspiration." While Strictly Come Dancing star Brendan Cole penned: "Mate. Congrats on a sensational career and being a lege! Love ya buddy." Rugby player Mike Brown added: "Congrats on a great career Fodes! All the best mate x." While Ben's Dancing on Ice partner Robin Johnstone commented: "Congratulations partner wishing you the best of luck in all your new adventures." Ben started his career at the Sale Sharks in 2004 before going on to play in England's U21s team a year later in the Six Nations and World Championships. The star, who played fullback or scrum-half, won 34 caps for England between 2009 and 2013. Most recently Ben played for Rugby United New York.