Major Highway Code changes were introduced in January, with motoring organisations urging drivers to familiarise themselves with the driving rules again. Rules 238 to 252 all concern waiting and parking, including rules on parking at night and decriminalised parking enforcement. More specifically, Rule 240 and 243 of the Highway Code dictate where drivers cannot stop or park. In more common areas, motorists are warned not to stop or park near a school entrance, at or near a bus or tram stop or a taxi rank and in front of an entrance to a property. The January Highway Code changes were designed to make the roads safer for more vulnerable road users including pedestrians and cyclists. This includes not stopping or parking where a kerb has been lowered to help wheelchair users and powered mobility vehicles or in an area where it would obstruct cyclists’ use of cycle facilities. READ MORE: 'About time' New speed camera catches red light jumpers However, the Code states that drivers can temporarily stop in these places if they are forced to due to stationary traffic. Not all Highway Codes are legally binding and there is a difference between “must not” and “do not”. Rule 243 comes under the latter and stipulates people should not stop unless forced to do so by stationary traffic. Research from confused.com has shown that nearly half of all drivers have accidentally driven in a bus lane, with 28 percent of people being fined. DON'T MISSNew driving law has one major exemption with rule change weeks away [WARNING]What to do if someone parks in front of your driveway [INSIGHT]New red diesel rule is a 'cash grab' with law change weeks away [SHOCKING] Rule 141 of the Highway Code states: “Bus lanes are shown by road markings and signs that indicate which (if any) other vehicles are permitted to use the bus lane. “Unless otherwise indicated, you should not drive in a bus lane during its period of operation. “You may enter a bus lane to stop, to load or unload where this is not prohibited.” Parking is not allowed in a bus lane even when a Blue (Disabled) Badge is displayed. Loading is also not allowed unless there is signage which specifies that loading is permitted and outlines the times at which this can be undertaken. If a driver is using a bus lane incorrectly, they can be issued with a penalty charge notice (PCN), which can often be up to £100. This is usually reduced by 50 percent if the fine is paid within a certain number of days, typically 28 days. Given that it is a civil matter rather than a criminal offence, it is unlikely to involve points on a driving licence. As a result, it shouldn't impact a driver’s car insurance either, although it is still an unnecessary cost. Rule 243 of the Highway Code warns drivers not to stop or park in any of these places: