Tom Parker’s heartbreaking wish to have more children with his wife Kelsey is laid bare in his final interview before his tragic death. The star died from a brain tumour today aged 33. Tom and Kelsey already share two children - Aurelia, two, and Bodhi, one. But Tom was desperate to have two more - and he was convinced he would be able to. "Tom keeps saying he's broody!" said Kelsey, back in December. "We don't know, we can't say when. We definitely will have more children." Tom then added to OK!: “I'd like to have more, but I'd like to get myself into a better health condition." The Wanted star then said they would still be “happy” if they didn’t have any more kids - but Kelsey reportedly interjected to insist they definitely would be adding to their brood. Kelsey announced today that after bravely fighting an inoperable stage 4 glioblastoma, Tom had died surrounded by his loved ones. She wrote: “It is with the heaviest of hearts that we confirm Tom passed away peacefully earlier today with all of his family by his side. “Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. “We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. “Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you,” she concluded, with love heart emojis. Celebrity tributes have already been pouring in for the star. DON'T MISS... Elton John 'so sad' to miss own Oscars party as he praises Lady Gaga[LATEST]Lily James shows off legs in daring thigh-high split dress at Oscars[PICTURES]Phil Collins bids farewell to showbiz after final ever Genesis concert[MUSIC] His bandmate Siva Kaneswaran wrote: “Hey Tom, hope you’re having a blast up there. “I am so grateful that I had a chance to witness your true courage. “It has been a pleasure of my life Tommy Boy. Thank you for letting us see you light up the world. “Talk to you soon and see you later. Love you brother x.” Ed Sheeran added: “So sad to hear of Tom’s passing. Thoughts and love are with Kelsey, his children and his family. Very sad day, what a lovely guy.” Martin Kemp penned: “Tom Parker, rest in peace my love goes out to all your family and all your friends.. your bravery, your fight and your spirit will never be forgotten.” Rylan Clark added: “I’ve just seen the news about Tom and that’s absolutely gutting. He was such a good’un. So sad to hear. “Sending my love to Kelsey and the kids. Awful news x #RipTom x”