Peaky Blinders is back on BBC One with an explosive final season and Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) has experienced plenty of shocking moments. Following the death of his daughter Ruby (Orla McDonagh), he discovered he had a son, Duke (Conrad Khan). Tommy may have finally taken Duke under his wing and fans are keen to find out more about the TV actor. The final episode of Peaky Blinders is drawing closer with the last ever episode scheduled to air next week. Tommy received some harrowing news that he was suffering from tuberculoma. Previously he had been told by Esme (Aimee-Ffion Edwards) that he had a son, whose mother had since died. He was introduced to Duke after taking out the Barwell clan, whom he blamed for Ruby's death. Tommy's son was introduced as a thief who wanted more to life than working at a fairground. READ MORE: Peaky Blinders: Where is Linda Shelby? Will she be in season 6? The Peaky Blinders figurehead is expected to meet Duke again in the upcoming episode. Duke is played by Conrad Khan, a 22-year-old actor who was born in 2000. His credits include The Huntsman: Winter's War, Black Mirror, County Lines and The Passenger. He rose to further fame as Will Chambers in Baptiste. The star was a member of Arcola Youth Theatre London between 2012 and 2015. He described Peaky Blinders as being his "dream role". Speaking to NME he said: "The script is amazing. When I had my first audition I was like 'This is so cool that I get to read this.' "I couldn't believe it and then when I got the part, it really was a dream come true. "I was really nervous sitting in my trailer before I went on set because it’s such a family and so well established." He admitted he felt like an outsider coming in at such a late stage. DON'T MISS... Peaky Blinders season 6: Duke Shelby to replace Tommy? [INSIGHT] 'BBC sort it out!’ Peaky Blinders fans fume over technical glitches [DISCUSSION] Will Tommy Shelby die in Peaky Blinders? [INSIGHT] However, he was praised by the directors for holding his own. He was 18 when he filmed County Lines and said he had not told any of his friends he was an actor. The star said it was a challenge juggling his education with acting, as he was only able to attend school one day each week. Now he has made a name for himself, he hopes to write and direct films. The star is on Instagram and he shared some photos of himself at the Peaky Blinders premiere. Fans were very supportive of the newcomer and they were excited to see what would happen to his character. They have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on Tommy's relationship with Duke. KG said: "I don’t believe Esme’s telling Tommy the truth. I bet ‘Duke’ is gonna mess things up for Tommy by the end of the season #PeakyBlinders." pbVi added: "So maybe Duke will be the new Arthur of the new generation. "He’s the muscle, takes care of the dirty business .. and Charlie will be the brains and the seemingly good businessman like Thomas."  Peaky Blinders returns on Sundays at 9pm on BBC One.