Red Bull figurehead Christian Horner has sent Lewis Hamilton and the rest of the Formula 1 field a fresh warning as Max Verstappen begins his title defence. The Dutchman has been criticised for his style of driving in the past, but that doesn't look set to change after clinching his maiden championship in 2021. Mercedes had reigned supreme over the F1 title for seven years prior to Verstappen's triumph in December, also becoming the sport's first Dutch champion in the process. The 24-year-old is famed for his sometimes hostile approach to driving, though he retired from only two races en route to the title last season. That's the joint-fewest early stops Verstappen has recorded in a full campaign, made all the more impressive given last season was the biggest in F1's history with 22 races. Rival Hamilton has been outspoken when it comes to questioning Verstappen's style, even suggesting his Dutch counterpart believed the 'rules don't apply' to him. Those comments were made after Verstappen finished second in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix—the penultimate race of 2021—when he was accused of trying to make Hamilton crash. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton backlash has gone 'over Max Verstappen's head' as Red Bull warn Mercedes  Red Bull team principal Horner recently appeared on BBC 5 Live Breakfast and was quizzed on whether he's ever considered telling Verstappen to tone down his methods. "We talk about any incident," he said. "But it's always going to be between me and him. "Max is a forceful driver. He's an aggressive driver. And that driving style is why he was voted the most popular driver in Formula 1 [in an official F1 survey among fans]. You just know he is going to give 110 per cent." It's clear Red Bull are content with their star considering he only recently signed a contract that will keep him with the manufacturer until at least the end of the 2028 season. DON'T MISS Nikita Mazepin shown sympathy by Schumacher as Haas F1 driver binned over Ukraine invasion Damon Hill hints Max Verstappen has F1 advantage that is out of Lewis Hamilton's control Toto Wolff stokes the flames over Max Verstappen incident as Jenson Button places blame   The long-term deal is reportedly worth around £40million a year, which is understood to have brought him level with Hamilton as the sport's top earner. Horner iterated he "absolutely" wants Red Bull's poster boy to carry on driving in the same manner, though he highlighted there should always be room for growth. "Well, no, you're always going to learn, aren't you? And I think the way he drove last year, he showed tremendous maturity - and let's not forget the others make mistakes," he added. "There are other drivers that make aggressive actions as well, you know. But, yeah, Max is an aggressive driver. That's his DNA; that's who he is. Yes, he will always be close to the limit and he will only learn from his experiences. I've got no doubt about that." After ending Hamilton's four-year title spree, Red Bull will be eager to begin their own, with Sebastian Vettel having previously won four in a row when he was on their books (2010-2013). The Mercedes talisman finished Day 3 of pre-season in Barcelona with the fastest time, but active opposition is one important factor that can't be replicated in testing. Fans must instead wait until the season begins in Bahrain on March 20 to see how Verstappen's style has evolved, with more fallout between him and Hamilton almost inevitable in 2022.