Sophie Wessex and Prince Edward were married in 1999 and have lived at Bagshot Park ever since. The royal pair decided to extend the lease from The Crown Estate for a whopping 150 years, but why are they so keen to hold onto this property? Bagshot Park is located 11 miles from the Queen’s home at Windsor Castle. This means that the Queen’s alleged favourite son – according to a leading body language expert – can see the monarch regularly along with his wife and kids. With it being announced recently that Her Majesty would not return to Buckingham Palace but continue to reside in Windsor Castle, this will be the perfect opportunity for Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn to spend more time with their granny. Sophie Wessex previously stated: “We're a lot more fortunate because we live so close to the Queen, so when she spends a lot of time at Windsor on the weekends, our children are more fortunate because they can go over and have tea with her on a regular basis,” in conversation with Sky News. READ MORE: Sophie Wessex breaks royal style protocol in New York claims expert Bagshot Park is steeped in history as it has been a royal residence for an incredible 200 years. It was originally a series of small lodges designed for King Charles I. Demolished in 1877, Bagshot Park was rebuilt again in 1879, now boasting a staggering 120 rooms. Bagshot Park is a Grade-II listed property, which is defined as a building or structure that is of special interest and warranting effort to preserve it. Complete with 51-acres of land, it is the perfect spot for a long walk or play. In terms of sheer size the place is enormous, with one and a half acres accounting for the size of a football pitch. Lady Louise and James, Viscount Severn must have had an idyllic childhood here on the sprawling estate. There is a private lake and several stables. It is unsurprising that it is estimated to be worth an incredible £30million. There have been some glimpses into the residence. Despite being grand, the royal residence is homely; in a video where Sophie spoke about children’s education during the pandemic, viewers could spot the bookcase behind her littered with toys, books and games. During an interview with Naga Munchetty, we can see cream walls, a green carpet, and green striped upholstered chairs. A theme in countless royal residences, large scale paintings and mirrors are framed with majestic gold. There is also an elegant marble fireplace. A wooden table sits at the side of the room with a small, old-fashioned wooden clock, flanked by two white lamps. Prince Edward’s office appears lived in and cosy, with a floor-to-ceiling bookcase over spilling with books, trinkets and photographs in frames. The pair invited The Telegraph into their home and revealed a stunning, light and airy conservatory, with white walls, a white table and chair and several plants.