 Good news for Selling Sunset fans as the hit Netflix reality series is soon set to return with its fifth season. The show gives viewers an insight into Los Angeles’s real estate industry, with agents battling it out as they try to please rich and famous clients. The new season is set to see yet more drama unfold with the addition of a newcomer to the cast.   On March 22 Netflix officially announced season five of Selling Sunset would launch on the streaming service exactly a month later, on April 22. One of the show’s stars, Mary Fitzgerald, took to Instagram to share the release date news with fans. She shared a poster for the new season and added the caption: "Did someone say Season 5?! “We’re back on April 22nd! Mark your calendars and get ready for another amazing season of Selling Sunset on @netflix,” Mary wrote. (sic) READ MORE: Coronation Street legend Ken Barlow horrified over Jacob Hay's secret?  However, it’s not just a new batch of episodes that reality TV lovers can look forward to as there’s also a new addition to the cast. The newest member of the Oppenheim Group is British-Nigerian luxury realtor Chelsea Lazkani. Chelsea, a graduate of the University of Birmingham and the University of Dundee in Scotland, has been working in LA for a number of years. After leaving her corporate life behind in 2017, Chelsea obtained her real estate license and joined Los Angeles agency Rodeo Realty.    However, now that she’s joined the Oppenheim Group she’ll soon be making her debut on Selling Sunset and couldn’t be more excited. Chelsea enthused: “I saw this as an opportunity to really open doors in an industry that has lacked diversity and where minorities are underrated.” She made it clear she’s keen to add some diversity to the reality show and the industry as a whole. Chelsea explained: “I feel like with great opportunities comes great responsibility. DON'T MISS...Celebrity Bake Off star insists show bosses were ‘deliberately mean’ [INSIGHT]Tipping Point’s Ben Shephard criticises player’s tactics ‘A bit off’ [WATCH]Time season 2: When will the Sean Bean series return? [UPDATE]  “This was kind of my time to give back and to educate and really mentor and push forward Black women in this luxury sector in real estate. "So just knowing that I've got a greater purpose kind of prepared me for this.” Chelsea also teased ahead to what fans can expect from the upcoming series of Selling Sunset, insisting it’s “so juicy”. “I will say it's really electric. It’s nothing you've ever seen before on TV,” she told People.   One star Selling Sunset fans may not see as much of in the new season is Brett Oppenheim. As season four drew to a close Brett announced he’d be leading the new branch in Orange County. Netflix has already confirmed Selling Sunset would be getting its own spin-off series, Selling the OC. However, it’s currently unclear as to when the southern California based spin-off will be released. Selling Sunset season 5 premieres on Netflix on April 22. 