The spring statement is the first opportunity the Chancellor has to outline his financial plans for the year ahead. Traditionally, it would unveil ambitious new Government programmes designed to curry favour among the electorate. Economic hardship has forced Mr Sunak on the back foot, and pensioners received little news from his announcement. Mr Sunak could not introduce much in his shorter statement today, but swerved several subjects he was slated to cover. Following a raft of measures designed to counteract the cost of living and fuel crises, he failed to touch on pensions. He made no mention of changes coming for those taking a pension despite saying the Conservatives were planted behind them. READ MORE: Britons face biggest fall in living standard since 1950s Pensions were left weaker last year after the Government abandoned a central promise. In September 2021, it binned a 2019 campaign pledge to preserve the pensions triple lock late last year. Under the policy, pensions increase in line with inflation or average wage growth, or 2.5 percent if those are both lower. Despite previously pledging to bring it back until the end of Parliament, Mr Sunak made no announcement about whether it could return. That doesn't mean pensioners get no help at all, however. Some of the tax cuts introduced by Mr Sunak will impact their households. One experts have focussed on is the decision to cut income tax basic rates. They believe the 19 percent reduction by 2024 will be "welcome" for pensioners. But Andrew Megson, executive chairman of My Pension Expert said it would only provide a "sticking plaster" for the sector, while urging pension savers to seek independent advice. He said: “Systematic changes will be required to offer meaningful support to at- or pre-retirement individuals. "For example, My Pension Expert’s research found that 64 percent of Britons aged 40 and over believe that simplifying the pension system would benefit pension planners. "Almost half (47 percent) would like to see the government improve access to independent financial advice." "Evidently, the UK’s pension problems run far deeper than just monetary support. “Such changes will inevitably take time. As such, I urge savers to seek independent financial advice whilst they wait for progress. "In doing so, savers will be granted a clear explanation regarding the inner workings of the complex pension system. "What’s more, they will be able to build a retirement strategy tailored to their financial needs and goals. And this will likely instil some welcome financial confidence, despite such economic uncertainty."