Blue skies and bright sunshine are expected to last through to the weekend as the UK looks set to experience one of the hottest starts to spring in a century. Most of the country enjoyed clear skies and warm sunshine on Tuesday and Wednesday this week as the mercury finally began to rise after months of wintry weather. Weather experts say the hot temperatures will stay for the rest of the week as high pressure situated over the UK ensures dry days and long spells of sunshine. Some areas could see highs of 21C (70F) as the glorious weather sets temperatures rocketing to way above the average expected in March. John Gresiak, a senior forecaster at AccuWeather.com, told Express.co.uk: “A large ridge of high pressure is currently situated over the U.K. and north-western Europe. It is providing fine, dry and warmer than average weather to much of the region. “This pattern is expected to persist through the weekend. There will tend to be areas of low clouds and fog during night and morning hours due to the light air, but long spells of sunshine otherwise. Mr Gresiak said temperatures may have peaked on Wednesday, when spots including London hit highs of around 20C. He added: “With highs in the upper 60sF (around 20C) in the London area, today may have been the warmest, as slight cooling is expected from tomorrow through the weekend throughout the UK. “Nonetheless, afternoon temperatures are still expected to reach around 16-17C.” Jim Dale, a meteorologist for British Weather Services, said temperatures of up to 30C could be recorded in direct sunshine as Britain sizzles in some long-awaited warmth. He told Express.co.uk: “We expect general highs of 21C (70F) in the warmest spots over the next couple of days. “But in direct sunshine, it might be possible to record temperatures of 30C, the sort of temperatures which can make it hot enough to fry an egg on a car bonnet. “This can bring the risk of sunburn, so this is something for people to watch out for.” The Met Office has said Britain will enjoy at least five more days of summer sunshine, with the hottest day of the year potentially yet to come. READ MORE: UK hot weather forecast: Roasting 86F heatwave hits Britain It warned that UV levels will hit ‘moderate’ this week as Britain bakes in the glorious sunshine. BBC weather forecaster Chris Fawkes said Britons would enjoy a “prolonged run of dry settled weather with lots of spring sunshine around and temperatures well above average.” He added: “There is plenty of that to come in the next few days.” He said that most of Britain would experience “hazy sunshine” for the rest of the week, although unlucky areas in Scotland and eastern Britain may see some showers. Mr Fawkes added the warning that the high pressure is due to drive up air pollution in some areas, with skies in London and parts of the east possibly seeing very high levels. He added that Britons should make the most of the warm weather while it lasts, with temperatures expected to plummet next week. DON'T MISS:Royal Family LIVE: Kate opens up in emotional speech during historic [LIVE]Abandoned dog found on roadside locked in cage in its own vomit [BREAKING]Putin humiliated as another commander killed in Ukraine [LATEST] Mr Fawkes said: “Spring - a fickle season. Don’t get used to the warm weather just yet.” High pressure that has driven up the mercury this week is expected to start to break down early next week, bringing scattered rain and much lower temperatures. Mr Gresiak said: “Early next week, the ridge of high pressure is expected to start to break down. This will allow for scattered outbreaks of rain to develop on Monday and Tuesday. Temperatures on these days are expected to range from 11 to 15C. “A change to even colder weather is possible by late next week. This may be accompanied by more widespread showers, and there can even be some sleet or snow in northern and higher elevation areas.” He added: “Winter may not be over yet.”