The princess is preparing to launch a series of podcasts that will feature a variety of guests talking about modern slavery, including sex trafficking. The project is in collaboration with The Anti-Slavery Collective, the charity that Eugenie founded with her friend Julia de Boinville. A source told the Daily Mail that the princess plans to spend the summer “doubling down” on her charity commitments and focusing on her role as founder of the Anti-Slavery Collaborative, as she bids to distance her own reputation from her father’s. The royal source also claimed that there have been “zero” conversations between Eugenie and Andrew on the topic. Now, unearthed reports reveal that Eugenie was planning to launch the project three years ago. In July 2019, Eugenie and Julia announced their plans for a new podcast. In a video posted to Instagram, Eugenie revealed: "The Anti-Slavery Collective’s mission is to bring people together because together, we’re so much more powerful and we can affect serious change." "If we can do that and get people working in the same thing, sharing information, sharing what their best practices are then we can make a real difference.” However, the announcement came at a time when her father was under intense public scrutiny. Four years earlier, allegations that Andrew had sex with Virginia Giuffre, who later brought a civil lawsuit against the Duke, emerged in court documents in Florida related to Jeffrey Epstein. In August 2019, the court documents were unsealed, and Giuffre's allegations were made public. A source close to the princess told The Sun at the time that the scandal surrounding her father forced her to delay the podcast. They said: “It’s all very difficult for Eugenie at the moment — she and Beatrice are very close to their father and are being very supportive. “But obviously the timing of her anti-slavery and sex trafficking initiative is hugely difficult given the renewed headlines around Andrew. “She won’t want to launch a new podcast against modern day slavery, when that’s exactly what Epstein was doing. “I’d expect the launch to be quietly put back.” The podcast — which was being developed with the anti-slavery movement Freedom United — was never released. After an interview with BBC Newsnight in November 2019, the Duke of York stepped down from his royal duties. In a statement, he said: "It has become clear to me over the last few days that the circumstances relating to my former association with Jeffrey Epstein has become a major disruption to my family's work and the valuable work going on in the many organisations and charities that I am proud to support.” DON'T MISS: Camilla health fears as 'struggling' Duchess forced to pull out of planned Cheltenham trip [LATEST]Royal POLL: Will you listen to Meghan Markle’s new Spotify podcast? [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Camilla's rift exposed as Duchess left 'miffed' by snub [ANALYSIS] Last year, Virginia Giuffre filed a lawsuit against Andrew accusing him of sexual assault. The Duke was stripped of his honorary royal and military patronages, in the anticipation that he would face trial. However, last month Andrew reached an out of court settlement with Ms Giuffre. The prince paid a sum understood to range between "£10 and £12million". As part of the arrangement, Andrew will make a “substantial donation” to Ms Giuffre’s charity in support of victims’ rights. Despite reports that Eugenie and Andrew have not spoken about the podcast, one royal commentator has suggested that the Anti-Slavery Collective could be Andrew’s “only way back”. Daily Mirror's royal editor Russell Myers was speaking last month on an episode of royal podcast ‘Pod Save The Queen’, hosted by Zoe Forsey. He said: “Speaking to friends of his, he definitely feels like he has a lot to offer public life again. He is only 62. “But who on earth will want to work with him? I can’t imagine anyone will want to touch him. “Certainly, the Royal Family won't want him anywhere near public life after this huge debacle. “It was mentioned to me that his daughter, Princess Eugenie, runs, helped found, and does some work with a charity which helps female victims of human trafficking. “So, if that is an avenue that he is exploring, that probably is his only way to get back to public life.” A release date for the podcast is still to be revealed but it is likely to feature guests and charities who raise awareness about the issue of modern slavery. Eugenie and Julia set up the Anti-Slavery Collective in 2017 after they became aware of modern slavery during a trip to Kolkata, India. The charity aims to raise awareness around human trafficking through encouraging conversation, hosting leadership events and visiting grassroots organisations. In a joint message last month, Eugenie and Julia said: "We were so excited to begin recording our long-awaited podcast this year, due to be released in 2022 so stay tuned!"