 On Sunday night, Channel 5 viewers tuned in to explore more of the countryside in the latest episode of Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire. The series follows Jane on her adventures as she visits the sights of the county she grew up in. However, the most recent episode saw the singing star left red-faced when she bumped into someone from her past.   Jane headed to North Yorkshire to enjoy a tandem cycle tour of Knaresborough. She roped her close friend Sue Ravey along for the journey on the riverside bike ride. However, Jane soon got a surprise when the duo were introduced to their tour guides. Speaking to Dave and Ivan from Nidderdale Cycle Hire, Jane recognised a familiar face. READ MORE: Emmerdale twist as Liv Flaherty discovers she’s pregnant?   “Hello, we’ve come for a bike ride. Is that right?” Jane began. “That’s fine, yes. Here we are,” Dave replied, as Jane added: “I’ve brought my friend.” Dave asked Sue if she’d like to ride on a tandem bike with him and suggested Jane rode with Ivan. “Hi, hello!” Ivan exclaimed, pointing at Jane.    “Hello, do I know you?” Jane questioned, with a puzzled expression on her face. “Yes, Rooftop Gardens and Casanovas, Wakefield,” the cyclist replied. “Oh dear,” Jane remarked, confessing: “That’s right, that’s right.” “A long time ago. Fantastic. Are you coming with me?” Ivan asked. DON'T MISS...Gen Z student blasts claims 'woke' youth wouldn't fight for country [UPDATE]Holly Willoughby shares graphic reaction to Dancing on Ice star injury [MUST SEE]EastEnders horror as Gray Atkins’ final victim sealed? [SPOILERS]  “I think so. How well do I know you?” Jane laughed, with Ivan replying: “Oh well…” “Slightly awkward,” Jane added, before filling the viewers in on her history with Ivan. She explained Casanovas was a nightclub where she worked as a waitress and podium dancer. “I hope he remembers me and not my outfit!” Jane commented.    The singing star confessed she used to don a bodystocking and cowboy boots at the Yorkshire club. “Nah, no one would remember that,” she joked. “I used to share a dance floor with Ivan. Now I’m sharing a tandem. How things change,” Jane remarked. Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire airs Sundays at 9pm on Channel 5. 