  Actor Simon Rex has claimed that Meghan Markle once wrote him a personal thank you letter after he refused a request from unnamed publications to lie about their relationship. Rex said he declined a large sum of money despite being “broke as f**k” at the time.     Rex appeared alongside the Duchess of Sussex in an episode of the 2005 series Cuts. During an interview with The Guardian, he revealed that unnamed British tabloids had offered him thousands of dollars to lie about their relationship. The Scary Movie actor reportedly declined the offer, earning the gratitude of the former Suits star. He told the publication: “I was broke as f**k! I really needed the money. READ MORE: Kate Humble was 'vile' to husband Ludo amid work struggle       “But I’ll be on food stamps before I do that.” The tabloids allegedly offered Rex $70,000 to say he’d had a sexual relationship with the duchess. He went on to explain that Meghan had been very grateful for his decision to turn the money down, even sending him a thank you letter. The What I Like About You actor admitted that he had the letter framed in his home in Joshua Tree, California.     “She said: ‘It’s nice to know there are still good people,’” the actor said. After the interview was published, Rex claimed once more that the story was “true” in a tweet. Linking to the article, he wrote: “This is true. And I framed the thank you letter she wrote me. “She has very nice penmanship btw.” READ MORE... 'Sad dogs' Dawn French admits challenges with body as she's got older [NEWS] Mark Labbett says The Chase USA dropped him for 'no reason' [LATEST] Alex Beresford reacts to 'livid' ITV co-star Charlene White [UPDATE]       Rex previously opened up about the tabloid request he claims to have received during an appearance on the Hollywood Raw podcast in 2020. Rex insisted that he had merely enjoyed a platonic relationship with the royal. He claimed that he and Meghan had simply “hung out one time,” during which they had gone for lunch, but clarified “that was the extent of it”. “I said no to a lot of money because I didn’t feel like f**king up the royal family,” he said at the time of his reasoning for turning down the offer.      Rex has been acting for many years, starring in Amanda Bynes 2002 sitcom What I Like About You. He went on to have a career in film, starring in three films of the Scary Movie franchise and National Lampoon's Pledge This!. In 2021, he received critical acclaim for his lead role in Sean Baker's Red Rocket. In the comedy drama, Rex plays a washed-up ex porn star who returns to his hometown, and the role proved such a hit that his film career has since made a big resurgence. Express.co.uk has contacted Meghan Markle’s reps for further comment.   