Jorge Mendes is probing the market for centre-forwards for Tottenham to sign with Harry Kane potentially off to Manchester United this summer, reports say. The England international has returned to form under Antonio Conte after experiencing a difficult campaign. And while Manchester City wanted to snap him up 12 months ago, a move to Old Trafford could now be on the cards instead. Manchester United will need to sign a new forward this summer, even if veteran Cristiano Ronaldo does end up remaining at Old Trafford. Edinson Cavani is primed to leave on a free transfer, with the Uruguay international struggling for regular action under both Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick so far this term. Mason Greenwood remains unavailable for selection, while question marks are hovering over the futures of Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial as well. With that being the case, The Athletic have claimed United may swoop for Kane when the transfer window reopens this summer. Tottenham flatly refused to let the England international go to City 12 months ago, pricing Pep Guardiola’s team out of a deal. Yet while Kane has regained his mojo since the appointment of Conte, Spurs may now be rocked by a sudden departure. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz The publication says that, last year, Ed Woodward held tentative talks with Daniel Levy about potentially signing the England skipper. Woodward then decided United wouldn’t be entering the bidding for the 28-year-old, with Jadon Sancho instead their priority. But with United needing a new striker, super-agent Mendes is now preparing for Kane to potentially move to Old Trafford this summer. It’s claimed the Portuguese is looking at possible Kane replacements of his own accord, with Tottenham insisting they haven’t instructed him to conduct research. Darwin Nunez is one player Mendes is looking at, with the Benfica star taking the Primeira Liga by storm by notching over 20 goals this season. And Tammy Abraham is another, with the England international sparkling under Jose Mourinho at Roma having joined from Chelsea last year. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Kane wants to play in the Champions League next season, while he reportedly has a ‘strong bond’ with Conte behind the scenes in north London. However, industry insiders think United may make a move regardless of their own situation if City land Erling Haaland. Any deal that takes Haaland to the Etihad would need the Red Devils to take action to avoid falling even further behind their fierce rivals. And Kane would ‘fit the bill commercially’ for the Red Devils, though their failure to appoint a new manager so far is ‘complicating matters’. United are said to covet the signing of the Tottenham star regardless of who is in charge, amid links to the likes of Erik ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino. Even Spain boss Luis Enrique hasn’t been ruled out, though the World Cup later in the year makes the potential appointment of the former Barcelona coach a tricky one. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ronaldo, meanwhile, has been linked with a move away from United should they fail to make the top four. However, the publication says sources believe Portugal reaching the World Cup would mean the veteran wanting to keep his club situation ‘steady in preparation’. Ronaldo and Kane could be United’s double act up top next term. Yet Tottenham are likely to resist their rivals’ attempts to land their talisman if history is anything to go by. Spurs chief Levy was furious when United signed Dimitar Berbatov from the north London giants in 2008, despite not initially green lighting a deal. And he’s flatly refused to let the likes of Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Toby Alderweireld and Eric Dier move to Old Trafford in the years since. Former Aston Villa star Gabriel Agbonlahor, meanwhile, recently urged Kane to leave Tottenham for either United or City - insisting the ‘joke is over now’. “You’ve got to go. The joke’s over now. He’s given them so much, Harry Kane,” he said on talkSPORT. “This season he’s stayed and they are nowhere near winning a trophy, nowhere near getting top four. “He’s going to be 30 before you know it and be one of those players who should have gone to a big club, but stayed at Spurs. “If I was him, I’d 100 per cent go to Man City, that’s if they still want him, though, as Haaland is available in the summer. If Manchester United can get the proper manager in, then go to Manchester United. “It’s not Pochettino though, I don’t understand why people keep saying that. Look at the squad of players he’s got at PSG and they are nowhere near the Champions League. “I don’t see him coming to Manchester United. No, I don’t rate him.”