Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been backed to make a U-turn on Alexandre Lacazette’s contract following the Frenchman’s impressive performances. Lacazette has become the Gunners’ first-choice striker since Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was frozen out and then moved onto Barcelona. Though he has only scored five goals in all competitions, he has still been a key part of Arsenal’s turnaround. They remain well-placed in the fight to finish in the top four, sitting just two points behind Manchester United. The Gunners have three games in hand on the Red Devils though, potentially making them favourites to claim a Champions League place. Lacazette will be at the heart of that fight, having been named captain in the wake of Arteta’s fall-out with Aubameyang. Eddie Nketiah is the only other senior striker still at the Emirates, though both he and Lacazette are out of contract at the end of the season. JUST IN: Arsenal announce £107.3m hit as 'unclear' agreement may spell trouble According to The Athletic, Arsenal will hold off on any discussions with Lacazette until the campaign ends. It is stated that Arteta remains hopeful that a deal can be agreed to extend the Frenchman’s stay in London. There is the threat that he could come to a pre-contract agreement with an overseas club before Arsenal even begin talks. And former Leeds striker Noel Whelan believes Arteta must U-turn on his decision to delay negotiations. DON'T MISS: Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke to aid Edu with ‘significant summer outlay’ (NEWS)Arsenal reap rewards from Arteta's decision to 'break up' three stars (INSIGHT)Arsenal get dream outcome from Liverpool beating Chelsea in cup final (ANALYSIS) Whelan believes that Lacazette will be a critical part of the Spaniard’s team for some time to come, if Arsenal are able to keep him. “He’s got a part to play beyond this summer, for sure,” Whelan told Football Insider. “He is still putting in these top performances and showing this professionalism despite his contract situation and despite what happened with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. “He has got some real character about him. Arteta must be looking and thinking: ‘How can I let a player like this go?’. “He’s stepped up to be a real leader in this Arsenal side. He’s taken the responsibility and that’s commendable considering all the speculation about his future. “It will be hard to ignore not only the performances but also the character and attitude he’s shown. He could stay yet.” Lacazette has not missed a Premier League game since being left on the bench for the north London derby win over Tottenham in September. He is likely to keep his place in Arteta’s line-up for Arsenal’s trip to Watford on Sunday afternoon.