Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has declared that his side are getting better by the day in spite of the various off-field issues that have caused no shortage of problems for the Blues over the last few weeks. The German coach has been serving as a de-facto club spokesperson after being inundated with media questions about his future at Stamford Bridge since Roman Abramovich was hit with a number of debilitating sanctions in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The restrictions have left Chelsea unable to sell match-day tickets, merchandise or renegotiate contracts, while supporters will be prevented from attending games unless they are season ticket holders. The reigning European champions will also be forced to spend no more than £20,000 on travel to away matches as part of their licence to continue operating as a club.The current off-field situation is in stark contrast to Chelsea's on-pitch performances, though, with the Blues having won each of their last six games in all competitions. They progressed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League earlier this month and remain in with a shout of winning the FA Cup after securing a last-four berth at the expense of Middlesbrough on Saturday evening.Although Chelsea's ambitions of winning the Premier League title have been all but extinguished over the last few months, there are plenty of reasons to be cheerful at Stamford Bridge in spite of the off-field uncertainty hanging over the club. Tuchel delivered a positive verdict in his assessment of how things are going on Monday by insisting that his side are improving and will continue to get stronger until the end of the season. JUST IN: Newcastle target Arsenal, Chelsea and Man Utd stars in shortlist "At the moment we work hard for the luck and we always accept that luck is also needed if you want to have a streak of many wins like we have now, but the mentality is good, the quality is good and after the Club World Cup I felt there's more fluidity, more rhythm in training," the 48-year-old told the club website."The guys who did not play increase the level to an incredible level in training in the matchday plus one. From there I had a good feeling and I'm happy that I was right. We're getting stronger." Tuchel went on to urge his players to rest well over the international break in order to be at their very best when the Premier League returns next month. "It is very important that they take this possibility to come in with a fresh mindset for the last eight weeks of the season," he added."For the guys with international duties, I hope they have the success they want and come back not injured. Jorginho has an important match, so does Edou [Mendy], and I surely forget some other guys who play qualifiers for the World Cup so there is no break at all for them which is a bit concerning, but it's the way it is." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 