Mauricio Pochettino appears to be on the brink at Paris Saint-Germain and he is under no illusions that his side are scarred from their dramatic Champions League exit at the hands of Real Madrid. The Ligue 1 giants have been left to lick their wounds following their fourth defeat in six matches, concerning form that poses huge doubts over the future of Pochettino in the French capital. Having led 1-0 on the night and 2-0 on aggregate, PSG somehow suffered a monumental collapse at the hands of Los Blancos 11 days ago. Pochettino's players bounced back with a routine 3-0 victory over Bordeaux but on Sunday afternoon, they were once again humbled by Monaco. Wissam Ben Yedder was at the double for the hosts while Kevin Volland was also on target for the much-improved outfit. Now Pochettino has conceded that his dressing room is still suffering in the aftermath of their drastic Champions League exit - a result that could now have a huge impact on their season. READ MORE: Liverpool 'exploring Raphinha transfer' despite signing Luis Diaz due to Leeds clause “It’s clear that the Champions League has done a lot of damage," Pochettino told the media. "The team should clearly let go of all that. It’s stopping us from expressing our best productivity. "This international break should allow for a change in mentality and put us back to where we should be. "We have to come back with the responsibility that goes along with putting on this shirt.” Monaco were keen to show their ruthless streak in front of goal, netting three times from eight shots on target. PSG, however, were frustrated after failing to score from a staggering 13 attempts at goal. Pochettino was keen to point out that his side could have gone even further behind at the interval - labelling the first-half performance "unacceptable". “I’m disappointed with the way we started the game. It’s unacceptable," he added. "At this level, you can’t start a game the way we did. We can be happy going into half-time at only 1-0 down because they could have had two or three. "In the second half, it was better, we created chances but we paid for our first half. I think it’s really not acceptable to start a match the way we did.” Pochettino's long-term future at the Parc des Princes now looks bleak, particularly with Manchester United lurking in the background. His current contract runs until the summer of 2023 but should PSG fail to finish the season strongly, there is every chance the former Tottenham boss will be relieved from his duties.