Amazon Prime Video has finally released its first look at the long-awaited British remake of the hugely successful French Netflix series, Call My Agent. Starring Prasanna Puwanarajah, Maggie Steed, Jack Davenport and Lydia Leonard as a team of talent agents, they’ll also be running into some of the biggest names in UK television and cinema. TV fans were left ecstatic with the release of the new trailer for Ten Percent, which gave a sneak peek at some of the show’s exciting cameos. Helena Bonham Carter, Kelly MacDonald and Phoebe Dynevor are just some of the huge names who will be making an appearance in the upcoming comedy series. All eight episodes of Ten Percent will be dropping on Prime Video at the end of April. The series will follow a small London-based talent agency called Nightingale Hart as they try to adapt and survive in the constantly changing entertainment industry. READ MORE: Where is Bargain Hunt's Anita Manning from? When tragedy strikes the company, the team struggles to stay afloat while still dealing with their celebrity clients’ impossible demands. Several members of The Crown cast will be making an appearance, including Helena, Emma Corrin and Dominic West. Daphne Bridgerton star Phoebe Dynevor will also be making her first post-Bridgerton appearance after the second season of the steamy Netflix drama released in March. Also amongst the list of cameos are David and Jessica Oyelowo, Olivia Williams, Himesh Patel, Clemence Poesy and David Harewood. Fans of the original series and newcomers alike were thrilled to get their first look at the new comedy series, which is almost certain to become a major hit for Prime Video. On Twitter, Bridgerton fan @pdrjpgallery simply said of the trailer: “Phoebe. YES!!!” And Natalie Fisher exclaimed: “Jack Davenport?? Emma Corrin?? Phil Dunster?? Need NOW.” And Twitter user @UndesirableRay weighed in: “HELENA?! You have my attention.” DON'T MISS:The Walking Dead’s Norman Reedus pays emotional farewell to series [COMMENT]Gordon Ramsay on how Future Food Stars ‘disappointed’ him [INTERVIEW]Eloise Bridgerton husband: Who does Eloise marry? [SPOILERS] In the trailer, Helena clashes with the agents as she claims she and Olivia had been offered the same part. Meanwhile, Emma complains: “All the press can talk about is whether or not we’re having an affair.” Line of Duty star Kelly is seen showing her contempt for Prasanna by pouring a green smoothie over his head. As the original French series has become one of the most popular foreign language shows on Netflix UK, it’s no surprise to see its fans hope the remake lives up to the same standard. Cami replied: “I loved the French series! I hope #TenPercent will be at least as good as #CallMyAgent.” Although Redditor aduong said: “I didn’t know that it was going to be this much of a remake. “I thought that they were going to take the basic premise (top talent agency plus meta cameos) but do their own thing. This comes off incredibly cheap and useless.” Hopefully, the new adaptation can put its own stamp on the original premise, though fans of Call My Agent may have to settle in for more of the same when the UK series releases in April. Ten Percent will be released on Thursday, April 28 on Amazon Prime Video.