Andy Murray is reuniting with coach Ivan Lendl for the third time in his build-up to Wimbledon. The Czech-born American has inspired the Scot to the greatest achievements in his career in their first two spells together. Now the world No.84, who turns 35 in May, has agreed a deal to work with the eight-time Grand Slam winner again as he focuses on Wimbledon. Murray, who has a wildcard at the Indian Wells Masters next week, has decided to skip the French Open and the whole claycourt season to get ready for grass this summer. A statement from Murray’s 77 Sports Management company said: “Andy Murray and Ivan Lendl have agreed to begin working together again over the next few months. “They will spend several weeks together in the US after the Miami tournament on an extended training block, where Andy and the team will get ready for the grass season. “Andy will also look to appoint an additional coach, who will travel with him and work closely with Ivan.” Murray failed to win three matches in a single ATP Tour event this year and parted company with Jamie Delgado in December. He has since undergone trials with coaches Esteban Carrill and Jan De Witt.   The double Olympic champion reached the final in Sydney in January but has lost in the second round of his last four events starting at the Australian Open. He has now turned back to Lendl who he first appointed on December 31 2011 after losing his first three Grand Slam finals. Murray lost the 2012 Wimbledon final but went on to win his first Olympic title in London, the US Open and then Wimbledon in 2013. The pair split in March 2014 but got back together in June 2016 before Murray won his second Wimbledon and Olympic title and reached world No.1.   The pair split for a second time in November 2017 as the Scot struggled with a hip problem which saw him undergo two operations. He has not got beyond the third round in seven Grand Slams since. Murray sits on 699 ATP Tour wins and stated at the start of the season that reaching 700 career victories was one of his aims along with reaching 50 titles (he has 46) and going “deep” in another Major. And asked after his first round win in Dubai over Chris O’Connell last month why he keeps playing, the father-of-four said: “I have spoken to a lot of ex players. "A lot of them have said keep playing as long as you can. Nothing will replace it. Some obviously have maybe regretted stopping too soon. I still feel I can compete at the highest level.   "It is not easy, obviously. Physically it is very challenging for me but winning matches like that is obviously very satisfying.” Lendl worked with Alex Zverev for a year but split acrimoniously in July 2019. The German complained: “We talked about it and I told him to concentrate on tennis more. Sometimes we go to the tennis court, the training is two hours long, and for half-an-hour he stands with his back to me talking about the way he played golf the morning before.” 