Tottenham do not have an option to sign Philippe Coutinho at the end of the season, according to reports from Catalonia. The Brazilian magician joined Aston Villa on loan from Barcelona in the later stages of the January transfer window. He has hit the ground running at Villa Park, contributing four Premier League goals and three assists in eight appearances for Steven Gerrard’s side. It is a remarkable turnaround for a player whose form plummeted after Barcelona paid Liverpool an astronomical £142million for his services. However, shortly after his arrival at Villa Park, a series of strange, recurring stories claimed Tottenham had the same £34m buy-out clause as the Midlanders. These stories cropped up so many times that Catalan based outlet Sport, via Sport Witness,  proceeded to chase up those rumours with the club directly. JUST IN: Chelsea break silence on Roman Abramovich as they explain plan Sources from Coutinho’s parent club Barcelona claim no such purchase clause was agreed with Antonio Conte’s side before the Brazilian’s move to Villa. While the north Londoners’ interest in the Brazilian was noted in January, no understanding or agreement that offered the club the same rights as Villa were made. This would mean Tottenham would likely have to offer a huge transfer fee if they were to coax Coutinho from Barcelona. However, all of this would depend on Villa’s willingness to stump up the £34m buy-out clause to bring him to Villa Park permanently. DON'T MISSArsenal chief Edu decides on striker he will 'prioritise' signing in summer after PSG move [GOSSIP]Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta already has perfect captain choice ready to lead young duo[COMMENT]Chelsea given hope with American groups in three-way tussle after Abramovich sanctions [REPORT] According to the terms of the deal agreed between Gerrard’s and Xavi’s side, Coutinho will join the club if Villa match the clause. However, this does all depend on Coutinho also, as the Brazilian can opt out of a move to Villa if he decides the club is not for him. This could open up an avenue for Tottenham to make a move for him, but it would likely come at a great cost, particularly if his stellar form continues. While Coutinho fell by the wayside at the Nou Camp, his contract at the La Liga giants does not expire until the summer of 2023. Even though he will enter the final year of his contract at the end of the season, Barcelona will currently be free to name their price for any prospective club that is not Aston Villa. Furthermore, Gerrard recently stated Villa are yet to decide if they want to make his loan move permanent at the end of the season. Coutinho’s former team mate simply said now is not the right time to make a firm decision on the Brazilian. "When he's comfortable, he's happy and he's enjoying his football we all know we're dealing with a world-class talent," Gerrard said. "For me, it doesn't make sense to make any decisions now or say anything else on this. “We just need to keep enjoying him and keep him healthy from now until the end of the season."