Prince Harry and Meghan Markle welcomed their baby daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor in June 2021. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex paid tribute to their baby's great-grandmother by naming her after the Queen's childhood nickname, as Harry is known to adore his grandmother dearly. But it is thought that the youngest member of the Sussex family has not yet met the Queen in person, prompting many royal fans to wonder when the long-awaited meeting could take place.  The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is likely to include appearances from several members of the Royal Family this summer. The Queen celebrates an unprecedented 70 years on the throne this year, and the nation is marking the milestone with a bumper four-day bank holiday weekend in June. The celebrations will kick off on Thursday, June 2 with Trooping the Colour, the Queen's annual birthday parade, which traditionally sees members of the extended Royal Family gather on the Buckingham Palace balcony to waves at the crowds of London. As the Queen's grandson, Prince Harry and his family will likely be invited to join the festivities in June along with the rest of the Royal Family, but it is not clear yet if they will attend.  READ MORE: William issued warning by 'worried' Queen Prince Harry has brought a High Court legal challenge against the Home Office in relation to security, and he is offering to pay for his own police protection while visiting the UK. The Duke is arguing that his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information which is needed to keep his family safe. Introducing the case last month, Shaheed Fatima QC, for the Duke, said: "This claim is about the fact that the claimant does not feel safe when he is in the UK given the security arrangements applied to him in June 2021 and will continue to be applied to him." She continued: "It goes without saying that he does want to come back to see family and friends and to continue to support the charities that are so close to his heart.   "Most of all, this is and always will be his home." Harry and Meghan stepped down as working royals in March 2020, and since then the couple has spoken out about some of their negative experiences under the royal spotlight. Harry and Meghan's TV interview with Oprah Winfrey last year saw Harry and Meghan address some of their issues with members of the Royal Family to the world. DON'T MISS:Karren Brady on why 'contradictory' Meghan Markle gets criticised [INTERVIEW]Princess Eugenie found ‘comfort’ in Harry as Andrew faced legal case [INSIGHT]Prince Harry’s relationship with brother William ‘not recovered’ [ANALYSIS]   Meghan also alleged in the bombshell interview that there were "concerns and conversations" within the Royal Family about how dark their son Archie's skin would be before he was born. Since leaving the UK for a new life in the US two years ago, Harry has only returned to the UK on two known occasions, one being Prince Philip's funeral in April 2021. But given the significance of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, and Harry's close bond with his grandmother, the Sussexes could still decide to visit the UK for the event, meaning the Queen may finally get to meet her new great-granddaughter Lilibet. 