Vladimir Putin put his nuclear forces on high alert two days after launching his "special operation" into Ukraine on February 24. While he suggested he stands ready to unleash nuclear weapons on whoever were to interfere with his plans, former RAF officer Andrew Brookes suggested chemical weapons are more likely to be deployed. Mr Brookes noted Putin's proclivity to use non-conventional weaponry was the result of the West failing to intervene in the past, leaving the Russian president believing he would face no consequence for his actions. GB News host Alastair Stewart asked: "Do you fear that Russia will use chemical weapons, whether as a false flag operation or do you think he will listen to Johnson and others saying 'robust response?'" Mr Brookes said: "I don't think he will on chemicals. I think he will on nuclear. "I am a no-nuclear man and the deaths are horrendous. I don't think even a mad man would entertain that. "But chemicals, he's used them that's the trouble." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG He continued: "He's used them in Syria and, dare I say, we did nothing at the time to punish him for it. And he learned the lesson. "So yes, I think he holds it up his sleeve but I don't think he will use it because he thinks he's going to win. "In two, three weeks the sheer force of what he's throwing at it, without worrying about his own losses, will eventually crumble. "Not least because Ukraine will lose all its ports and the economy will be in ruins." READ MORE: Putin on brink: 'Symbolic' move to hammer in final nail of dictatorship: 'Massive impact' Linda Thomas-Greenfield, the US envoy to the United Nations, said on Friday Washington was "deeply concerned" that Russia called an emergency session as a "false flag effort" to lay the groundwork for its own use of biological or chemical weapons in Ukraine. Although Ms Thomas-Greenfield provided no evidence of an imminent Russian threat during the meeting, she said: "Russia has a track record of falsely accusing other countries of the very violations that Russia itself is perpetrating." "We have serious concerns that Russia may be planning to use chemical or biological agents against the Ukrainian people. DON'T MISS Musk humiliates Putin after Russia threaten to block US from old tech [REPORT] EU masterplan to CUT Russia's gas tipped to 'backfire' [INSIGHT] How to live longer: Scientists REVERSE ageing in elderly mice [REVEAL] "The intent behind these lies seems clear, and it is deeply troubling." She added: "We believe Russia could use chemical or biological agents for assassinations, as part of a staged or false flag incident, or to support tactical military operations." Moscow called the special meeting of the 15-member Security Council to renew claims that Ukraine ran biological weapons laboratories with US Defense Department support. Member countries branded the allegation "a lie" and "utter nonsense", using the session to accuse Russia of deliberately targeting and killing hundreds of civilians in Ukraine. Russia continues to deny targeting civilians in what they are still refusing to call an invasion, using the term "special military operation" instead.