  Former Brookside actress Claire Sweeney was left with no choice but to live off the proceeds from her Spanish villa sale after the pandemic hit her finances hard. The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant admitted that she earned under £5,000 last year as a knock-on effect of COVID-19.      Claire, 50, admitted she had to take drastic action when it came to money in a new interview. When the actress was asked about how much cash she earned last year, she replied: “Under £5,000. Our industry was decimated. “Thankfully I'd sold a house in Spain, in 2019, so I was blessed that I could sit it out comfortably. “It was a big house in Mallorca that I'd bought in 2004 for €690,000.” READ MORE: Will Smith issues apology to Chris Rock following behaviour at Oscars     The TV personality is mum to six year-old son Jaxon with her ex Daniel Reilly. Claire went on to confess that, while she found it devastating to part with the property, it was the best decision for her family. “It broke my heart to sell but it was in its own grounds, and my little boy didn't want that - he wanted to be with other kids." She added that she sold the property for €950,000, but had to pay Spanish and English taxes.      Claire shot to fame playing Lindsey Corkhill on Channel 4 soap Brookside between 1991 and 2003. She also came fifth in the first ever series of Strictly Come Dancing in 2004, when she was partnered with John Byrnes. In the end, the actress revealed she was able to get back "more or less what I'd put into” her villa. Claire even shared that she still likes to holiday in Mallorca, but with the less stressful option of renting. READ MORE... Jamie Lee Curtis, 63, oozes Hollywood glamour on Oscars red carpet [LATEST] Jada Pinkett Smith shares cryptic post after Will Smith's Oscars slap [INSIGHT] Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen bans visitors to Ravenseat Farm [NEWS]      She explained in her interview with the Sunday Times that it helped solve the "drama" of needing to change certain things in a permanent residence. After a tough time during the pandemic, it seems Claire’s luck is changing, as she has seen more work coming her way since restrictions were lifted. She is set to star in her own West End Show, Cabaret All stars, which she has described as “really raunchy”. This will not be the first time Claire takes to the stage, as the star has previously portrayed Roxie Hart in the musical Chicago on the West End in 2001.     In 2003, she starred in the world tour of the musical revue Fosse, and featured on the album Give Me a Smile by Carl Davis and the BBC Concert Orchestra. Claire has also enjoyed a number of presenting gigs of the years, including shows like ITV’s 60 Minute Makeover, BBC One’s Here Comes the Sun and Magic Radio’s series, Magic of the Musicals. Between 2003 and 2005, she regularly appeared as a panellist on ITV’s Loose Women and has returned as a guest several times since then. In July of last year, Claire also performed at G-A-Y alongside drag queen Veronica Green as part of the regular cabaret night “Defying Musicals”.  