The Club M savings account has been named as a “top pick” by Money Saving Expert founder Martin Lewis. As well as a top interest rate for savers, it also comes with the chance of getting your hands on £150 in free vouchers or fine wine. While the Bank of England's recent savings rate increase should have been good news for savers bank accounts have been slow to follow suit. Financial journalist Martin Lewis is encouraging anyone with a savings rate of 0.7 percent or lower to consider switching savings accounts. Among his recommendations on his MSE website, he names the Virgin M Plus Account which offers an attractive rate of 2.02 AER. However, there is a catch - the 2.02 interest rate is only available on the first £1,000 saved, after that it decreases to 0.35percent. READ MORE: Inheritance tax alert as Britons 'accidentally' give away thousands To make the most use of this £1,000 allowance savers could open a sole account as well as a joint account if they have a partner. As an added incentive new customers can choose from 12 bottles of Virgin wines or an Experience Days voucher worth £150 completely free of charge. The voucher can be used to pay for more than one experience and is valid for a full year after switching. Furthermore, it could also be great for people who travel a lot as the debit card offers fee-free spending and cash withdrawals abroad. DON'T MISSFury as over 60s to lose free prescriptions due to state pension rule [UPDATE]Pensioners could get up to £300 for heating bills [UPDATE]State Pension triple lock doomed as axing it will save £10 billion [WARNING] When it comes to travel abroad, customers might benefit from the Club M Account which comes with extra benefits but costs £14.50 a month. Frequent travellers would benefit from worldwide family multi-trip travel insurance which includes cover for winter sports and weddings. Included within the cost is breakdown cover and insurance cover for home gadgets. Individually these would usually add up to way more than £14.50 a month so it could be an option for families who typically need this cover.  Virgin Money first launched the packaged current account, Club M, in April 2021. Interest is calculated on a daily basis and paid on the last working day of the month. To apply for a new account, people can go onto the official Virgin Money website. They will have to answer a few questions.and use the Current Account Switching Service (CASS) to move their existing account over. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea How to open a Virgin Money account? Martin Lewis is the Founder and Chair of MoneySavingExpert.com. To join the 13 million people who get his free Money Tips weekly email, go to www.moneysavingexpert.com/latesttip