Crown Princess Victoria, Princess Madeleine and Princess Sofia posed for the group portrait wearing beautiful and very affordable dresses. Princess Sofia wore a blue midi dress by Swedish designer Stenströms. The ‘Arwen’ Silk Stretch Dress is available to purchase online for £399. The royal combined the look with Manolo Blahnik ‘Hangisi’ blue satin jewel buckle pumps. Crown Princess Victoria opted for a By Malina pink floral dress and white leather pumps by Gianvito Rossi. READ MORE: Aldi Specialbuys: The ‘secret sale’ for sold out items Princess Madeline of Sweden donned a beautiful Valentino pleated floral-print dress. Royal fans took to social media to comment on the Princesses' stylish looks. Instagram user @whitty.m said: "God they’re gorgeous." Royal watcher @asma_benyounes commented: "A very refined look."  Another royal fan, @niveen.beauty, said: "Silk is my fav. "Sofia is absolutely GORGEOUS in whatever she wears." Other pictures of the Princesses wearing glamorous dresses and tiaras were also taken as official portraits. Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden stunned fans as she recycled an H&M dress from the Conscious Collection. She combined the dress with the Napoleonic Cut Steel Tiara, a stunning diadem which features feather and flower motifs. Princess Madeleine recycled a beautiful pastel pink dress featuring a floral embroidery and a transparent bodice by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt. To accessorise the gown, Princess Madeleine wore the Modern Fringe Tiara. The Court Jeweller explained the Modern Fringe Tiara is "a classic, convertible piece" as it can be used as a tiara or worn as a necklace. Princess Sofia of Sweden opted for the Jeslyn Embroidered Illusion Gown which she also wore in 2018 at the Royal Palace in Stockholm. The beautiful purple dress featured a semi-transparent design and a floral pattern. Princess Sofia combined the gown with the Palmette Tiara, which was a present from her mother-in-law, Queen Silvia. This diamond tiara is a very special jewel for her as the royal wore it on her wedding day back in 2015.