BBC correspondent Quentin Sommerville spoke with Ukrainian soldiers fighting back Russians as he showed off the devastation left behind after huge fighting. Mr Sommerville noted how many Russian troops had been left dead frozen in the snow and spoke to Ukrainian soldiers who revealed the UK equipment they were using and where the nearby Russian forces were based. One soldier explained the Russians were fighting as if they were in the Second World War as he appeared to suggest they only fought on one front rather than a combined assault utilising different pieces of equipment.    Mr Sommerville toured the Ukrainian frontline and spoke with soldiers who were fighting there. He explained shelling happens every night and filmed a “confused” 76-year-old woman called Alina wandering aimlessly around the battlefield. He also spoke to a 21-year-old soldier about his fight and was told Russians were only 900m away from their current position as artillery fire could be heard echoing in the background. The BBC journalist was shown anti-tank weaponry donated by the UK Government and was told it was the “best” they had right now. Another soldier discussed Russian military tactics and said: “They are fighting like soldiers of 1941, they attack just in front. “They don’t do any [mortars], yes they have a lot of people, a lot of tanks, a lot of vehicles… but we fight in our land and we protect our families. “It doesn’t matter how they fight, we fight like lions and they won’t win.” Mr Somerville then walked across a battlefield and looked at several dead Chechen soldiers who were frozen in the snow.  Later on in his report, Mr Somerville remarked how the Russian tactic of bombing cities indiscriminately had been inspired by events in Syria. It is not the first time Russian tactics have been criticised and dissected. Footage shared by the Ukrainian Government Twitter account showed a group of Russian armoured vehicles being fired upon as they moved through the outskirts of Kyiv. The Russian forces were also engulfed in black and white smoke as they took incoming fire from a determined defender. The footage is believed to be from the Brovary area, northeast of Kyiv. DON'T MISS:Ukraine fears surge as Russian forces encircle ‘fortress’ Kyiv [UPDATES]Turkey: Erdogan tells Biden it is 'important' to maintain dialogue with [LATEST]Brexit Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg says Government must rethink fracking [ENERGY CRISIS]  War studies PhD candidate Rob Lee, who has been analysing footage from the conflict since its start, said of the strike: "Very poor tactics displayed by this Russian armoured force so close to Kyiv. "They're well within range of Ukrainian artillery in Kyiv, they're on an obvious avenue of approach, and they still decided to bunch up like this, leaving them more vulnerable to indirect fire." It is believed Russian forces are attempting to encircle Ukraine and lay siege to it to force the Ukrainians to bow to their demands. Russian tanks have already begun to move on to Kyiv after suffering several days of logistical failures and staunch defences. Cities like Mauripol in the south have been ruthlessly shelled by the Russians with hospitals being hit by the blasts. Kyiv residents have been digging trenches in the capital in preparation for the Russian attack on the city. 