The Spanish government initially imposed one of the most draconian COVID-19 lockdowns in Europe. Citizens were effectively barred from leaving their homes, with outdoor exercise banned and travel between provinces also prohibited. Spain’s tourism industry, which contributes around 12 percent of its GDP, also took a huge hit amid a sharp decline in visitors during the pandemic. He said: “Definitely we haven't seen a dent in appetite. We haven't had many UK buyers, but that's mainly logistical, because they couldn't get here. “Or if they could, they had to quarantine on the way back. “We've seen a really huge influx of UK clients since the restrictions have been lifted. “It’s like the Iron Curtain, they lifted those restrictions and it’s like ‘boom’.” Mr Neale, who has lived in Spain for 18 years, claimed that wealthy buyers in particular are continuing to invest their money in properties in the country. He said: “There's a lot more people with a lot of money, and the properties are selling very fast. “So, for example, a €9.5million (£8million) house came on the market two weeks ago, it's gone. “That would take two years before, not two weeks. So, there's clearly a lot of money in the market. “And because you know we've had this boom, there is a lack of product. “So, when something comes on that is good, it gets snapped up.” DON'T MISS: Poland’s surprise MIG-29 jet proposal deemed ‘untenable’ by Washington – ‘Inexplicable’ [LATEST]Putin troops in total morale collapse - soldiers shoot EACH OTHER for not killing innocent [INSIGHT]MH370 key detail found in plane's 'curious' satcom: 'Great significance' [ANALYSIS] Britons have historically made up the biggest group of foreign buyers in the Spanish property market. However, in the third quarter, they were supplanted as the largest cohort by the Germans for the first time. But the latest data from the Spanish Association of Registrars for the fourth quarter of 2021, shows a resurgence in Britons’ interest in Spanish real estate. UK and German buyers accounted respectively for 12.4 percent and 10.9 percent of the 17,800 foreign property sales in Spain from October to December last year. Mr Neale claimed the resurgence in interest for Spanish property could be part of a global trend as countries have emerged from lockdown. He said: “In the market that we operate, we've seen an enormous increase in sales. “It's become a bit of a seller's market really. “And the pandemic has just fuelled this property boom, which was surprising but it's worldwide, I think.”