As well as the ongoing energy crisis sweeping the country and significantly increasing the cost of living, the UK is now being faced with jumps in fuel prices, as rates hit an all-time high this weekend. Both petrol and diesel reached new record levels, with unleaded petrol costing 151.25p a litre and diesel almost 155p in some areas. RAC fuel spokesman Simon Williams said: “It’s truly a grim milestone that no one ever wanted to see.” He warned that fuel costs were likely to increase, with a possibility of topping 160p a litre in the coming weeks, exacerbating British living costs further. It’s been reported that prices have risen due to concerns over the crude oil and gas pipelines which travel through Ukraine and carry products from Russia. READ MORE: Dominic Raab refuses to rule out UK sending fighter jets to Ukraine   There is a risk of severe supply chain disruption if Russia retaliates to the Western-imposed sanctions and uses “oil as a weapon”. The sanctions target Russia’s finance, energy, and military-industrial sectors, as well as individuals, travel, and sporting events, and include actions such as cutting Russian banks from the Swift international payment systems and freezing the Russian government’s foreign assets. Kevin Wright, Lead Oil Analyst at commodities data and analytics platform Kpler, said: “The geopolitical situation of tension between Russia and the West will not dissipate easily, and crude prices will hold at elevated levels until there is a significant change in those tensions. The brent crude oil price has spiked to over $100 per barrel, due to fears over the availability of Russian crude oil in the weeks to come.  This hasn't happened since 2014, as Mr Wright continued: "Brent crude prices were close to $100 per barrel [in 2014] before a precipitous fall to below $50 per barrel in just a few months. Retail prices, however, did not breach the GBP 1.30 per litre level at that time." Express.co.uk asked Neil Jordan, Vice President of Logistics and Supply Chain at consultancy Proxima for his forecast on the current situation. He said: “While there is no shortage of fuel, supply chains rely on predictability and the ongoing conflict in Ukraine is causing prices to rise. “As deliveries are delayed, panic can set in around supposed shortages. The real concern is the inflationary impact.  DON'T MISS: President Joe Biden ridiculed for blunder during State of the Union [ANALYSIS]Lord Frost demands Boris Johnson rethink plans as he leads Tory revolt [BREAKING]‘Visibility below 50m’ as Britain engulfed with thick fog [INSIGHT]  “So far, we aren’t seeing astronomical rises and supplies at pumps remain steady. However, panic buying can lead to short-term shortages and result in soaring prices. “As consumers and businesses race to the pumps we can expect short-term shortages and price increases. Fuel prices will have a significant effect on inflation and ultimately this will flow through to retailers and manufacturers, pushing costs up along the supply chain. “The key going forward will be to increase production from Saudi Arabia. However, speaking on how long this price hike could last, Mr Jordan said: “The majority of our fuel does not come from Russia, and so the impact of the conflict on fuel prices should be short term as supply can increase from countries like Saudi Arabia - though this may take a couple of months.”  The positive message we can extract from this is that there is currently no petrol shortage in the in UK, as Mr Wright from Kpler continues: “While petrol supply in the UK is plentiful, the underlying crude oil price, driven by geopolitical tensions, is more significant than any real prospect of motorists not being able to fill up. “The UK is a net exporter or supplier to other countries, and in February total exports were 570,000 metric tonnes, significantly above the monthly average of 452,000 tonnes exported in 2021. “This does not point to a supply shortage in the UK.” 