Manchester United are now considering short-term options to become their next manager, according to reports. And it's emerged that Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti is one name in the frame, with the Italian's future at the Bernabeu far from certain. Ralf Rangnick was given the keys to the Red Devils earlier in the season following the dismissal of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, yet the German isn't expected to be a frontrunner for the job on a permanent basis. Manchester United gave Solskjaer a new contract last summer because they believed the Norwegian was on the right track when it came to bringing the glory days back to Old Trafford. However, he was axed in November after a 4-1 defeat to Watford with Rangnick then installed as his temporary successor. Though the 63-year-old has steadied the ship at United, results and performances have still left much to be desired. When it comes to the club’s next boss, Mauricio Pochettino and Erik ten Hag have been established as early frontrunners for the post. Pochettino is expected to leave Paris Saint-Germain come the summer, with Zinedine Zidane waiting in the wings to take over at the Parc des Princes. And Ten Hag is a candidate due to the excellent work he’s done at Ajax since taking over in Amsterdam five years ago. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Now, however, ESPN claim United are mulling over short-term options. And Ancelotti is one name in the frame, with Sir Alex Ferguson having a close ‘personal relationship’ with the current Real Madrid boss. United are still hopeful of making a long-term appointment at the current moment in time. Yet while Ferguson is an admirer of Pochettino, the Scot has also recommended Ancelotti should the Argentine prove to be a tricky appointment. The current Los Blancos boss is viewed as the type of coach who could be successful during a short stint because of his 'extensive experience in the Premier League and Champions League'. He’s also an attractive option because he’s coaxed the best from big dressing room egos throughout his career. DON’T MISS Arnold ready to bin off second Glazer policy at Man Utd Kylian Mbappe could give Tottenham glorious transfer chance Barcelona star De Jong ends Klopp transfer message Ancelotti is currently in charge of Real. But there have been murmurings he could lose his job at the end of the season if they fail to win the Champions League. Pochettino could take over in Spain, having been of interest to Los Blancos chief Florentino Perez in the past. And what ultimately happens remains to be seen. United aren’t expected to give Rangnick total control, with the German poised to move upstairs as a consultant instead. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking at a fans forum on Tuesday, meanwhile, United chief John Murtough opened up on their pursuit of a new boss. He said: "We are now conducting a thorough process for appointment of a new permanent manager who will take charge this summer, with the objective to get us back to challenging for those domestic and European titles.” As well as Ten Hag, Pochettino and now Ancelotti, several others have been linked with the United job. They range from proven candidates such as Roberto Mancini and Luis Enrique. And they’ve also been tipped to pursue the likes of Graham Potter and Brendan Rodgers as well.