NCIS has been on the small screen for almost two decades and shows no signs of slowing down anytime soon. The universe has most recently expanded with the introduction of NCIS Hawaii, starring actress Vanessa Lachey in the lead role of Agent Jane Tennant. Express.co.uk has a breakdown of how NCIS is linked to a number of shows in the CBS franchise. JAG was the 1990s legal drama with a US military theme, with officers investigating various crimes by Navy and Marine personnel. The backdoor pilot for NCIS aired as a two-parter in season eight which came out in 2003 with Special Agent Leroy Gibbs (played by Mark Harmon) looking into a murder of a lieutenant. These two JAG episodes also introduced the likes of original NCIS stars Agent Tony DiNozzo (Michael Weatherly), Abby Sciuto (Pauley Perrette) and Donald "Ducky" Mallard (David McCallum). Previous JAG characters have also been seen in NCIS and NCIS Los Angeles, including Lieutenant Colonel Sarah “Mac” MacKenzie (Catherine Bell) and Rear Admiral AJ Chegwidden (John M Jackson). READ MORE: GMB fans fume as Madeley asks Angela Rayner to define what a woman is Hawaii Five-0 had been on CBS for a decade and during this time, welcomed some agents from NCIS Los Angeles. In season two, Agent Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) paid a visit as Joe White (Terry O'Quinn) asked for her help in reviewing a video to do with a case. In the following series, there was a full-on crossover that saw Agent G Callen (Chris O'Donnell) and Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) travel to the island state. Moreover, Five-0 had another two-way crossover with the action-fiction series Magnum PI and a fourth with actors such as Daniel Dae Kim appearing in MacGyver. NCIS Los Angeles has been one of the dramas that has been at the heart of several crossovers, tying the shows together. Legend Part One was NCIS season six's 22nd episode and the spin-off backdoor pilot. After this, Abby, Tony and Director Leon Vance (Rocky Carroll) made semi-regular trips earlier on in the series to keep the shows connected. There have since been crossovers with Hawaii Five-0 and JAG with Chegwidden making around half a dozen appearances so far. Stars of Hawaii Five-0, including Alex O’Loughlin, Meaghan Rath and Katrina Law have all appeared in Magnum PI at one point or another. There have also been guest stars such as Dennis Chun as Sgt Duke Lukela, Kimee Balmilero as Dr Noelani Cunha and Shawn Mokuahi Garnett as Flippa. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [THEORY]NCIS fans rejoice as series confirms Kasie Hines romance [REACTION]Kasie Hines girlfriend: Who is Piper on NCIS? [CAST] MacGyver saw Angus MacGyver (Lucas Hill) getting assistance from Hawaii Five-0's Kono Kalakaua and Chin Ho Kelly. NCIS NOLA may now be residing in the CBS graveyard, but for seven series, it did see popular characters from the franchise show up from time to time. These included Ducky, FBI agent Tobias Fornell (Joe Spano) and CGIS Special Agent Abigail Borin (Diane Neal), just to name a few. Much like NCIS Los Angeles, NCIS New Orleans was introduced via a backdoor pilot on NCIS. In the early days of Scorpion in 2014, NCIS LA's Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) was called upon for help. She assisted Walter O'Brien (Elyes Gabel) and his team in going undercover in a bid to protect an art exhibit. The latest NCIS spin-off got its first crossover in season one's Starting Over when Agent Nick Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) and Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) temporarily joined forces with Agent Tennant.Actress Law also previously portrayed Quinn Liu in Hawaii Five-0 back in 2019. The NCIS franchise is available to watch on CBS in America with the original drama ready to watch on Disney+ in the UK. 