International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) chief Rafael Mariano Grossi insisted time has come for Russia and Ukraine to reach an agreement to avoid compromising key principles of safe nuclear power plant operations. The warning comes as the nuclear power station of Zaporizhzhia came under attack as Moscow forces launched a persistent shelling attack on the area in a bid to take over. Mr Grossi confirmed Russian soldiers were now effectively in control of the power plant, the second after taking over Chernobyl last week.  He said the aim of his update was not to urge mediation but to reach a compromise to ensure neither party compromised nuclear safety. The IAEA director said: "The physical integrity of the plant has been compromised with what happened last night. "We, of course, are fortunate that there was no release of radiation and that the integrity of the reactors in themselves was not compromised but yes, the plant in a wider sense was. "But we all agree on these principles, words must mean something and we have to act in consequence." READ THE LATEST UPDATES IN OUR RUSSIA-UKRAINE LIVE BLOG  Mr Grossi continued: "For us, the IAEA, it's time for action. We need to do something about this. "Ukraine sent a request for immediate assistance to us so, bearing in mind what's happening, and the risks that we may all incur if this all continues without an enhancement and without recommitment to these principles, I have indicated to both the Russian Federation and Ukraine my availability and disposition to travel to Chernobyl as soon as possible so that these seven crucial pillars are never again compromised. "The idea behind this initiative of mine is to agree on a framework and on a compromise that would commit to not compromise these principles we all subscribe to." The organisation's seven pillars are deeply rooted in technology transfer, safety, and safeguards. READ MORE: Putin's ex-spokesman stuns Ferrari with 'breathtaking' prediction of Ukraine's future Ukrainian authorities reported Russian forces captured the Zaporizhzhia plant after attacking it in the early hours of Friday, setting an adjacent five-storey training facility on fire. However, Moscow has blamed the attack on the plant on Ukrainian saboteurs. Since last week's takeover by Russian forces of Chernobyl - monitoring of radiation levels there has been more difficult, according to Kenji Nanba. The head of Fukushima University's Institute of Environmental Radioactivity said an official Ukrainian website with hourly radiation measurements from Chernobyl's exclusion zone had been down for days and that another site had gradually lost most of its real-time readings. DON'T MISS Putin blasts Ukraine Nazis in deranged rant but opens up on losses [REVEAL] Putin hid invasion plan from his OWN cabinet [INSIGHT] Five of the most powerful royal statements against Russia [REPORT] Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab said it was "doubly reprehensible" that Russian forces had continued to shell a nuclear site after Ukrainian emergency services had looked to put a fire out at Europe's largest power station. Mr Raab accused the Russians of inflicting a bombardment on a "very sensitive, precarious and dangerous facility" in Zaporizhzhia. He told Sky News: "The fact that the Russians kept on bombarding after there was the fire and the Ukrainian emergency rescue team were trying to get to that makes it doubly reprehensible." Mr Raab reiterated UN security council meeting being called for by Boris Johnson was needed to "ramp up the pressure on these appalling tactics we are seeing from the Kremlin".