Boris Johnson accused the Labour Party of repeatedly hitting out at proposals to work with more nuclear power. Mr Johnson insisted the Government's decision to invest more in alternative forms of energy had helped the UK be only slightly dependent on Russia-sourced gas over the years. He scoffed at Sir Keir Starmer questioning his party's strategy, noting he was "delighted" to not the Labour Party appeared to have changed its stance in light of the recent invasion of Ukraine.  The start of the war further deepened the ongoing energy crisis, with prices expected to rocket in the coming months as Europe seeks to put an end to its direct dependence on Moscow. Mr Johnson said: "It's thanks to the policies this Government has pursued that we actually only are dependent of Russian gas for three percent of our gas needs unlike virtually any other European country. "It's thanks to the massive investment we've had in renewables that we are the Saudi Arabia of wind power, producing more off-shore wind than virtually any other country in the world. "By the way, I think he just committed – this might come as news to some of his party – to supporting more nuclear power." LIVE BLOG -'This is the damage YOU did!' Boris skewers Keir after attack on energy bills He continued: "Great news. There is more joy in heaven over one sinner that repented than over 100... "Those were the people who cancelled our nuclear efforts in the time they were in power. They did completely the wrong thing. "I'm delighted to welcome them now into the fold." Sir Keir had earlier accused Mr Johnson of "protecting energy profits, not working people". READ MORE: 'Pumps won't cool!' Urgent nuclear warning after Russia sparks total blackout at Chernobyl The Labour leader said: "We need to improve our long-term energy security. That starts with supporting new nuclear and renewables. "But the Conservatives have effectively banned new onshore wind - as a direct result of the short-sighted approach we are using more gas every year, so we import from Russia. "That is ludicrous, so will the Prime Minister relax planning laws, end the block on onshore wind, and stop supporting policies that make us so dependent on foreign gas?" DON'T MISS: Indian doctor refuses to leave panther and jaguar behind in Ukraine [VIDEO]Priti Patel accused of 'misleading Commons' over Calais chaos [INSIGHT]Michael Portillo savages EU 'Made themselves dependent on Russia' [COMMENT] The Labour leader also insisted his party is pro-nuclear, saying: "This Prime Minister can't get a single brick laid for a new nuclear plant. Energy security isn't just about supply, it's also about reducing demand." Sir Keir pressed the Prime Minister to do more to improve energy efficiency of properties, saying the Government's existing "failed policy" would take "75 years to deliver the upgrades we need". Mr Johnson replied: "Under the Labour government, our nuclear output fell from about 25 percent to about 10 percent of our energy need, as I recall. It was because of the decisions that they took. "We're now going to rectify it and we're helping households with the cost of energy bills to the tune of £9.1 billion."