  Cricket legend Shane Warne died yesterday following a suspected heart attack in Thailand. Tributes have since been pouring in for the late star, and long-time friend Piers Morgan singled out one in particular that he deemed to be “brilliant”.       Flowers and other tributes to Shane have been left outside Melbourne Cricket Ground after the star died yesterday at the age of just 52. Piers took to Twitter, where he shared a picture of one fan’s rather unusual gift to the late sports star with his 7.9 million followers. He wrote: “Amid all the flowers left by Shane Warne’s statue ⁦@MCG… “One fan left a beer can, meat pie & packet of cigarettes. Brilliant,” he added with clapping emojis. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen trying to 'stay upbeat' in sad update     The shocking news of Shane’s death prompted an outpouring of grief from fans, with many leaving cards and flowers at a statue to Shane at his former club overnight. However, this particular ode to Shane really stood out as a cheeky homage to his famed party lifestyle. Piers’ post really seemed to divide fans, with some suggesting the tribute was inappropriate. Amandeep Stevens wrote: “Not sure how appropriate that is for a guy that's had a heart attack."       Janet Harris asked: “The three things that can lead to a heart attack - really what is the point of leaving those?” Tim Nosredlob added: “The three things that likely killed him. Genius.” While Merlin Ward penned: “Smoking kills... Smoking causes strokes, cancer, and heart attacks. “I'm very sorry that such a remarkable person has died and left a young family.  Everyone should read the warning on the pack of cigarettes.” READ MORE... ‘Doesn’t do it for a Range Rover’ James Martin defends Amanda Owen [NEWS] Charlie Sheen apologised to Shane Warne for Liz Hurley admission [LATEST] Michael Douglas reflects on tragedy as he issues career update [UPDATE]      However, others felt that the late cricketer would have appreciated the sentiment. “Seemed like a top top bloke who'd enjoy a meat pie and a beer,” wrote Zane Groves. While Jo Byrom commented: “That made me laugh out loud!! Very apt tribute! Shane would have loved it I’m sure.” “That guy gets it... Rest In Peace mate,” Kyle Austin added. (sic)     Shane was said to have been enjoying a 'lads' holiday' in Koh Samui when friends found him unconscious in a villa at the resort yesterday. The former Australia leg-spinner suffered a suspected heart attack and the world has been coming to terms with the loss of one of sport’s greatest figures. Shane took 708 test wickets, the second-highest ever, in 145 matches across an illustrious 15-year international career. He also claimed 293 wickets in one-day internationals and played a part in helping Australia win the World Cup in 1999.  