The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined with the rest of the Royal Family in their last royal outing before Megxit at the Commonwealth Day Service in 2020. Just weeks before the event, the couple had announced they would soon leave the UK and quit the Firm. Meghan Markle arrived at the service at Westminster Abbey, which is said to be a highlight in the Royal Family's calendar, wearing an elegant green dress paired with a matching cape. The dress, which was created by designer Emilia Wickstead, started to blow in the wind as the Duchess left the Abbey. Christine Ross, who edits the blog Meghan's Mirror, claimed Ms Markle wore the outfit to send a secret message about a "complicated" relationship she had. Speaking to the Mirror's royal podcast 'Pod Save the Queen', Ms Ross suggested the dress choice was a clear signal to the designer. JUST IN: Prince George's godmother says their close bond is a 'lovely way' of honouring Diana She said: "One of the most iconic looks is going to be her green Emilia Wickstead cape dress. "That cape blowing in the wind as she walked into the church and then walked out of the church, which was such an emotional moment for so many people as it was their last formal engagement as royals. "That green dress will stand out in history books I think." However, in explaining the relationship between Ms Markle and Ms Wickstead, the blog editor pointed out how the designer had said the Duchess' wedding dress was "simple". But this comment was said to have been taken slightly out of context. Ms Ross said: "It was a pull quote from a larger interview, she really didn't say anything negative. "People thought Emilia Wickstead had really wronged Meghan, and it turned out that Emilia Wickstead hadn't wrong Meghan, it was a pull quote. "Maybe a month or so later Meghan actually wore a custom Emilia Wickstead dress, and that situation shows the power of Meghan's fashion choices. "She was able to say with this fashion choice, 'Emilia Wickstead and I are great'. "'We're on great terms, that whole thing was a huge misunderstanding and look at the lovely dress she designed for me'." DON'T MISS 'From horror to fantasy': Rebel Wilson's cheeky Harry and Meghan quip [REVEAL] Prince Harry's security demands assessed: 'Wrong direction' [INSIGHT] ‘As goofy as ever!’ Prince Harry enjoys ‘banter’ in latest video [ANALYSIS]