Country singer-songwriter Jeff Carson had wowed the world with award-winning singles such as The Car which earned him his first ever accolade from the Academy of Country Music for Video Of The Year. He had a successful recording career before going to become a policeman - and now his tragic and sudden death has devastated many. Mixing a chart-topping singing career with one in law enforcement might have seemed like an unlikely combination, but to his many admirers, Jeff Carson had it nailed. Fans had been eagerly awaiting a new album for 2022, which he was creating while still in the police force, though his efforts in the studio were tragically cut short. The star was born Jeffrey Lee Herndon in Tulsa, Oklahoma back in 1963. He initially became a much-loved character on the church choir scene, before forming his own band in Rogers, Arkansas. READ NOW: Sally Nugent 'stopped in tracks' over BBC Breakfast admission He then moved to Branson, Missouri, where he wrote country songs and performed locally. He followed his early career beginnings by moving to country music capital Nashville in Tennessee and recording demos for the greats of the industry - Tim McGraw, Faith Hill and Reba McEntire among other artists. By 1995, he had accepted a music contract with Curb Records and shortly afterwards released his own debut single, Hey Buddy. Throughout the course of his career, he won a space on the Billboard chart no less than 14 times, including for hits such as Not On Your Love. Katherine Ryan baffled why people are 'aggravated' by Meghan Markle [LATEST] The Franklin Police Department with whom he had served for years, publicly honoured him via Twitter, thanking him for sharing his "life of service and song". The force added appreciatively he had changed "everyone he met for the better". The late star is survived by his wife Kim Cooper Carson and son Dayton Grei Herndon Carson. He also leaves behind his mother Virginia Norton, brother Steve Herndon and sister Karen Spurlock, plus other extended family. The devoutly religious singer was known for his Christian messages, and even covered a Christian pop single, I Can Only Imagine by MercyMe, in 2013. His death came as a surprise due to widespread belief that he had been in good health until now. Other than a broken vertebra sustained in a sledding accident back in 2002, there had been no news of any injury or illness for the star. However fans feel certain that his musical legend will live on forever.