Royal style icon Princess Diana loved to wear the beloved Spencer tiara, which belonged to her family. She even wore this precious piece of jewellery at her wedding to Prince Charles. The Spencer tiara was assembled by Garrard in the 1930s from several gifts that had been bestowed upon the Spencers. This was primarily the central floral piece which was given as a present to Lady Cynthia Hamilton on her wedding to the future 7th Earl Spencer, Diana's grandfather. Founded in 1735, Garrard has been making precious, bespoke jewellery for nearly three decades, and was even the Crown Jeweller between 1843 and 2007. Princess Diana’s engagement ring was featured in Garrard’s jewellery catalogue, retailing at £47,000, much to the dismay of the monarchy. READ MORE: Key difference between Princess Charlotte and her brothers highlighted  Diamond expert Maxwell Stone stated that the Royal Family “didn't want Diana to have a ring that was also available to the public”. While not royalty, the Spencer family were an important aristocratic family, with two prominent members being Princess Diana and Winston Churchill. The spectacular Spencer tiara made a ground-breaking appearance at Lady Diana’s wedding to Prince Charles on July 29, 1981. It was catapulted into the public eye and got major exposure, with nearly one billion viewers tuning in from 74 countries to watch the pair tie the knot. DON'T MISS She lay this atop her 153-yard tulle veil and ivory silk taffeta and antique lace gown. But while Diana’s wedding was the Spencer tiara’s most famous appearance, it had already been worn two times previously. In April, 1978, Lady Jane Spencer wore the tiara for her wedding to Robert Fellowes, and in May, 1980, Lady Sarah Spencer wore it when she married Neil McCorquodale. So, what does this iconic tiara look like and how much is it worth? The Beau Monde stated: “The headpiece eventually consisted of stylised diamond flowers, foliage and a heart shaped central element, all set in silver and gold.” Maxwell Stone observed: “Based on the selling price of a similar Spencer family tiara, I'd estimate this piece to be worth around £400,000. “With its incredible detail and the high-quality diamonds, not to mention its popularity, this is no doubt a very valuable heirloom.” Princess Diana borrowed the Spencer tiara on several occasions, namely at a State Reception in Australia during a royal tour in 1983, and at a banquet given by the President of India in 1992.