Gordon Ramsay is a British chef who often shares his cooking tips and tricks with fans. He has many Sunday roast recipes on his website and in his cookbooks, including how to make roast potatoes. Gordon Ramsay has revealed the best and easiest way to cook roast potatoes. If following his recipe, foodies will end up with potatoes which have “crispy, golden outsides” and “fluffy” insides. His recipe serves four to six people. Gordon also outlined that the whole preparation and cooking process should only take an hour, or less. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans share 2p trick to get rid of limescale on taps Ingredients 1.2kg floury potatoes, such as Maris Piper or King Edward 100g goose or duck fat (or olive oil) Two tbsp semolina Two garlic cloves Few rosemary sprigs Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper DON'T MISS:Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean floor tile grout [SOCIAL]'Blown my mind': Cleaners go wild for baking soda trick to clean a pan [EXPLAINER]‘Dust doesn’t stick to them’: The 25p skirting board cleaning hack [ANALYSIS] Method First, preheat the oven to 200°C, fan 180°C, or gas number six. Peel the potatoes and chop them into large chunks before placing them in a large saucepan of cold salted water. Bring the saucepan to the boil and simmer for about six minutes. Meanwhile, add the goose fat, duck fat, or oil to a large roasting tray. Next, place the roasting tray in the oven to heat up. Drain the potatoes in a colander and give them a shake to fluff up the edges. Sprinkle some semolina on top of the potatoes while shaking them again. Leave the garlic cloves whole, but crush them lightly with the back of your hand or the flat side of a large knife. Next, add the potatoes to the hot tray along with the garlic and the rosemary. Shake the tray to coat the potatoes in fat and spread them out in a single layer so they can cook evenly. Roast them for 40 to 45 minutes, turning them every 15 minutes until they are crisp and golden brown. Season with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper to serve. To ensure a crispy outside and a fluffy inside to your potatoes, Gordon advised: “Shaking up the edges, coating in semolina and getting the fat really hot first all help ensure crispy, golden outsides while the middles remain fluffy.” For a different flavour combination, the chef recommended swapping the garlic and rosemary for something spicier – toss the potatoes with half a teaspoon of turmeric and a pinch of chilli flakes before roasting.