He wanted an end to “myopia and short-termism” but he couldn’t answer a straight question about fracking, even though more gas is self-evidently a solution to a crisis caused by a shortage of gas. He wanted cheaper energy but his claim that offshore wind is nine times cheaper than gas is untrue. It applies only to a small number of the newest sites, if honouring their contracts, and then only if we ignore their connection and backup costs, which currently means burning gas! The real story for most renewables is one of charging gas prices and demanding subsidies on top. He did nothing to prevent this windfall for wind power and made no apology today. His central pitch was “go nuclear, go large, and go with Sizewell C!” Nuclear in principle is brilliant. It provides baseload – the "always-on" power needed to match our basic needs. Nuclear, in practice, is always over-budget and overdue. The Government’s impact assessment suggested Hinkley Point would cost £68bn-£120bn and Sizewell C would take 14-17 years to deliver. Both are based on the failed technology of EDF, a French company managing a corroding fleet of old stations, over half of which are offline, and new stations so flawed that nobody outside Britain wants to buy them. They’re bankrupt, being nationalised, and suing the French government. That is the model Boris wants us to copy. He has a point about small modular reactors, promising eight, at one a year in the 2030s. But 40-50 would be required to meet our needs today and 2-3 times more if the Government is successful in electrifying heat and transport. On top of this, we need unpredictable quantities of wind, hydrogen, gas with Carbon Capture Storage, batteries and grid technology to link it all together. No one really knows where this will land, or how our energy needs will change in response to higher prices and new industries. Mr Johnson’s main error is a belief politicians can choose the future. A long-term plan for a fixed number of installations is out of date the minute it is printed. The promises required to fund it mean we decarbonise expensively and insecurely by undermining competition and taking on investor risks. A better plan would be to aim for consistent competitive carbon pricing, letting markets deliver the best climate solutions first. It would involve not banning things we might still need, such as gas boilers and petrol cars, but ensuring they are replaced with better options. Boris Johnson in office didn’t understand. He preferred to make speeches at conferences to signal his good intentions. In his leaving, nothing has changed.