Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services, says the nation should prepare for scattered thunder and lightning across much of England from Sunday, September 4 into Monday, September 5. His prediction comes after the Met Office warned of gales, strong winds and prolonged downpours for a period of more than a week. And it seems next Monday is the crunch day for when the seasons will change, with more autumnal conditions will be felt nationwide. Mr Dale told Express.co.uk: “There is a big change in sentiment.  “Sunday into Monday doesn’t look too clever, but I can only see scattered thunderstorms (almost anywhere) but the winds will also be strong in the north and west in particular. “It’s nothing over the top, but it does mark the change in season for sure.” Maps show a low pressure system circling in the Atlantic from tomorrow (September 2) which will be responsible for the downward spiral of temperature drops, heavy rain and thunderstorms. In NetWeather’s 10-day outlook for London and the south east, it gives a 57 percent storm risk for Monday, September 5.  The risk remains somewhat high, in the 50 percent region, for much of next week. Senior forecaster for NetWeather, Jo Farrow, spoke about the unsettled weather to come in the next few days. She said: “Atlantic low pressure moves over Ireland, there will be bands of rain from the west and southwest but still gaps and shelter. “Northern Ireland and SW Scotland look to see heavy and persistent rain, although it is eastern Scotland needing the downpours.  READ MORE: Met Office forecast: Storm alert as weather map shows swirling jet “There is rain in the forecast for Friday and the weekend with the risk of heavy downpours, even torrential thundery ones with flooding. “At this stage, there is uncertainty about how the low pressure will swing down the eastern Atlantic and interactions from continental Europe.” The Met Office has now issued a yellow weather warning for three regions across Northern Ireland and Scotland over a 24 hour period this Saturday, September 3. But the unsettled period will not last for too long, with temperatures looking set to recover by the end of the month.  DON'T MISS: 'That's his playbook!' Boris to follow predecessor's guide to comeback [REVEAL]Gove tipped to QUIT as an MP with crunch by-election alert sounded [REPORT]Beijing blasts 'irresponsible' Truss over plan to declare China threat [INSIGHT] Mr Dale said next week will, however, mark the start of “differing weather profiles”, which is somewhat indicative of a transition into autumn on September 22. He added: “I think we will bounce in and out of differing weather profiles over the month.” Forecasts also suggest the mercury will heat back up again, something which Mr Dale is not ruling out. “No spikes yet but give it a week or so,” he added. Weather maps show northern France heating again towards the middle of September with the south east of England seeing highs of around 23C. France currently is still experiencing highs of 27C to 30C, but its mercury will sit at 26C by the middle of the month, with only some heat radiating across the English Channel. 