Despite appointing all fourteen of her previous Prime Ministers are Buckingham Palace, the palace has confirmed that the Queen will appoint the new Prime Minister in Balmoral. The Queen will break royal tradition and welcome in the new Prime Minister, either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak, on September 6 in Scotland. Speaking on 7news, Europe correspondent Sarah Greenhalgh discussed the Queen's royal snub, reporting from outside Buckingham Palace. Ms Greenhalgh said: "The last time that we saw the Queen publicly was six weeks ago. "On July 21, she was spotted at Aberdeen airport. "[She was] heading off on her traditional summer break at Balmoral." She added: "The other thing that this shows is that, at 96 years of age, she still has this tenacious determination to carry out her constitutional duties. READ MORE: Prince William and Prince Harry rebuked as Diana's butler slams feud 'Wouldn't be proud' "She is still appointing this Prime Minister, it's just happening in a different location." "Hopefully, once she gets these official duties out of the way on Tuesday, she can go back to having a rest, and a break, at Balmoral, where she has also been visited by members of the family." As well as the newly-appointed Prime Minister, Boris Johnson will also head to Scotland to meet with the Queen. It is understood the change in location was made to prevent the need for any last-minute rearrangements due to the Queen's ongoing mobility issues. READ MORE: Meghan Markle vindicated? Mystery deepens over Mandela remark with unearthed clip On Wednesday, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said: "The Queen will receive Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday, September 6 at Balmoral, followed by an audience with the new PM." It has been a long-observed tradition that the monarch meets and appoints the Prime Minister to lead Her Majesty's Government. The new leader will be the Queen's 15th Prime Minister during her 70-year reign. The Queen has faced mobility issues for some time, and has often been seen out on royal engagements with a walking stick for support. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL] The 96-year-old has been forced to miss out on various duties in recent months, due to her ongoing ill health. In May, she was absent from the State Opening of Parliament. It was only the third time in her seven-decade reign that she had missed the event. Her eldest son, and heir to the throne, Prince Charles stepped in to represent his mother. READ NEXT: