Jane McDonald spoke candidly about the death of her fiancé Eddie Rothe who died in June 2021 after a battle with lung cancer. The singer and TV presenter admitted when her partner died she felt he "took our future". Jane, 59, opened up to her pal and former Loose Women co-star Kaye Adams on the How To Be 60 podcast about love, loss and life after her long-term partner Ed's death. She also talked about taking an extended break from touring as she begins to slow down in her later years. The singer revealed her best friend Sue Ravey moved in to her Wakefield home as she struggled to live alone following her beau's death. Speaking about her decision, Jane said: "You know, when you're on your own, there's, there's always that the wee small hours in the morning where everything seems a lot worse than it actually is. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen dons tiny skirt for family walk "And if I wake up and I'm in a bad way, I know that Sue's just down the hall a bit. And I can get up and say can you have a cup of tea with me? She'll probably kill me if I do that. "But you know, sometimes it's just knowing that someone else in the house and we've both got that now." Jane's best friend and former backing singer Sue has since moved in with the star in her bungalow. The 71-year-old met Jane on the working men’s club circuit when the pair were both working as singers and represented by the same agent, according to reports.  The pair were in their early twenties at the time and it was during that time Jane shot to fame with her first appearance on BBC One’s The Cruise. Sue then became Jane’s backing singer which meant the pair could travel together around the world. Meanwhile, the Channel 5 star also opened up about coping with the grief of losing her other half and admitted she is in a better place over a year on. She said: "I'm a lot better than when I was on Loose Women. I can talk about him now and just feel great that I had that amazing time with him. And it's funny, we should talk about retiring because he retired at 59. DON'T MISS... Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen dons tiny skirt for family walk[LATEST]Cate Blanchett, 53, stuns in skin-tight leather trousers in Venice[PICTURES]Liz Hurley, 57, put on an eye-popping display at Elton John's home[INSTAGRAM] "And said, I promise you when you get to this age, you'll see a difference. And I have. So we had lots of plans." She added: "And I think that's part of grief as well is that you go through the normal grief and the terrible, terrible time and then you grieve the life that you thought you were gonna have." The on-screen star admitted it she was in left in "shock" when her partner suddenly became ill and it has made her think about her own mortality. Jane commented: "It's a shock when your partner becomes ill. And it's just a shock to your system completely. "And I think it's made me realise actually, how many summers have we got left. And I want to do so much. I want to go on holiday, instead of filming one. "I want to you know, I want to write, I want to be creative. I want to have time in my lovely home. You know, and I want to be here for my family." The singer also opened up about taking some time away from the spotlight and announced she won't be touring in the next two years. Kaye Adams: How to be 60 is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify and all good podcast platforms 