Series guest star Annie Wersching will be making her long-awaited return to The Rookie this month, having failed to make an appearance throughout the entire fourth season and most of season three. John Nolan (played by Nathan Fillion) and the NYPD will have their work cut out for them when Rosalind Dyer escapes to wreak more havoc, and fans of the ABC drama can’t wait for the carnage to begin. The Rookie could have a significant body count by the end of its fifth season. New episodes are set to begin later this month, and a new teaser trailer has confirmed the return of a major recurring villain. Rosalind already has a dark history with a number of cops, including corrupt detective Nick Armstrong (Harold Perrineau) and Lucy Chen (Melissa O'Neil), who nearly became another one of her victims. It now appears she’ll escape from her incarceration, and could very well go after another officer of the law. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash The voiceover in the new trailer confirms: “Rosalind Dyer, a female serial killer, is going to complicate all of our lives.” John and Rosalind curtly greet each other, before Rosalind promises: “People are gonna die. And you won’t be able to save them.” The trailer then flashes several Rookie regulars - Rosalind’s potential victims - before the killer is seen getting her handcuffs removed and a female scream cries out. In the next scene, John races through a corridor, exclaiming: “Rosalind, she’s trying to escape. We need to lock this place down!” Fans were thrilled to see Rosalind’s case reopened, but are understandably anxious about what it could mean for John and his crew. When The Rookie returns, John is riding high after his heroic stand-down on the border and will have his pick of any assignment in the NYPD. Unfortunately, the team could be severely weakened if one of them gets in the way of Rosalind’s escape plan. Viewers have now predicted a tragic fate for fan-favourite couple "Chenford", Lucy and Tim Bradford (Eric Winter) after their steamy undercover practice last season. DON'T MISS:The Capture star teases complex relationship with DI Carey [EXCLUSIVE]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [INTERVIEW]Bad Sisters’ Sarah Greene details ‘biggest challenge’ of the series [INSIGHT] On YouTube, Elan Morin Tedronai predicted: “Rosalind will target Lucy. “By doing that, she will complicate things for Tim, who will be forced to accept his feelings for Lucy at the end of the season. Or I'm quitting this show, haha!” And commenter Antoine Gamble simply asked: “Oh s**t, who's dying this season?” While Twitter user @trackersnips speculated: “Not to sound farfetched, but what if Rosalind targets more than one person to gain Chenford's attention and lure them into a trap?” “Tamara from Lucy's side and Genny from Tim's side can become potential ones for Dyer since both characters have importance to Lucy and Tim and are family.” It has yet to be confirmed whether Rosalind will be causing chaos in just one episode of the new season, or will return as a recurring threat over the course of the next run. Whatever the case, she is certainly one of John’s most ruthless enemies yet and could cause some serious damage if her escape goes as planned. The Rookie season 5 premieres Sunday, September 25 on ABC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.