Research by property loan experts Buzz Capital calculated the disparity between average house price and the average salary for 50 cities across England. According to their data, Carlisle is the cheapest UK city to reside in, whereas Bradford has the smallest disparity between property cost and average yearly salary. On average, Bradford employees receive £31,700 per year from work. This is 22 percent of the average property price, which is £143, 960. Stoke-on-Trent, Carlisle, Derby and Kingston upon Hull also appeared in the top five. In the past year, the average cost of a UK property has increased by an enormous 10 percent, according to The Office for National Statistics. With a cost of living crisis looming, many would-be first-time buyers are avoiding stepping onto the property ladder, preferring to rent their homes.  With renting costs across Britain at a record high, it may not be the most sustainable option. House prices in Carlisle are the cheapest in the UK with property costing, on average, £143,958. Carlisle, which is over 2000 years old, boasts two areas of outstanding natural Beauty and one World Heritage Site. Home to Hadrians Wall, Carlisle Cathedral and a wealth of museums, Carlisle is regarded as something of a jewel in the North West. READ MORE: Energy-efficient: Smart homes could save owners hundreds on bills For those looking for history, Carlisle might be the city for them. The castle, which is over 900 years old, was once a principle fortress, a guardian over England’s north-western border with Scotland. It has braved more sieges than any other structure in the British Isles. A traveller on Tripadvisor commented: “When in Carlisle walk through the city centre to the cathedral and castle. You might only have enough time for a short visit to either. It is an attractive city with a distinctly Scottish/English border identity.” John wrote: “I’m going to stick my hand up now and say I really love Carlisle. Usually it’s a city that people pass through on their way to the Lake District or to Southern Scotland, but there are loads of things to do in Carlisle to keep you busy for days and the views are spectacular.” James46712 replied: “One of the best things to do at Carlisle Castle is to climb up to the ramparts and take in the stunning views all around. You can also wander through the dungeons and learn all about the history of the castle too. Beware: it gets pretty gruesome down there.” DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [COMMENT]Use apple cider to get rid of ivy - ‘works the best’ [TIPS] Bradford came in at a close second. The city is renowned for its affordable properties, making it the ideal destination for first time buyers or those on a budget. Bradford, where the average property price is just £143,960, is the second cheapest UK city to move to. This city is a beautiful and tranquil spot, home to some historic and cultural buildings, such as Bolling Hall and Bradford City Hall, each with their own stories and unique place in history. On Tripadvisor, user Joe G said Bradford is a “fascinating” city with “amazing architecture” that should be explored. He wrote: “I lived in Bradford for around 35 years after moving there because I loved it so much when I visited a friend at Uni there. It is a fascinating city with amazing architecture, great museums and galleries set in wonderful countryside.” READ MORE: Prince Charles says Transylvania is 'in my blood' - inside secret home Victoria agreed: “The city has a wealth of interest and beautiful countryside within its border. The light show at City Park is well worth seeing if it is operating at the moment.” Janice pointed out: “There are excellent walks along the canal, around Roberts Park and up into Shipley Glen from Saltaire. Unmissable in my book though definitely not gritty.” Traveller familytraveller155, who recently visited Bradford suggested: "Head out to Ilkey or if it's a nice evening Bingley and walk along the canal by the Five Rise Locks.” Taking the third place is Stoke-on-Trent, in central England, with an average house price of £147,697. Stoke-on-Trent is a city comprising six towns. Hanley is at the centre, supported by the towns of Burslem, Tunstall, Longton, Fenton and the original Stoke-on-Trent. Otherwise known as ‘The Potteries’, the city was once the home of a major ceramics industry. Today it is a popular home for commuters and families looking to get value for money. 1. Carlisle 2. Bradford 3. Stoke-on-Trent 4. Kingston upon Hull 5. Sunderland 6. Doncaster 7. Preston 8. Lancaster 9. Liverpool 10. Derby