Bill Turnbull has died at the age of 66, following his five-year long battle with prostate cancer. The journalist was best known for presenting BBC Breakfast until 2016 and most recently, his shown on Classic FM. Today, his former "TV wife" Susanna Reid, 51, told fans she was "heartbroken" to learn about his death. Taking to Twitter, she wrote: "Bill was the kindest, funniest, most generous man in the business. I feel lucky to have worked with him and he taught me everything. "But above all, he was devoted to his family and I am heartbroken for them. RIP Bill. We will miss you so much." Bill and Susanna presented BBC Breakfast together before her departure in 2014. Two years later, the former announced he will also be stepping down. READ MORE: Mike Bushell pays emotional tribute to Bill Turnbull 'Owe him so much'   Dan Walker, who took over from the presenter on the BBC show in 2016, also wrote on Twitter: "Bill Turnbull was so kind and generous when I took over from him on BBC Breakfast. "He was full of brilliant advice and it was clear just how loved he was by his colleagues and the audience. "It was an honour to sit on his sofa. My thoughts are with his family and friends."   Louise Minchin, who left the show last year, shared various memories from her time with Bill and their colleagues on the famous red sofa. She penned: "Sending my love and thoughts to the family of my wonderful friend Bill Turnbull. "He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about @BBCBreakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team-player. "Most of all he was great fun, I love how he made me laugh. Xx." DON'T MISS...Louise Minchin breaks silence on Bill Turnbull's death [TRIBUTE]Britney Spears sparks concern as she writhes around topless [PICTURES]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments [RIP] Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don added on Twitter: "Very sad to learn of the death of Bill Turnbull. "A thoroughly decent, good man. We shared an enthusiasm for bees and were both patrons of Bees for Development charity." "My love and best wishes to his family." The Apprentice boss Lord Sugar added: "Sadly Bill Turnbull has passed he was a great presenter and a nice guy RIP." 