The Duke and Duchess, 40, confirmed last month that the family were relocating from central London to Berkshire, closer to both the Queen and Kate's parents. Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis are thought to have moved into their new home this weekend. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, described the touch-ups to be made to the Windsor cottage for the Cambridge family as “no-frills, by royal standards”. The renovations are likely to be along the lines of a "lick of paint", the Sun reported. Ms Seward added: “This will be the first weekend Kate and William have spent at Adelaide Cottage as a family. “It’s a lovely moment for them all. “They had to have moved in this weekend, because the children have to start at their new school next week.” Last month, it was revealed that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had opted for Lambrook School as their new choice for their children. The young royals have now left behind Thomas’s Battersea. Prince George, nine, will now attend Lambrook along with his siblings, Princess Charlotte, seven, and four-year-old Prince Louis. READ MORE: Meghan sparks 'nightmare' for Kate and William after US success The co-educational preparatory schools accepts both girls and boys, which is likely to have figured into the Duke and Duchess's decision. Kensington Palace said: “The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will attend Lambrook School in Berkshire from September 2022. “Their Royal Highnesses are hugely grateful to Thomas’s Battersea where George and Charlotte have had a happy start to their education since 2017 and 2019 respectively and are pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas’s.” Lambrook headmaster, Jonathan Perry, said the school was “delighted” to be the choice of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge for the start of the school year. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face being 'frozen out' [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [VOTE] He said: “We are delighted that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will be joining us and very much look forward to welcoming the family, as well as all of our new pupils, to our school community.” Ben Thomas, of Thomas's Battersea, added: “We would like to thank George, Charlotte and all of our leaving pupils for upholding the school’s values and for their many contributions to school life throughout their time at Thomas’s. "We wish them every happiness and success at their next schools and beyond.” The fees for the school change in accordance with the pupil's age. It is thought Prince George's education will cost just under £21,000 each year, with Princess Charlotte's placed at £19,000. Young Prince Louis's fees come to £13,000, according to The Times. The children will also attend school on Saturdays, and compete in sports matches over the weekend.