The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge made a joke at their own expense in the book, the proceeds from which will partly go towards their mental health work. Publisher Puffin has produced the book with the Government Communications Headquarters, commonly known as GCHQ and famous for breaking the German Enigma Codes during World War 2. William and Kate wrote in the foreword: “We are delighted that the brilliant minds at GCHQ have been busy working on a third puzzle book, and that this edition is designed for younger readers. "Hopefully this might mean we find them easier to solve…!” they joked. The couple went on: “As a family, we are no strangers to the vital work of GCHQ. We have seen first-hand how staff constantly adapt to face new threats, and we remain inspired by how committed staff are to protecting our national security.” The Royal pair highlighted the impact of the Covid pandemic on mental health across the nation - but particularly on children who missed out on crucial school time. They wrote: “The Covid-19 pandemic presented one of the biggest global challenges in recent history. It impacted our ability to go to work, to school, and to socialise in the way we are all accustomed to. “This affected every one of us and sadly we know the true scale of the pandemic's impact on the nation's mental health will not be fully understood for years to come. Your support through the purchase of the book will ensure that the Royal Foundation is able to continue its mental health work at a time when that support is needed more than ever before. “We look forward to helping our children solve these puzzles, and hope that this book brings friends and families together to start rich conversations. Talking openly about mental health can be the first step in removing stigma, fear and isolation. “Just like at GCHQ, bringing different perspectives together can often be the key to unlocking a solution you can’t quite find on your own.” READ MORE: Cambridges tipped to play 'royal hide and seek' during Sussexes' visit [REVEAL] Proceeds from GCHQ’s share of the advance and royalties for the book will go to The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge. The total funds are estimated to reach at least £20,000 in the first year of its publication. The book introduces its readers to various aspects of the work GCHQ do. It includes codes and brainteasers, word riddles and language puzzles, plus personal accounts from GCHQ staffers. GCHQ has previously created two puzzle books for adults – The GCHQ Puzzle Book and The GCHQ Puzzle Book II – which have sold half a million copies between them. The Cambridge family is thought to still be on holiday in Scotland. They are expected to return soon to their new Windsor home before their kids, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, start school at Lambrook.