Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has been sent a transfer warning by ex-Liverpool ace Graeme Souness after splashing out £70million to sign centre-back Wesley Fofana from Leicester. The Blues were taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of May and reportedly broke the Premier League transfer record for a single window after spending a staggering £271.1million to land eight players. “I get that they needed centre-backs because of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen going and having 37-year-old Thiago Silva, an age when your game can fall off a cliff inside a month,” Souness wrote in the Daily Mail. “But £70million for Wesley Fofana? At 21, he only brings potential.” Fofana arrived in England from Saint-Etienne two years ago after the Foxes paid the French club £36.5m for the then-teenager. And he impressed in the Premier League during his maiden campaign at the King Power Stadium. Last year, the defender broke his leg in a pre-season encounter against Villarreal and was only able to feature in seven top-flight matches after returning to action in April. The youngster then started the first two matches of this season but was dropped for Leicester’s clash with Chelsea last month as speculation around his move to Stamford Bridge intensified. MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move    Fofana has been tipped to enjoy a stellar career at the top of the game but is still some way off becoming the finished article. And Souness believes the amount of money Premier League clubs are now spending on players is getting out of control. “Chelsea are not the only ones who have been spending in this way,” the 69-year-old continued. “Around £2billion has been laid out by our 20 top-flight clubs this summer. Manchester United have spent more than ever before. Yes, of course this is madness, but I do understand why we've reached this level. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move      “We live in a generation where everything has to be 'today', not 'tomorrow'. A generation where football's popularity transcends anything we have known. The pressure on the big teams to deliver now, not tomorrow, has never been greater. “In an ideal world, you buy players at the right age, knowing they are only going to get better over five, six, seven or eight years. But that has all gone now. The rest of football just look at us and shake their heads. If you're United, Liverpool and Chelsea you're paying the Premier League premium and a big club premium. It's a double whammy. European clubs just lick their lips when an English club phones to inquire about a player.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here