Liverpool are set to complete a surprise deadline day deal for Juventus midfielder Arthur Melo, with Jurgen Klopp primed to secure late reinforcements. Arthur is travelling to Liverpool to undergo a medical on Thursday and complete a season-long loan before the 11pm deadline. According to numerous reports, the 26-year-old accepted a move to Anfield immediately after receiving a call from Liverpool on Wednesday night. The Reds are outlining the final details of the loan deal with Juventus, with no buy option currently involved in negotiations. Arthur was considered one of the world's most exciting midfield prospects after joining Barcelona from Gremio in 2018. After making 72 appearances for the Blaugrana, he left for Juventus in a part-swap deal worth £66m plus Miralem Pjanic two years later. GOAL journalist Romeo Agresti has posted a video on Twitter of Arthur preparing to travel to England to complete his Premier League switch. There is confidence the move will be signed off in time, with over 12 hours of the transfer window remaining, to aid Klopp's early season injury crisis. JUST IN: Arsenal braced for Gabriel Martinelli offers with Chelsea to play role Arthur has earned 22 international caps for Brazil, scoring one goal, and has made 63 appearances across his two seasons in Turin. He will bring experience and, more importantly, quality to Klopp's withering midfield options for the remainder of the 2022/23 campaign. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Curtis Jones, Naby Keita and Thiago Alcantara have all endured a spell on the sidelines through recent injuries. And Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson joined his midfield brethren on the injury table after being forced off with a hamstring injury in Wednesday's win against Newcastle United at Anfield. Arthur will become Liverpool's fourth summer signing if his medical on Merseyside goes as planned. The Reds splashed a club-record £85m fee to sign Benfica striker Darwin Nunez earlier this summer and sanctioned £7.7m and £6.5m deals for Fulham's Fabio Carvalho and Aberdeen's Calvin Ramsay, respectively. READ MORE: Chelsea give in to Aubameyang demands as Blues 'on verge' of transfer Klopp's side have felt the after-effects of their injury woes, suffering a sticky start to the Premier League campaign. The Reds kicked off the season with disappointing draws against Fulham and Crystal Palace before falling to a 2-1 defeat by bitter rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford. They were at their exhilarating best last weekend, romping to a record-levelling 9-0 victory against AFC Bournemouth at Anfield. But they looked out of sorts again during Newcastle's visit and were arguably fortunate to take all three points with the final kick of the game. Arthur's impending arrival will undoubtedly ease concerns. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here