Nick Phillips had been working the night shift on Tuesday at a Morrisons in Southport, Merseyside, when a member of staff alerted him that something serious had happened. A woman had reportedly locked herself in the store toilets in an apparent suicide attempt and had become unresponsive. Nick broke down the door to get to the woman. He performed emergency CPR, and she began breathing again, reports The Liverpool Echo. Both the police and ambulance services were called, and the woman was taken to hospital where she would receive further treatment. As an ex-Army and former prison officer, Mr Phillips knew exactly what to do. His previous training meant that he knew compact CPR, and he has a history of tending to people in need. His wife, Catherine Phillips, said: "Because of his experience, his brain goes into this mode where he does exactly what he needs to do to get stuff done, I’ve never known anyone like him. "He gets the job done, so when this happened, I don’t know who the girl is, but she couldn't have wished for anyone better to come and save her life. "He is the most resilient person I’ve ever met in my life." Catherine said her husband stayed on shift for hours after the incident to ensure that his staff were okay and felt supported. A spokesperson for North West Ambulance Service said: "I can confirm an ambulance attended and took a patient to hospital." If you are struggling and have suicidal thoughts, know you are not alone and that help is available. Please contact any one of the following. In the UK, you can call the Samaritans free on 116 123 (the number will not appear on your telephone bill) or email jo@samaritans.org. In America, The National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a network of more than 160 crisis centres that provide a 24-hour-a-day service via a free hotline on 00-1-800-273-8255. Lifeline is a national charity providing all Australians experiencing a personal crisis with access to 24-hour crisis support and suicide prevention services. Call 13-11-14. Help is ALWAYS available. If you need it, reach out. 