The country has been rocked in recent weeks by a series of fire bomb attacks on official buildings. Arsonists have targeted military recruitment centres along with administrative offices in apparent protest over Putin's war in Ukraine. The attacks have tended to be carried out by young men, who are trying to avoid being drafted into the army. However, in a shocking turn of events, young teenagers have been accused of trying to burn down two state buildings in the Russian city of Oryol. In the first incident, school kids poured flammable liquid over the window frame of a shooting gallery belonging to the Interior Ministry on Privokzalnaya Street. Firefighters were called to the scene and were able to put out the fire within half-an-hour. The second attack took place at a police station on Kurskaya Street, but the fire was extinguished within minutes. The teenagers had attempted to set fire to a five-litre bottle of fuel, hoping it would burn down the building. Police officers subsequently detained one student from the fifth and seventh grade, along with three from the ninth grade. They are said to be aged between 11 and 15 and waiting to see if they will be formally charged with a criminal offence. The kids claimed that it was just a prank and they had meant no harm by their actions. It comes as police in Moscow arrested a 65-year-old pensioner on suspicion of setting fire to a car belonging to a high-ranking military official. Last week, a BMW X6 was fire bombed on Leningradskoye Highway in Moscow in broad daylight. The German-made car belonged to Yevgeny Sekretarev, who is the Deputy Head of the General Staff of the RF Armed Forces. READ MORE: 'You will not see Putin' Millions of Russians visit as Gorbachev lies The pensioner has since been taken into custody and is helping police with their investigations. She reportedly shouted “take it off, take it off, Azov is power” as she was detained by officers. Azov is a reference to the Ukraine regiment that was involved in the defence of Mariupol earlier in the war. Its name is banned in Russia. Her relatives say she had been hypnotised by telephone scammers, who persuaded her to carry out the act. The 65-year-old was tricked into torching the car after being told by the scammers that she would be helping the Russian army, according to her family. DON'T MISSUkraine LIVE: Putin worry as Crimea water supply under serious threat  [NEWS]Ukrainian children return to bombed schools [SPOTLIGHT]Russian banks lose £21bn following sanctions [REVEAL] The funeral of the former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev is taking place on Saturday in Moscow. Hundreds of mourners are reported to be lining the streets in central Moscow to bid farewell to the man credited with helping to bring down the Berlin Wall. The ceremony is being held in the Hall of Pillars in Moscow’s House of the Unions. Afterwards, there will be a private funeral in the Novodevichy cemetery. A Kremlin spokesperson confirmed that Putin will not attend the event, even though it will contain “elements of a state funeral”.