Lando Norris has asked Max Verstappen for the Dutch Grand Prix winners’ trophy as he already “has plenty”. It comes after Norris predicted the reigning champion will win on Sunday before a wheel is even turned. Norris was asked what he thought of the Dutch Grand Prix trophy as he grabbed a bicycle in the paddock. Norris replied: “Oh I loved it.” The McLaren star was then asked whether he had any chance to lift it on Sunday. However, with a defeated expression, Norris added: “No it’s Max’s. Everyone knows it’s Max’s already. Maybe Max will give it to me, he has plenty.” Verstappen enjoys a comfortable championship lead and has nine wins to his name this season. The Red Bull star won the Dutch Grand Prix last season after an epic on-track duel with title rival Lewis Hamilton. But, this weekend will also be his homecoming race since he clinched his first world title last year. READ MORE: Helmut Marko shares when Red Bull expect Max Verstappen to win title With a commanding 93-point gap over nearest rival Sergio Perez and a 98-point advantage over Charles Leclerc, Verstappen is likely to add a second crown to his roster within months. The reigning champion could also secure his fourth back-to-back win for the first time in his F1 career. There is also the record of most F1 wins in a single season still up for grabs with Sebastian Vettel and Michael Schumacher currently tied on 13. Red Bull boss Christian Horner has admitted there will be “huge expectation” from the Dutch fans this weekend. He revealed the team has pledged to keep Verstappen “within a bubble” over the weekend as they attempt to keep the pressure on Ferrari. Horner explained: “Obviously there’s going to be a huge expectation on Max, as he returns there as the world champion with the number one on the car. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen 'not good for F1' as Red Bull star's father bites back [COMMENT]Wolff delivers Verstappen dominance verdict as Hamilton struggles [INSIGHT]Verstappen warned to expect same complaints as Hamilton and Schumacher [ANALYSIS] “We saw the atmosphere last year and I think it’s certainly going to step up again this year. You have to keep the pressure on because as soon as you don’t, you start making mistakes. So we will approach Zandvoort with exactly the same discipline that we have done every Grand Prix so far this year. “There’s no additional activities for Max compared to a standard Grand Prix weekend. Of course, there’ll be an awful lot of noise around the circuit, but we’ll try to keep him within a bubble, obviously inside the team and to try to manage expectations.”