In the latest developments to the case involving the callous killing of young Olivia Pratt-Korbel in her own home in Liverpool, Merseyside Police have released chilling footage of the suspected gunman fleeing the scene. The force also revealed that they believe two guns were used in the shooting, intended for convicted burglar Joseph Nee, that left Olivia’s family devastated and the city of Liverpool in panic. It comes as the police made renewed calls to anyone who might have information about the gunman to come forward, urging accomplices to “do the right thing”.    Footage showed the suspected killer, dressed in a black padded jacket, balaclava with a peak, gloves, and trainers with white soles, running along Finch Lane, away from Kingsheath Avenue where Olivia was killed, and into Berryford Road. The man was described as 5ft 7ins and slim. Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen said: “We know this man is climbing through gardens and through people's backyards in order to avoid being identified as well as using the roads. “I know there will be people out there who know who that individual is, know that he is responsible for that murder and are now actively engaged in ensuring that we don't locate him.” He added: “This man is toxic. He is toxic to our communities and if you are protecting him he is toxic to you and your family.”    He said it was “beyond comprehension” that a nine-year-old girl had been killed while caught in the crossfire. Olivia died after she was shot in her home when the gunman reportedly chased convicted burglar Joseph Nee into the property at about 10pm. A post-mortem examination found her medical cause of death was a gunshot wound to the chest. Her mother Cheryl was also injured and is still receiving treatment for her injuries, police said. A 36-year-old man from Huyton and a 33-year-old from Dovecot were arrested on suspicion of murder and two counts of attempted murder in relation to Olivia's death last week and have been released on bail. READ MORE: Liverpool MP slams 'senseless' killing of tragic Olivia [REVEAL]   Mr Kameen said: “It is beyond comprehension how anyone can protect a person who is responsible for killing a nine-year-old little girl.” In an update on Thursday afternoon, Mr Kameen said work by forensic teams and the National Ballistic Intelligence Service (NABIS) revealed two firearms were discharged at the scene of the killing in Dovecot on August 22. He said: “I believe at this time that the gunman brought both of these weapons with him and that they were still with him when he callously ran away from Olivia's house. I want to know where those guns are now.” DON'T MISS: Olivia Pratt-Korbel: Police warn community 'silence is not an option' [INSIGHT] 'Do the right thing and name gunman who killed Olivia' [REPORT] Olivia Pratt-Korbel: Police arrest man, 36, on suspicion of murder [REVEAL]   In a direct appeal to anyone who may have been told to hide or dispose of the guns, Mr Kameen added: “I understand you may be frightened of contacting us, but I want you to do the right thing for Olivia and tell us where they are right now. “If you are hiding the guns and you have no intention of telling us, then I place you in the same category as the vile man responsible for the murder. And we will hunt you too.” Mr Kameen said police were also releasing footage of a man who was in the area at the time of the shooting who they wanted to trace. He said: “I'm interested in speaking to him as he may have information that is important to the inquiry by virtue of the fact he was in the area at the right time.” READ NEXT: People of Liverpool must come together to flush out Olivia's killerPolice identify second target in Olivia Pratt-Korbel murderPolice's message to Olivia Pratt-Korbel murderer: 'No rest till found''Police need to stop dancing Macarena' Ex chief rages at 'wokery' Family promise to find shooter who killed Olivia Pratt-Korbel  