Rick and Morty season six is coming to Adult Swim in the US this weekend, on Sunday. Fans in the UK will be able to watch the new episode on E4 the following day, on Monday. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about when the first episode will air. Rick and Morty fans are in for a treat as the Smith family is back dealing with the last season's fallout. Rick Sanchez (played by Justin Roiland) and his grandson are stranded in space floating in the remnants of the citadel. Season six is believed to be made up of 10 episodes and they will be airing weekly in the same timeslot. Episode one, titled Solaris, will air on Sunday, September 4 on Adult Swim at 8pm Pacific Time and 11pm Eastern Time. READ MORE: 'No hope for Meghan and Harry' Dan Wootton slams Duchess interview For fans in the UK, the episode will air on E4 on Monday, September 5 at 4am British Summer Time. After each episode has aired, it will be available to stream on the All4 service. If viewers miss the first episode on live TV, it will be shown again on September 11 at 10pm BST. Gamesradar.com shared the episode schedule for the series, although this may be subject to change. The US release schedule is as follows: Episode one - September 4 Episode two: September 11 Episode three: September 18 Episode four: September 25 Episode five: October 2 Episode six: October 9 Episode seven: October 16 Episode eight: October 23 Episode nine: October 30 Episode 10: November 6 DON'T MISS... Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife [VIDEO] Rick and Morty boss addresses future show after 70-episode order [INSIGHT] Rick and Morty creator reassures fans after season 5 backlash [DISCUSSION] The title of the second episode has also been released and it will be called 'Rick: A Mort Well Lived'. The synopsis for the second instalment reads: "Morty is trapped and Rick needs to save him, but to do so, Summer must do a Die Hard. This won't be easy because she's never seen it." A new poster for season six has come to light which has fans worried about two favourite characters. The poster was shared by a fan's Twitter page and it reveals the release date along with a family portrait. Morty and Jerry (Chris Parnell) appear to have been taken over by translucent green slime in the picture. From the image, it looks as if the father and son are crackling with energy, but how they came to be this way is unknown. Fans will have to wait and see what danger the pair find themselves in as the series progresses. Thankfully there will not be a huge wait between episodes, so answers should be revealed soon.  Rick and Morty season 6 starts on Sunday, September 4 on Adult Swim. UK fans can watch on E4 on Monday, September 5.