However, this is what is happening. As we reveal today, the number of foreign criminals who remain in the UK has reached record levels. These are people who have been convicted, served their sentence and are now eligible for deportation. More than 11,000 are still here. Home Secretary Priti Patel has tried to ensure they are removed, but one problem appears to be that some countries are loath to take back their criminals. Crime is a growing problem in the UK. The last thing we need is to have foreign criminals on our shores who shouldn’t be here. Their presence is a threat to all law-abiding people. Indeed, the National Crime Agency believes that organised criminal gangs from Albania are increasing their control of the nation’s drug trade, which is a major cause of violent crime. Ensuring the law works as it should and foreign criminals are deported must be a priority. For the safety of us all.  Advances in medical technology often appear nothing short of miraculous. The NHS is able to save the lives of patients, including many with cancer, who would not have survived in previous decades. Beginning treatment for the disease at the earliest opportunity can make a huge difference to the chances of success, so it’s extremely worrying that the number of people waiting more than four weeks in England has soared by almost 500 percent. There have been many reports in recent months about growing waiting lists, and this is a grim illustration of what that means in practice. Some of us, or our loved ones, won’t begin cancer treatment in time to provide the best possible odds of survival. It is brilliant that the NHS has such marvellous technology and access to remarkable new drugs, as well as a workforce of skilled and dedicated doctors, nurses and surgeons. We must ensure it is all put to use effectively so that every patient receives the best treatment they can.  Her Majesty has asked no fewer than 14 Prime Ministers to form a government and the conversation every time has taken place at Buckingham Palace. Next week will be different. The Queen will accept Boris Johnson’s resignation and appoint his successor at Balmoral, where she traditionally spends the summer. It’s well known that the monarch has suffered mobility issues. She continues to serve this country at the age of 96, and our politicians will quite rightly do whatever they can to make her task easier. 