David Moyes was left livid after West Ham United were denied a late equaliser by VAR in their 2-1 loss at Chelsea on Saturday. The Scot hit out at referee Andy Madley and labelled the controversial decision to chalk off Maxwel Cornet's strike "scandalous" as the Hammers fell to defeat at Stamford Bridge. Edouard Mendy claimed he had been fouled by Jarrod Bowen after the pair appeared to make contact in the area, leaving the Senegalese writhing on the floor. Cornet then struck home into the empty net to give the away side what looked to be a deserved point in the 89th minute. But after initially allowing the goal, referee Madley was advised to check the pitchside monitor by his VAR colleague Jared Gillett and after a short deliberation changed his mind, ruling out the goal and giving Chelsea a fortunate let-off. Moyes was visibly incensed on the touchline and the 59-year-old made his thoughts abundantly clear to Madley at the full-time whistle, marching onto the pitch to demand an explanation from the under-fire official. READ MORE: Chelsea fans start petition for Taylor ban after Spurs controversy And the Hammers boss made no attempt to hide his incredulity after the game, launching a scathing attack on the officials after the late controversy in west London. "You have seen it, it is a scandalous decision, absolutely rotten from one of the supposedly elite referees," Moyes said to BBC Sport. "It doesn't say much about whoever sent him over from VAR as well - it is an unbelievable decision against us. We feel we got back to 2-2 and it was not down to anything we have done. "I support a lot of the VAR stuff, I actually think the goalkeeper dives, he is faking an injury because he cannot get to the next one - he did the same on the first goal as well. The referee somehow gets that so wrong it is incredible." It was a wildly entertaining second half at Stamford Bridge after a damp squib in the first 45 minutes, with Michail Antonio pouncing on some poor defending to open the scoring on 61 minutes. DON'T MISSChelsea to avoid Real Madrid and Man City Reece James transfer blowChelsea may have just sped up Aubameyang return after special tripChelsea told £56m transfer made 'no sense' as Souness rips into Boehly Substitute Ben Chilwell then fired Chelsea back level just six minutes after coming on before supplying a cross for fellow sub Kai Havertz to sweep home. West Ham could have retaken the lead before Havertz’s goal through Cornet but the Ivorian hit the post. And that miss was only made more important at the end when his goal was controversially ruled out for a dubious foul from Bowen. However, Tuchel disagreed with Moyes and the German felt Mendy was impeded by the West Ham attacker, before crediting his side for their comeback. "It was a clear foul on the goalkeeper,” Tuchel said. “I had doubts about the first one - but I will not comment, last time I got punished with huge fines. You give your opinion, you will not be fined. "It is super tough to score against West Ham, they defend deep and with bodies - the game became more complicated with the goal we gave away. It was a huge effort to come back and huge credit to the team, the impact from the bench - full credit to everybody.”