Manchester United face pressure to help Antony succeed at the club after making him the second most expensive signing in their history on deadline day. The Red Devils completed an £85million deal to lure him from Ajax this summer, but Sky Sports reporter Kaveh Solhekol has claimed they could've acquired him for 82 per cent cheaper in 2020. Antony's arrival completed a busy summer of spending in which United backed Erik ten Hag with £229m for six recruits, including his first-choice attacking target. It's the most the club have ever spent in one transfer window and was the second-largest expenditure in the Premier League behind Chelsea's eyebrow-raising £278m total. If joining a club of United's magnitude wasn't big enough a task, Antony will carry plenty of pressure on his shoulders after becoming the most expensive export in Dutch Eredivisie history. But the pressure will also be knocking at the club's door after passing up the opportunity to sign the 22-year-old Brazilian earlier in his career. JUST IN: Man Utd board 'vetoed' Erik Ten Hag transfer amid Chelsea links  Speaking on deadline day, Solhekol revealed Chelsea and United turned down the chance to sign Antony for just £15m two years ago. He told Sky Sports: "One thing to note on Antony, he was made available two years ago for just £15m. Now Manchester United have agreed to this package for €100m or £85m with add-ons. "United could have got him cheaper at the start of this transfer window, but they had their mind and focus on other targets. By the time they came back in for him properly, less time was remaining. Ajax's directors have rightly raised the price and pointed to the time being against them. READ MORE: Leeds foe Bamba Dieng could still get Nice move after failing medical  "Two seasons ago, he was offered out for £15m to both United and Chelsea. It was understood both teams turned down this option. United passed up on it, and Chelsea did likewise despite the former transfer chief Marina Granovskaia being keen to bring in the player for that price." Antony wasn't registered in time to make his debut in the 1-0 win against Leicester City at the King Power Stadium on Thursday. However, he has already trained with Ten Hag's squad for the first time and should be in line to make his bow when Arsenal visit Old Trafford this weekend. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here