Former Gogglebox favourite Scarlett Moffatt appeared shaken up as she sobbed on her Instagram Story explaining what happened to her in view of her 2.2 million followers yesterday. Wiping away tears, the 31-year-old told fans that a stranger had come up behind her and shouted: "You’re coming home with me."  The man in question, she claims, waited for her at the London train station and started following her after learning of her whereabouts on social media. She explained: "I stupidly, naively, posted on Instagram saying, 'Off to London on the train'. "And when I got into King's Cross station there was a guy there," Scarlett added as she struggled to fight back tears. After composing herself, she went on to say: "This guy came at me saying, 'Scarlett I've been waiting for you, are you coming home with me?'" READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role The reality star added that despite saying, "No, thank you" to the stranger and walking off, he followed her and repeated: "Scarlett, are you coming home with me? I'm taking you home with me". Thankfully for the star, two staff workers realised what was happening and approached the situation in a clever way. "They said, 'Scarlett, hiya, come over here,' like I was with them and they walked me back to my hotel. "I don't know what I would have done without you," she added of the London North Eastern Railway staff workers named Neil and Danny. "I think it's just hit us how scary that all was."   Scarlett went on to say she wasn't posting about the encounter for attention, but to warn others about safety. "You never know who's looking at your stories. "I've never even thought of this before, please be careful what you're posting." Ahead of her tearful video, Scarlett gave fans a glimpse of the station she was travelling from alongside the caption: "Off to London." DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle embarrassed as Mariah Carey calls out Duchess [REPORTS]Bill Turnbull dead: Heartbroken Susanna Reid leads tributes [TRIBUTE]Bill Turnbull's family share precious final days in moving tribute [RIP] The reality star appeared to be in a chirpy mood as she smiled and posed flashing a peace sign to the camera. Most recently on her story, Scarlett shared a picture of her alongside the LNER staff members who helped. Posing alongside the pair, she said the kind-hearted gents were her "little angels". The Gogglebox star went on to thank her fans for their supportive messages.  The ordeal comes just days after Scarlett enjoyed a holiday with her boyfriend Scott Dobinson. On Saturday, she posed in a low-cut swimsuit which showcased her cleavage as she shared a message about self love. Scarlett wrote: "Fanta Lemon, Cheetos & sunshine… PERFECT!! Also don’t forget normalising the old boob gap. #holiday." Her latest post saw the brunette beauty showcasing various outfits she wore during her romantic break.   