Nicola Peltz reportedly "stormed off" following her marriage to Brooklyn Beckham after a guest gave a speech in tribute to her mother-in-law, Victoria Beckham. Actress Nicola, 27, walked down the aisle earlier this year at her family's Palm Beach Estate in Florida when she said "I do" to Brooklyn, 23. Marc Anthony is a close friend of David Beckham's, and it has been claimed is believed he showered both the sportsman and Victoria with praise during the speech. A source claimed that Nicola was "really p****d off" when she heard it, as she had wanted to take the limelight, although she has always denied any suggestion of a feud with Victoria. "It was totally just an ode to Victoria and how awesome she is," the insider explained. "She stormed off in the middle of her wedding reception with [her sister] Brittany and her mom, and was crying her eyes out," they told the Daily Mail. READ NOW: Amanda Holden, 51, goes braless in unbuttoned crochet dress Another source claimed to the publication that Nicola had been tearful and upset at the ceremony. However, they insisted the problem was not related to anyone's speech, but simply because the first dance had been declared a mother and son one, instead of one between herself and Brooklyn. The first dance is claimed to have been Marc Anthony's loved-up track 'You Sang To Me' - the couple's favourite from his back catalogue of hits. Nicola had reportedly been expecting the couple to be invited onto the dance floor for the occasion, as previously planned. Yet, the source added: "Without any warning and at the request of Victoria, Marc switched it to a mother-son dance using the same song." It is claimed that this prompted an upset Nicola to storm out of the room, leaving Brooklyn "uncomfortable" and guests aware that something had gone wrong. Express.co.uk has approached Nicola, Brooklyn and Victoria's reps for comment. However at a recent Hollywood event, Brooklyn himself insisted there was no feud between the couple and her new in-laws, exclaiming: "Everyone gets along!" DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  "I’ve learned they’re always going to try to write stuff like that," Brooklyn told Variety. Meanwhile, Nicola echoed his comments, insisting that her choice to wear a Valentino gown on her wedding day instead of Victoria's own brand was nothing to do with a feud. "I was going to [wear a VB dress] and I really wanted to, and then a few months down the line, she realized that her atelier couldn't do it, so then I had to pick another dress," she told Variety. "She didn't say you can't wear it [and] I didn't say I didn't want to wear it [but[ that's where [the rumours] started." Victoria and David have remained totally silent throughout the rumours, leaving the newlyweds to confirm that "everyone gets along". Meanwhile Brooklyn and Nicola, who has been sporting a new darker hair colour since after the wedding, have been seen out and about putting on loved-up displays. have made it clear their romance is far from on the rocks. The pair showed up to a Los Angeles event last week wearing matching pastel pink outfits and piling on the public displays of affection. They passionately kissed in front of the cameras, while hanging out with Nicola's brother Will Peltz and his partner Kenya Kinski-Jones.