Prince William and Kate Middleton are moving to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor to be closer to the Queen, and their three children will also be enrolling at a local school. Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, will attend Lambrook School, a prestigious Berkshire private school, meaning the family will be spending more time in Windsor from now on. But the Cambridge family will retain their Kensington Palace apartment and their Norfolk home, Anmer Hall.  Anmer Hall was generously gifted to William and Kate by the Queen to mark their wedding in 2011. The Georgian country house is part of the monarch's Sandringham Estate, and it was built in the early 19th Century. The home has 10 bedrooms and reportedly has a swimming pool, a tennis court, a chicken coop and a beekeeping area. But the real selling point of Anmer Hall is its incredible grounds, and the Cambridges love exploring the great outdoors surrounding their Norfolk home.  READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall As Anmer Hall is a private residence, few pictures of its interiors have been released to the public. But the Cambridges did take part in video calls from Anmer Hall during the UK Covid lockdowns, giving royal fans a glimpse at their beautiful decor. In one video call, Kate and William appeared in a room with high door frames, in front of a muted sage wall adorned with an ornate photo. In another video, what appeared to be William and Kate's office at Anmer Hall boasted a pale green sofa in front of a wooden table covered with sweet pictures of their family.  A leafy plant could be seen in the background in front of a stunning set of cream double doors. A source previously told People that Anmer Hall isn't a "stuffy palace" like some other royal residences. They said: “At the end of the day, [Kate's] in training to be a future Queen, but honestly, you would never know it. “If you go round to her house, you get a cup of tea, and it’s often William who makes it! It’s a lovely, welcoming house, not a fancy, stuffy palace in any way.”   The source explained that Anmer is "a normal, busy family home with kids running around and knocking things over", adding: "There’s no airs and graces.” Kate and William have recently added another royal residence in Windsor to their property portfolio. The Duke and Duchess are moving to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor Home Park to escape the "fishbowl" of Kensington Palace, a royal source told PA. They said: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the 'most normal' start possible. KP can be a little bit of a fishbowl.  DON'T MISS: Carole Middleton grew up in £4,950 home in Southall - a look inside [INSIGHT]Kate and William accused of 'not reading the room' with house move [ANALYSIS]Meghan and Kate stepped out in sheer dresses - pictures [PICTURES] "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids." The Cambridges will keep their Kensington Palace apartment, which was refurbished at a cost of £4.5million to the taxpayer in 2013, as their official residence and as an office for staff. They will also retain Anmer Hall, which underwent large-scale building work at their own cost before the family moved in 2015. 