Northern Ireland, northern England and the east of Scotland are all blanketed under the warning which is in place for much of Saturday, September 3. The leading forecaster says it will be "occasional periods of heavy rain" which may lead to homes and small businesses becoming flooded, along with general floodwater causing a "danger to life." With such risks, the Met Office added people should expect travel disruption on roads, rail and bus services. Communities also risk being cut off due to flooding. Weather maps show a low pressure system dominating from the Atlantic, which will in turn cause more widespread storms, rain and gales across the UK from next week. The Met Office said: "Areas of heavy rain are expected to pulse northwards across much of Northern Ireland and the southwest of Scotland through Saturday, potentially accompanied by thunderstorms. "Rainfall totals of 30 to 40 mm could fall in two to three hours in some places with a low risk of 80 to 100 mm in 24 hours, bringing localised flooding and travel disruption." A total of 10 regions are included, and they are across Northern Ireland, south west Scotland and the Lothian borders, with with four areas in Strathclyde. READ MORE: Met Office forecast: Storm alert as weather map shows swirling jet As part of the Met Office's wider advice, particularly for flooding, it urges people not to attempt to drive through water-logged roads. It says: "The number one cause of death during flooding is driving through flood water, so the safest advice is turn around, don’t drown. "Although the water may seem shallow, just 12 inches (30cm) of moving water can float your car, potentially taking it to deeper water from which you may need rescuing. "Flood water also contains hidden hazards which can damage your car, and just an egg-cupful of water sucked into your car’s engine will lead to severe damage."  The rest of the UK can expect some temporary unsettled weather, at least until the middle of September. The long-range forecast up until September 14 adds: "The start of this period is expected to bring areas of thick cloud and heavy, thundery rain or showers to many places. "Any periods of rain could be longer than recently experienced. Some brighter spells are also possible. "Strong winds are also likely in places, perhaps with a risk of gales.  DON'T MISS: 'That's his playbook!' Boris to follow predecessor's guide to comeback [REVEAL]Gove tipped to QUIT as an MP with crunch by-election alert sounded [REPORT]Beijing blasts 'irresponsible' Truss over plan to declare China threat [INSIGHT] Temperatures are expected to be around average but variable, especially under longer spells of rain where it may be cooler, or in any sunshine which will feel warmer. "Towards the end of the period, the rainfall is likely to die out, leading to many areas becoming a little drier, although there may still be a chance of showers for many places. Temperatures will probably be around average."  The end of the month could see a resurgance of higher than normal temperatures in some places - but it's currently too early to be certain, as many forecasters say. Top temperatures on Saturday, September 3 range from around 17C in Northern Ireland, to 20C in eastern Scotland.