Bill Turnbull's family announced today that the BBC Breakfast and Classic FM presenter died surrounded by his loved ones following a five-year long battle with prostate cancer. Taking to Twitter, his ex colleague Louise Minchin, 53, shared various memories from her time with Bill on the famous red sofa over the years. In view of her 268,000 followers, she commented: "Sending my love and thoughts to the family of my wonderful friend Bill Turnbull. "He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about @BBCBreakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team-player. "Most of all he was great fun, I love how he made me laugh. Xx." Accompanying the post, she added pictures of her and Bill having a laugh together as well as a snap of the pair with weather presenter Carol Kirkwood. READ MORE: Piers Morgan responds to Meghan Markle's child privacy concerns Many of Louise's fans flocked to the post to send their condolences. Twitter user Mark Shields wrote: "Thoughts with you, best morning TV couple ever RIP Bill." Jo Johns added: "So sad to hear this. Bill was a lovely man. My thoughts are with his family friends and colleagues xx." Amanda Bennett commented: "Sorry for your loss also. And thoughts to his family."(sic) David Rowe tweeted: "I used to love waking up to you two, such terribly sad news  Louise and Bill presented the BBC show together up until his departure in 2016. Bill went public with his prostate cancer battle in 2018, a year after being diagnosed. In October, the presenter announced he will be taking a break from his radio commitments as his health had been "bumpy".   At the time, he wrote on Twitter: "With great regret I am taking a leave of absence from my show @classicfm, for health reasons. "The road has been a bit bumpy recently, and I need to take some time to focus on getting better." He went on to say: "I’m sorry to do this, as I absolutely love doing the programme, and have hugely enjoyed the past five years. "I am very grateful to friends and colleagues @global for the love and support they have shown me." He went on to tell fans he would be back on the airwaves when well enough to do so. During his break, he spent time with his wife Sarah McCombie and their three children. 