The Paramount Network is set to ring in 2023 by going back 100 years for another gripping chapter of the Duttons’ origin story. Hollywood legends Harrison Ford and Dame Helen Mirren are set to lead the upcoming Yellowstone prequel, 1923, which has just added another big name to the main cast. Television mainstay Sebastian Roché has been confirmed to join the cast of 1923. The French-Scottish actor has been cast in an undisclosed role for the Yellowstone prequel, which will premiere this December. He joins previously confirmed co-leads Helen and Harrison, who were announced in May of this year. Further character details are being kept under wraps, but the prequel is set to follow an earlier generation of the Dutton family. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling It will also feature some of the biggest turning points of the early 20th Century, including pandemics, historic drought, the end of Prohibition and the Great Depression. After last year’s hit prequel, 1883, the Duttons’ story before John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) took over the Yellowstone ranch will be explored even further. 1923’s release will also coincide with a fifth season of the mainline series, with Kevin, Kelly Reilly, Wes Bentley and more set to return in November. Production is currently underway in Montana in time for its December premiere, so fans should expect the first synopsis and trailer sometime soon. Actor Sebastian is best known for his recurring roles in the hit TV series The Man in the High Castle, The Young Pope and Big Sky. The TV star also came to attention for his roles on The CW as Mikael Mikaelson in The Vampire Diaries and The Originals, and Balthazar in Supernatural. He has also appeared in the likes of Fringe, Bones, NCIS: Los Angeles and Batwoman throughout his storied career. On the big screen, he has featured in The Adventures of Tintin, Safe House, Beowulf and The Last of the Mohicans. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Angela star Q’orianka Kilcher returns [LATEST]Rings of Power star ‘terrified’ by Stranger’s entrance [EXCLUSIVE]The Rookie season 5 trailer: Major death teased by return of old face [VIDEO] His appearance as Sheriff John Wagy in the first season of Big Sky certainly gave him the Western credentials to join Taylor Sheridan’s sprawling Western franchise. Sebastian has since not appeared in the Katheryn Winnick-led crime drama, but he already has a number of forthcoming projects in the pipeline outside of 1923. He will also be seen in coming episodes of the TV series Grendel, Lone Star Bull, Getaway and Cabinet of Curiosities. 1923 is already one of the most anticipated entries into the Yellowstone canon thanks to the casting of two Hollywood A-Listers. Dame Helen has most recently appeared in the Fast and Furious franchise, The Duke and will take on a villainous role in the superhero sequel Shazam! Fury of the Gods. Harrison has reprised some of his most iconic roles in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Blade Runner 2049 and the upcoming fifth Indiana Jones film. Yellowstone has sadly been on hiatus since January this year, but there is plenty more from the Duttons to come in just a few short months. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on The Paramount Network. 1923 premieres December 2023. UK release dates have yet to be confirmed.