Conservative peer Lord Marland revealed that the outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson – set to leave 10 Downing Street on Monday – intends to save his finances to keep up with his mundane lifestyle. One of the two Tory leadership contenders – either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak – will be elected on Monday and replace him at the head of Government on Tuesday. But Boris Johnson has so far not ruled out a political comeback. Speaking on BBC Newsnight, Lord Marland said: "As he said to me the other day, he wants to go and put hay in the loft. "In other words, build up his bank balance so that he can afford to pay for the lifestyle that he’s created. "And I think once he’s done that – if he is still a member of Parliament and hasn’t been found to have behaved incorrectly by the Standards Committee, which is a possibility – he does have an opportunity." The Tory peer also added the Conservative Party could be on course to lose the next General Election and that Boris Johnson could be the man to steer the party back to victory. Lord Marland said: "I think there’s a distinct possibility that the scenario could be that we lose the next election. "We’ll be looking for a leader who can win elections. And of course, Boris has that." Sharing her view on Boris Johnson’s potential political future, former advisor Salma Shah said: "I put money on the fact that he’d probably try again. "And I’m not sure I’d put money on the fact of whether he’d win." Boris Johnson won a landslide victory in 2019, with the Conservative party gaining 66 seats – enough to secure its biggest majority since Margaret Thatcher’s 1987 victory. READ MORE: UK gets £3m boost for next-gen nuclear reactors as bills soar Despite growing calls and a petition to reinstate Boris Johnson as Prime Minister, the outgoing Prime Minister has so far not publicly divulged his future plans. His successor will face the difficult task of addressing an unprecedented set of challenges, as crises have been piling up over the last few months. After a summer of 12 hustings and debates, frontrunner Liz Truss is expected to win the leadership contest with a comfortable lead over rival Rishi Sunak, polls show. DON'T MISS:Boris's defiant final speech perfectly sums up his premiership [ANALYSIS] BOMBSHELL document blows apart Harman's Boris partygate probe [REVEALED] Macron was rejected by EU allies over Brexit Britain snub [REPORT] According to polls aggregator Politico’s poll of polls, the Foreign Secretary wins 59 percent of the votes, with 32 percent for Mr Sunak and 10 percent of Conservative members still undecided. The 180,000 Conservative members eligible to vote can cast their ballot until Friday at 5 pm. Ballots received after that time will not be counted, the Conservative party website says. The winner of the contest will be announced next Monday in Westminster at 12:30 pm. READ NEXT:Boris outrage at comments about buying a kettle - here's what he saidKeir Starmer’s multi-million pound fortune explored'Nine TIMES cheaper!' Boris unveils UK sitting on energy goldmineBoris enquiry could have negative impacts on democracy, scrap it nowBoris told £700m nuclear power dream relies on ‘failed French tech’