The victim was shot in a street in East London on Saturday evening and was taken to hospital around 7pm BST. The victim’s condition is said to be non-life-threatening by police while his attacker is thought to still be at large with no arrests having been made.   The incident occurred on Benn Street, a residential road between the Olympic Park and Hackney Town Centre. Metropolitan Police Officers and London Ambulance Service rushing to the scene following reports of a firearms discharge. A spokesperson from the Met said: “At 7:01pm on Saturday, 3 September, police were called to Benn Street, Hackney following reports of a firearms discharge “Officers attended with London Ambulance Service paramedics. “A 24-year-old man was taken to hospital where his injuries were assess as non-life-threatening.” The spokesperson added: “An investigation is under way but at this early stage there have been no arrests.” Those with information have been asked to call 101 with the reference 6139/03SEP. Alternatively, those who prefer to remain anonymous can call independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111. READ MORE:Hello neighbour! Kate greets photographers on first day at new home The incident has brought renewed criticism to the Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, who tweeted only on September 2 about gun crime in the Capital decreasing. Mr Khan said: “Gun crime has halved in London. “Our work with the Metropolitan Police to bear down on violent crime and the efforts of my @LDN_VRU to tackle its root causes is succeeding. “This is progress, but will be no consolation to those personally affected. DON'T MISS: Starmer favourite for PM over Tory candidates (POLL)Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan 'have ARRIVED' back in the UK (LIVE)Best fighter jets in the world compared as China Taiwan tensions rise (INSIGHT) “One life lost is one too many.” Former London police officer Norman Brennan, is a leading campaigner on police protection and a commentator on gun/knife crime. Mr Brennan tweeted : “BREAKING NEWS: A man have been shot in Benn Street London E9. Met Police attended scene no time or other details [to] give as this is a breaking story; victim was treated and then rushed to hospital, no updates on condition or anyone arrested! “Gun Crime is increasing on the streets of Britain!” Twitter user @Chamaerion replied to Mr Brennan with Sadiq Khan’s tweet and added: “You better tell Sadiq Khan then. He is saying otherwise.”