Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is “under pressure” as a result of his demands to the club's board ahead of the Red Devils' visit of Arsenal on Sunday, according to Paul Merson. The Dutchman has won each of his last three games having suffered early season defeats to Brighton and Brentford, but faces a Gunners side that have a perfect record this campaign. Ten Hag reportedly demanded that United pay the necessary £85million for Antony this summer, having had a £78m bid rejected by Ajax and the club’s recruitment team were prepared to turn their attention to other targets including Christian Pulisic, Marcus Thuram and Cody Gakpo before the boss' intervention to the board. The Brazilian winger made clear his intentions to move to Old Trafford but United were forced to pay a transfer deadline day record fee for a player due to the boss’ demands, which Arsenal icon Merson believes has put the coach under pressure this season. “The Antony transfer is a lot of money,” Merson told Sportskeeda. “Erik ten Hag has put himself under a lot of pressure with this move. It's a hard thing playing on the wing - sometimes you get the ball every minute of the day, and sometimes it just doesn't happen for you.” Antony is available to face Merson’s former side on Sunday, but whether Cristiano Ronaldo will be restored to the Red Devils’ starting lineup remains a question. Merson does not think that the five-time Ballon d’Or winner will start at Old Trafford, and gave Ten Hag credit for making the call to drop the forward. “I don't think Cristiano Ronaldo will get into the starting lineup for Manchester United this week,” Merson added. “They're confident as a team, and they're hard to beat. They've got two clean sheets, and it all starts from the front. Fair play to Erik ten Hag! They're completely different from what they were against Brentford - that's what top managers do. DON'T MISSTen Hag 'key voice' in Garner exit as thoughts on Everton ace emergeMan Utd may sign another Telles in change to Ten Hag planMan Utd star Rashford lacks 'the basics of football' as Ten Hag warned “It's hard to tinker with a team when you've won three on the trot, and I don't see Casemiro starting this game. It would be unfair to the player as well if Man United lose on Sunday. Don't change anything that isn't broken. I'd go with the same eleven this weekend. “If Man United win this game, they're into the Premier League top four. Four wins on the trot and everybody goes, 'Wow! Look at them!', I'd be quite shocked if Arsenal won this game.” Antony has taken the number 21 at United and admitted that Ten Hag was a big factor in why he made the move this summer. “Playing under Erik ten Hag at Ajax was perfect for me and my development,” Antony said after arriving in Manchester. "His style of football and coaching brings out the best in me, and I am excited by what he has told me about his plans and ambitions in Manchester.” Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt