Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is pushing ahead with plans to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence in October 2023 and believes the country will vote "Yes" by a comfortable margin. The Scottish Government has referred its plans for IndyRef2 to the Supreme Court amid an explosive row with Downing Street over the jurisdiction of the legislation. But last month, the First Minister and SNP were accused of "betraying" Scotland's poorest pupils after national exam results showed a huge rise in the attainment gap. Scottish islanders have been forced to ration food after those on the Western Isles were been left with a shortage of essential items after the ferry between the islands and the mainland was taken out of service. Ms Sturgeon is also considering requesting British Army assistance and hiring a second cruise ship to house Ukrainian refugees as her Ukraine Super Sponsor scheme descends into chaos. Most recently, Ms Sturgeon and the SNP came under furious attack and were warned drastic action was needed after a bin worker strike left rubbish overflowing and dumped on the streets in Edinburgh. In a furious outburst, Maurice Golden, the Scottish Conservative MSP for the North East Scotland region, told Express.co.uk: "Nicola Sturgeon wants to take her IndyRef case to court when her entire domestic record should be on trial. "She said the exam attainment gap was one of her top priorities, but that is growing when it is meant to be closing. Scottish schoolchildren are being severely hurt by multiple Government failings. "The ferries fiasco was already unacceptable and now we are seeing a ludicrous situation where islanders are having to ration food because of the failures of the ferries to transport both people and goods. "There are failures on tackling climate change - three of the last four years have failed to meet emissions targets. "That's why Nicola Sturgeon, to distract from those domestic failings, is focusing on her the number one priority, which is a 'pretend' Scottish independence referendum." Mr Golden claimed success for the First Minister with the Scottish independence campaign is the "last throw of the dice" for her Government. He fumed the SNP leader should instead be turning her attention to "reversing a series of her own Government's failings" by focusing on what is most important to Scots. The Scottish Tory MSP continued: "IndyRef2 is the last throw of the dice because there are no successes she can point to domestically. "Therefore, she attempts to create grievance with Westminster by attempting to hold a 'pretend' referendum. "This isn't a referendum, and she simply fails to understand that 'no means no'. "The time would be best served trying to reverse a series of her own Government's failings." Express.co.uk has contacted the Scottish Government for comment. Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss has continued to categorically rule out IndyRef2, and said Ms Sturgeon should instead focus on dealing with the very real issues in Scotland". Speaking during a hustings event in Perth last month, the Foreign Secretary said: "If I am elected as prime minister, I will not allow another independence referendum "At the time of the 2014 referendum, it was agreed by the SNP that it was a once-in-a-generation referendum. "I believe in politicians keeping their promises, and Nicola Sturgeon should keep her promise. "What she should do, rather than agitating for another referendum, is dealing with the very real issues in Scotland." Pressed on whether he would rule out a Scottish independence referendum or allow it, Tory leadership rival Rishi Sunak told the same hustings event: "I can't imagine the circumstances in which I would. "We live in a union which is of course there by consent and by democracy and I accept that, but I just don't think that anybody thinks that now or any time in the near future is remotely the time to focus on this."