The Tory leadership favourite said she would take a three-pronged attack on tackling soaring energy costs. Addressing a 6,000-strong rally of Conservative members at Wembley Arena in London, she reiterated her two priorities to cut taxes and to secure Britain's energy supply. She said a third priority was to address costs in the form of a budget or a "fiscal event" this month, saying: "In a fiscal event, the Chancellor would address the issue of household support." She also told LBC's Nick Ferrari there would be "no new taxes" if she wins the race to No.10. The Foreign Secretary also ruled out energy rationing to help deal with the crisis, adding: "I will be looking across the board to make sure we're increasing supply and therefore dealing with the root cause of the issue, rather than just putting a sticking plaster on. But I would absolutely be looking to act on business energy costs." The hustings were the 12th and final event of the six-week campaign to replace Boris Johnson. Voting closes tomorrow with Ms Truss or Rishi Sunak being announced as new PM on Monday. Ms Truss won cheers as she accused Labour Mayor Sadiq Khan of holding London back. "He is anti-everything. He is anti-car, he is anti-business, he is anti-opportunity.And he is holding London back," she said. Asked if former US President Donald Trump was "friend or foe", Ms Truss refused to comment on potential presidential runners. Asked if China's President Xi is a "foe", Ms Truss said she is "concerned about China's assertiveness" and called for Britain to avoid becoming "strategically dependent" on that country. Mr Sunak heaped praise on Ms Truss,telling the crowd: "I agree with Liz on far more than we disagree on - and I don't just mean our shared love for Whitney Houston and Taylor Swift. "Liz is a fantastic Foreign Secretary, she's a terrific ambassador for our country and we all should pay her an enormous tribute because she is a proud and passionate Conservative." The former Chancellor said the party will "come together" after the leadership election. He was cheered on by his wife Akshata Murthy and his parents in the Wembley audience. He insisted inflation "will be my number one priority" adding: "I can guarantee that it will fall far faster with my plan than it will with anyone else's." He refused to rule out energy rationing, saying: "We shouldn't rule anything out because the challenges that we face with this crisis are significant. "As many countries are looking at how we can all optimise our energy usage, that is a sensible thing for us to be doing as a country."