Gorbachev was a man who sought peaceful relations between the East and West without sacrificing his own principles. He sought to democratise the Russian political system and ended the Cold War with Western Europe leading to the fall of the Berlin Wall. He received a Nobel Peace Prize for his work and although some of his countrymen may criticise his relinquishment of Russia as the draconian superpower it once was in Eastern Europe he did it for the greater good and for that, he will always be remembered. It’ll be a sad day on Monday to say goodbye to a Prime Minister who listened to the people, did an amazing job with Brexit, got us through Covid and who is supporting the Ukrainians in a war with Russia, says Suzi White, from Taunton, Somerset. No other Prime Minister did so much in such a short term in office. If he goes, and fingers crossed he’s saved at the 11th hour, at the very least he should be appointed foreign minister to help promote the UK. And thank you Daily Express for the privilege of being able to meet and talk to Boris in person. I have to disagree with those who want Boris back as PM. He did some good things, like Brexit and the delivery of Covid vaccines, says Steve Collard, from Torquay, Devon. Unfortunately he has done more bad. His lockdowns have caused massive health problems and trashed the economy. His obsession with net zero is costing us billions and his preening on the world stage and giving staggering amounts of money to Ukraine while we have millions facing poverty doesn’t impress me. Why do we not send the illegal migrants back to France?, asks Peter Morgan, from Shrewsbury, Salop. Macron threatened to bus them out of Paris and across France to the Channel ports and we placate the EU, saying we cannot send them back to the safe country they came from because we might infringe their human rights. When are we going to stand up to the hypocrisy of the EU who don’t want these migrants in their wonderful European free world. When are the British people going to take action after another episode of headline-making by Meghan the arch publicity seeker?, asks Ed Foley, from Bandon, County Cork. She will continue to make the monarchy a laughing stock until she is relieved of her title. Only then will the US media dismiss her for what she is.