Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, British journalist and columnist, said she cannot believe Camilla “cares about women” and suggested that she was responsible for “destroying a young Diana’s life”. In an impassioned speech, Ms Alibhai-Brown threw herself back in her chair as she scoffed at the idea that Camilla “helps women”, before Jeremy Vine had to cut her short. It comes as a new edition book detailing Diana’s struggle with Prince Charles and Camilla’s affair revealed that the young princess confronted Ms Parker-Bowles during a party about the misbehaviour.    Royal biographer Angela Levin said: “It is not Charles' fault that that happened. It is an absolute tragedy but you cannot just blame him for that.” Mr Vine said: “And yesterday was the 25th anniversary of Diana dying.” Ms Alibhai-Brown said: “And, you know, Camilla helping women … Well, she destroyed a young woman’s life, who was a girl when they plucked her. “I’m sorry but I cannot believe that she actually cares about women.”    Camilla Parker-Bowles reportedly had an affair with Prince Charles while he was still married to Princess Diana. In an edition of Andrew Morton’s book ‘Diana: Her True Story — In Her Own Words’, published for the 25th anniversary of her death, it was revealed that the princess confronted Camilla about the affair. The pair spoke during a party held by the socialite Lady Annabel Goldsmith in February 1989 for Camilla’s sister’s 40th birthday. Diana described the ordeal as part of the “worst day of my life” in the book, having realised that Camilla and Charles had got back together. READ MORE: 'Mr Wonderful' Diana's boyfriend showed princess 'what real love was' [REVEAL]   In Mr Morton’s book, it reads: “The worst day of my life was realising that Charles had gone back to Camilla. “And one of the bravest moments of my entire ten years of marriage was when we went to this ghastly party. “Nobody expected me to turn up to the party [thrown by Lady Annabel Goldsmith in February 1989 for Camilla’s sister’s 40th birthday], but a voice inside me said: ‘Go for the hell of it.’ So I psyched myself up something awful.” The chapter goes on to describe how Diana intruded on Charles and Camilla downstairs at the party, and Diana then asked to speak alone to Ms Parker-Bowles. DON'T MISS: Meghan Markle nightmare as Princess Diana would NOT be a fan [REPORT] Princess Diana's former bodyguard on what he thinks really killed her [INSIGHT] Meghan's split from 'tone deaf' royals is 'worryingly' like Diana [REVEAL]   In the book, it reads: “I said to Camilla: ‘Would you like to sit down?’ So we sat down, and I was utterly terrified of her, and I said: ‘Camilla, I would just like you to know that I know exactly what is going on.’ “She said: ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about!’ And I said: ‘I know what’s going on between you and Charles, and I just want you to know that.’” It later added: “She said to me: ‘You’ve got everything you ever wanted. You’ve got all the men in the world falling in love with you, and you’ve got two beautiful children. What more could you want?’ “So I said: ‘I want my husband.’” The book later recounts Diana’s struggle with bulimia and the stress caused by Prince Charles’ reported inattentiveness. READ NEXT: Prince William and Harry rebuked as Diana's butler slams feudArchie makes the sweetest tribute to DianaPrince George’s tribute to ‘Granny Diana’ 25 years after deathDiana and Philip’s relationship: Duke wanted ‘record set straight'Evidence in Diana’s death investigation could ‘have ended monarchy'  