Lilia Valutyte died from a single stab wound as she played with a hula hoop next to her five-year-old sister outside her mother’s embroidery shop in Boston, Lincolnshire, in July. Lithuanian fruit picker Deividas Skebas has been charged with Lilia’s murder and has been remanded into custody following an appearance at Lincoln Crown Court.  On Friday hundreds of mourners joined a procession through the town which followed a white and pink horse-drawn carriage carrying the nine-year-old’s body. The colourful white coffin, covered in butterflies and pink flowers, was carried into St Botolph’s Church by pallbearers wearing bright pink ties as Lilia’s heartbroken mother, Lina Savicke, 35, wept. The service included hymns Kumbaya, My Lord and I Heard the Voice of Jesus Say. Lina paid tribute to her daughter last month telling how she “loved to dance, travel and try new things, and annoy her sister”. During a moving service the Reverend Jane Robertson told the congregation: “We have come here today to remember Lilia.  “We have come to give thanks for her life – her life that was taken so suddenly from her. “I have met many, many people who have come into this place to express how they feel about the tragic death of Lilia.” The Rev Robertson said people had spoken of how they felt ­“powerless to help her family”. She added: “Let’s transform lives because of what we feel today.” There were two displays at the front of the church.  Concluding the service, the Rev Robertson told mourners: “We will be changed forever because of that child. Lilia, we are glad you were here. You have changed our lives – rest in peace, little one.” Skebas is next due in court for a case for a plea and trial preparation hearing on September 19, when a provisional trial date will be fixed. An inquest heard Lilia, who was born in Boston to a Lithuanian ­family, died from a single stab wound to the chest.  One had floral tributes in the shape of butterflies positioned next to a framed picture of Lilia. The other had drawings laid out on a table, with one bearing the words “We will miss you” with by the name “Lilia” ­written in the ­centre of a heart. There were also two sketches depicting Lilia as an angel, as well as a further photo of her next to the words: “You will be missed and we will keep loving you.” The Rev Robertson admitted that the feeling of anger in the town was “real and valid”, adding: “I can see there is such sadness and grief.” Lilia’s family and close friends left the service to Shine A Light by Bryan Adams before making their way to a private burial. 