Daniil Medvedev has thrown his support behind Serena Williams in the 23-time Grand Slam champion’s final tournament. With the American due to retire after the US Open, she is through to the third round after beating world No 2 Anett Kontaveit and the reigning men’s champion believes Williams can go all the way and end her career on a high. Williams announced that she would be “evolving away from tennis” a couple of weeks before the US Open, with her home Grand Slam tournament expected to be the last of her career. But the former world No 1 has continued to postpone her retirement, finding herself in the third round after battling past the second seed on Wednesday night. The six-time former champion in Flushing Meadows admitted that she wasn’t expecting a fairytale goodbye at the US Open, saying that she didn’t know if she’d be “ready to win”. But some are already tipping Williams to end her career victorious after two impressive displays in her first two rounds, and Medvedev is backing the 40-year-old to go all the way. The ATP world No 1 followed Williams onto Arthur Ashe Stadium after her 7-6(4) 2-6 6-2 win over Kontaveit on Wednesday and admitted that he had been watching the match from the locker room. “I think everybody wants Serena to win this week, these two weeks, actually,” he told the crowd after earning a straight-set victory to close play on the main showcourt for the night. JUST IN: Medvedev raises Nadal fears ahead of potential US Open final showdown  “I tried to save my energy so I was watching it on the TV trying to be really calm and relaxed but yeah it was a crazy match and it’s yeah that she’s beating the second seed.” And last year’s champion admitted that he thought Williams could pull off the fairytale farewell after her win over the world No 2, adding: “So she can do everything these two weeks.” Medvedev’s praise for the woman regarded as the GOAT of the sport didn’t end there, as he continued to gush over the 73-time singles title winner in his press conference. “It’s New York, it’s Serena. It’s an icon, queen,” he smiled. “I think we can say like 35 words and in ten seconds you can find amazing words to describe her.” The top seed in the men’s draw isn’t the only champion backing Williams to win a 24th and final Grand Slam this fortnight, as seven-time Grand Slam champion John McEnroe hailed her performance. “All of a sudden she’s playing in a way that, dare I say, we expect her to play, even at 40,” he told Eurosport. DON'T MISS Cameron Norrie cruisis into US Open third round after Joao Sousa winCarlos Alcaraz one step closer to Rafael Nadal feat with US Open winNick Kyrgios explains 'professionalism' after spitting and swearing   “I mean she played unreal. This was a seriously high quality second round match.” And fellow retired pro-turned-pundit Mats Wilander echoed his sentiment, adding: “She wins a match, then two, then the tables flip completely and now she is one of the favourites.” Williams herself is staying coy about her chances but admitted that she is playing with a freedom she hasn’t felt since winning her maiden Grand Slam title here in 1999. “Honestly, I never get to play like this since ’98 really,” she admitted. “Literally, I’ve had an X on my back since ’99. It’s kind of fun. I really enjoy just coming out and enjoying it. It’s been a long time since I’ve been able to do that.” 