Britons heading to Malaga in sunny Spain will once again be able to visit Sacaba beach. On Tuesday, August 30, Sacaba beach was closed to the public, between the breakwater of La Termica and the mouth of the Guadalhorce River. Sacaba beach is located in the western area of the city of Malaga. The reason for this was that high levels of faecal matter were found in a water sample. The beach has now been given the go ahead by Malaga City Council to reopen after new water samples were taken. READ MORE: British expat who moved to Spain exposes the biggest challenge  The Juntas Ministry of Health took the samples and deemed the beach suitable for reopening. But this was not the first time this event had occurred this summer, shutting the beach down. During this summer alone, the beach was shut down twice more due to this type of contamination. The previous two times were due to a sewage spill from pipe damage by a construction company, Construcciones Verosa. The first spill reportedly caused the beach to close for six days, and the second for another several days. But this was not the first time this event had occurred this summer, shutting the beach down. The municipal water company, Emasa, assured visitors to the beach that the supply and drainage network had been checked. The result was that no deficiency or breakage was found that could have caused a spillage. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares how passengers are used for key task on board  The cause of the contamination is still being investigated currently. Teresa Porras, the Councillor for Beaches, suggested one possible reason for the contamination. She explained that high levels of bacteria can be caused by stormwater runoff from the rain. The beach is in close proximity to the Guadalhorce river. Another cause of faecal matter ending up in the sea is that rain can wash pet waste into bodies of water. Runoff from industrial scale livestock operations can do the same. Flooding and extreme weather can also facilitate the movement of faecal matter into the sea. It is 750m long, 60m wide and a relatively quiet beach. As it stands, locals and visitors to Malaga are now able to enjoy the beach and swim safely.