Katherine Dow Blyton made her Emmerdale debut as Harriet Finch almost a decade ago and the character has been embroiled in some major storylines within that time. In recent years, she fell for village hard man Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley), got brutally stabbed and became a police officer after leaving St Mary's Church. Harriet is set to feature heavily in the soap's 50th-anniversary plot, but Katherine has shared her fears of being axed from the ITV serial drama. Emmerdale fans are counting down the days until the soap marks its milestone 50th anniversary this October. Producers have promised a month of explosive storylines are being planned throughout the month and Harriet is due to be at the centre of a storm. Kim Tate (Claire King) and Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) are tying the knot on October 16 for the "wedding of the decade". However, their marriage could be over before it even begins when Harriet declares her undying love for Will in a major twist.  READ MORE: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles  Emmerdale bosses have teased some characters might get killed off as part of the anniversary month - could Harriet be one of those if a furious Kim murders her? Harriet actress Katherine exclusively opened up to Express.co.uk about her future on the ITV soap. When asked if she was worried about saying goodbye to colleagues in the upcoming months, Katherine replied: “Well, you never know, do you? "That’s showbiz, one minute you are here and the next you're not here."   She continued: “But it’s a risk you take and it’s part of the job, isn’t it? "Whatever happens you get to be involved in some fabulous storylines, so you have to seize the day.” She was being interviewed alongside Cain actor Jeff who explained the soap's actors are only given a year's contract at a time. He added: “I sometimes find that hard to believe but they have got to keep the show moving and they’ve got to freshen up the show. “But sometimes they do have to say goodbye to people and that is always upsetting but one day I am sure it will be me, it could be me this year.”  DON'T MISS...Lucy Pargeter children: Does Emmerdale’s Chas Dingle star have kids? [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Kim turns killer as she discovers Will's affair [LATEST]Emmerdale fans ‘work out’ Samson Dingle is not father of Amelia’s baby [SPOILER] Emmerdale viewers would be gutted to see Harriet or Cain leave the soap as they have been key characters for years. Jeff has played Cain on and off for two decades and is also set to be involved in the anniversary storylines as his mother Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) lives out her final days. Faith has terminal cancer and is receiving palliative care as she tries to live the last of her life to the full surrounded by her family and friends. In recent weeks she and Cain have tried to mend their fractured relationship and viewers have even seen a softer side to him.  Cain even shed a tear as he and his mother watched the sunrise and attempted to put the horrors of the past behind them. The mechanic has always struggled to warm up to his mother due to the way she treated him when he was growing up which left him feeling abandoned. While bosses have confirmed Sally is leaving the soap, they have not revealed when her final episode will air. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 