Leonardo DiCaprio, 47, was seen with his girlfriend Camila Morrone in Malibu earlier this week and fans were left stunned by the actor's transformation as it is clear he has lost an impressive amount of weight since their most recent holiday together. Pictures shared on social media showed Leo looking almost unrecognisable wearing a beige baseball cap, beige shorts and a navy t-shirt. The actor has lost a substantial amount of weight in the last two years as back in 2020, not-so-flattering pictures showed him in the sea while enjoying a holiday in the Caribbean with Camila. Now, Leo looks slimmer than ever, but how did he do it? It is believed he follows "a really strict diet and a workout regime" when he has to slim down for a new role. An insider from a film explained: “There’s an action scene coming up at the end of the year in which Leonardo DiCaprio needs to appear emaciated, so the pressure is on. Leo isn’t the kind of guy who can just lose a radical amount of weight… READ MORE: Kate Middleton diet: The Duchess' diet plan she follows to stay slim  "Leonardo DiCaprio is on a really strict diet and is on a workout regime. Leonardo DiCaprio, when he sets his mind to do things he is always determined to achieve them. This might be a bit hard for him, but it's guaranteed that he will be successful.” It is reported Leonardo DiCaprio is a very healthy eater and he usually opts for healthy and organic foods as opposed to pastries or tasty treats on set. Actors often follow crash diets, which are meal plans that severely restrict caloric intake, to lose weight fast. With crash diets, slimmers will see a dramatic weight loss in just weeks but it is advised to speak to a doctor or GP before starting a very restrictive diet.  Crash diets, such as the Military Diet, "help you lose weight quickly, up to 10 pounds (4.5kg) in a week," Healthline explained. The Military Diet, also called the three-day diet, is a short-term, calorie-restricted meal plan followed by four days off. Healthline states: "Followers of the diet are told to repeat the weekly cycle for up to one month, or until they reach their goal weight. "Because it follows on-and-off calorie restriction, the Military Diet is a form of intermittent fasting. Intermittent fasting diets are characterised by shifting between periods of reduced calorie intake and periods of unrestricted feeding." READ MORE: Weight loss: Dad loses impressive 4 stone with delicious diet plan However, the health site explained that "while the diet may lead to rapid, short-term weight loss, it’s highly restrictive, and the results are unlikely to be sustainable in the long term". It is reported DiCaprio also has a personal trainer who helps him with his weight loss exercise routine. The actor may work on a different part of the body every day but likes to concentrate on his legs and arms. Leo also practices strength training meaning he lifts weights, to work on his upper body and arms. Weight lifting is a great way to burn fat but exercise needs to be practised regularly in order to lose weight. On social media, fans praised the actor's transformation with @dasha.german saying: "Well the belly is lost!" Another one, @kapollard1, commented: "Hot hot hot!" and @all_sandy added: "Wow he is looking fit!" Instagram user @lanamood24 said: "Leo looks great!" and another social media user, @bloodyitaliangirl, commented: "He lost weight!!" Leo started dating his girlfriend, the Argentine-American model Camila Morrone, back in 2017.