Jennifer Lopez has told how her family was "worried" ahead of her wedding to Hollywood actor Ben Affleck. The hitmaker, 53, continues to share insights from her glamorous wedding, including sending a newsletter she sent to her fans, opening up on intimate scenes from the time leading up to to the event to walking down the aisle. Jennifer shockingly revealed that she and her family got sick ahead of the ceremony. She also detailed how the weather leading up to the big day didn't appear to be in their favour. Jennifer wrote: "It had rained at sunset every day that week." "Everyone was worried about the heat, the aptly named 'love bugs,' the details, would the guests all arrive on time, etc." READ MORE: Amanda Holden, 51, goes braless in unbuttoned crochet dress The superstar told how extreme weather worried her and her family and that they all become sick, only getting better before the big day Jennifer continued: "Not to mention the thunder and lightning that arrived almost on cue each day at the exact time the ceremony was supposed to start that Saturday. "Oh, and all of us caught a stomach bug and were recuperating 'til late in the week." "That, and along with a few other unexpected setbacks, had all the makings of a doozie of a wedding weekend," she added. However, even with all the mishaps, Jennifer told how felt "calm" about finally marrying her beau. She wrote: "The truth is, I never had one doubt. All week I felt the calm and easy certainty that we were in God's hands…." Earlier this month shared a stunning first look of her bridal attire as she took to Instagram and shared a close up selfie wearing her veil. The superstar has been absent from social media this month as she spent July on her honeymoon alongside Ben Affleck and their five children - from previous relationships - as they travelled to Paris, France and Capri. DON'T MISS... Lennox Lewis' bruising row with Anthony Joshua over support [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosis [ANALYSIS]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments [UPDATE] The couple, dubbed Bennifer, exchanged their vows in a wedding held at the actor's home in Savannah, Georgia. The first photo captures a close-up look at the songstress' make-up and veil for the wedding. The Wedding Planner actress looked sensational as she unveiled her flawless makeup which featured a striking cat eye, nude lips and accentuated her cheekbones with a bronze highlight. Other details included the pearl and diamond earrings she accessorised with, a high neckline with a feather trim, and she has a white tulle veil covering her face. According to reports, there were 135 people in attendance at their "old Hollywood-themed" wedding, which was revealed in pictures obtained by Daily Mail. Both their mothers Guadalupe and Chris, her sister Lynda and his best pals Matt Damon and Kevin Smith were there. Jen and Ben tied the knot at his $8.9 million Georgia mansion, an 87-acre compound on Hampton Island Preserve. Photographs from the big day showed the wedding layout which included a massive white carpet, as Jen was seen walking down the aisle in a white Ralph Lauren couture gown complete with a long train and veil, while Ben wore a black and white tuxedo.