Chelsea are reportedly in contention to sign striker Raul de Tomas who looks set to leave La Liga side Espanyol. The Spaniard could be an alternative to top target Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang should a move for the Barcelona forward fall through. The Blues are believed to be close to signing the former Arsenal star, however, have planned contingencies in case of any last-minute hitches. It is no secret that Thomas Tuchel would like to add a striker to his squad following the club’s struggles in front of goal this season. Raheem Sterling is the only member of the front three to have scored this year, with Kai Havertz and Mason Mount struggling for form. The Blues have been chasing Barcelona star Aubameyang for most of the summer with Tuchel keen to be reunited with his former Borussia Dortmund star. The club are believed to have had a bid of £6.5million plus long-serving Spaniard Marcos Alonso accepted for the Gabon captain and he is expected to complete a medical later today. However, Chelsea have alternatives in place should there be any last-minute hitches. Spanish publication Sport report that the Blues are ‘contenders’ to sign Espanyol striker Raul de Tomas. The striker is valued at around £26m and has reportedly missed training today as he looks to force his way out of the La Liga side before the deadline. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace The Stamford Bridge side are not the only Premier League club to be linked with the player, with London rivals Fulham also believed to be interested. Most of Chelsea’s summer businesses has focused on defensive areas with the club spending big to bring in Marc Cucurella, Kalidou Koulibaly and Wesley Fofana. Sterling has been the only senior attacking player the club has signed so far despite their long-running problems in front of goal. Tuchel has been desperately searching to end this record and will have extra options should they complete a deal for Aubameyang or De Tomas. DON'T MISSArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline dayTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm The German lamented his team’s struggles in front of goal after the club’s defeat 2-1 at Southampton on Tuesday, but conceded it was not a new issue. "It's a reality," the 49-year-old said when asked if he was frustrated that Sterling was the only one scoring. "It has happened to our offensive players many times. I think in the first 20 minutes we created chances, half chances, but we struggled to score which is also not brand new for us. The consequence is that you end up losing the match." It appears the 49-year-old is now closing in on the player who he hopes will help end the club’s struggles in front of goal. He will consider the club’s deadline day business to be fruitful if they end up being a success. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here