Tom Chambers won Strictly Come Dancing in 2008 and he has given his advice to the celebrity hopefuls on how to succeed in the competition. With tensions often rising on the gruelling BBC dance competition, the Father Brown actor has detailed the importance of not revealing their dream of lifting the Glitterball Trophy. Former Holby City star Tom provided some vital suggestions for any prospective celebrities on Strictly Come Dancing. He warned against losing the entertainment factor of the primetime show, sometimes due to the inner will of celebrities to win the competition. While acknowledging the natural emotion of wanting to bring the Glitterball Trophy home, Tom believed this shouldn't be made clear to audiences. The actor believed the show ought to remain a joyful experience and he feels it's a bad look when contestants look like they really want to win the competition. Read More: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife Speaking to Express.co.uk, Tom explained: "It's an entertainment show and it's meant to be fun and enjoyable. "Even if you're feeling it on the inside that you're competitive and you want to get to the end or to whatever stage - don't show it." The star won the competition alongside professional Camilla Dallerup and clearly struck the right balance of performing at a high level, but with a smile on his face. Tom added: "As soon as you get a whiff of 'Oh this guy is really over competitive', it's a no-no." The actor had some final words of wisdom for the likes of Will Mellor, Matt Goss, Helen Skelton and everyone else gunning for glory. He said: "You're there to have a great time, to be grateful for the fact you're having world class dance lessons and private classes 1-2-1. "So yes- be grateful, be humble." Strictly will return to BBC screens with a launch show on September 17 as the stars learn who they will be partnered with. DON'T MISS... Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood has already predicted who he feels will lift the Glitterball trophy come December. The flamboyant judge feels Will is the one to watch in this year's battle of the ballroom. He revealed: "I’m looking forward to seeing Will, I’ve got to say. I think he’s got a real charm about him and I think he’ll be able to bring that onto the dance floor." Will, like Tom, has also starred in Casualty and was over the moon to be part of the Strictly Come Dancing line-up. He declared: "I'm honestly so chuffed to be taking part in Strictly Come Dancing this year. "Not going to lie, it's totally out of my comfort zone and I know it will be a huge challenge but that's what life is all about." The actor will also be dedicating his performances to one woman in particular: "This is also my Mum's favourite show and she’s had a really tough few years so I’m doing this for her as well. Bring it on!” Strictly Come Dancing returns on Saturday, September 17, on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.