Roma chief Tiago Pinto has admitted he has scheduled meetings with the agent of Nicolo Zaniolo as the Giallorossi seek to tie the Tottenham target down to a new deal. Pinto also revealed the highly-rated attacker was "never close to leaving" this summer despite strong links to the likes of Spurs and Juventus. Antonio Conte added eight signings to his ranks in the transfer window just gone, but was thought to have been keen to bring at least another attacker this summer. Roma starlet Zaniolo was said to have been one of the Italian's top targets, however an anticipated move failed to materialise. According to Roma chief Pinto, a transfer for Zaniolo away from the Eternal City this summer was "never close" and now Spurs have been served a further setback. The Portuguese Sporting Director has revealed discussions have begun with Zaniolo's agent over a new contract for the 23-year-old. “He was never close to leaving," Pinto said. "As we said before, this is a season of recovery for him, he is very happy, helped the team and there was never a problem. Now I’ve started organising with his agent that we’ll plan our meetings so as not to fan the flames of press speculation.” JUST IN: Chelsea offer Aubameyang injury update as Blues facing delay With Zaniolo's current deal set to expire in the summer of 2024, there's been a growing sense of uncertainty over where his future lies. Juventus were expected to conclude a deal for the winger earlier in the summer, before Conte's Tottenham emerged as favourites to poach the Italian international towards the end of the window. Zaniolo has netted 22 goals and registered a further 15 assists in 113 appearances from Roma since making his debut back in 2018. The attacker is currently sidelined having suffered a shoulder injury in the Giallorossi's recent Serie A clash with Cremonese.  Jose Mourinho's side enjoyed an eye-catching summer transfer window, which saw them make a number of shrewd signings including Paulo Dybala, Nemanja Matic, Andrea Belotti and Georginio Wijnaldum - although the latter faces a spell on the sidelines after suffering a broken leg in training just one game into the Serie A season. READ MORE: Neymar ‘was offered to Man City’ by PSG in deadline day twist Despite Roma's impressive recruitment, Pinto dismissed his club's title chances, adding: “The squad has been improved, I don’t think there’s much doubt on that, but I don’t agree with those who say we have an instant team. "Roma are the fourth youngest squad in Serie A, Jose Mourinho has transformed regular players into great ones and we expect even more this season than the last, but that doesn’t mean we are going to talk about the Scudetto as a target.”