He has honoured the contributions of African-Caribbean communities to the arts and society. The Voice newspaper records Charles' “long-standing collaboration with Black leaders”, his office said, as the royal family increasingly engages with Britain's legacy of slavery and the country's colonial past.  Prince Charles said: “Over the last four decades, with all the enormous changes that they have witnessed, Britain's only surviving Black newspaper has become an institution and a crucial part of the fabric of our society. “This is why I was so touched to be invited to edit this special edition.” In its editorial, @thevoicenews says: “This is not about the monarchy as an institution or the history of colonialism or slavery… “We know how far we have to go to make real progress on race equality, but we have an ally in Prince Charles and that is significant.”  Britain's history is marked by its central role in the slave trade and colonial rule over much of Africa and the Caribbean. The future King has expressed his deep sorrow over Britain's colonial past following criticism which has followed various royal tours. The so-called Windrush generation of post-war migrants from the Caribbean, named after the first ship to bring them, have continued to suffer injustice. In 2018, Britain apologised after thousands were denied basic rights despite having lived in Britain for decades and dozens were wrongly deported.  READ MORE: William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row The paper includes a piece on an art exhibition to mark the 75th anniversary of Windrush and an interview with Doreen Lawrence, the mother of a schoolboy murdered by racists in 1993, who has set up a partnership in his memory to provide art scholarships, supported by the Prince's Foundation. Lester Holloway, editor of The Voice said: “Our readers may be surprised at the parallels between the issues which The Voice has campaigned on for four decades and the work The Prince of Wales (Charles) has been involved in over the same period, often behind the scenes.” Last year Charles travelled to Barbados for a ceremony where the Caribbean nation ditched Queen Elizabeth II as head of state, forging a new republic as it reappraises its relationship with its former colonial power.  DON'T MISS:Biden promises Israel to ‘never allow’ Iran to acquire nuclear weaponPenny Mordaunt ‘declares’ Truss for PM Royal Family LIVE: Meghan sparks US backlash for 'whining' about Firm