As BBC Breakfast paid tribute to Bill Turnbull, his former Strictly Come Dancing partner Karen Hardy joined Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt to recall working with him. The professional dancer sobbed as she read out the final message she received from the beloved broadcaster. Karen commented: “I did want to share, I know time is short but one of my last texts from him. “He goes, ‘Amazing how after 16 years people still ask me about Strictly. “Some of the best fun I ever had. I’m always grateful to you for that.’” Karen broke down in tears as she read out the sweet message as Naga stepped in. “Karen the bonds that you created and had, it was precious and I know it’s so upsetting but you’ve done him proud,” Naga comforted her. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife “You’ve done it eloquently, you’ve done it elegantly and you’ve painted a picture of a man we all loved and you’ve absolutely done him proud.” “I’ll tell you the other thing Karen, it’s so lovely hearing your reminisces there,” Charlie added. “What it does, I know you’re a long way away but the pictures this morning of the two of you dancing, I’ve no doubt they would have made a lot of people smile. It was just fun.” “I thank him for being a big part of what Strictly is today,” Karen shared. “He brought that family entertainment, had the most incredible family he was forever talking about and some of the funny things he shared with me. “He’s an absolute gentleman and we’re celebrating his magic.” Karen broke down in tears on Thursday morning just hours after she heard the news of Bill’s death. Speaking on BBC News about their first meeting, she recalled: “Bill Turnbull was my first ever partner on Strictly Come Dancing and I never forget, we were never allowed to know who the celebrities were, everything was very secretive, and I was driven out in a BBC car, out into a forest. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid shares touching tribute to 'wise' Bill Turnbull [VIDEO]Bill Turnbull encouraged BBC cameraman to go for cancer check [INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull's Deborah James tribute after both battled cancer [UPDATE] “It seemed like a forest and there was this beautiful driveway we drove up to and all the way along I was thinking, ‘What have I done? What have I done? I’m coming out of retirement, I’ve won these titles, what am I doing?’ “I didn’t know who would be behind this door and I remember standing there and this gruff voice cam out from behind. “‘Good Lord, can we please just get on and get this over with?’ I never forget it. “I’m hiding outside the door with the camera crew and they’re like ‘just don’t worry.’” Karen continued: ““And I was like, ‘Does this gentleman even know what I have given up for him? Does he even know who I am? Does he even know what I’ve achieved?’ “All of that was going through my mind and then I met this man that turned out to be my mentor, friend, oh gosh, so much. “I owe him so much because it was from that first show and my debut on TV that he made TV magical.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.