After the confirmation that filming for the new episodes was underway, fans began to eagerly await the release of Outlander’s seventh season. Despite preparing for his role as Jamie Fraser, actor Sam Heughan has also devoted his time to some charitable causes, which he updated fans about.   Sam initially opened up about the Munro Step Challenge in September and labelled it one of his “favourite challenges throughout the year". He vowed to take part in the charitable walk to raise awareness for the charity Blood Cancer UK and encouraged fans to join him. With the Munro Step Challenge kicking off this month, Sam took to Instagram to remind his 3.8 million followers and provide an update. In the video, he stated: “So I just got in from work and my Munro Step Challenge t-shirt has arrived in the post." READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode     As held up the top with his teeth to show the design, he added: “There you go, you can see it. “Every t-shirt that is bought 100 per cent of the profits go to this charity and we’re challenging everyone to walk around the world." Sam explained: “It's a virtual walk, you tally your steps for the month of September, all the profits go to Blood Cancer UK and MPC were supporting them, which is My Peak Challenge. “So if you guys are interested and want to get your steps in, join us and walk the world.”    The actor was inundated with comments from excited fans who shared they were taking part as well as praise for his charitable contributions. An eager @lozanodomi wrote: ”I'm ready Sam, I'm waiting for my Munro step t-shirt. Proud to contribute to this great cause.” @deborah173lee added: “Love your charitable soul.” An excited @lehovo commented: “I got my t-shirt on Monday - I’m in!” DON'T MISS...Where is Only Fools and Horses Damien Trotter star now? [INSIGHT] Outlander’s Brianna Fraser star ‘almost set myself on fire’ [INSIGHT]Outlander star weighs in on starring in prequel Blood of My Blood [INSIGHT] While a fourth fan @toristudelska shared: “Got my shirt and ready to roll!!” Sam has been taking part in the Munro Step Challenge since 2015, and will likely be taking part from the Scottish Highlands where he is filming season seven of Outlander. Throughout the challenge, participants will be able to choose from a list of famous trails and join virtually. They will be able to keep count of their steps as they walk in their local area or on a treadmill.   While those who are lucky enough to live near the famous trails may choose to walk those instead. The challenge will also support his charity, My Peak Challenge (MPC) which was founded in 2015 to help its members live healthier and happier while ‘raising funds to change lives'. According to their website, MPC supports hunger relief, blood-cancer research, end-of-life care, and environmental protection efforts. As for the upcoming instalment of Outlander, the cast and crew have remained tight-lipped about the season, leaving fans eagerly awaiting its premiere.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and on Starzplay in the UK.