More than 11,000 prepayment customers were incorrectly charged, with a total of £106,000 owed to consumers. The overcharged amounts were taken from customers between January 2019 and September 2022, as a result of operational errors. Shell Energy said it would be writing to customers about the issue, with the money to be repaid automatically. A spokesperson for the firm said: “We’re sincerely sorry that errors updating our prepayment meter rates resulted in some customers being overcharged for a period of time. “As soon as we identified the issue we began taking steps to put it right, and self-reported it to Ofgem. “The overcharge, which averages £9.40 per customer, will be refunded along with a gesture of goodwill. We will be writing to customers to let them know.” The error occurred when tariffs were updated for prepayment meters, with the new rates sent out as a result of the energy price cap changing. READ MORE: Save £110 in 4 minutes - simple bathroom trick slashes household bills Not all meters were correctly updated to the revised rates, as a result of “a variety of operational issues”, Ofgem officials said. The problem affected 11,275 customers, who paid above the rates that were allowed under the price cap at the time. Shell Energy will also pay £30,970 in goodwill payments to those who were affected and £400,000 to Ofgem’s voluntary consumer redress fund. Ofgem said in a statement: “In determining this redress package, we have considered the additional financial hardship that this issue may have placed on prepayment customers, especially when energy prices are at historic high levels. “We have also considered past compliance with the price cap, noting that in 2019 Shell Energy Retail Limited agreed to refund and compensate 12,000 customer accounts it overcharged when the price cap was introduced (trading as First Utility at the time of breach).” DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT] Officials said the error was a “serious matter” but it would not take formal enforcement action as the firm had been protective in self-reporting the problem. The redress package would have been much more severe if the energy firm had not reported the issue. A UK resident recently urged consumers to check their tariff after she managed to slash her bill in half, as it turned out she was on the wrong rate. Sharing her story on Twitter, Wendy (@wsa195), said: “I had to get someone I knew with some knowledge to look into it and they discovered my tariff didn’t reflect the meter readings I was providing. “I learnt to just give meter readings every month and check that I’m on the correct tariff or it’s pointless.” READ MORE: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 Savings expert, Nick Drewe, from online discounts group WeThrift, encouraged Britons to make sure they understand how their energy tariff works so they know much they are spending. He said: “Whilst there are often a lot of terms and conditions to read, attempting to understand the information related to your energy tariff and household consumption could help you keep the costs of your bills down. “The personal projection on the bill is the amount your household is expected to spend over the next 12 months, and the tariff comparison rate figure helps you understand how much you’re spending per kilowatt hour of gas and electricity. “Knowing this information will make it easier when comparing energy deals if you are planning to switch to a cheaper one, or help you monitor your current energy consumption.” Neil Lawrence, director of Retail at Ofgem, said the regulator expects suppliers to adhere to its terms of contract with customers. He said: “Households across Britain are already struggling with rising energy bills and living costs. “Overcharging by suppliers can cause additional and unnecessary stress and worry at what is already a very challenging time for consumers across the UK. “Ofgem is always prepared to work with suppliers who have failed to comply with their obligations, but who have self-reported and are determined to put things right, as Shell has done here. “The contributions Shell has made to the redress fund will help to support vulnerable consumers with their energy bills.”