The Russian leader left his official bulletproof Aurus limousine to speak to locals in Kalinigrad on Thursday. Video footage captured panicked bodyguards amid fears of an assassination attempt on President Putin. He spoke to people as he left Nakhimov School, a major naval academy. Putin asked: "All fine?" A voice replied: "All fine." He asked: "Doesn’t the governor [of Kaliningrad] offend you?" "No," replied someone from the crowd. READ MORE: Russians 'demoralised' as leaders abandon front amid Ukraine attack It comes as Germany's chief of defence has warned that the West must not underestimate Moscow's military strength, saying Russia has the scope to open up a second front should it choose to do so. "The bulk of the Russian land forces may be tied down in Ukraine at the moment but, even so, we should not underestimate the Russian land forces' potential to open a second theatre of war," General Eberhard Zorn, the highest-ranking soldier of the Bundeswehr, told Reuters in an interview. Beyond the army, Russia also has a navy and air force at its disposal, he added. "Most of the Russian navy has not yet been deployed in the war on Ukraine, and the Russian air force still has significant potential as well, which poses a threat to NATO too," Zorn said. The Bundeswehr regularly supports NATO air policing missions over the Baltic states with fighter jets and, having one of the strongest fleets in the region, is also keeping a close eye on the developments in the Baltic Sea at its doorstep. One potential hotspot there is Kaliningrad, a Russian exclave sandwiched between NATO members Poland and Lithuania, that hosts Russia's Baltic naval fleet and is a deployment location for Russian nuclear-capable Iskander missiles. Russia has threatened to station nuclear and hypersonic weapons in Kaliningrad should Finland and Sweden join NATO as they are in the process of doing. Zorn, speaking before the start of an Ukrainian offensive in the south, stressed that Russia continued to have substantial reserves. DON'T MISS Putin on back foot as Zelensky's men 'surprise' with bold move [INSIGHT]Ukraine LIVE: Putin worry as Crimea water supply under serious threat [LIVE]Frantic Putin turns to teen conscripts as 'cannon fodder' [ANALYSIS] "As concerns its military, Russia is very well capable of expanding the conflict regionally," the general said. "That this would be a very unreasonable thing for Russia to do is a different story." Referring to the military situation in Ukraine, Zorn said the dynamic of Russia's attack had slowed down but Russia was still pressing steadily ahead. "Supported by massive artillery fire, they are driving their advance forward - regardless of civilian Ukrainian casualties," he said. He also suggested that Russia was not about to run out of ammunition any time soon.