In a last-ditch attempt to hold a second independence referendum, Scotland’s First Minister is seeking to override Westminster through a Supreme Court’s ruling on the legality of IndyRef2. If the court rules holding a second referendum is illegal without Westminster’s consent, Nicola Sturgeon has threatened to use the next General Election as a de facto referendum on independence. Yes Scotland's Chief Strategist Stephen Noon has dismissed the plan, saying Scotland’s citizens should decide. He told Scotland Tonight: "So, I think the Scottish government has the right – the democratic and political right – to have a referendum if the Supreme Court says yes. "That’s the fair policy fair approach. I think if we go down the road of a plebiscite election, it takes us into – how does that take us forward? "What actually happens if there’s a narrow SNP victory in a general election?" Nicola Sturgeon is seeking to hold a legal vote to avoid a Catalonia scenario when the country – Spain in that case – did not recognise the region’s independence referendum and considered it void.  Mr Noon said: "The mandate is not recognised by the UK government. We potentially end up in a place, which is more like Catalonia where there’s a contested mandate. "Constitutional convention – and I’m not talking about a constitutional convention like the old one of the great and the good – so there should be something that is much more participative. "Something, where the citizens of Scotland can actually be asked: ‘What sort of country do you want to, create? "You know, where do you want Scotland to be in ten, 20, 30 years’ time?" READ MORE: 'My country has to be free!' Brian Cox in feverish rant for indyref2 "And what powers should the Parliament have in order to enable us to get there?" Mr Noon said In a desperate bid to hold a second referendum on Scotland’s independence, Nicola Sturgeon’s Government submitted its argument in a case that would allow the Scottish Parliament to legislate for another vote. Conservative Prime Ministers – Theresa May and Boris Johnson – have both ruled out handing a section 30 order to Holyrood – a prerequisite for Scotland to legally hold a second vote. Nicola Sturgeon is now going down the legal road with a hearing that will take place in London on October 11 and 12. DON'T MISS: 'Can't wait to not give a f***': Sturgeon hints at succession plans [REVEALED] Nicola Sturgeon shamed — independence would leave Scotland 'poorer' [REPORT] Bin fury– Sturgeon's private rubbish collection funded by Scot taxpyer [REPORT] In the face of Westminster’s opposition, the First Minister is hoping for the UK Supreme Court to greenlight a second vote and allow for a bill to go through Holyrood. "On the question of legislative competence, the UK government's clear view remains that a Bill legislating for a referendum on independence would be outside the legislative competence of the Scottish parliament," a spokeswoman for the UK Government said. Tory leadership frontrunner Liz Truss – who is likely to become the next Prime Minister – has vowed she will "never, ever" let the "family" of the union "be split up". READ NEXT:Andrew Neil destroys Scottish independence dreamsHave your say: Could the UK survive financially without North Sea oil?Naga Munchetty sparks outrage for 'interrupting' SNP's Ian BlackfordSturgeon abandons Scotland littered with rubbish after strikeSturgeon's dream thrown into doubt as ‘better off outside EU’