Alison Mountford is a chef who posts her cleaning tips and tricks online. She recently discussed how to safely defrost meat in 24 hours, two hours, and two minutes on TikTok, where she has almost 40,000 followers and over half a million likes on her account @itschefalison. However, she advised the slowest and coldest methods to defrost food like chicken are the safest. She told followers: "Forget to defrost on time? Here are the three methods to safely defrost meat in 24 hours, two hours, two minutes. They all have pros and cons!" So, what is Alison's preferred way to defrost chicken? She prefers doing it in the fridge. The chef said: "The safest way to defrost it is to put it on a towel on the lowest shelf of your refrigerator so it doesn't drip. But that could take two days and I want to eat it now." The second, and faster method, is using cold water to defrost the chicken. Alison said: "Next up, put a bowl in the sink and fill it up with cold water READ MORE: 'You've got to try this': Genius hack to soften or defrost butter fast without a microwave Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea "In a restaurant, the health department will tell you to keep the water trickling, so it's constantly replenishing, but we're in a drought. So, I'm going to turn the water off and just let it sit there. I'm going to come back and check on it every 30 minutes or so. "The key is to make sure the water feels very cold. If it's warmer where you are top the bowl up with cold water every 30 minutes." Following this method, one pound of chicken is defrosted in an hour and 45 minutes. Next, Alison discussed the third option, which Alison described as the "fastest and least great".  This method uses the microwave. Alison said: "Take the chicken out of the packet and put it on the plate. "Add it to the microwave in 30-second intervals, spinning as you go. Be very careful not to let it actually cook." DON'T MISSBrilliant method to defrost bread in 30 seconds [HACK] Four banana hacks 'tested': Best way to keep them fresh [FOOD] Food hack keeps mushrooms and mozzarella fresh for 10 days [TRICKS] Don't defrost chicken on the counter The counter is not a safe temperature for meat to defrost at. This creates a breeding ground for bacteria and could make someone sick. It's better to let something defrost slowly in the fridge, or more quickly in water. Don't thaw in hot water Hot water, like the counter, thaws too quickly creating a bacteria haven on your meat. Don't use a slow cooker While it might seem like a good idea, don't thaw anything in a slow cooker. It is designed for cooking already thawed food slowly. Putting meat in a slow cooker will leave it teaming with bacteria. Chicken is one of the riskiest foods for food poisoning. This is why it is essential to cook it properly. Salmonella is a risk, when eating chicken, especially if preparing it improperly. It can lead to food poisoning, even typhoid fever, enteric fever, and gastroenteritis. Signs someone is suffering from a sickness caused by bad chicken are: A content creator showed how to defrost bread perfectly in the microwave in just 30 seconds. The money-saver, who uses TikTok under the name @becksavesmoney, has 10.7k followers on the app and has amassed over 199k likes. The content creator demonstrated the tip. She said: "You need to wet a paper towel until it's damp. Put (the bread roll) in the microwave with the damp towel over the top." She then turns the microwave on for half a minute. "Thirty seconds and voila, defrosted bread," the expert said.