Zoe, who posts her cleaning tips to her almost 50,000 followers on her TikTok account @captainmumcleans, is a stay-at-home mum to five young children. She was "only trying to be a good daughter" when she cleaned her mother's bathroom after she and her children stayed in the house. However, she used the wrong product on her mother's toilet, staining it. Zoe explained: "I was staying at my mum's house and used a product from my mum's cleaning cupboard. "It was a Cillet Bang Bleach & Hygiene spray - this sounded perfect for getting my mum's bathroom back to hygienic after the kids had been using it. "I did read the back of the bottle as I wasn’t familiar with the product but all seemed well and I used it across the sink, bath, and then the toilet. "As soon as I sprayed it onto the toilet it instantly created a stain. It also removed the coating on the loo seat." READ MORE: 'Great product' to use daily on the toilet to prevent the build up of stains Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea So why did the cleaner have this impact on Zoe's mother's toilet? She told Express.co.uk: "I since learned - when I was buying a replacement toilet seat - that the loo seat was actually engineered wood - I wouldn’t have guessed that! "So be careful with your products and your surfaces, and check first in an inconspicuous area. This would have saved me £30 on a new toilet seat!" In her video, the mum told her followers: "I've never been keen on bleach. Yes, I know it cleans really well, and I totally understand that nice clean smell that it gives. DON'T MISSGreat' baking soda tip for 'white and shiny' toilet [CLEANING]'Removes hard water stains': Cleaner's little-known toilet weapon [EXPERT] 'Great idea': Cleaning hack for a sparkling toilet [TIPS] "But for me, it's too much for my lungs, and I always get it all over me. So, I don't usually use it." Zoe has amassed 390,000 "likes" on her TikTok account thanks to her cleaning expertise. She aims to spread the message of doing "little and often" to get housework done, "because with young children doing what you can when you can is good enough!" Most metals Bleach will cause metals such as stainless steel to oxidize or corrode with bleach. Some bleach products can be used on metals, but not all, so be very careful. Wood Bleach is not particularly effective on surfaces such as wood, which are porous. Other acidic cleaners can also damage wood, especially wood with a varnish. So, avoid vinegar and lemon on sufaces such as these. Granite Bleach can damage granite, which is an expensive material to replace in the home. The same goes for marble. It is better to clean these surfaces with a cleaner specific to them. Food Do not clean food with bleach. It could make you sick if you ingest it. Water is enough to rinse fresh produce.   Another area of the home that is affected by limescale is the kettle. A content creator discussed how to get limescale out of your kettle easily. Elena runs the TikTok account ThisHouse5000, where she boasts 68.1k followers and two million likes. She created a homemade mixture to eradicate this unsightly limescale. She explained: "I did like three cups of water, and then did I three cups of white vinegar." Then the cleaner boiled the kettle a number of times to encourage this mixture to wash out oall of the limescale. She then rinsed out the kettle a number of times to ensure the taste of the vinegar did not linger, before showing off her sparkling clean appliance.