Two Liverpool players were singled out for criticism after Jurgen Klopp’s side drew 0-0 with local rivals Everton on Saturday. The Reds were unable to find a way past goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, as they slumped to a third draw this season. Neither Trent Alexander-Arnold nor Andrew Robertson played the entire game, as the Scot started on the bench and was brought on for Kostas Tsimikas as part of a double substitution when Alexander-Arnold also came off for James Milner in the 58th minute. The two full-backs have been synonymous with Klopp’s style of play in recent years, but former Arsenal striker Kevin Campbell believes the two have not hit the heights of previous years. “Liverpool have had a bad start to the season,” Campbell told Football Insider. “Trent has been playing the same way that he always plays though. The problem is, when Liverpool are not winning games people look for what is wrong and they question Trent Alexander-Arnold. MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move "The margins are so small. Defensively, we know that he can be got at. Any defender can be got at when there is a speedy forward though. Too many Liverpool players have had bad days at the office this season. The bottom line is, Liverpool have not been playing well enough. You expect more from Robertson and you expect more from Trent Alexander-Arnold though. The levels they have set in previous seasons, they have not hit those levels yet.” Robertson has only completed 90 minutes once in the Premier League this season, and Alexander-Arnold was substituted off for the third game in a row despite Liverpool chasing the winner against both Everton and Newcastle in midweek. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move  Former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch explained that the Alexander-Arnold substitution was planned ahead of the game. "I think that was pre-planned," Crouch told BT Sport. "It was on the 60th minute, the way they took them off at the same time it felt pre-planned. Jurgen Klopp was looking towards the Champions League." Everton icon Duncan Ferguson questioned the decision to take the England full-back off. Strange I thought," Ferguson added. "Taking off two good players really, pushed Milner at right-back against Anthony Gordon, went back a wee bit. When they made the change they weren’t as good as they were, taking off Trent he’s a top, top player. I was surprised with those changes to be honest with you.”