Ross King joined Christine Lampard on ITV’s Lorraine to discuss the latest Meghan Markle news as the presenter questioned whether her popularity in the US was dwindling. The entertainment correspondent referred to a New York Post cover labelling Meghan as “throwing tantrums” about the Royal Family. Ross explained: “I have noticed a shift out here [with her popularity] and a lot of it has to do with timing. “A lot of the news programmes and entertainment shows out here are about sadly the 25th anniversary of Diana’s passing “There was so much there about how much joy she spread to the world, the fashion. “They were covering absolutely everything and then of course along came Meghan’s podcasts. Read more: Meghan needs 'an intervention' after interview claims Ross noted the timing of Meghan’s podcast Archetypes has been slammed by critics. “A lot of people are thinking, ‘What was Meghan really hoping to achieve with this?'" Ross asked. “Now certainly for her employer's point of view what she was hoping to achieve was that the podcast would do well and it has been the number on podcast out here. “But a lot of people are asking questions,” the Lorraine correspondent added. Ross referred to the New York Post article hitting out at Meghan for her latest revelations about the Royal Family made in an interview with The Cut magazine. “In the past there hasn’t been a lot of negative press I would say for Meghan out here,” he continued. “She is to all intents and purposes their princess but I got the feeling this time certainly in terms of the TV shows and media coverage here you can see they’re not happy with her.” “I can definitely see a change in tone here,” he concluded. DON'T MISS Meghan's latest podcast episode savaged 'Disconnected from reality' [INSIGHT]‘Harry's job was to be Wills' wing man’ Paul Burrell slams Sussexes [VIDEO]Denise Welch in furious row on Loose Women 'Meghan can do no right!' [INTERVIEW] The New York Post’s reaction to Meghan’s latest bombshell interview was not a positive one. Maureen Callahan wrote: “Forget the People's Princess — now we're saddled with the Petulant Princess, one whose preferred crown is perpetual victimhood. “For the past three years she's had a global platform, yet all she does with it is complain that she's been censored, silenced, shut out. “Meghan Markle has been a public downer longer than she was a working duchess. It's long past time for a new talking point.” Meghan has released a second episode of her podcast having interviewed Serena Williams for her first instalment. The Duchess of Sussex spoke to Mariah Carey for the latest release of Archetypes Spotify podcast. Meghan admitted to being a “fangirl” of the star as she revealed she looked up to her when she was younger. Recalling how she felt when Mariah first burst onto the music scene, Meghan said she thought: “Oh my gosh. Someone who looks like me, she’s mixed like me.” She added: “Because we're light skinned, you are not treated as a black woman. You're not treated as a white woman. You sort of fit in between. If there is any time where there was more focus on my race it was when I started dating my husband. Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman because up until then I was treated as a mixed woman and things really shifted.” Lorraine airs on ITV on weekdays at 9am.