HBO’s hit fantasy drama House of the Dragon made its record-breaking debut with an in-depth insight into the Targaryen family. Although they started off as best friends, there were rumours of a potential romance between Rhaenyra Targaryen (played by Milly Alcock) and Alicent Hightower (Emily Carey), which the actress has now addressed.  House of the Dragon premiered with a record-breaking 10.2 million viewers, which made the show HBO’s most-watched series premiere of all time. This only seemed to be getting better as the second episode surpassed the groundbreaking viewership of its premiere. As House of the Dragon is based on George RR Martin’s 2018 novel, Fire and Blood, many tuned in to see how the story would be re-told. Whereas a number of other viewers had watched the show’s original series Game of Thrones which introduced Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke). READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling House of the Dragon kicked off with a dramatic start as Aemma Arryn (Sian Brooke) met her death giving birth to the next heir of Westeros. However, this wasn’t to be as the newborn Baelon Targaryen also died just hours after his birth. As a result, King Viserys (Paddy Considine) named his daughter Rhaenyra heir which caused controversy as she was female. Viewers got to see into the Princess’ life as she expressed concern about her future to her best friend Alicent.   However, little did she know, Alicent was set to become her stepmother after Viserys named the 15-year-old as his second wife. Rhaenyra was blindsided and burst out of the room with the future of their friendship left unknown. Fans picked up hints of the two fancying each other during a scene where Rhaenyra had her head on Alicent's thigh and cheekily remarked: “I rather like this position.” Alicent star Emily Carey addressed rumours of a potential romance with Rhaenyra and stated: “14-year-old girls are allowed to change in front of each other when boys aren't, and you go to the bathroom together. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [THEORY]Who plays the Crabfeeder in House of the Dragon? [INSIGHT]Velaryon House: Who is in House Velaryon? [INSIGHT]      “Just like this tactile closeness and this emotional vulnerability that you share with one another, it's almost like having a partner. “You want to be with that person all the time, and all in all just encapsulating you with love.” Emily continued to Entertainment Weekly: “You just want to love that person so deeply, and you think your best friend of 14 is going to be your best friend for the rest of your life. “It does toe the line between platonic and romantic. But I also think, at 14, you don't know what those words mean.”      The 19-year-old added: “You don't know what the feelings mean. It's just love. That's all it is. “Whether it's friendship or more than that, I think it's up to how you want to see it, but it was talked about for sure. “As a viewer, I like to read into it because I also think that it makes the demise of the friendship more heartbreaking to watch. “I would love if they were a little bit fruity, but it's up to you how you want to read it. It's just a beautiful bond between two young girls, let's put it that way,” Emily concluded.  House of the Dragon airs on HBO in the USA on Sundays and Sky Atlantic and NOW on Mondays in the UK.