The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's firstborn has been attending school since the spring of 2021. And now, the three-year-old is ready for full-day attendance, as revealed in a front cover story for New York magazine The Cut. Journalist Allison P. Davis, conducted her interview with Meghan at the Sussexes' house in Montecito, California. However, she was also allowed to join the Duchess to pick up Archie at school and catch a glimpse of how the boy is being brought up. Describing the trip back to Meghan and Harry's £12million mansion, the journalist wrote: "The car ride back to their house is very busy, dictated by the whims and conversational patterns of a toddler. "Archie, munching on a quesadilla, wants to roll the window down himself, but not until we get to a specific huge hedge he mysteriously favours. "We assess if he had a good day at school via an update letter from his teacher (he did and is ready for full days) and try to find out if he ate his sandwich at lunch (he did not). "We solve the question of the mid-morning shirt change (they played in the water table)." The Duke and Duchess are particularly focused on teaching their toddler manners and are introducing him to the concept of homelessness and helping others by stopping to donate a rucksack with healthy snacks to an unhoused man while on their way home. Speaking further about the lively boy, the journalist reported he brings a "week’s worth of freshly picked fruit for his fellow classmates". READ MORE: William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row Prince Harry mentioned his son had started school in May 2021, when he appeared in one episode of the podcast Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard. Speaking about children of famous parents being put under the spotlight, the Duke recalled how a US outlet published a picture of Meghan, pregnant at the time with Lilibet 'Lili' Diana, picking up Archie "from school on his first day". The Duke and Duchess welcomed their son to the world on May 6 2019. Two days later, Meghan and Harry held a photocall at Windsor Castle to introduce the boy to the rest of the world. A few minutes after Archie's first ever official appearance, the Queen and Prince Philip also got to know their eighth great-grandson, a moment which was captured on camera. The boy lived his first six months of life at Frogmore Cottage, the official residence in the UK of the Sussexes. In September, he travelled to South Africa with his parents and even took part in one of their engagements during the royal tour, meeting anti-apartheid leader Archbishop Desmond Tutu. In mid-November, he travelled with his parents to Canada, where they spent a six-week break from royal duties. While Meghan and Harry, who announced their intention to create a new role for themselves within the Firm in January 2020, returned briefly to the UK in early 2020, Archie remained in Canada until the Sussex family relocated to California in late March 2020. Two months later, his parents celebrated Archie's first birthday by sharing a video for the Save the Children initiative Save With Stories. In the clip, Meghan read to her son the book Duck! Rabbit! while keeping him on her lap. Archie set foot again in Britain only in June, when his family celebrated the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in person in the UK. Lili, who turned one in the midst of the Jubilee celebrations, also travelled to the UK three months ago. The trip allowed the Duke and Duchess's daughter to be introduced in person to Prince Charles, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and the Queen.