Although the next election seems a while away, the biting cost of living crisis has continued to get worse. Voters are now looking at elected politicians to provide solutions to how Britain can recover and get through the winter. But what do Labour need to do to put Sir Keir in power at the next election? Is Labour winning any of the big national debates? According to Tom Caygill, a specialist in British politics at Nottingham Trent University, it is. Labour’s policy on energy is appealing to voters, he explained, and it can do more to highlight its success at a regional and national level. He told Express.co.uk: “From current polling, it appears that Labour is winning the argument currently on the energy crisis, two of its policy announcements are in the top three preferences among voters – capping energy bills and a windfall tax. “Of course, they are benefiting from Government malaise at the moment – this could change after the new Prime Minister is appointed, but I think Labour can claim they have stolen the march on this policy issue. “On a more practical level, they can highlight more policy successes from where they are in power (whether it be Wales, London, regional mayors and in local government too).” Political parties need to win seats from their rivals to win an election, and Labour will be looking at safe Tory constituencies to boost its number of MPs in Parliament. Jules Crossley is a Labour Councillor at Rushmoor Borough Council, an area which has a Tory MP and a 16,000 Conservative majority. Despite the difficult task ahead, Councillor Crossley believes a shift is taking place in British politics as voters become fatigued at years of Tory governance. She said: “The British public aren't stupid and they have seen through the Conservatives and their inability to deliver on what they promised. I am confident about Labour winning back seats, especially the so-called 'red-wall' seats. “The main thing when selecting Labour's next candidate in Aldershot for the general election is that they are local, well-known and genuinely committed to the area - that way we would have a real chance of challenging the Conservatives. “Our Conservative MP Leo Docherty doesn't live in the constituency. He's regarded by many people as a 'career politician' who isn't really interested in, or connected to, Rushmoor.” Express.co.uk contacted Leo Docherty’s office to confirm the accuracy of the claim, but he has not responded. Despite the Conservatives’ troubles, Labour has big problems of its own, with some criticising the party for not being clear enough about what it would actually do in power. This is a concern shared by Councillor Crossley, who wants her party to do more to get its plans across to voters. “A common criticism that I'm seeing is that it's all very well to say we will help those in need, freeze the energy price cap and implement a windfall tax, but voters want to know specifics - like where the money will come from, how much the windfall tax would be, what specific help we would give and how it would be delivered?”, she explained. “Keir Starmer has said that we would cancel VAT on energy bills this week, and Rachel Reeves has said that we would close the government loophole in the energy profits levy and backdate the windfall tax to January. “These are all good policies but I'm not sure how many Labour Councillors and party members would be able to list, explain or defend them.” Mr Caygill came to a similar conclusion, explaining that the public is now much more likely to listen to Labour after years of Tory rule, but the party has to take its chance if it wants to turn that attention into electoral success. He said: “As with the energy crisis, Labour needs to start explaining to the public how they would respond to the crisis and other problems facing the country. “The scandal surrounding the final 10 months of the Johnson Government has meant that the public are at least willing to listen to what Labour have to say but they need to be saying something positive, that they would do in office (rather than just opposing government policy).” Right now, a Labour majority in the next election is the most likely outcome according to the bookies. Betfair Exchange is offering odds of a Labour majority at 11/4, with the Conservatives trailing just behind at 3/1. Betfair spokesperson Sam Rosbottom said that “punters on Betfair Exchange are backing Labour to win an overall majority” when the next general election comes around. Pollsters share that view, with a recent survey by People Polling giving Labour a 17-point lead over the Conservatives. For comparison, YouGov polls showed the Tories held a 13-point lead in July last year, losing swathes of support in just over 12 months. Sir Keir Starmer has continued to claim Labour is ready to beat the Conservatives in an election and form a different kind of Government. His party is now closer than it has been for years to realising that ambition, but it still has some work to do.