Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Sending messages and making connections puts you at the front of the line on the 1st; it's a great day to apply for jobs, scholarships, and grants. Express appreciation for your business colleague, romantic partner, or best friend on the 2nd so they won't feel neglected. Starting on the 9th, renegotiate the terms of a personal or professional partnership, so both parties feel satisfied. The Full Moon on the 10th invites you to take some time off to rest, reflect, and refresh; taking a break will attract an unexpected moneymaking opportunity. Be gentle with a colleague on the 16th, and you'll build a bridge to a more productive relationship. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Go after a moneymaking opportunity that allows you to work independently on the 1st. Starting on the 4th, you'll have a golden chance to plunge into romantic and creative pursuits that make you glow with happiness. The Full Moon on the 10th is ideal for attending a party; people will be drawn to you like moths to a flame. Your unique magnetism turns heads on the 11th; if you're single, you'll meet an attentive admirer on this magical day. Resist the temptation to buy someone's affection on the 16th; it just won't work. You'll receive a beautiful gift on the 19th; this will be a delightful surprise. Gemini (May22/June21) Don't be shy about approaching an interesting looking person at a party on the 1st. Beware of accepting an offer that seems too good to be true on the 2nd; don't mix friendship with finance. From the 4th, home is a powerful source of love and security; stick close to family, and you won't go wrong. Beginning on the 9th, you have an opportunity to perfect a creative project, romantic relationship, or both; get specific about what you want in these areas. The Full Moon on the 10th brings a satisfying end to a career challenge; you'll be much more independent at work after this fateful day. Cancer (June22/July23) Working behind the scenes on the 1st will be very productive. Beware of talking down to a helpful person on the 2nd, even if you have superior knowledge and experience. Beginning on the 4th, you can fill your schedule with more pleasure than work. Starting on the 9th, you must make some adjustments to your domestic routines to accommodate a relative or neighbour. The Full Moon on the 10th finds you signing a contract or returning from a trip, allowing you to focus more fully on an elusive dream. Your best friend or romantic partner is happy to relieve you of chores on the 18th; accept their help with a grateful heart. Leo (July24/Aug23) Taking a long-distance trip with a friend will be lots of fun on the 1st. Don't neglect the details of a vital project o the 2nd; it's critical to get the details right. Starting on the 9th, be wary about signing contracts or making big purchases; treat the next few weeks as an opportunity to research your options. The Full Moon on the 10th seems to be a beautifully passionate day; pour your energy into the people and things you love. A surprising career offer arrives on the 11th, greatly improving your financial prospects. Go over bank statements with a fine-toothed comb on the 16th for incorrect fees or extra charges. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) An exciting career opportunity is worth pursuing on the 1st. Starting on the 4th, your natural charisma is evident to everybody; use it to lure a worthy admirer into your web of intrigue. Starting on the 9th, you'll get an opportunity to renegotiate your salary or rates; feel free to drive a hard bargain. On the 10th, the Full Moon prompts your best friend or romantic partner to lavish you with love; prepare for a lovely surprise. An unexpected chance to take a dream trip falls into your lap on the 11th. Striking a balance between your personal and professional lives will be difficult on the 16th; err on the side of work.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) Your best friend or romantic partner will give you a fabulous compliment on the 1st; let it sink into your soul. Starting on the 4th, you'll spend most of your time away from the spotlight, focusing on solitary pursuits that make you happy. Beginning on the 9th, you'll have difficulty getting your point across; be patient and persistent when discussing your needs and concerns. The Full Moon on the 10th marks an exciting turning point with a health regimen. An embarrassing secret comes to light on the 16th; it's time to have a heart-to-heart talk with the person most deeply affected by this information. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A royalty cheque, inheritance, or grant on the 1st gives you more financial freedom. The Full Moon on the 10th marks an exciting turning point in a romance; you'll get much closer to your partner after this fateful day. A surprising alliance helps you to realise a cherished dream on the 11th. Be totally honest with a friend on the 18th; your candour will break down the walls between you. Friendship could turn to romance quite suddenly on the 19th; you make a great team. On the 25th, the New Moon brings a startling secret to light. Once you know the truth, you'll feel more optimistic about the future. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) A romantic outing is lots of fun on the 1st; give in to your partner's demands. Don't take an emotional or financial risk on the 2nd, or you will be disappointed. Your professional prospects significantly improve starting on the 4th; launching a job search will be rewarding. The Full Moon on the 10th finds you making rewarding changes to your home life; you may begin working from home. A surprising job offer falls in your lap on the 11th, making you smile from ear to ear. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional lives will be challenging on the 16th. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Resources to make a down payment become available on the 1st; take this opportunity to make a purchase that brings long-term security. Starting on the 9th, you will have a chance to expand your horizons through travel, study, or both. Make some adjustments to your career path beginning on the 9th; be specific about what you want regarding work. The Full Moon on the 10th brings surprising news about a creative project or romantic relationship; go out and celebrate. On the 18th, you'll be asked to share your expertise with some enthusiastic beginners; what starts as a minor assignment will turn into a permanent position. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) It will be difficult nailing down travel plans and business deals beginning on the 9th; stay calm and persist until you get the sales you want. On the 10th, the Full Moon brings a nice paycheque, allowing you to purchase some beautiful furnishings, artwork, or appliances for your home. If you want to relocate, you will find the perfect property on the 11th. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You'll get a reasonable price on a home repair project on the 1st. Instead of chasing love, you'll attract it like a magnet starting on the 4th. Keep all your receipts, especially for expensive items, on anything you buy after the 9th; you'll want to return at least one of them. The Full Moon on the 10th urges you to put your needs first; taking a spur-of-the-moment trip is high on your priorities. Be realistic about your expectations of a business or romantic partner on the 16th, or a big argument could erupt. If you long for romance on the 23rd, assume the feeling of being in love rather than yearning for it.