With the cost of living crisis, households are looking to save money on energy and water. One way to do this is by lowering the temperature on a washing machine setting, another is by ensuring you don't over or underload the drum. Express.co.uk spoke to Kathleen Bell, sustainable cleaning expert at smol, the eco-friendly, high-performance British cleaning brand about cleaning bedsheets and towels effectively, whilst saving money. Talking about how often you should wash your bedsheets, Kathleen said: “Your bed is full of all sorts - dead skin cells, body oils, and even faecal matter can all build up in your sheets - so keeping sheets clean is vital, especially if someone in your household suffers from any skin conditions or allergen sensitivities. “During the winter a weekly wash using a good laundry detergent is usually more than enough to help maintain cleanliness. “During the summer, your laundry need not be any more regular than in winter, unless you’ve been sweating profusely and your bedding has started to smell.” As for what the ideal temperature should be for washing bedsheets, the expert explained: “Washing at 30°c will work just as well as higher temperatures and is even recommended for washing with bio laundry capsules. READ MORE: I tried a time-saving mop hack to clean my bathroom tiles in 2 minutes “A monthly wash at 60°c (unless you have silk sheets) is also a good idea to help kill off dust mites and other nasties.” But can the temperature be dropped to 20°c? Katheleen revealed: “With a good detergent, lower temperatures can work just as well as higher. “Bio laundry detergents are actually recommended for lower temperatures as higher temperatures can cause cleaning enzymes to denature and work less effectively.” She also shared other ways to save money when washing: “You will also make big savings by not washing half loads. DON'T MISS...Top 10 supermarket staples that have increased in price the most [LIST]Travel: Cheapest days to fly according to an expert [COMMENT]Menopause weight loss: Foods to avoid to lose 2lbs a week [INTERVIEW] “A handy tip to judge this is to measure a palm’s width between the top of your laundry and the top inside of the drum (any less and the washing won’t have room to clean). “If there’s more space than the width of your palm then you know you’re not fully loaded. “Cutting down on washes not only saves you energy but water and detergent too. “It's also a good idea to get to know your washing machine,” she added. READ MORE: ‘Big mistakes’ people make when washing trainers in machines “You want the shortest, coolest, lowest water cycle possible - which isn’t always the one called ‘Eco’, so you might need to do a bit of research to find the most efficient cycle for your machine. “Another money-saving tip is to dry washing outside; as well as the breeze speeding up the drying, the UV light from the sun will help to kill microorganisms and not using a tumble dryer will also help to save you money and energy. “Tumble dryers are frequently the most energy-draining appliance in the home, with the average tumble dryer uses roughly 4.5 kWh per cycle, so the less you can use them the more you can save.” “Cleaning is a category we can’t avoid; we all need to wash our clothes, and we all need to keep our homes clean,” Kathleen said. “However, all too often we found that making more environmental choices had been a struggle. “smol was created by parents for families whose homecare cleaning needs have been ignored for decades in an effort to bring some real innovation to the market. “Using smol technology we have found a way to use fewer chemicals than other leading brands with no loss in performance. “We’ve also created a world first; 100 percent plastic-free packaging for laundry and dishwasher capsules,” she added. “The pack is made from FSC approved card and is 100 percent recyclable or home compostable. It's even printed using vegan ink. “Since launch, simply by switching to smol, customers have saved over 800 tonnes of plastic." Kathleen continued: “Where we do use plastic in our packaging, these are bottles for life made from recycled plastics so that no new plastic is used to create them. Our fabcon plastic bottles, for instance, are made from 100 percent post consumer recycled plastic, hence the wonderful grey colour. “We also offer a rinse and return scheme; customers can return their empty bottles to us for refill.”