Beloved series All Creatures Great and Small continues to go strong with the show returning for a third outing, based on the best-selling novels by James Herriot. Fans can expect some big shake-ups in the new series with the change afoot in Skeldale. Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the forthcoming series, including the start date, cast, trailer, and plot.   Channel 5 has confirmed All Creatures Great and Small will be hitting screens on Thursday, September 15. There are expected to be another six episodes which will be airing on a weekly basis with each instalment available on catch-up via My5. Season three is set in the 1930s in the idyllic Yorkshire Dales and follows James Herriot (played by Nicholas Ralph) as she continues to work as a vet and tend to the local animals. There will be professional and personal changes for James as he continues to serve under the stern gaze of his mentor Siegfried Farnon (Samuel West), now a joint business partner at the veterinary practice. Additionally, Tristan Farnon (Callum Woodhouse) is also newly qualified but his elder brother Siegfried feels his sibling needs to step up further. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Is Mrs Hall still married? James will be taking on more responsibility by rolling out the Ministry of Agriculture's new bovine TB testing scheme but faces some unexpected challenges. The village will also be seeing war looming on the horizon amid the rise of fascism in Europe and James feels torn over doing his duty or remaining at home. On the flip side, James and local farmer Helen Alderson (Rachel Shenton) will be tying the knot with the pair facing the pressure as a second world war could see them separated forever. Channel 5 dropped a trailer along with the announcement about the drama's return, which gave fans a taster from the new episodes.  Along with Helen and James' nuptials, young men are decked out in army uniforms as they train for battle. "How can I in good conscience watch those young men go off to their training while I stay here?" James asks his wife. However, Tristan allays his fears by later telling James: "You'll protect more people by preventing TB than you ever would with a gun in your hand." Helen has a tearful moment with Siegfried when she tells him: "I can't lose him" but the vet tells her: "Everyone under this roof is under my care."    She is later walked down the aisle by Siegfried as she ties the knot with her beloved James. The wedding is a long time coming for fans after James proposed to Helen at the end of the last outing with viewers avidly waiting to see them exchanging vows. All Creatures Great and Small is the second adaptation of Herriot's novels with the BBC making an adaptation which ran from 1978 to 1990. The drama first debuted on Channel 5 back in 2020 and became one of the broadcaster's most highly rated shows with 3.3 million people tuning in. DON'T MISS...All Creatures Great and Small: Can you stay at Skeldale House? [INSIGHT]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Will Tristan Farnon go to war? [THEORY]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Does Mrs Hall marry Siegfried? [ANALYSIS]  Following the show's popularity, there have been two Christmas specials to warm fans' hearts over the festive season. Actor Ralph previously spoke about how his character had changed the locals, saying: "I think you're right, as we meet a lot of these hardened, maybe embittered or slightly pessimistic shall we say Yorkshire farmers and James even manages to soften some of them with his, care and attention for the animals and always doing what's right." He went on to tell the Masterpiece Studio podcast: "I think we see them kind of closer than ever and stronger as a couple," Nicholas said. "And as you say, moving through some of the practicalities of it and things because they're full of love and it's great but there is then the practical side of it. All Creatures Great and Small season 3 starts on Channel 5 on September 15 at 9pm