The Walmart in Tulepo, Mississippi, became the sight of a horrific threat this morning, forcing police to evacuate the building. Police said they were notified at 5am of the pilot flying over the city. They confirmed that the pilot threatened “to intentionally crash into Walmart on West Main" Police added that they worked with the store to “evacuate” and “disperse people as much as practical.” Reports state that the plane is now "down" and the pilot is in custody. "With the mobility of an airplane of that type the danger zone is much larger than even Tupelo," police said in a news release earlier this morning. A government source familiar with the situation told CNN the aircraft was later flying over the nearby Holly Springs National Forest. Charles Crowson, director of the Walmart Press Office, told the news oulet the Walmart store is "currently closed and evacuated". He added: "We're working closely with local investigators and are referring questions to law enforcement." According to an online flight tracking service, the plane proceeded in a looping path after sending out the threat. The pilot is believed to be an airport employee, according to the Tupelo Daily Journal. “State law enforcement and emergency managers are closely tracking this dangerous situation,” Gov. Tate Reeves said in a statement. “All citizens should be on alert and aware of updates from the Tupelo Police Department.” Former state Rep. Steve Holland, who is now a funeral director in Tupelo, told the Associated Press that he received calls from families concerned about the plane. “One called and said, ‘Oh, my God, do we need to cancel mother’s funeral?’” Holland said. “I just told them, ‘No, life’s going to go on.’” The pilot was confirmed to have landed safely later this morning. The plane was allegedly stolen, and remains in one piece. Governor Reeves issued a follow-up statement around 11:37 on Twitter saying “the plane over North MS is down”. He added that "no one was injured.” The pilot has been identified as Cory Patterson.