The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's children have always lived with their nanny, Maria Borrallo, but it is reported their new Windsor home doesn't have enough room for the Spanish nanny to live with them. It is reported Maria will still look after them but she will live elsewhere. Maria Borrallo started working with William and Kate in 2014 when Prince George was around eight months old, and quickly became a member of the family with Kate reportedly telling friends she was “amazing”. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are now moving to Windsor with Prince George, Charlotte and Louis in order to be closer to the Queen. The family will live in the four-bedroom Adelaide Cottage and George, Charlotte and Louis "won't have a live-in nanny for the first time in their lives," the Telegraph reported. The children are set to start in their new school on Monday and it is believed Maria will still look after them before and after school. READ MORE: Doria Ragland has 'natural charisma' - unlike Carole Middleton The award-winning nanny and childcare expert Kathryn Lord told Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's parenting will certainly change as they will have to take over during the night. She explained: “Depending on her hours, even as a live-out nanny, most of the routines such as the morning routine, (breakfast and school run) and after-school care including supporting with homework, dinner, baths and bedtime routine may still be her responsibility. "The difference will be the overnight care. She will resume a proxy parenting role if both parents are away. Even as a live-in nanny, it does not mean you are on call overnight." Kathryn said "it is doubtful" Maria will be in charge of laundry and "may not even be required to cook like other nannies are".  However, the royal nanny will be in charge of anything related to the children, including "ensuring the correct uniforms are ready". The expert explained: "All appointments will be her responsibility, which will be dentist and doctor appointments plus hair dressing and any other well-being related things. "As a nanny, if the children have extra-curricular lessons such as playing an instrument or coaches for swimming or tennis etc, she will be the one they relay with," she said. Kathryn explained that as a nanny in a household with lots of staff, "it will be important to keep good communication with the parent and other staff to help the home run smoothly". READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Maria Borrello was born in Madrid, Spain, but grew up in the city of Palencia and studied childcare training and education in Bath. The Spaniard was trained in martial arts, anti-terrorism training and driving in extreme weather as part of her studies. She has lived at Kensington Palace with the family for years and she travels with them and looks after the children during both official and leisure trips. A source told Hello! that the babysitter “had worked for other high-profile families” and that “her life is totally dedicated to the family she is working with”. Another source told Fabulous that the royal children love playing outdoors and enjoy "their freedom in spacious gardens" so it is likely they will be happier than ever in Windsor. “Once their school work from Thomas’s Battersea has been dealt with satisfactorily, both George and Charlotte enjoy tennis lessons on their green court. Much shouting and scurrying is seen. Kate plays almost daily with the children and they like their practice sessions with her. “Louis is even getting the hang of football, and is quite proficient with his footy mad dad William. They are competitive children and like to have running races against Kate and William. “They do like to earn a prize, however and a frozen sorbet lolly or an ice cream does the trick!”