Michael Schumacher’s ex-Ferrari boss Jean Todt has revealed he sometimes visits the seven-time champion and wife Corinna three times a week. Former FIA President Todt said he was in “constant contact” with the Schumacher family and admitted he will do whatever he can for the star. Speaking to German newspaper Bild, he explained: “As long as I am in this world, I will always visit her. Sometimes we see each other three times a week, sometimes not for a whole month. "They are my friends and we are in constant contact. Whatever I can do for the Schumacher family, I'll do it." Schumacher suffered a severe brain injury when he was involved in a skiing accident on holiday back in December 2013. The former Ferrari and Mercedes driver hit his head on a rock when skiing in an off-piste area in Meribel. He was kept in a coma after the accident at a hospital in Grenoble but was brought back around a year later in 2014. READ MORE: Michael Schumacher's wife denied Eddie Jordan visit to see F1 legend He continues his treatment at the family home in Switzerland but little is known about his condition. Todt added that Schumacher was in the “best of hands” almost a decade after the incident. He commented: “I'm happy that the fans, not only in Germany, think of him so much. People ask so much about Michael. The fans should know that he is in the best of hands. "In the best situation, he can be and surrounded by people who love him." Todt has previously told fans that he watched an F1 race with the champion but accepted communication with the champion was “no longer the same” as before the incident. DON'T MISSSchumacher's wife Corinna has 'big plans' for family future future [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher's family preparing to 'start a new life' in villa [COMMENT]Michael Schumacher's family 'caring for him with great affection' [ANALYSIS] Schumacher’s wife Corinna has previously accepted the F1 star is “different” and stressed the family were “protecting Michael”. She said: “I miss Michael every day. But it's not just me who misses him. It's the children, the family, his father, everyone around him. I mean, everybody misses Michael, but Michael is here. "Different, but he's here and that gives us strength, I find. We try to carry on a family as Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. 'Private is private', as he always said. It is very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible. Michael always protected us, and now we are protecting Michael."