Eamonn Holmes cut off the shadow Business Secretary as he insisted the Labour Party wanted widespread help to be provided to businesses facing higher energy bills. Jonathan Reynolds argued the Government is not doing enough to ensure business owners are supported through the cost of living crisis. But as the Labour MP attempted to deliver his spiel, Mr Holmes cut in demanding what his party would effectively do to help. Mr Reynolds said: "A lot of the conversation has been about the impact on households, quite rightly. "And people desperately need to know we will get through the winter, hence our policy of freezing the cap as it is. "But for businesses who aren't covered by the cap, they're getting these new higher bills and they need some relief. "Unless they're given some hope for the future, I'm afraid there is a real prospect of businesses simply shutting shop, going out of business with massive implications for employment, tax revenues and, of course, for the people who run those businesses." JUST IN: State pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could claim DWP benefit worth £4428 As Mr Reynolds tried to continue, the GB News host intervened to ask for a clear outline of Keir Starmer's plans to tackle the energy crisis. Mr Holmes said: "A blind man on a galloping horse would see...let's get to the point. What are you proposing?" The Labour frontbencher said: "We need immediate help for those businesses now. "So the starting point would be cutting business rates, we would increase the threshold for small-business rates to £25,000. You're immediately getting help and hope to people that there will be some relief on the bills they've got to pay. READ MORE: ‘People will die this winter’ Martin Lewis challenges new Prime Minister on cost of living "For energy-intensive businesses, this is very important – we're funding our plan with a windfall tax, billions of pounds in a relief fund." Keir Starmer said Labour's plan to freeze energy bills would help all households because even people earning £50,000 "are going to be struggling". Defending the decision to offer universal help rather than support targeted only at the poorest households, Sir Keir told Jeremy Vine on 5: "If you apply it to everyone, it helps bring inflation down by 4 percent because energy prices push up inflation." He added: "I think if you're on £50 grand you're going to really struggle with £4,000 on your energy bills. "I think there will be many people watching who accept 'I'm not the hardest-up, I've got a decent wage, but £4,000 on my energy bills is more than I can afford'." Sir Keir said people are "worried sick" about their bills but "at the same time you've got oil and gas companies making huge profits". "The Labour Party under my leadership is not going to walk past this and leave people struggling this winter."