Manchester City turned down the opportunity to sign Neymar in the final hours of the transfer window after the Brazilian maestro was offered to them by Paris Saint-Germain, according to reports. City enjoyed a largely productive summer in terms of player recruitment, with Erling Haaland the pick of their five new arrivals after joining the club from Borussia Dortmund. It seems as though City also had the chance to land Neymar, who was reportedly in line to leave PSG before Thursday's deadline after falling out with team-mate Kylian Mbappe. However, the defending Premier League champions made it clear they were not interested when approached by PSG, according to Marca.It is said that Pep Guardiola informed PSG's representatives that he would not be pursuing a last-gasp move for Neymar, who had been earmarked for a move elsewhere by those in power at the Parc des Princes. His deteriorating relationship with Kylian Mbappe was thought to have been the catalyst, with PSG boss Christophe Galtier keen to avoid further problems in the dressing room.Neymar was ultimately forced to stay in the French capital, though, with City's earlier capture of Haaland meaning they were not in the market for attacking reinforcements during the closing stages of the summer window. They did manage to improve their defensive ranks with the deadline-day addition of Manuel Akanji, who joined the club from Dortmund for a fee in the region of £15million. JUST IN: Leeds foe Bamba Dieng could still get Nice move after failing medical Another report by Sport claims that Guardiola 'emphatically' turned down the opportunity to sign Neymar in order to stand the best chance of maintaining a positive atmosphere within City's squad. The PSG forward is said to have clashed with Mbappe in recent weeks after an incident in which he refused to let the Frenchman take a second penalty kick against Montpellier after he had already missed one in the match.Mbappe was said to have been left furious as a result of Neymar's actions and reportedly confronted his team-mate in the dressing room in the immediate aftermath of the match. It could be argued that City dodged a bullet by snubbing a deadline-day move for Neymar, who previously fell out with Edinson Cavani due to a separate row over penalty kicks back in 2018. City were recently warned against launching a potential move for Neymar by former England winger Trevor Sinclair, who insisted earlier this summer that he would be a downgrade from Raheem Sterling in the wake of the latter's permanent move to Chelsea."He's [Neymar] too inconsistent for me, you get one good game out of every four," Sinclair told talkSPORT."I compared him with Sterling and a lot of people got on my back, but if you’re a manager you’d want Sterling over Neymar. Three games out of four Raheem is top drawer. He might have the odd bad game but with Neymar you're not getting that consistency." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here