Vampire Diaries actress Kat Graham has opened up about being the "only minority" on the show. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the star, who played Bonnie Bennett on the hit series, spoke candidly about her time filming the programme. Speaking about her role on Vampire Diaries, Kat admitted that she felt like she was on the sidelines. She claimed: "I was always the odd man out. "I was the only minority on the show. "I was the only performer on the show, the only one releasing [music] on the show, so I was already a bit different." READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role Elsewhere in the interview, the Vampire Diaries star told how she would lie about her age in a bid to be a back-up dancer. Kat explained: "I did back up dancing, but I was underage. "So I couldn't really go on tour like I wanted to with all the artists because I was a minor." The singer revealed that she came up with a genius way to get around it. Kat said: "So I'd lie about my age, and I'd get a little bit farther and then I'd get found out. "Then I eventually was booking some stuff as a guest star, I did a lot of Disney stuff." When asked how she juggled a singing and acting career at the same time while she was on the show, the actress admitted she didn't get much downtime. Kat replied: "The cast enjoyed their time off, which was probably the healthiest. DON'T MISS... Meghan squirms as Mariah Carey scrambles to defend Duchess 'dig' [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosis [UPDATE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments[ANALYSIS] "But I was kind of balancing my home life which was in LA at the time where I had a fiance and I was running back to LA." She went on to reveal that she relied on her friends to get her ready for red carpet events, who have now turned out to be huge TV stars. Kat said: "If I would have a red carpet [event], the only people that I knew that could do my makeup were my friends, [who have] now turned into stars of Ru Paul's Drag Race. "So I would go out with [them], those were my friends," she added. Elsewhere in the chat, the singer spoke about her performance at Pride in London, saying: "For me, London is like one of the most important cities in the world and you have been invited to perform at such an impactful festival that is about human rights and equality is such an honour. It's different than getting invited to do, you know, a little show or something like that. She explained: "It's like, 'hey, we think that you are, your voice, is important enough to put you on stage.' "And for me, I think that's the greatest honour, because everyone that the team put on stage are people that have a history within the community," she added.