Seven-year-old Princess Charlotte and one-year-old Lilibet share the same middle, Diana, a sweet homage to Princess Diana. The Princess of Wales was just 36 when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in August 1997. Her sons, the fathers of the cousins, were just 15 and 12 when they tragically lost their mother. Both Prince William and Prince Harry chose to honour their beloved mother by deciding to include her name in the names of their little girls, which ensures that the late Princess' will live on through her grandchildren. Speaking on The Royal Report podcast, royal watcher Kristen Meinzer discussed the sweet tribute to the People's Princess. Speaking to co-host, and Newsweek royal reporter, Jack Royston, Ms Meinzer said: "Let's also talk about Diana's grandchildren. "We have George, Charlotte, Louis, Archie, and Lilibet." She said: "Princess Charlotte's full name is actually Charlotte Elizabeth Diana and Lilibet's full name is Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. "So, Diana lives on in her grandchildren as well. READ MORE: Meghan Markle vindicated? Mystery deepens over Mandela remark with unearthed clip "Not just because they're her descendants, but in their actual names." Princess Charlotte is the only daughter of Diana's eldest son, Prince William, and his wife Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge. Charlotte was born in May 2015 and joined her elder brother, nine-year-old Prince George. George and Charlotte also have a younger brother, four-year-old Prince Louis. READ MORE: Meghan Markle needs 'an intervention' after major interview 'untruths', expert claims Lilibet was born in June 2021 and is the only daughter of Diana's younger son, Prince Harry, and his wife Meghan Markle. The little girl, who is now 14 months old, is the younger sister of the couple's son, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. Lilibet was also the Queen's childhood nickname, short for Elizabeth, given to her by grandfather George V. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL] Speaking about his mother in the ‘Diana, Our Mother: Her Life and Legacy’ documentary, William recalled how he talks to his children about their "Granny Diana", stating that he wants them to “know who she was and that she existed”. Speaking earlier this year, Harry told NBC Today that he talks to his three-year-old son about his late grandmother. He said that he has "a couple of pictures up" of her in their home. READ NEXT: