Chas Dingle (played by Lucy Pargeter) is currently having a sordid affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), behind Kerry Wyatt's (Laura Norton) back in Emmerdale. But what is there to know about Chas actress Lucy Pargeter's family life away from the ITV drama? Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about 45-year-old Pargeter's loved ones. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Emmerdale. Emmerdale star Pargeter is a mum-of-three to daughters Lola, 16, and five-year-old twins Missy and Betsy. She shares her children with her ex-fiancé Rudi Coleano who she was with for 12 years. The relationship came to an end in 2019 with the couple choosing to remain quiet about the reason for the split. They did issue a statement at the time though, which reads: “Lucy Pargeter has confirmed she has separated from her long-term partner, Rudi Coleano, and, while no longer together, their main priority is raising their three daughters.” READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed Pargeter and her former partner Rudi had their twin daughters through IVF after struggling to get pregnant again. Talking about their experience on This Morning at the time, the Emmerdale actress said that women "need to be educated". She said: "Getting pregnant can be, and often is as you get older, an awful lot harder. "We went to the doctors and both got checked out. I've always had heavy, painful periods so I had a couple of laparoscopies where they look inside to see if anything was going wrong. "There was a tiny bit of endometriosis, which is scarring, which they took off but that shouldn't have had any effect on fertility. "But there was no reason, nothing. They looked at both of our stats - my egg reserves, his sperm and everything was fine, it just wasn't happening." Back in 2019, Pargeter was part of an emotional storyline whereby Chas and Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) found out at their 20-week baby scan that their daughter had a genetic disorder which meant she wouldn't survive out of the womb. Chas decided to continue with the pregnancy so she could spend at least a few moments with their baby before she died. They chose to donate Grace's organs and Pargeter has been part of a campaign which successfully lobbied the Government to change the law on organ donation to an opt-out system. She admitted that those scenes were difficult to film but returning home to her own children made her feel grateful. DON'T MISS...Gyles Brandreth in takedown of Meghan 'Just an actress without Harry' [ROYAL]Emmerdale fans ‘work out’ Samson Dingle is not father of Amelia’s baby [REACTION]Emmerdale theory: Liv Flaherty becomes killer as she takes revenge [THEORY] Pargeter told the Mirror: “It makes you really appreciate what you’ve got. “I have three beautiful, healthy children waiting for me. “Even though they’re sitting covered in paint and glue, they’re here. I’m grateful for the mess they’re creating!” Fast forward to the present and Pargenter is now at the heart of a love triangle. Al and Chas are secretly seeing one another behind his girlfriend Kerry's back. Unfortunately for them, they were spotted kissing by Bella Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) who threatened to out them. Al bought Chas a secret burner phone so they could stay in touch but how long will they be able to keep their affair under wraps? Emmerdale airs four nights a week at 7.30pm on ITV.