Speaking on Jeremy Vine, British journalist and columnist Yasmin Alibhai-Brown, a self-described “anti-royalist”, said that Prince Charles is “nowhere near as popular” as the Queen and suggested he would struggle as the King. Ms Alibhai-Brown suggested he “both wants and does not want to be King” because he “feels alienated” from the British public on account of his privileged upbringing, something with which he has become indelibly attached.    Ms Alibhai-Brown said: “The Palace has worked so hard to rehabilitate this couple but it is interesting, there is an updated book on Charles that has just come out by Catherine Mayer. “What is interesting is that Charles is nowhere near as popular as the Queen and I am an anti-royalist. The percentage is hugely different. “And the second thing, which is really interesting, is he both wants to be King and he does not want to be King, according to this book. “And she has talked to him for a long time. He is troubled by his privileges, which he loves, and he wants to be part of the commonality, as she calls it, but he feels alienated. It would be quite difficult for the public to love him.”    Prince Charles is the seventh most popular royal, according to the latest polls by YouGov, putting him below second-in-line to the throne Prince William, his eldest son. Unsurprisingly, Queen Elizabeth II is the most adored royal with a 75 percent favorability rate, seven percent higher than Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge in second place. Prince William is in third place with a 66 percent rate, with the late Prince Phillip, Princess Anne and Zara Tindall behind him. But Prince Charles is lagging in seventh with a mere 42 percent approval rate, a figure that plummets to 34 percent among millennials and the other younger generations. READ MORE: Queen health fears reignite as Charles paying 'highly-unusual' visits [REVEAL]   And surveys conducted earlier this year suggest that a significant percentage of the population want Prince Charles to step down and allow Prince William to accede to the throne following the death of the Queen. According to research done by Ipsos, 42 percent of Britons think the Prince of Wales should allow his son to take the throne when that time comes. Gideon Skinner, head of researcher Ipsos, said: “Looking to the future, half of Britons have faith in Prince Charles as a future king, and more people view him in a positive light than four years ago. “However, with the popularity of Prince William not far behind that of the Queen, Britons also wonder whether Prince Charles should step aside in favour of his eldest son. But their actions now are still important for the longer-term future of the royal family.” DON'T MISS: Camilla 'lives in dread' of Harry's memoir after decades-long PR push [REVEAL] Vine caller David slams Angela Levin gushing over Queen Camilla [REPORT] Queen needs to start 'loosening' control to prepare for Charles' reign [REVEAL]   It comes as new revelations about the aftermath of Princess Diana’s death 25 years ago showed that Prince Charles “fought harder for Diana than he had ever fought in her lifetime”. It was reported that after Diana’s death, Prince Charles demanded to escort her back to the UK on the Royal plane but was denied that opportunity by the Queen. Journalist Richard Kay, who was close friends with Diana, said: “This was a surprising and brave move. He was an ex-husband, he had no right to be there other than as the father of her sons. “Charles wanted to take the royal flight to Paris but the Queen wouldn't allow it. Charles fought harder for Diana than he had ever fought for her in her lifetime." READ NEXT: Prince Charles edits ‘special edition’ of UK’s only Black newspaperDiana and Philip’s relationship: Duke wanted ‘record set straight'Prince Charles to keep Queen's properties for Charlotte and LouisQueen abates health fears as monarch 'picnics' and walks the dogDr Shola claims Royal Family is 'walking into extinction'