Ben Shephard poked fun at Kate Garraway's new footwear at the start of Thursday's Good Morning Britain. The ITV show kicked off with Kate attempting to hide her chunky white trainers, but Ben was not prepared to let her get away with it. Kate explained she was wearing the trainers as she had broken her toe but hoped they wouldn't be seen on TV. Ben wasted no time in bringing them to the attention of viewers as he asked: "Can we discuss the footwear as well, did you jog in?" "Oh no," gasped Kate before she explained: "I was carrying some kids through in intensive care and whacked my foot on one of those tables. "I was in absolute agony and I really wanted to cry. Read More: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles "But everyone around me was so seriously ill I had to go 'no I'm fine' because I felt too guilty. "You can't say 'just drop everybody else please, I've got a broken toe' so I said nothing and went to the toilet and cried." The veteran TV star was unimpressed with Ben not letting her secretly wear the trainers while presenting on the ITV show. "I can't get into my posh shoes and I forgot what you were like, because most of the summer I've been able to hide my trainers under the desk," Kate remarked. The pair were in good spirits on Thursday's show and none more so than their interview with Martin Clunes ahead of the final series of Doc Martin.Kate grilled Martin to find out why he's ending the role of the grumpy doctor and asked: "'Why are you ending it?' The nation cries."Doc Martin will be coming to a close after 18 years and the Men Behaving Badly star explained his age was a factor in the reasoning. Kate's appearance marked a month back on Good Morning Britain since taking an extended period away from her TV and radio work.On her return to the ITV studio on August 1, she was nearly in tears with the welcome she received from her co-host at the time, Robert Rinder.The presenter revealed he has been supporting her throughout the health battle of her husband Derek.The presenter tweeted: "He’s [Robert Rinder] an #angel isn’t he - first time hosting with my good friend Robert Rinder who many might not know has privately been incredibly supportive in the darkest of times."It’s an absolute privilege to watch his brilliant mind and compassion in action on @GMB." The popular presenter's welcome return to Good Morning Britain was due to her caring for her husband Derek amid his well-publicised battle with coronavirus. Upon her return, Kate revealed 55-year-old Derek is "please god, back on the right side of it now".As well as the positive update on her husband's health she praised fans for their well-wishes and tweeted: "Thank you so so much for all your messages of support - they really do mean the world." 