James Martin treated viewers to a clip of himself and chef Paul Ainsworth cooking a BBQ together on a beach during a new episode of James Martin Saturday Morning on ITV. During their collaborative meal, James ended up shouting at Paul after he managed to burn some of the food after not listening to his fellow chef's instructions. James was working on showing viewers how to cook a remoulade sauce which was going to accompany the variety of meat he had on the BBQ. "You combine that," James was explaining when in the background, Paul concerningly shouted: "James..." Turning around to see the thick cloud of smoke which was blowing his way, James exclaimed: "You put it in too early, I said to you wait! "I said wait and you went too early now everything is starting to burn, and now you are panicking. Stereotypical bloke thing, your starting to burn everything, everything was perfectly alright." READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy to leave with Meg as fans 'work out' replacement Laughing at James' frustration, Paul replied: "Nothing is burning here chef." However, James was not fooled and bluntly stated: "It is burning. I can smell that it's burning." Wanting to save the situation, the chef joked: "The only thing that is happening is you're taking far too long over that remoulade." Handing Paul a plate, James explained: "Do you want this? This remoulade is now ready, now you can start to finish this off and plate up." Piling the meat onto the plate, Paul excitedly said: "I mean look at this, this is ridiculous look at this!" "You better get them sausages," James quipped, adding one last dig. This wasn't the only blunder James faced during the episode, as he suffered an awkward technical issue live in the studio. James was joined by friend and chef Galton Blackinston where he decided to whip up a seafood dish for him. DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt on why some BBC presenters never host together [INSIGHT]Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel hits out at Dick's 'punishing' demands [WATCH] As he served Galton his place, James soon realised he didn't have a spoon for himself and ended up using the large serving spoon. Both eager to find out what it tasted like, they spooned some into their moved but soon regretted their decisions as it burnt their mouths. Galton expressed: "It's lovely. Hot... really hot!" before James walked off from Galton laughing and having to wipe his mouth with a tea towel. Saturday's episode was the first of a new series after James had been off filming for the summer. Fans were delighted to finally see a new episode of the cooking series and have James back in the kitchen with some new recipes. Molly Edmunson exclaimed: "YAY! Finally, a new series of James Martin and his gorgeous hair in the kitchen! Ready for some new recipes." @RussellandBussell commented: "James Martin is back and my new food obsession can begin!" Chloe James added: "Right then, who is ready for a new series of the BEST cooking show on TV?!" (sic) James Martin Saturday Morning airs Saturdays from 9:25am on ITV.