The Russian President appeared in front of an audience of school children in Kaliningrad to conduct what the Kremlin branded as an “open lesson.” While Vladimir Putin discussed the importance of Russian history and Moscow’s decision to launch a “special military operation” in Ukraine, his composure snatched the attention of viewers. President Putin appeared jittery during the address, fidgeting his legs and rolling his heels as he was seated on the stage. His restless presentation has reignited speculation over the Russian leader’s health, as speculation has risen in recent months about President Putin suffering from a number of serious health conditions as his physical appearance has steadily deteriorated.    A video clip of the conference was posted to Twitter by BBC Russian journalist Ilya Barabanov. The footage showed President Putin gripping the arm of his chair as he sat, somewhat slouched, with his feet and legs appearing to twitch relentlessly. In a caption accompanying the post, Mr Barabanov asked: “What’s going on with his legs? “He’s not five years old. There must be a medical explanation for this.”    Social media users quickly flocked to the footage, speculating on what medical reason could cause President Putin’s apparent lack of steady composure. User @SimonLock74 suggested: “Restless leg syndrome.” Another reply from user @Boriz108, translated from Russian, said: “Signs of advanced schizophrenia. The patient is unable to rest due to obsessions. The tweet added: “This is manifested in excessive mobility.” Read more: Mikhail Gorbachev 'psychologically crushed' in final days Rumours of President Putin’s health decline have grown rampant, with some conflict analysts suggesting the Kremlin rushed the invasion of Ukraine due to the President’s health concerns. Photographs have emerged of Vladimir Putin gripping onto tables during meetings with Russian military officials and video footage captured the President clutching a podium during a Kremlin awards ceremony. President Putin appeared unsteady and shaking as he awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation in June; he stood next to one of the recipients and swayed back and forth while staring at the ground. During an appearance at the Russian Victory Day parade the President moved with a notable limp and looked visibly pale in front of the gathered crowds. Don't miss: Vladimir Putin 'doesn't look good' - Russian leader's health in doubt [ANALYSIS]Putin health shock as unearthed document details brain 'abnormality' [REVEAL]Putin health fears as grimacing despot seen tightly gripping desk [PICTURES]  Russian authorities have acted promptly to squash any suggestion of Vladimir Putin’s weakness. Press Secretary for the President Dmitry Peskov described Putin as in “good health” and bashed rumours of illness as “nothing but hoaxes.” Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said: “I don’t think sane people can discern any sort of symptom of disease in this man.” When asked about rumours of President Putin’s health, CIA Director William Burns said Russian reports suggested he was “entirely too healthy,” although he was careful to clarify his statement was not a “formal intelligence judgement.” Read next: Zelensky handed lifeline as Putin running out of weaponsRavil Maganov: The Putin oil boss dead after opposing Ukraine warHumiliating moment Russian troops forced abandon their tank and runPutin issues chilling threat as despot’s next target laid barePutin sending clear threat to world with military drills with China 