Arsenal have had a £20million bid for Douglas Luiz turned down by Aston Villa, according to reports. Gunners technical director Edu is hoping to strike an agreement with both Villa and Luiz before tonight's 11pm deadline. Mikel Arteta wants to sign a midfielder following injuries to Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny. Arteta admitted he is short in the middle of the park, with Martin Odegaard also suffering a knock in the win over Villa on Wednesday. Arsenal's interest in Luiz dates back to earlier this year. The 24-year-old has entered the final year of his contract and therefore could be available in a cut-price deal. But Villa are not making it easy for their Premier League counterparts. 90min claim Villa have rejected an offer of £20m plus add-ons for Luiz. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  The Midlands club do not want to sell the Brazilian today despite the risk of him going for free next summer. He is in the final year of his contract. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says Arsenal are still attempting to agree personal terms with the player. Luiz is said to be keen on a move to north London. Manager Steven Gerrard was unable to confirm Luiz would stay following last night's match at the Emirates. DON'T MISS Arsenal boss Arteta provides Odegaard injury update after Villa winTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League moveTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm Gerrard said: "I'm not in control of that. There's two people, well, there's more than two people who are in control of that, but I'm certainly not one of them. "That will be Douglas, that will be his agent and that will be what happens around that. "I'd like to keep him, he's a fantastic player, I've made that abundantly clear. "We are not in position where we need to lose our top players, but at the same time Douglas has a year to go and it is one of them really touchy situations where the club has to do what is best for the club, not necessarily what is best for me." Villa could be about to sign a replacement for Luiz. They have agreed a fee with Wolves to sign Belgium international Leander Dendoncker. That could make it easier for Arsenal to secure a deal. Youri Tielemans has also long been linked with a move to the Gunners. However, he looks set to stay at Leicester until January at least. Brendan Rodgers does not want to lose another top player in this window.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here