The Western Balkan country was promised the speeding up of its accession process by the EU back in December, but the bloc is yet to officiate the new membership. On Thursday, German Foreign Minister Alexander Schallenberg called for the urgent accession of North Macedonia to the EU as he met with his North Macedonian counterpart Bujar Osmani in Vienna. He said: "In view of the Russian destabilisation potential in the Western Balkans, we cannot lose any more time and must therefore quickly follow up the announcements we made almost 20 years ago (at the EU "enlargement summit") in Thessaloniki with action." Following the Russian aggression on Ukraine, Northern Macedonia had "clearly and unambiguously taken a stand, and has for example fully supported the EU sanctions", and had thus "repeatedly demonstrated that it is part of the European community of values", he added. After the start of accession negotiations on 19 July, according to the Foreign Ministry, "further steps must follow in order to be able to move on to the next phase of negotiations". The six Balkan countries of Serbia, Kosovo, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Montenegro, Albania and North Macedonia have a formal European "perspective" - EU code for eventual membership of the world's largest trading bloc, although the process is largely stalled. For the Eastern Partnership countries, the EU is offering money, technical assistance and broad market access, having done free-trade deals with Tbilisi, Chisnau and Kyiv, in return for adopting EU democratic, administrative and economic norms. The war in Ukraine has lent new urgency to the process of trying to tie the Western Balkans closer to the 27-member bloc in a bid to counter Russian and Chinese influence. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz in June called on Bulgaria to lift its veto on EU accession talks for North Macedonia, saying the bloc should avoid dashing the membership hopes of countries in the Western Balkans. Mr Scholz, visiting Sofia as part of a two-day tour of the region ahead of an EU-Western Balkans leaders' summit on June 23, said he sensed a "new willingness" by the EU to expand after Russia's invasion. READ MORE: Poland demands WW2 reparations from Germany  Speaking at a news conference with Bulgarian Prime Minister Kiril Petkov, Mr Scholz said: "I see chances for progress. We will stay in close exchange in coming days." Mr Petkov reiterated Bulgaria's stance that North Macedonia must meet three conditions related to historical and cultural disputes between the two countries, urging Brussels to guarantee they were met. The issue is sensitive for Bulgaria's domestic politics. Earlier that month, Mr Scholz visited North Macedonia, which has already carried out many reforms in its bid to become an EU member, such as changing its name to meet Greek objections. Speaking in Skopje alongside North Macedonian Prime Minister Dimitar Kovacevski, he said Russia's invasion of Ukraine made it important for Europe to stand together. Shortly before returning to Germany, Chancellor Scholz said the will among many EU members to get the Western Balkans into the EU was stronger than it had been "for many years". DON'T MISS:Zelensky handed lifeline as Putin running out of weapons [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed [ANALYSIS]Downing Street hit with sexual misconduct allegations [VIDEO] Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis also said in June that the European Union should offer the integration of all six nations of the Western Balkans into the EU by 2033 in what he called a "bold but necessary step". In an article published in Politico ahead of a summit in Greece of the South East European Cooperation Process (SEECP), Mr Mitsotakis said the EU needs to prove that when "it sets out a vision it has the intent and the capacity to follow through". The vision of EU accession for the region, he said, has become "blurry, fading in the eyes of frustrated and disillusioned citizens" as EU expansion has stalled in recent years over security, governance and migration concerns. Albania, North Macedonia and Serbia have been waiting for admission for almost two decades. And Bosnia-Herzegovina and Kosovo are still waiting for candidate status. Additional reporting by Monika Pallenberg