In the US President's speech he attacks supporters of Donald Trump referring to them using the former US President's 2016 campaign slogan 'Make America Great Again' (MAGA). In the speech Mr Biden warns that Trump's supporters will take America "backwards" and want to ban abortion as well as promoting homophobia.   "  He said: "So tonight I have come to the place where it all began to speak plainly about the threats to the nation about the threats we face. "About the power we have in our own hands to meet those threats. "About the incredible future that lies in front of us if we choose it. "MAGA forces are determined to take this country backwards.  "Backwards to an America where there is no right to choose, no right to privacy, no right to contraception, no right to marry who you love. "For a long time, we've reassured ourselves that American democracy is guaranteed. "But it is not. We have to defend it. "Protect it. Stand up for it. READ MORE: Ukraine LIVE: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed  "Each and every one of us." In the speech at Philadelphia's Independence National Historical Park, the US President argued that public figures in America were all but calling for mass violence and rioting in the streets. Clearly referencing the January 6th 2021 attack on the US Capitol Mr Biden insisted that you can't be American and pro-Insurrectionist . In clear criticism of Mr Trump, the former Vice President said that the US could not let the integrity of its elections be undermined.   DON'T MISS: Trade war warning: EU to pull rug from under Biden TODAY [REVEAL] Emmanuel Macron pats himself on back - 'Proven Brexit wrong!'  [INSIGHT] Putin denies Gorbachev state funeral in final snub [SPOTLIGHT]  Discussing the controversy surrounding the 2020 US Presidential election, the US President said democracy cannot survive if one side believes there are only two outcomes in an election that either they win or are cheated. Mr Biden also insisted that there were "far more" Americans from "every" background that reject the MAGA "ideology" than those that accept it. The veteran Delaware-based politician insisted that the US was a nation that respected "free and fair" elections. He went on to to argue that the US accepts the "will" of the people and rejected political violence. The US President added that "blind" loyalty to a single leader and a "willingness" to engage in political violence is "fatal" to a democracy. 