Prince Harry is embroiled in an ongoing security row with the Home Office and the Metropolitan Police. When he and his wife Meghan Markle stepped down from their positions as senior working royals, they lost their taxpayer-funded police protective security. The Duke of Sussex has offered to pay for Met services but his request was denied. Harry challenged the decision and, in July, it was agreed the case will proceed to a Judicial Review. The prince has previously said he does not feel safe bringing his family to the UK without police protection. In January, when news of Harry’s security concerns came to light, the prince’s legal spokesperson released a statement explaining the situation, saying: “The UK will always be Prince Harry’s home and a country he wants his wife and children to be safe in.… “With the lack of police protection comes too great a personal risk. READ MORE: 'Angry' William skipped lunch with Harry and Queen in 'clear indicator' of Duke's hurt “The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. “In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home.” When Harry and Meghan returned for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June, they were provided with high-level police security. Now, a longtime journalist has claimed the prince uses the “security card as emotional blackmail” because of what happened to his mother in the summer of 1997. Mike Parry, the journalist who confirmed the news of Diana, Princess of Wales’ shocking death to the world, spoke to ToDiForDaily.com’s Kinsey Schofield about the 25th anniversary of the princess’ death, touching on how many security personnel would accompany the royal on overseas trips. Speaking on an episode of her podcast this week, Ms Schofield asked the broadcaster whether he thought the heavy security presence has impacted Harry’s desire for heightened security when visiting the UK. Mr Parry said: “I think Harry has had to deal with mental turmoil all his life, from the moment he was pictured walking behind his mother’s coffin — what kind of effect would that have on a little boy, as he was then? “And I’m sure that mental turmoil has tormented him all of his life, but remember, William was there as well. “William seems to have handled it better in the terms of growing up into an adult man with responsibilities and having to put the past behind him, live in the present and look to the future, which Harry has struggled to do.” “I have to say, I think Harry sometimes uses the security card really as a manipulative pawn on the chess board. “I think there is a little bit of emotional blackmail there because of what happened to his mother. “There are still a lot of people on this earth who believe Diana, Princess of Wales was hounded to her death by the paparazzi and it was the pressure of her fame that led to her ultimate demise.” Harry has previously pointed the blame at the paparazzi who followed Diana’s car into the Alma tunnel in Paris on the night of the tragic car crash. DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] Speaking in the BBC documentary ‘Diana, 7 Days’, the Duke alleged the photographers who pursued the car took pictures of his mother as she lay dying. He said: “One of the hardest things to come to terms with is the people who chased her into the tunnel were the same people who were taking photographs of her while she was still dying on the back seat of the car. “And William and I know that, we've been told that numerous times by people that know that was the case. “She'd had quite a severe head injury but she was very much alive on the back seat. “And those people that caused the accident instead of helping were taking photographs of her dying on the back seat. “And then those photographs made their way back to newsdesks in this country.” More recently, Harry revealed he had fears of “history repeating itself” when it came to the media’s treatment of Meghan. In his AppleTV+ docuseries ‘The Me You Can't See’, which he co-created with Oprah Winfrey, Harry opened up on the similarities between his childhood with his mother and his relationship with Meghan. He said: “We get followed. Photographed, chased, harassed. The clicking of cameras and the flashes of the cameras makes my blood boil. It makes me angry and takes me back to what happened to my mom and what I experienced as a kid. “Not just traditional media, but also social media platforms as well. I felt completely helpless.” When he noticed how “history was repeating itself”, Harry said he was determined not to let another woman in his life get mistreated. He said: “Do I have any regrets? Yeah. My biggest regret is not making more of a stance earlier on in my relationship with my wife and calling out the racism when I did. “History was repeating itself. My mother was chased to her death while she was in a relationship with someone that wasn't white and now look what's happened.” Diana was travelling with her partner Dodi Al-Fayed at the time of her death.  The couple was in Paris when they were involved in the tragic car crash. Diana, Dodi and their driver Henri Paul all died from injuries sustained in the crash, while the princess’ bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones survived. Henri Paul, who was under the influence of alcohol and prescription drugs, lost control of the black Mercedes at a high speed and subsequently collided with a pillar in the Alma tunnel. Two police investigations — one in 1999 and the other in 2008 — concluded the crash was an accident, with the responsibility being placed on the driver. The initial French investigation found that Mr Paul was solely responsible for the crash, while the British inquiry, nine years later, found the collision was a result of Mr Paul’s negligent driving and the pursuing paparazzi vehicles. There was no evidence to suggest the paparazzi were chasing the princess with the intent to kill her.