Manchester United owner Joel Glazer was convinced to splash out £85.5million on Antony after seeing the player's desire to move to Old Trafford, according to reports. Antony has become the second-most expensive signing in United's history. The Red Devils completed a deal for the Brazilian on transfer deadline day. He had been linked with a move to the Premier League throughout the summer but Ajax were desperate to keep hold of him. Ajax had already allowed Lisandro Martinez to join United, while last season's top scorer Sebastien Haller left for Borussia Dortmund. The Dutch side slapped a huge asking price on Antony, partly in an attempt to put potential suitors off a move. However, United got their man this week after months of speculation. And The Athletic claims it was the actions from Antony himself which led to Glazer sanctioning such a huge transfer. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd Antony pressure, Arsenal Luiz solution, Chelsea warned  Antony went on strike at Ajax in order to force through an exit. He also spoke to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano late last week, outlining his desire to leave Ajax in this window. Antony's arrival took United's spending to over £230m this summer and he could make his debut in Sunday's visit of Arsenal. The 22-year-old knows United boss Erik ten Hag well, having played under the Dutchman for two years at Ajax. And he is delighted to be working with the manager again. Antony said: “Erik ten Hag is an excellent coach. "I’ve got tremendous respect and affection for him. From the moment I arrived at Ajax he treated me so well and put his faith in me. It’s not by chance I had such a great run of form under him for two years. DON'T MISSChelsea have 'another Fabregas' as Arsenal backlash expectedMan Utd star lacks 'fundamental basics of football' as Ten Hag sent warningMan Utd predicted XI vs Arsenal with Casemiro and Ronaldo in contention  “We developed this mutual trust and closeness. He's a manager I have respect and affection for – when I found out he was moving here, I wished him all the best and all the success he deserves. “Now I'm alongside him again, I hope to make history, develop and grow further under his management. He knows what my daily work is like, how I train, how I give 100 per cent in games and this trust grew and developed. "His confidence in me grew as he got to know me better. I'm really happy and grateful to see his confidence in my game from my time at Ajax."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt