Friday’s edition of BBC Breakfast was dedicated to Bill Turnbull and as Louise Minchin paid tribute to the late star, Charlie Stayt noted he never had the honour of presenting alongside him. Charlie remarked male presenters never host the show with one another and it’s always a male and female presenter on the sofa together. “He wasn’t just a team for me, he was a team for the whole production team, I know we all loved him so much,” Louise commented. “It wasn’t to say he wasn’t tough on us, tough on me, if he thought you weren’t being rigorous in your journalism, you were using words which were on that unofficial ‘banned’ list, he’d always come up to you and have a quiet word. “But that was always done with the programme at its heart and I wouldn’t such a good journalist if it wasn’t for him and that eye for detail. “Naga, you know what it’s like, we wake up very early in the morning and sometimes we’re dealing with really hard stories and we don’t know, there will be people watching this morning and maybe they’ve popped out of the room and there’s a child watching and he would always get the tone just spot on and perfect. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife “I always felt I was in safe hands and I know that’s reflected in all the people watching today, we were all in safe hands when Bill was there on the sofa.” “I’m just curious about working with Bill because obviously as another male presenter, I never actually sat alongside Bill,” Charlie remarked. “Sometimes I was on outside broadcasts when I was on the show with Bill but what I know, and what I’m hearing from all of production is that thing you touched on, where he was tough on things when they went wrong. “But he had a knack of being kind alongside that is one we can all learn from. “People in this industry sometimes kick off and we’ve all seen it. “But from everything I hear, he had a knack somehow of making people get things right but not feel bad, and make things better, which is quite a trick.” Louise went on to reveal Bill had encouraged a BBC cameraman to go and get checked for cancer. “Just standing here today is an absolutely key example, Bill was very private about his family and his lovely wife and his children, of who he was so proud,” she stated. DON'T MISS...Carol Kirkwood recalls 'getting my jugs out' in Bill Turnbull memory [WATCH]Strictly's Karen Hardy sobs over final text from Bill Turnbull [VIDEO]Susanna Reid shares touching tribute to 'wise' Bill Turnbull [TRIBUTE] “But he took that brave decision didn’t he to talk about his diagnosis with prostate cancer and it saved lives. “I’m standing here today with a cameraman called Bernard, who went and got checked because of what Bill said. “He had an aggressive form of cancer, it was caught, he had treatment and he’s here with me because of Bill. “That for me is a gift to everyone.” Bill died aged 66 surrounded by his family, who said in a statement: “He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues and messages from people wishing him luck. "It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.