Crown Princess Mary of Denmark, 50, stepped out today at the opening of the exhibition 2030 NOW. The Danish Royal Family posted on their Instagram page: "Her Royal Highness the Crown Princess opened an outdoor exhibition in Sønderborg today about the UN's Global Goals. The purpose of the exhibition is to inform about the importance of the Global Goals and to inspire concrete action at all levels.  "The Crown Princess was presented with a flower bouquet made of sustainable materials, created by students from the Preparatory Basic Education in Sønderborg, as well as a head of cabbage by the artist group Gamborg/Magnussen, whose performance 'Ordinary Cabbage' is linked to the UN's World Goal 2 to reduce hunger." The Princess wore her Tod's Zeppa Decollete Beige Suede Wedges, which she has worn since 2014. They are described as: "A chic investment pair from Tod's, these suede wedges are a timeless style to keep. READ MORE: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast  "Coated in beige suede with a neutrally hued wooden heel, wear them with jeans and a blazer for relaxed dinners out, or try with a simple black dress for easy elegance." As they are no longer in stock, it is unclear how much these shoes cost. Mary paired these shoes with a long-sleeved white blouse and a multicoloured skirt. The skirt was a maxi skirt and featured deep purple, orange, yellow and blue colours.   The Princess opted for her Rebekka Notkin ‘Cuff’ Gold Bracelet. Mary is rarely seen without this bracelet, who began wearing the item in 2019. The bracelet is a thick gold bracelet with a gap between its two ends, similar to a bangle.. READ MORE: A look at Crown Princess Mary of Denmark's £30,000 ring  Its description says: "For the bohemian aura wear it with wood bracelet, vintage bakelite bracelets and loose gold chains. "For the polished and classic mind wear it alone or with present bracelet." It is no longer in stock so it is unclear how much the bracelet cost at the time. Mary then opted for a deco diamond ring from the same brand, which was also a repeat wear. The description says: "Ring handcrafted in gold set with 0.58 carat diamonds."  Mary could be seen carrying her Ralph Lauren Soft Ricky Tote Bag in Beige. Its description says: "This Soft Ricky is made in Italy from layers of hand-stitched Italian Nappa leather and features a contrasting bonded-calfskin lining that adds a rich pop of colour. "This lightweight version of our iconic Ricky bag takes up to eight hours to construct and is finished with our custom logo-embossed leather-covered signature lock." Unfortunately, this bag is no longer in stock.  Royal fan @catherine.duncan48 took to Instagram saying: "Beautiful outfit for Mary, I can see us all wearing something similar soon." Another royal watcher, @alisahilde_ added: "Wow she looks like Kate Middleton's twin!"