A dinner lady from Lancashire burst into tears as she was saying how difficult it was to have to deny children food because their parents are unable to afford school meals. The most vulnerable households are already bearing the brunt of the cost-of-living crisis, with energy bills and food prices skyrocketing fuelled by inflation and the war in Ukraine. The dinner lady said how heartbreaking it was to have to refuse meals to children. She told Politics Joe: "It’s breaking my heart, you know. "You see them, they’re in a queue full of their peers and other school children, and it’s humiliating for them. "It’s so humiliating. They just look at you like: 'Well, what am I going to eat?' "And you’re like: 'I can’t give you anything I’m sorry'." As energy regulator Ofgem is set to raise the energy price cap to £3,549 a year in October, struggling households will see their energy bills rise even further, with up to 8 million people falling into fuel poverty according to the charity National Energy Action. Facing that prospect, the dinner lady said: "Now, I’m just dreading going back to work. I’m dreading October. And to be honest, it’s getting to the point where I’m just like: 'I don’t even think I can do this job anymore.' "I didn’t take the job on to starve children," she said overwhelmed by emotion. Unable to contain her tears, the dinner lady started sobbing. READ MORE: Queen 'determined to be seen' despite health issues during crisis "You know, something has to give, and I just don’t think it should be children’s spirits, you know?" the crying dinner lady said. When asked about what she has observed over the past few months, she said: "I just noticed I spend as much time taking food away from children as I do serving it. "And to be honest, it’s not what I took the job for. You know, I never dreamt that I’d be having to tell children: 'You can’t have that. You have no money on your account'." The dinner lady went on to explain how only a year ago parents would sometimes forget to leave money for their children to get food. Now, parents are simply unable to afford school meals for their children, she lamented. DON'T MISS:OVO Energy announces £50m Customer Support Package [REPORT] ISA millionaires plunge but Britons could still achieve lofty goal [REPORT] POLL: Should the Government do more to help YOU this winter? [POLL] She said: "Now, you’re talking 10 to 15 children a shift every day, every single day. And I’m saying: 'You can’t have that. There’s no money'." The Resolution Foundation think tank reports household incomes will drop by ten percent and push an extra 3 million people into poverty. Without support from the Government, the fall in the typical household’s income would be twice as severe as that in the global financial crisis of 2008. Liz Truss, the Tory leadership frontrunner who is likely to become the next Prime Minister, has so far failed to set out any concrete announcements. Her campaign said she is not able to lay out a plan until "she has been able to look at all the information and data available". READ NEXT:Edwina Currie slams Martin Lewis over cost of living claimCost of living payment: Who will be paid in September?PIP claimants could receive an extra £150 this SeptemberDad slashes £625 off energy bill by updating one ‘guzzling’ applianceState pension warning as Britons face £315 shortfall - ‘not doable!'