Jack Sheridan (played by Martin Henderson) has quite the ordeal to overcome in season five of Virgin River after being hit with the bombshell that his ex Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) twins aren’t his. On top of this, he was given another piece of gargantuan news when Mel Monroe (Alexandra Breckenridge) confirmed her unborn baby did belong to him. With filming currently underway, Henderson has given fans a sneak peek as to what will lie ahead for Jack. And while he did his best to avoid any major spoilers, he did confirm Jack would be spending more time with Hope McCrea (Annette O’Toole) again. Jack and Hope would cross paths frequently in the first two seasons of Virgin River, what with Hope acting as mayor and Jack the owner of the town’s hottest bar. They would also confide in one another frequently over Mel, with Hope desperate to keep her in Virgin River to work alongside Doc (Tim Matheson) while Jack wanted her nearby to explore their romantic connection. But in season three, Jack and Hope’s relationship took a turn when she left town to visit a relative. READ MORE: Virgin River plot hole: Mel should have known Jack is the father Primarily written into the script to work around Covid restrictions at the time, this meant O’Toole’s character only sporadically appeared in season three over FaceTime. And by the time the third run came to an end, she was hospitalized with a traumatic brain injury when her car collided with another on her way back to Virgin River. Hope was on the mend in season four but once again, Jack kept his distance as she recovered from the horrific injury at home and often only leant on Doc for support. By the time season four approached its conclusion though, Hope had begun to assimilate herself back into society and in season five, it looks like she and back will be back to their friendly ways. And it’s a prospect and storyline Henderson welcomes judging by his latest social media post which celebrated O’Toole. Henderson penned alongside a series of images of himself and O’Toole: “On set shooting season 5 of @virginriverseries with the uber talented @annetteotoole4152 for @netflix. “Loving having Jack back in scenes with Hope,” Henderson concluded to his 1.1million followers. And Henderson wasn’t alone as O’Toole took to the comments to echo: “It was so much fun, Martin! Let’s do it some more.” DON'T MISS:Virgin River season 5 theory: Two newcomers arrive after Lizzie clue?Virgin River's Grayson Gurnsey pays tribute to star after exitVirgin River star Grayson Gurnsey confirms Ricky's fate for season 5 Needless to say, it didn’t take long for members of the fandom to also share their excitement. Fan account @melckvirginriver weighed in: “All of us were missing the Jack and Hope scenes @martinhendersonofficial @annetteotoole4152.” While @virginriverpassionate added: “So happy to see you two in scenes together, can’t wait to see them.” Another fan account, @virginriverserie, concurred: “So good news Martin... I can't wait to see this I love it.” Elsewhere, @thevirginriverfamily expressed their delight: “Can’t wait for more Jack and Hope scenes.” And @daniela.caroselli commented in response to the snaps: “Look forward to seeing you both in season 5 scenes…” What exactly Jack and Hope will be facing or working on together remains to be seen but it’ll undoubtedly get diehard fans eager to see how season five unfolds. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.