In a bid to be crowned the number one platform for purchasing and playing PC games, Epic continues to give away video games completely free of charge. The latest selection of Epic Store free games include the critically-acclaimed Shadow of the Tomb Raider Definitive Edition, which is the third part of Lara Croft's reboot trilogy. The Definitive Edition is free to download and keep from now until 4pm BST on September 8. All you've got to do is sign in to your Epic Games account, head over to the store page and add Shadow of the Tomb Raider Definitive Edition to your library. Provided you don't accidentally delete your Epic account, the game is yours to download and play whenever the mood takes you. A gorgeous game with a jungle setting, Shadow of the Tomb Raider sees Lara Croft attempt to save the world from certain doom. "As Lara Croft races to save the world from a Maya apocalypse, she must become the Tomb Raider she is destined to be," reads the official description. "In Shadow of the Tomb Raider Definitive Edition experience the final chapter of Lara’s origin as she is forged into the Tomb Raider she is destined to be." As the name suggests, the Definitive Edition of Shadow of the Tomb Raider contains the base game and post-release DLC. This includes the seven additional tombs released after the main game, not to mention bonus weapons, outfits and skills. In addition to Shadow of the Tomb Raider Epic is also giving away free copies of Submerged Hidden Depths, as well as bonus DLC for Knockout City. Indeed, login to Knockout City with your Epic Games account before September 8, and you'll receive the free Armazillo Bundle. This little bundle of goodies contains the Kaiju Terror outfit, the Armaillo Mask, the Kaiju Claws, City Crusher pose, Armazillo player icon and the Nuclear Fallout crew logo. Submerged Hidden Depths, meanwhile, is an exploration game set within the "sunken ruins of a beautiful world". "Submerged: Hidden Depths is a non-combat third-person 'relaxploration' adventure, set in the sunken ruins of a beautiful world. "Take on the role of Miku and Taku – one cursed with a mysterious power that she wants to use for good, the other determined not to let it tear them apart." The games will be replaced by a brand new selection of freebies on September 8. This includes a bundle for Realm Royale Reforged, as well as Hundred Days - Winemaking Simulator.