Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has spoken for the first time about the club's failed deadline-day pursuit of Aston Villa midfielder Douglas Luiz less than 24 hours after. The Gunners made a late rush for reinforcements amid increasing injury concerns but unsuccessfully tested Villa's resolve. Injuries to Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny and Ainsley Maitland Niles' move to Southampton have left Arteta thin on midfield options. Granit Xhaka and Albert Sambi Lokonga are the Spaniards only two defensive midfield options ahead of Sunday's crucial visit to face Manchester United at Old Trafford. The Gunners attempted to resolve the situation by taking advantage of Luiz entering the final 12 months of his Villa contract. However, they saw three separate deadline-day offers - worth £20million, £23m and £25m - rejected, despite Steven Gerrard adding Leander Dendoncker to his ranks. Ahead of facing the Red Devils this weekend, Arteta reacted to Arsenal's late transfer activity and admitted the club tried but were unable to acquire the right player before 11pm. He told reporters: "We had a lot of things still to do in the squad. JUST IN: Man Utd board 'vetoed' Erik Ten Hag transfer amid Chelsea links "The club has done a phenomenal job of bringing in players that we wanted. Unfortunately, in the last 72 hours, Thomas [Partey] and Mo [Elneny] got injured, and we had to react in the market. We tried, and at the end of the day, we have to bring in the players we feel are right, but we didn't manage to do it." Luiz was said to be keen on a switch to the Emirates Stadium and would've been reunited with Arteta, who he briefly worked with at Manchester City. However, Gerrard has affirmed his confidence that the 24-year-old Brazilian will understand why he wasn't allowed to leave so late in the window. READ MORE: Chelsea offer Aubameyang injury update as Blues facing delay "I've got confidence he'll understand the situation and the club's decision. We didn't want to lose a very important player and a top player so late in the window," Gerrard explained. "From a personal point of view, I very much back the club's decision and stance on that. I spoke to Dougie face-to-face yesterday, and he understood where it was at and the position that the club was in." The double midfield pivot featuring Lokonga and Xhaka combined well in Wednesday's 2-1 win over Villa, in which Luiz scored directly from a corner for the second time this season. So it's likely Arteta will stick with the duo in Sunday's top-four six-pointer against United. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here