The Duke, 37, and Duchess of Sussex, 41, welcomed three-year-old Archie back in 2019. The couple announced Meghan’s pregnancy shortly after they tied the knot at Windsor in 2018. Meghan and Harry announced the imminent arrival of their second child, Lilibet Diana, on Valentine’s Day in 2021. A spokesperson said: "We can confirm that Archie is going to be a big brother. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are overjoyed to be expecting their second child." One-year-old Lilibet was born in June last year. But there is one value that the Duke and Duchess are already looking to emphasise for their two young children. Speaking to her son during a car ride from Archie’s school, Meghan reiterated the importance of being polite, as The Cut’s Allison P. Davis travelled with them. "If he forgets to say please or thank you, Meghan reminds him of the manners that make the man," Ms Davis writes. In the wide-ranging interview for the offshoot of New York Magazine, young Archie is described as "lively", sporting a "shock of ginger curls identical to his father's." READ MORE: Meghan ‘threatens’ Firm as duchess hints at secrets In a recently-released episode of the Duchess of Sussex's new Spotify podcast, Archetypes, she revealed that a fire had broke out in Archie's bedroom during a royal tour of South Africa. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were still working royals at the time, and Archie was a new-born. Meghan said she felt "shaken" after the incident, which she described as being during a royal engagement for the Duke and Duchess elsewhere. She said on the podcast: "There was this moment where I'm standing on a tree stump and I'm giving this speech to women and girls, and we finish the engagement, we get in the car and they say there's been a fire at the residence." DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [VOTE] She added: "We came back. And, of course, as a mother, you go, 'Oh, my God, what?' Everyone's in tears, everyone's shaken. "And what do we have to do? Go out and do another official engagement. "I said, 'This doesn't make any sense'." A source familiar with the incident then told South African news outlet, The Citizen: "The heater burnt. "The house didn’t burn, the rooms didn’t burn. "I didn’t see the fire itself, but I saw the heater when it came out of the room. The plastic was severely melted." They described how the group was travelling in a convoy, before "Meghan broke away" and "bolted" to the official Cape Town residence. And they added: “When we got to the house, the house-keeper called me and showed me the heater that was burnt and told me what had happened and that the child was not in the room at the time the heater burnt, they smelt it, went up and saw the smoke. “When we stopped at the residence, I can tell you that she didn’t get out of the car like a lady normally gets out. "She bolted into the house.”