Nick Kyrgios has set up an enticing clash with defending champion Daniil Medvedev at the US Open after comfortably dispatching emerging star JJ Wolf in his third round match. Kyrgios was expected to be given a tricky test by the young American, but was instead dominant throughout as he cruised through 6-4 6-2 6-3. It was then over to Medvedev, who was equally ruthless in beating Wu Yibing 6-4 6-2 6-2. The two high profile stars will now meet in the last 16 on Sunday, with both eying a huge opportunity in light of the absence of Novak Djokovic. The controversial Australian took control in just the fifth game of the match, breaking serve with a perfectly executed lob shot. He faced little resistance thereafter, displaying his full box of tricks to reach the fourth stage in New York for the first time in his career. As always the case, it has been anything but a quiet week for the Canberra man in Flushing Meadows, having been a handed a fine of £6,500 for spitting and swearing during his victory over Benjamin Bonzi on Wednesday. During the same tie, he also ordered the umpire to issue a warning to the crowd about people smoking marijuana. JUST IN: Serena Williams in tears after final US Open match as legend refuses to rule out comeback But the 27-year-old is undoubtedly a threat to Medvedev's crown, off the back of the best season of his career. He reached a Grand Slam final for the first time at Wimbledon, where he was beaten by Djokovic in four sets. Furthermore, his record against the Russian star is an impressive one, having beaten him in three of their four tour meetings. Their most recent clash came at the ATP Masters 1000 Canada event in Montreal, which Kyrgios won in three sets. DON'T MISS:Serena Williams' 27-year career ends at US Open with emotional loss to Ajla TomljanovicAndy Murray overpowered by Matteo Berrettini as battling Brit crashes out of the US OpenAndy Murray fightback sees Mark Petchey liken Matteo Berrettini to his wife in brutal dig Top seed Medvedev, 26, was missing from SW19 over the All England Tennis Club's decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players. However, he was still elevated back to world No 1 with the tournament stripped of ranking points. His 2021 success in New York, where he denied Djokovic a calendar Slam, represents his sole major win to date. And he's been imperious so far this time around, yet to drop a set in his three matches.