Roger Federer has been given the advantage in the GOAT debate despite Novak Djokovic’s records. The Bryan Brothers gave their verdict on who would go down as the best male player and shared the one reason they believed the Swiss star would be favoured over the world No 6, even if he was the best on paper. Federer is finally set to make his long-awaited return to tennis later this month at the Laver Cup. The 41-year-old has not played for more than a year, ending his 2021 season after Wimbledon to undergo a third knee surgery, but will be back in action alongside long-time rivals Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic as part of Team Europe at the three-day event. In the Swiss player’s absence, both Nadal and Djokovic have been able to surpass his previous all-time record of 20 men’s singles Grand Slam titles, with the Spaniard holding 22 and the world No 6 on 21. It has left the 103-time title winner largely out of the GOAT conversation over the past 12 months with the battle to win Grand Slams becoming a two-man race. But fellow tennis legends Bob and Mike Bryan have now backed Federer to go down as the greatest of all time, claiming that his pull with tennis fans could mean more than the numbers. “We are all lucky as tennis fans to be part of this generation, watch what these guys do what they are doing,” Mike told Tennis365. JUST IN: Serena Williams hints at retirement U-turn with Australian Open remark  The 123-time doubles title winner was quick to hail Djokovic’s stats and Nadal’s record at the French Open but admitted that it would be Federer who remained the GOAT in the eyes of the fans. “Three guys over 20 Grand Slams. I think Roger might have the fans favourite, Novak might have it all on paper when it is said and done. Then Rafa’s 14 French Open titles are super-human,” he added. And both brothers also admitted that they personally thought Federer was also the best of the three. “For me it has to be Roger Federer. Those few years when he was dominating, he barely lost any matches,” Mike said. The multi-Grand Slam winning twins also explained that their personal experiences with the 20-time Major champion made him their pick. DON'T MISS Cameron Norrie storms into US Open fourth round with bruising winKyrgios' defiant message to fans who 'hate' him ahead of Medvedev tieCameron Norrie complaints and menacing gesture made by Holger Rune   He continued: “He doesn’t sweat, he just like a zen master. He is also the most relaxed in the locker room. Before a Wimbledon final, he’s laughing in the dressing room like it’s a Sunday afternoon in the park. When it’s all said and done, who knows who will have all the records, but I will always have a special place in my heart for Roger.” While the Bryans are firmly behind Federer in the GOAT race, the former world No 1 could find his records surpassed even further with Nadal bidding for a 23rd Grand Slam title at the US Open this fortnight. The 36-year-old will be trying to extend his lead over Djokovic with the Serb banned from entering the country to compete as a result of his unvaccinated status.