Ricky Perry purchased the two flat whites at the Bistrot Pierre restaurant in Plymouth, Devon, but upon asking for the bill, he received the hefty bill. It's believed a waitress had accidentally left another table's payment on the card machine, resulting in him paying for their bill as well as his drinks.   A flat white at the chain costs £2.85, reports Plymouth Live. Ricky asked for a refund vut claims staff were unaware how to process one at the French restaurant. "The manager actually said to me, 'It does pay to look at the screen before you pay for things'. When she came out with that I found it quite rude," he said. "The first thing to come out of her mouth should have been, 'I'm ever so sorry about this'. It definitely sounded like she was blaming me for the error. "She told me she hadn't needed to do a refund in six months so it was probably a case of she didn't really know how to do it and she also didn't want to do it. So instead of just admitting that she came straight at me - an apology just would have been nice."  He says he was then asked to go away again and then told he would receive a call once the refund had gone through, but claims two hours passed and he had heard nothing back. He returned and was then told it would take two to five working days for the refund to go through. Five days came and went and Ricky says still no refund had appeared in his account. On contacting Bistrot Pierre again he says he was told to "have some patience" so he gave it another week, but says nothing came through. He said he spoke to a different member of staff, who said they had seen his email but had made stock filling a 'priority' instead. Ricky said: "I kept getting passed from one person to the next and no one seemed to be able to do a simple refund. They were quick enough to take the money from my account. I just don't think it's on to be honest." Ricky says overall in the last three weeks he's called Bistrot Pierre four or five times and emailed approximately six or seven times. Ricky said before the troubles with his refund he had enjoyed visiting the eatery quite often but now states "he would never go back". The spokesperson also stated the refund only amounted to £32 but said Ricky had been credited with a £40 gift voucher as an apology. They stated this had all been processed by August 30. However Ricky says he is yet to receive any money. He says he had been informed today, September 1, he would receive the payment in the next two to five days. A spokesperson for the restaurant said: "The refund of just over £32 was made to the customer immediately following the overpayment, but the customer in question did let us know this week that it had not been credited to his bank account. By way of apology for the inconvenience a further credit of £40 was issued back to his card and in addition a £40 gift voucher was offered to him, to spend in the restaurant at a time of his choosing. "This was all confirmed by email to him on August 30. Customer service is very important to all our Bistrot Pierre staff and ensuring our customers have a positive experience is paramount, which is why we have gone the extra mile to compensate the gentleman for any inconvenience. "We look forward to welcoming him and his friends back to the Bistrot soon." 