Emmerdale viewers are counting down the days until a storm devastates the village in October as the soap turns 50 years old. Police officer Harriet Finch (played by Katherine Dow Blyton) is set to feature heavily as part of the milestone month. Will she come face to face with a character she buried deep in the ground on the night of the storm? Vicar turned cop Harriet has been concealing a deadly secret for years which she shares with Emmerdale businesswoman Kim Tate (Claire King). ITV soap viewers will recall Harriet buried the body of bent police officer Detective Inspector Mark Malone (Mark Womack) two years ago after he tried to attack Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley). She had to dig up his body and rebury him at a later date before Kim took care of the final place where he was laid to rest. Only Kim knows the location of his rotting body, but could his corpse be unearthed when a ferocious storm destroys Emmerdale in upcoming scenes? READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy to leave with Meg as fans 'work out' replacement  When asked if Malone’s body resurfaces in October’s deadly storm, Katherine exclusively told Express.co.uk: “I think the problem is, after she buried him and reburied him she thought that was it, but obviously, Kim has got her talons involved so Harriet doesn’t actually know where that body is now. “I’ve washed my hands of it as far as Harriet’s concerned but there is still that worry that Kim has got that information and she knows Harriet’s involvement in Malone’s death. “Surely it’s always going to be there if you helped murder and bury a man.   "You will not just wake up one morning and forget about that. “It’s always going to be there but she doesn’t actually physically know where the body is.” Could his body be in the surrounding area, or did Kim make sure he was buried away from the Yorkshire Dales? Katherine added: "I don't know, hand on heart, where Kim put the body so it's nothing to do with me anymore. DON'T MISS....Liam Fox children: Does Emmerdale's Dan Spencer star have children?... [EXPLAINER]Emmerdale theory: Dead family member comes back to haunt Faith [THEORY]Emmerdale's Mackenzie exposed after fans 'work out' Chas Dingle clue [REACTION] "I don't know where he is, I left him in the woods under six feet of earth wrapped up in a blanket. "So what happened [to him] after that I don't know." Harriet is set to be embroiled in a love triangle storyline in October when she declares her love for Kim's husband-to-be Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) on their wedding day. Could a betrayed Kim seek revenge on Harriet by digging up Malone's body and leaving it in her garden?  How would Harriet feel if she came face to face with Malone after all this time? Will she get framed for his murder while Kim gets off scot-free for her involvement in the crime? While Harriet and Dawn acted in self-defence against Malone, Harriet went on to bury him and lie about it for years. She might be sentenced to life in prison. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV. 