Kate Middleton was born on January 9 so is a Capricorn. The Duchess of Cambridge was known to love her time at the University of St Andrews, which is where she met her now-husband, Prince William. Lady Louise Windsor, on the other hand, is a Scorpio as she was born on November 8. Will she have the same experience at the University of St Andrews as Kate did? Inbaal Honigman, an expert astrologer, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to compare their star charts. She said: "Capricorns like Kate love tradition. They enjoy following rules and so strict environments are a joy to them. "Capricorn is a sign that thrives on achievement, and therefore a learning environment that rewards excellence is perfect for them - similarly to other Earth signs like Virgo and Taurus." READ MORE: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast  How will Louise's star sign compare? Inbaal explained: "Scorpios, on the other hand, thrive in creative atmospheres - organisations that celebrate individuality. "A Scorpio is an interesting sign, emotional and independent, untethered by convention. Prince Charles is a Scorpio as well! "In an environment that might be strict or impersonal, the Scorpio would feel lost and alone.   "Finding a group of like-minded friends will be the perfect solution. "Other Water signs like Pisces and Cancer are likely to understand what the Scorpio is going through, and offer emotional unity." What are Louise's moon and ascending signs? Inbaal stated: "Lady Louise has her moon in Taurus, which is a very dedicated, goal-oriented sign. This will help her stay in her lane and succeed where others have failed.  "With a Taurus moon, she'll be frugal with her resources, choosing to spend only what she needs, so there will be no wild parties or restaurant meals, just socialising on the lawns and studying with friends. "Her ascendant, also known as the rising sign, is Leo, which is a sign that belongs on a winner's podium. "If there are awards for personal achievements, be they educational or social, she will do her best!" Are there any similarities with Kate's zodiac signs?  Inbaal opined: "Kate's ascendant is also Leo! She must have enjoyed collecting medals and trophies for her successes during her university years. "Her moon sign is Cancer, which is actually a sign that is itself governed by the moon. "Cancer is a family-minded, loving sign. This means she was always hoping for her university years to provide her with a husband, and boy, did it deliver!" Lady Louise will be starting her studies in Scotland later this month. 