The Royal couple who are now living in the US had confirmed a visit to the United Kingdom was on the cards this month. A spokesman previously said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would be returning temporarily to see "several charities close to their hearts." According to Hello! the couple were seen driving earlier today, with a picture of Prince Harry in the drivers' seat. It is not known how long their visit will last.   At present, it's not confirmed whether or not the Royals have brought their children Archie and Lili on the working trip, which is the first time they have returned back to the UK since the Queen's Jubilee celebrations in June. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will appear at events in London and Manchester over the course of this week, and will also pay a visit to Germany where they will mark the one year countdown to the Invictus Games. There has been no indication as yet of the couple's intentions to visit the Queen, who has remained at Balmoral amid "health and mobility" concerns. Prince Charles and wife Camilla have had to step-in and attend the Highland Games, a prestigious event in the Queen's calendar.    Harry and Meghan's first stop is to Manchester on Monday for the One Young World summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. The timing of their trip also coincides with the announcement of a new Prime Minister, with the leadership contest laying with either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss as the next leader of the Conservative Party. While their week is jam-packed with engagements, the Sussexes will be staying at their Frogmore Cottage home in Windsor, which is just a 15 minute walk from the Cambridge's new home at Adelaide Cottage. READ MORE: Meghan sparks 'nightmare' for Kate and William after US success   But there's uncertainty over whether or not the Sussexes and the Cambridges will meet up despite being in close proximity to each other. A source has claimed relations between Prince William and Prince Harry are not good, which may be a factor in the brothers choosing not see each other. Both their homes are on the Queen’s estate in Berkshire, and take just a five minute drive to travel between. Their return comes just days after Meghan's in-depth interview with US magazine The Cut in which she said it takes "a lot of effort" to forgive and hinted that she can "say anything".  In the interview by Allison P. Davis for The New York Times' magazine, Meghan said that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as senior working royals. Meghan also revealed that she intends to start using Instagram again, having stopped prior to marrying Prince Harry. Along with the Sussexes being back on British soil, this week will also be a big one for Prince George, Louis and Princess Charlotte as they start at Lambrook School in Berkshire, which is said to cost £7,000 a term. As a result, the Cambridges will likely be home all week - just a 15 minute walk from Frogmore Cottage.