British telly addicts are getting a new way and very cheap way to tune into their favourite shows. German technology firm METZ, has just announced the release of its latest Roku-powered TVs which not only offer a pin-sharp 4K viewing experience but also easy access to online platforms such as Freeview and Netflix. That's all thanks to Roku's streaming software being built into the screen screen so there's no need for additional set-top boxes. The new range, which starts from just £159, includes both standard HD screens and more impressive Ultra HD with sizes ranging from 32-inches right up to cinema-style 65-inches. Once the TV is linked to a broadband connection, users will then be able to view hours of shows, movies and sporting action with Roku's TV OS including seamless integration all the most popular services. Those who don't want to pay a monthly subscription fee will find Freeview Play, BBC iPlayer, ITV Hub, All 4, My 5, The Roku Channel all available on the TV. If it's more premium content you want to watch then it's also easy to find Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, AppleTV+ and Paramount+. There's even full access to Sky via NOW TV. Other features included with Roku includes the option to easily search for content via title, actor, genre plus it's simple to see where you can stream entertainment for free or at the lowest cost. The TVs are fully compatible with Apple's AirPlay and a feature call Private Listening lets you Private Listening ue headphones with the Roku mobile app to watch TV without disturbing the rest of the house. “We’re really excited to be bringing these debut Direct LED TVs to the U.K.,” said Rob Peacock, METZ TV’s Commercial Director in the U.K. “We’re confident that their blend of excellent picture quality, stunning aesthetics, and ultra-keen pricing are going to strike a chord amongst cash-strapped buyers here. With the speedy Roku TV OS and Freeview Play on board, as well as USB Timeshifting and Low Blue Light LEDs (to lessen viewing fatigue), these sets look certain to win many new fans.” If you think one of these screens could fit into your home then here's the full list of TVs and prices. 4K COMPATIBLE MRD6000Z 43in: £229 MRD6000Z 50in: £279 MRD6000Z 55in: £329 MRD6000Z 65in: £449 HD ONLY MTD6000Z 32in: £159 MTD6000Z 40in: £199