The Northern Irish actor is currently playing DI Carol Farman in ITV’s latest crime show drama Ridley. Although speaking to Express.co.uk, along with other publications, Bronagh Waugh admitted she wasn’t getting much sleep when shooting the series. Working alongside Adrian Dunbar, who stars as Alex Ridley in the show, Bronaugh stated although they’re both from the same place they hadn’t met before. She said: “It’s funny because in Northern Ireland normally everybody does know each other! “So it was odd because we didn’t actually know each other.” The actress mentioned how on set the former Line of Duty star helped her in her first role as a detective.  Working alongside Adrian Dunbar, who stars as Alex Ridley in the show, Bronaugh stated although they’re both from the same place they hadn’t met before.  She said: “It’s funny because in Northern Ireland normally everybody does know each other!  “So it was odd because we didn’t actually know each other.”  The actress mentioned how on set the former Line of Duty star helped her in her first role as a detective.  She explained Adrian guided her on-set as she needed help due to having a new baby during the time they were filming. Speaking about her co-star, Bronagh said: “He just very calmly steered the ship and made me feel like I could do it. “I think I needed that, I needed someone to be like, ‘You can do it’ Because I had sleepless nights and was pumping in minus five degrees!” The actress added she’s very fond of her co-star and they are now both great friends.    Elsewhere in the discussion, Bronagh touched on how she had seen Adrian perform onstage in theatre productions in Northern Ireland when she was younger. The Ridley star admitted when the opportunity came up for her to work with him, she found it really exciting. Complimenting the 64-year-old, she added: “Adrian has been nothing but a mentor to me.” The first instalment of the new ITV crime show aired last week with viewers watching the ex-Detective Inspector Alex Ridley come out of retirement.    The former DI decides to help his former protegee DI Carol Farman, played by Bronagh, on a murder case. Although in true ITV drama style, the investigation took a dark and unexpected twist, resulting in people finding out more about Ridley’s past. Both Bronagh and Adrian appeared on The One Show last week to speak about the series with hosts Emma Willis and Jermaine Jenas. Emma asked Adrian how he thinks the role of Ridley differs from his well-known character Ted Hastings in Line of Duty.    Adrian explained: “You find this man at a very difficult point in his life, I mean he’s lost his wife and daughter in a very horrendous house fire. “He’s isolated and quite depressed and a colleague shows up and tells him about a case that's come to light again, some new evidence has come and kind of warns him off it. “But of course, that’s the one thing that’s going to get him interested.” Ridley airs on ITV on Sunday at 8pm.  