Sally Nugent has paid tribute to her BBC Breakfast colleague Bill Turnbull, following his death at 66. The death of the BBC legend was sadly confirmed by his family yesterday and Sally praised the broadcaster for his "priorities" in an emotional tweet. In view of her 149,000 followers, Sally told how Bill's family were in her thoughts. She wrote: "We all loved him. "And I know he loved his work. "But Sesi and the kids always came first," she explained. READ MORE: Ashley Roberts, 40, showcases sculpted body in tiny purple bikini Sally went on: "Thinking of them today. "Rest easy Bill x," she ended the post. The newsreader was responding to a post from the BBC Breakfast account. They wrote: "Former BBC Breakfast presenter Bill Turnbull has died. He was 66. "He was loved by our viewers. He was loved by his colleagues. "Bill will always be remembered for his warmth, humour and being a brilliant journalist," they added. The presenter was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2017 - forcing him to temporarily step down from Classic FM radio show. Bill's family released a candid statement following his cancer diagnosis as they confirmed he died on August 31. DON'T MISS... Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role [INSIGHT]Lennox Lewis' bruising row with Anthony Joshua over support [ANALYSIS]Jeremy Clarkson breaks silence on Grand Tour co-star James May’s crash [UPDATE] A statement from his family said: "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31st August. "Bill was diagnosed in 2017 and has had outstanding medical care from the Royal Marsden and Ipswich Hospitals, St Elizabeth Hospice and his GP. He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck. It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease. "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes on BBC Breakfast and Classic FM. "He was also a devoted Wycombe Wanderers fan and an ever-aspiring beekeeper. Bill was a wonderful husband and father to his three children; his family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him." Bill had vowed to fight his cancer and vowed last month: "I'm not going to let it win". The news of the veteran broadcaster's death was announced live on air by hosts Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt. Charlie read out a statement from Bill’s family as Naga added: “Of course all of us here sending love and support to Bill’s family, to his wife.