The Danish royal turned her Australian designer Collette Dinnigan red lace gown into a midi dress, making it a perfect outfit for the daytime. The royal paired the longline dress with silver accessories including a clutch and eye-catching Mary Jane heels.  She accessorised the Collette Dinnigan dress with her Dulong Kharisma earrings, a favourite pair of hers. According to reports, the move is a part of her goal to practice sustainbility. Each year, the Carlsberg Foundation honours two of Denmark’s leading scholars with a research prize with the presentation done by Mary. Ice core researcher and physicist Dorthe Dahl-Jensen and semiotician and historian of ideas Frederik Stjernfelt were awarded the prizes this year.  Their research has provided new insights into the climate of the past and the history of freedom of expression. They were awarded one million kroner (£87,000) with some of the money designated for personal use and the rest for research activities. This is not the first time that the Crown Princess has transformed her dress. She had also removed the sheer red cape worn over the top of the gown on its first, and until now, only public outing in 2013.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's US success branded a 'nightmare' for Kate and William This year in June, Crown Princess Mary and Crown Prince Frederik visited the Netherlands and attended a Danish-Dutch trade dinner with King Willem-Alexander and Queen Maxima. Mary wore her black Temperley frock that used to be a floor-length gown before she had it shortened to a midi-style, paired with yellow Manolo Blahnik heels. Mary's longtime designer, dressmaker and tailor, Jesper Høvring told 9Honey her commitment to the environment was "very important". "It's very important that the things we do have to last for many, many years," Høvring told 9Honey from his boutique in Frederiksberg, in February.  DON'T MISS:Russian banks lose £21bn following sanctionsStarmer favourite for PM over Tory candidates'Makes you sick' GP record pay rise slammed by host He said: “Of course sometimes you have to take them out, take them in, or take them up, and that is what we really love to do because then we see the dresses again. It's quite fun to have them in again, and altered. “For this environment right now, we cannot keep making new clothes. We need to alter the old ones.” 