Roger Federer isn't ready for Serena Williams to completely walk away from tennis, begging the sporting icon to "please return". Williams announced last month that she would be bringing her illustrious career to an end at the US Open. Each match at Flushing Meadows attracted worldwide attention and she rolled back the years with two impressive victories over Danka Kovinic and No 2 seed Anett Kontaveit. And she threatened another memorable comeback on Friday night against Ajla Tomljanovic, only to fall short in the third and decisive set. The tears flowed all around Arthur Ashe Stadium as Williams bid her farewell with many sporting greats paying tribute to the iconic tennis superstar. Federer, who hasn't played on the ATP Tour since Wimbledon last year, is arguably the biggest star in the men's game and has shared the stage with Williams over the past few decades. The pair have a strong friendship on and off the court and, speaking before the match on Friday night, Federer posted a video on social media paying his own tribute to Williams. And the Swiss tennis maestro pleaded with Williams to "please return" to tennis in some capacity.  "I wanted to congratulate you for a most incredible career," 20-time grand slam champion Federer said. "You know what you've achieved. I know what you've done. You know what it is, it just beyond incredible. "I know it's probably with mixed feelings you're leaving this wonderful sport that has given you everything and more. I wish you all the best with your family. I think back at '99 at the US Open when you played Martina Hingis, I stayed up late to watch you battle it out as that was the beginning to your incredible career that you've had ever since. "I think the future is going to be wonderful for you. I'm sure it is. Please return to tennis. The tennis community and family will always welcome you with open arms and always be happy to see you again, so please return.  "For now enjoy this moment, enjoy the US Open, enjoy everything that's coming this next couple of weeks even though it might be hard for you. But I'm thinking of you and all my respect. I wish you all the very best for your future. Take care Serena." Williams was given a standing ovation from the US Open crowd and struggled to speak as she gave a post-match interview on the court. “Oh my God! Thank you so much. You guys were amazing today. I tried. Ajla just played a little bit better. Thank you, Daddy. I know you're watching. Thanks, Mom. Oh, my God," she said. “Just I thank everyone that's here, that's been on my side for so many years, decades. Oh, my gosh, literally decades. "But it all started with my parents. And they deserve everything. So I'm really grateful for them. Oh, my God. These are happy tears, I guess. And I wouldn't be Serena if there wasn't Venus, so thank you, Venus. She's the only reason that Serena Williams ever existed."