Aries (Mar21/Apr20) There's one thing you should be careful about over the days ahead and that's being too lenient with a friend or loved one who is acting foolishly. Even if their antics make you secretly laugh or smile, you can't let them get away with the mistakes they are making. Taurus (Apr21/May21) It is time to trust your intuition. Notice the signs you have been getting lately and if you feel you should act on these, do so. If you're still uncertain and wonder whether you're seeing or sensing things that aren't there, ask for help from a friend or relative who may know more. Gemini (May22/June21) A senior colleague wants to discuss a recent misunderstanding or difficult occurrence. Don't think that they are against you because of their attitude. Some people have a naturally abrasive manner. Ride above real or imaginary slights and let others see how confident you are. Cancer (June22/July23) From little acorns, mighty oaks can grow. Not only is this a time to formulate plans but to plant these ideas, nurture them and watch them grow. Don't tell yourself you aren't good enough or that you could never achieve specific goals. Leo (July24/Aug23) Getting together with friends who are as close to you as the family will remind you of how special relationships can be. Allow all those wonderfully warm feelings you have for someone who has always been close to you to guide your thoughts and actions. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) Family activities or arrangements connected with children will be more expensive than anticipated. You had half-expected these expenditures to have risen but not as much as they have. Compared with the past, they have increased considerably.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You want to make better use of your time, talents and energy. You've been sitting on ideas and plans for some time. Why wait any longer to put them into action? Your enthusiasm and energy will be high so use this to your advantage. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A domestic item you thought was beyond your reach financially speaking could become available after all. Either the item will be reduced, or housemates will suggest pooling resources in order to afford this appliance. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) You're making headway in projects which up until now have been hampered by other peoples' inability to reach agreements. A distinct change in atmosphere will bring a greater chance of everyone reaching a compromise. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Before purchasing a big household item, insist on both shopping around and discussing ideas with someone whose opinion you value. No matter how impatient a housemate is to put in an order, you want to know you are making the right decision. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) It can feel as if the same problems repeat themselves over and over. What you may not have noticed until now is that you have become more resilient each time they come around. You deal with issues you struggled with in the past more easily and more efficiently now. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) There's a lot going on around you but that doesn't mean you want to get involved in everything. You have your heart set on reaching a special goal and you don't want to be distracted. You know you will have to work hard if you are to get results.