Lewis Hamilton has claimed comments he made about Red Bull 10 years ago were not meant in a “negative way”. The seven-time champion described the team as “just an energy drinks company” after Sebastian Vettel wrapped up his first title with the team in 2010. However, Hamilton has now u-turned on the comment, suggesting he didn’t mean to cause offence. The Mercedes star said his remarks were more just shock at how the independent team had managed to win as big manufacturers were more likely to get to the top. Red Bull dominated the sport between 2010 and 2013 with Vettel securing four consecutive F1 crowns. This gave way to a period of Mercedes dominance but Red Bull now look back to their best. The team are closing in on their second Drivers’ Championship in as many years with leading driver Max Verstappen over 90 points ahead of nearest rival Sergio Perez. The Dutchman's skills behind the wheel have been the catalyst for Red Bull’s success with none of his teammates coming close to challenging for the world title. Hamilton even admitted Verstappen and his squad “proved everyone wrong” since their arrival in the sport. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'sends message' to Toto Wolff over Red Bull weapon He said: “Anything I would have said in the past about the team, I didn’t mean it in a negative way. Years ago I said something negative about them being a drinks company and it was really just highlighting that you would bet on a car manufacturer more. “But they’ve proved me and everyone wrong and they’ve done a great job. It's knowing Adrian did his thesis on ground-effect cars when he was at university, so it’s no surprise what he has done and created this year. It’s impressive. “But I believe in the young guns in our team that will catch up.” DON'T MISSMercedes reveal reason Lewis Hamilton is quicker than Charles Leclerc [ANALYSIS]Wolff hints at 'learnings' Hamilton can use to advantage at Zandvoort [COMMENT]Mercedes reveal true extent of Lewis Hamilton crash and provide update [INSIGHT] Hamilton praised Red Bull technical director Adrian Newey ahead of the Dutch Grand Prix, claiming it was “no surprise” the team were doing well with him at the helm. He added: “You’ve got to take your hat off to Red Bull they've done a phenomenal job. They had a great car last year as well. If you look at Adrian Newey he doesn't generally build bad cars. “He’s built amazing cars over the years. My championship-winning car was an evolution of his car. He did his thesis on ground-effect floors, I mean it's no surprise to be honest.” Sky Sports host Rachel Brooks suggested Hamilton may be sending a message to Mercedes boss Toto Wolff to secure the services of Newey. She added: “Is that a 'Toto go and get Adrian'?"