World No 2 Anett Kontaveit walked out of her press conference in tears after Serena Williams dumped her out of the US Open on Wednesday night. Kontaveit couldn't overcome the challenge of facing Williams in front of her passionate home fans in New York, even being booed on occasions during their clash. The pressure was on the Estonian to perform. She arrived at Flushing Meadows with the choice of two evils on her mind - beating a tennis legend at her farewell tournament, which just so happens to be on home turf, or suffering a shock defeat to a 40-year-old who has played part-time this season. The latter came to fruition, with Kontaveit dropping out of the US Open second round with a 6(4)-7, 6-2, 2-6 defeat at the Arthur Ashe Stadium. And the crowd undoubtedly played their part, showcasing incredibly one-sided support and, at one stage, aiming boos at Williams' opponent after she saved a break point on her own serve. During her post-match press conference, Kontaveit explained that she understood the night was about the six-time US Open champion. She also indicated she was aware that the crowd's reaction was not aimed maliciously toward her but instead was simply in support of their home nation's legend. JUST IN: Serena Williams credits Tiger Woods for US Open swansong  "It was her moment. I mean, I was trying to do my own thing. Yeah, I mean, of course, this is totally about her. I was very aware of that," Kontaveit said. "I think they were not rooting, like, against me. They just wanted Serena Williams to win so bad. So, I mean, I don't think it's a personal attack against me or anything. I mean, it's fair. I mean, she deserves this." A journalist then thanked her for playing one of the greatest tennis matches in Estonia's history and was told that she couldn't be ashamed of losing to a competitor of Williams' ilk, regardless of her current status in the sport. And the 26-year-old, teary-eyed, could only muster part of a response before deciding to walk out on the reporters. She said: "I definitely had no shame losing to Serena. It was very difficult with the crowd..." READ MORE: Venus dodges retirement question hours after Serena 'vague' on future  Williams will face Australian Ajla Tomljanovic in the third round after progressing past Danka Kovinic and Kontaveit. Before emotionally leaving midway through her press conference, the latter backed Williams to have a chance to lift her seventh US Open crown. She added: "I think [Serena Williams] played very well, very well today. I mean, I know there are also a lot of very strong girls there in the draw. But, I mean, I think if she plays really good tennis, I think she always has a chance to win."