In a frank interview, the former host of The Generation Game and Big Break revealed he feared his own arrest would end his career. He said: “There were times where I thought it’s a dead end ahead.” Davidson, 68, was one of 12 celebrities investigated as part of Operation Yewtree, set up in 2012 in the wake of the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal. He faced 11 allegations of sexual assault, which he vigorously denied and was not charged. In an exclusive interview for a documentary – Yewtree 10 Years On: My Story – the Londoner described the period as “the darkest in my life”. He added: “The QC said if I was charged it would be 18 months before it got to court – 18 months with no money. So I was worried where the money would come from and how it would affect my marriage.” The comedian was arrested in January 2013 and banned from the funeral of his friend Baroness Thatcher the following April. He tells journalist Victoria Nash on the Ustreme streaming channel: “One day, I thought **** it, there’s no positive outcome to any of this, they’ve made their minds up.” Jim, known for his “Nick nick” catchphrase, recalls a conversation with fellow funnyman Freddie Starr around this time. "He said to me, 'I’ve been accused of fiddling with a girl in the back of a Transit van outside the Cavern Club in 1968. I told them they were mad because Transits didn’t come out until 1971.'" “They kept him in a cell and got a psych in to make sure he didn’t kill himself." “He didn’t need to kill himself. The police killed Freddie Starr. The police and the media killed our greatest entertainer. Freddie would be alive now if it wasn’t for this." “He wanted it to be clear, without any doubt, that he wasn’t involved in any of that. And I don’t think he was. Nobody who knew Freddie thinks he was." “The lady apparently said that in the dressing room of a show called Clunk Click – which was a Jimmy Savile show and Freddie was a guest – that Freddie smelt of alcohol. Freddie never had alcohol in his life." “So they went back to her and she changed the story to say he smelt of cheap aftershave. He’s gone now and there’s this stain hanging over him.” The Crown Prosecution Service decided not to bring charges againstm Starr, real name Frederick Fowell, in May 2014 on the grounds of insufficient evidence. He then lost a libel action against his accuser, emigrated to Spain, dying broke and alone in his Marbella home in 2019. Operation Yewtree saw BBC presenter Stuart Hall convicted of 15 counts of indecent assault and ITV weatherman Fred Talbot found guilty of sexually assaulting two boys. But many celebrities who came under suspicion – including Sir Cliff Richard and DJ Paul Gambaccini – were eventually exonerated and not even charged, after lengthy investigations which blighted their lives. Sir Cliff was not even arrested. Davidson set about rebuilding his career, winning Celebrity Big Brother a year after his arrest. “It made me think the majority of the public were on my side,” he says. But as a consequence of his experiences the star no longer poses for pictures with women he does not know.