Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be visiting London and Manchester next week and their schedule is packed with engagements. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed last month: "Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September."  Meghan and Harry will start their European trip in Manchester to attend the One Young World Summit on September 5. The summit will bring together young leaders from more than 190 countries, and Meghan is a counsellor for the initiative. The Duchess of Sussex is also expected to deliver the keynote address at the summit's opening ceremony. The couple will also be meeting with a group of summit delegates "doing outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said.  READ MORE: Prince George's godfather owns half of Mayfair - worth whopping £9bn After the summit on Monday, Harry and Meghan will head to Dusseldorf to attend an event close to the Duke's heart. The Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event is being held in anticipation of the sixth edition of the Invictus Games next year. The Sussexes recently made a high-profile visit to the Netherlands for the latest Invictus Games event that was held in The Hague.  No engagements have been announced for the Sussexes on Wednesday, September 7, but on Thursday the Sussexes will be back in the UK. The WellChild Awards are being held in London on this date and both Harry and Meghan are expected to attend. Harry has long been involved in the charitable organisation and he will give a speech at the event as he did in 2019, shortly after he became a parent to his son Archie.   While holding back tears, the Duke said: "Last year, when my wife and I attended, we knew we were expecting our first child - no one else did at the time, but we did - and I remember… "I remember squeezing Meghan's hand so tight during the awards, both of us thinking what it would be like to be parents one day. "And more so, what it would be like to do everything we could to protect and help our child should they be born with immediate challenges or become unwell over time. "And now, as parents, being here and speaking to all of you pulls at my heartstrings in a way I could have never understood until I had a child of my own."  DON'T MISS: Prince Charles welcomed Meghan with love, says ANGELA EPSTEIN [COMMENT]Timeline of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK visits since Megxit [INSIGHT]Cambridges tipped to play 'royal hide and seek' during Sussexes' visit [ANALYSIS] The Queen is currently in residence at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, and it is not clear whether Harry and Meghan have planned a trip to Aberdeenshire into their busy schedule. The Queen is not expected to return to Buckingham Palace next week to appoint the next prime minister, so the Sussexes are unlikely to cross paths with the Queen in the capital. Royal expert Phil Dampier told the MailOnline he would be "very surprised" if Harry and Meghan did visit the Queen at her Scottish hideaway as they have a "tight schedule". 