You will note I said western world as the chances of finding Extinction Rebellion in China where there are real and urgent issues to protest about are zero. At lunchtime on Friday a group of protestors managed to get through security in the Palace of Westminster and glue themselves to the Speaker’s chair inside the House of Commons. As well as that they unveiled a number of banners inside and outside the Palace. The obvious first question is how did they breach what I know from personal experience is quite stringent security? Had they help from inside the estate? Yet another security review will now be conducted using up yet more police resources. These people have broken into the mother of parliaments to say that our democracy, which is held up as the gold standard across the world, is not good enough and we need a so-called citizen’s assembly. Essentially, they want to overthrow the democratic representative system. I have a suggestion why don’t these people put themselves up for election and let’s see how many votes they will get? I can confidently predict the answer is not very many as I have seen their sort all too often. Their new slogan is “Let the People decide”. What do these people think happens at elections? Who do they think does the voting? Aliens? Honestly, you couldn’t make it up. Just this week back in the real world, the British Chambers of Commerce have said they expect the UK economy to plunge into recession by the end of the year with inflation spiking to 14 percent and all the while real people are struggling to pay their energy and food bills. Ordinary voters certainly don’t have the luxury of catching a train to London to protest outside the House of Commons because they are either saving their cash for the oncoming cost of living crisis or they are in a job earning a day's pay. The protestors are in great company however when it comes to calling for a Citizen’s Assembly. The argument goes that a citizen’s assembly is a more participative form of democracy engaging individuals directly but actually it is about bypassing the mainstream democracy and putting a minority view to the fore instead. It is a very dangerous road to go down and will leave the silent majority entirely disenfranchised by those who shout the loudest or glue themselves to various national treasures. I do hope that these people are arrested and charged with the appropriate offences of criminal damage and that they then receive a criminal record because they are criminals, intent on imposing their will on the rest of us. Meanwhile, I trust that the new Prime Minister will look for solutions to the energy crisis which are rooted in reality and not some fairytale la la land. For years Governments of different types have not paid enough attention to energy security and instead focused solely on renewables and getting to net zero as quickly as possible. As a result, we the consumers will pay enormous amounts of money for our energy and Government has sacrificed our security of supply at a time when Russia is able to use its energy supply as a weapon of war. We should of course want to move to a greener cleaner future, but the transition pathway needs to be realistic and not leave our own citizens paying huge energy bills and risking blackouts. You cannot just move overnight. We also need to be much bolder in our policy choices. I was delighted that the Prime Minister in his final announcement of his premiership pledged huge funding for Sizewell C nuclear power plant. This country had shunned nuclear power for 30 years and during that time our nearest neighbour France has built 4 new nuclear power stations. We must also embrace hydrogen as a fuel source and it is fabulous to read that the Port of Immingham is set to host the first large-scale green hydrogen production facility creating 1,400 new jobs. Shale gas must also be safely explored with all of the appropriate safeguards – just because it is different and challenging is not a reason not to pursue it. We must learn from the mistakes of the past and plan for the long-term in energy and infrastructure – at least going ahead with Sizewell C is a start. The Extinction Rebellion protestors should not be given disproportionate attention by the Government now or in the future. The mistake thus far is that some in Parliament have already given them too much credibility and hence we are where we are. Over to you Prime Minister.