Attendance Allowance is paid to millions of pensioners aged state pension age and above to help them pay for additional support. It could be worth £369 a month yet it is the most underclaimed UK benefit with 3.4million people missing out, figures from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) show. In total, 56 conditions usually mean someone of state pension age qualifies for Attendance Allowance. Some £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year in the UK and a huge part of this is due to pensioners not claiming Attendance Allowance. In fact, pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out on benefits from the DWP, according to Age UK. Ironically, they are also one of the groups most likely to be struggling with rising prices caused by soaring inflation. One of the reasons is that they may not be aware their health condition means they qualify for this additional Government support and they don’t need to have a full time carer. READ MORE: NHS prescriptions could hit £13 by 2035 including for over 60s How much is Attendance Allowance? DON'T MISSUniversal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Online bank threat as families lose ‘mind-boggling sums’ [WARNING]Barclays issues urgent warning as scam could land you in prison [ALERT]PIP claim: Man receives £9,000 from DWP for mental health disorder [INSIGHT] While applicants don’t need to have a full-time carer, they will need to show they need help with washing, moving around or taking medication. They will need to demonstrate they have struggled for at least six months with certain tasks unless they are seriously ill. Applicants don’t need a carer, however, as the money can be spent on bills or other things. People can ask Age UK for help with a claim for DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance. READ MORE: 'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises Some pensioners say the process for claiming DWP benefits like Attendance Allowance is over complicated and puts them off applying. Experts advise that when filling out the form, claimants should remember to clearly write about the help they need and don't. They shouldn/t expect the person making the decision to know about their condition. Another simple tip is to explain if certain tasks take longer and to not be afraid to repeat information if it’s relevant. The 56 conditions that qualify for Attendance Allowance are: