Nick Kyrgios has explained how his run to the Wimbledon final has helped him become more “professional” after advancing to the third round of the US Open. The Aussie admitted he was surprised at the change in his behaviour but some were quick to notice the contrast between his comments and his actions during his win over Benjamin Bonzi, in which he spat towards his box and received a warning for swearing. Kyrgios is through to the last 32 of the US Open for the fifth time in his career thanks to a 7-6(3) 6-4 4-6 6-4 win over the world No 50. There were moments of controversy in the match as the 23rd seed claimed someone was smoking “marijuana” in the stands and he received an unsportsmanlike conduct warning when he spat and swore at his box. Despite his antics, the Aussie is enjoying the best season of his career after winning the Australian Open doubles with Thanasi Kokkinakis and reaching a maiden Grand Slam singles final at Wimbledon, and explained how his run at SW19 helped him become more “professional”. “This year’s been amazing in so many different ways. For my tennis, I kind of wanted to almost reinvent myself, get back to the top of the game where I know I belong,” he said. “The Wimbledon final was a turning point I think for me mentally. IIf I won that match, I don’t know where my motivation would have been at. Losing it and being so close, it was really tough for me to kind of swallow that.” The 27-year-old doubled-down on comments he made during his on-court interview after the Bonzi match, as he admitted he had new, high expectations of himself. JUST IN: Ukraine's Kostyuk refuses Azarenka handshake after slamming Belarusian “Winning Washington, winning so many matches, I just feel like I thought the pressure would be off me after winning Wimbledon. ‘He’s a Wimbledon finalist, he’s nearly over the hump’-type thing,” he continued. “For me, personally, I didn’t think I’d be putting this amount of pressure on myself. Every day I come in, I watch what I eat, I try and get sleep. Like every practice session I try and have good intent.” Kyrgios also confessed that he had surprised even himself with his new attitude after expecting his Wimbledon final defeat to have the opposite effect, but some were quick to point out his behaviour against Bonzi. “I feel like I’m really professional right now,” he added. “I never thought that the Wimbledon final would make me that way. I thought it would be the other way, the reverse, almost a bit lax and a bit chilled with it.” Some hit out at the world No 25 for his comments, with one Twitter user writing: “he said this after spitting and screaming profanities at his box?” DON'T MISSJohn McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talksWilliams 'one of the favourites' to win historic 24th major at US OpenSerena Williams' opponent breaks down in tears and walks out on press  Another added: “He spat repeatedly and screamed at his box. Is this what he calls professional?” It comes after Kyrgios launched a tirade at his team when he was broken to go 4-5 down in the third set, spitting in their direction as he walked to his bench. “Go home if you're not going to f****** support me bro,” he then shouted to his team, receiving a warning for unsportsmanlike conduct. But the Aussie carried on, adding: “It’s a f***** joke. You’re not a f****** spectator, you’re not a spectator.” The recent Wimbldon finalist managed to compose himself in the fourth set after going down a break early on, and saved three break points at 4-4 0-40 before closing out the win a game later. He will be back in action at Louis Armstrong Stadium again on Friday.    