Rick and Morty is an Adult Swim original and the adult animation series is back with brand new episodes this weekend. The sci-fi comedy will see Justin Roiland voice the titular duo as they deal with last season's fallout. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how to watch the new episodes. The series is returning on September 4 and the first episode is titled Solaricks, in which Rick and Morty are stranded in space. While they are floating in the remnants of the citadel, the rest of the Smith family are trying to rebuild bridges from the season five finale. The upcoming season forms part of a long-term deal which ordered 70 new episodes across a number of seasons. Fans have had to wait a year for new episodes to air, and the anticipation is almost over. READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode Thankfully, both fans in the US and the UK will be able to watch the new season at the same time. The first episode will premiere on September 4, at 11pm Eastern Time, exclusively on Adult Swim in the US. During season five, episodes were released on HBO Max and Hulu the day after they aired on Adult Swim. However, this has not been confirmed for season six ahead of the season's release. Adult Swim is available to watch with any Hulu plan starting at $6.99 per month. There is a free trial for new subscribers, so signing up does come with some benefits. As for fans watching in the UK, they will have to wait to watch the first episodes, albeit not for very long. The season six premiere will air on E4 on Monday, so the following day from the US release. The episodes will air at 4am on Monday morning, so die-hard fans can watch it within hours of airing in the US. DON'T MISS... Where is Only Fools and Horses Damien Trotter star now? [EXPLAINER]Rick and Morty season 6 episode 1 release time: What time is it out? [INSIGHT] MultiVersus Rick and Morty release date: New characters out tomorrow [EXPLAINER] If viewers are unable to access E4, they can watch the episodes via the streaming service, All4. In the UK, the previous seasons have been released on Netflix, but this will no longer happen for future seasons. The series was removed from the streaming platform in August 2022. The trailer for the upcoming season has been released and it shows Rick asking his ship to play a soundtrack as he prepares to "kick a**".   His grandson asks him if his family is about to die, but Rick reassures Morty they are just going to vanish from the current reality. While an alien army attacks the rest of humanity, Rick warns his family to "do a Die Hard" in order to remain out of harm's way. Fans are then treated to an action-packed montage of the family taking down the aliens one at a time. Rick showcases some impressive tricks as he attempts to single-handedly save the world. Rick and Morty airs on Sundays on Adult Swim and Mondays on E4.