Arsenal may already have their first bit of January transfer business lined up with long-standing target Danilo likely to be available in winter. Mikel Arteta has reportedly held an interest in the Palmeiras central midfielder for some time however are unlikely to make a move before the window shuts at 11pm today. The Brazilian would give the Gunners greater depth in defensive midfield and at just 21 years old he would be a player who could become a first-team mainstay for the next decade. Despite his age, he comes with a good depth of experience having already played 128 professional games. Reports suggest that Palmeiras are reluctant to let the player go this summer, with the club insisting any potential suitors meet his release clause of around £86million. This is likely to deter Arsenal for the time being with the north London side believed to be hoping to sign the player for a fee closer to £20m. However, the Gunners’ may be best placed waiting until winter to make the move according to Telegraph writer Sam Dean. He reports that Palmeiras are not willing to let the player go this summer but would be much more amenable in January when he could be available. READ MORE: Liverpool offer for Caicedo to be laughed off after Potter comment Much of the reasoning for this stems from the different way the Brazilian football league system works. The season runs from April to November rather than August to May structure present in European football. Palmeiras are currently seven points clear at the top of the Brazilian first division and are hence reluctant to lose a key player at such an important time. While the Gunners may have half an eye on January already, they still want to complete more business in the current window. They are believed to have a strong interest in Ukrainian winger Mykhaylo Mudryk while Arteta could also look to bolster his midfield following injuries to Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny. DON'T MISS...Scott Parker brutally sacked by Bournemouth after 9-0 Liverpool lossAntony could renew bitter feud with Liverpool star at Man UtdLiverpool team news: Predicted XI vs Newcastle with two changes It is the Ukraine international that appears to be at the centre of the club’s attention at this moment in time and the 21-year-old has been linked with a move to the Premier League before. Both Brentford and Everton were believed to hold an interest in the player with a move to the Bees believed to be particularly close, before it fell through with the player keen to stay at Shakhtar. It remains to be seen what business Arsenal will conduct between now and the window closing at 11pm today. However the Emirates faithful will take heart from the fact the club are planning for the present day and the future.