In footage released on social media, a Russian BMP-2 infantry fighting vehicle in the vicinity of Izium, Kharkiv Oblast, is seen speeding along a dirt track as Ukrainian missiles chase it down. The tank tries desperately to hide beneath some shrubbery, almost toppling over as it crashes into a building in its attempt to find safety, before a barrage of missiles falls on the site. Ukrainian artillery fire blows up areas on either side of the tank before a suspected direct hit destroys it. As the reality of the situation dawns on the Russian soldiers, they are filmed fleeing the scene, frantically running up a dirt path away from the bomb site.    Earlier this month, Ukrainian troops were reportedly preparing to move towards the city of Izium, in the north east of Ukraine. Ukrainian presidential adviser Oleksey Erestovich said in a video address posted to YouTube that forces were “advancing very successfully” in the north east regions. And Ukraine claimed to have recaptured the Russian-occupied village of Dovhenke on its route to Izium, which is roughly 26 kilometres further north. Mr Erestovich said: “The situation is very interesting. The Ukrainian army is advancing very successfully. Attempts by Russia to regain the lost ground were not successful. Ukraine may encircle them.”    The city of Izium, located around 75 miles south of Kharkiv, was one of the first regions to be taken over by Russian forces. Chief spokesman for the Russian defence ministry Major General Igor Konashenkov said that forces took Izium on March 24. He said: “By the morning of March 24, units of the Russian army had completely taken control of the city of Izyum in the Kharkov region.” But Russia has of late been struggling to retain territory as they suffer a stretching of forces from the northeast down to the southern city of Kherson on the Dnipro river. READ MORE: Vladimir Putin dealt hammer blow as sanctions hit Russia war chest [REPORT]   Meanwhile, elsewhere on the Dnipro, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency on Thursday visited the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant in Ukraine and said experts would maintain a continued presence at the facility. Rafael Grossi, who visited the plant for several hours, also said he would continue to worry until the situation at Zaporizhzhia had stabilised. Both Russia and Ukraine say they fear a possible radiation disaster as a result of shelling that the two sides blame on each other. “We are not going anywhere. The IAEA is now there, it is at the plant and it is not moving - it's going to stay there,” Mr Grossi said. “We're going to have a continued presence there at the plant with some of my experts.” DON'T MISS: Russia and China vs NATO: Military might compared [INSIGHT] Putin reels as Ukraine bids to surround 20,000 Russian troops [REVEAL] Nowhere to hide: Putin nightmare as Ukraine to deploy micro-drones [REPORT]   Those experts, he said, would provide what he called an impartial neutral technically sound assessment of what was happening on the ground. “I worried, I worry and I will continue to be worried about the plant until we have a situation which is more stable, which is more predictable,” he said. The nuclear power plant at Zaporizhzhia is another territory that was quickly captured by Russia following their invasion on February 24. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has recently warned that a radiation disaster at the plant is a constant threat. READ NEXT: Europe faces nuclear meltdown: Power plant bombs spark emergencyPutin's war set for new front as Ukraine targets Crimea basesZelensky's border guards destroy ammo base and take out Russians Putin’s military crisis — Ukraine forces move to ‘strangle and weaken'Alcohol swigging Russian soldier KILLS two FSB officers  