New research from Forbes Advisor ranked UK destinations based on the cost of eating out, the price of an Airbnb and transport costs. It also looked at the number of attractions for people to see in autumn. READ MORE: Fuming man rages as he loses plane seat to mother and baby Oxford was named as the best staycation destination in the UK with a three course meal for two people costing £50 at an average restaurant. The average cost of a bottle of beer in the city is pretty pricey at five pounds but the city has a huge range of attractions. One of the top rated attractions on Tripadvisor is Christ Church Meadow, a beautiful park by the river. A visitor wrote: “Beautiful walk. One of the nicest walks I have been on. Beautiful setting along the Thames river.” The Oxford University Museum of Natural History is also highly rated with one visitor saying: “Love it, well worth a visit.” York was the second best ranked staycation in Britain. The northern city isn’t the cheapest spot but has some incredible attractions. Visitors can explore the city’s historic walls and visit the city’s landmark, York Minster, one of the largest of its kind in northern Europe. JORVIK Viking Centre is one of the city’s top attractions and is a great family day out with life size dioramas of Viking life. READ MORE: Britain’s most popular attraction named Laura Howard, personal finance expert at Forbes Advisor, said: “The continued prospect of flight and airport disruptions, lingering Covid testing requirements in some popular overseas destinations, and rising living costs are just some of the many good reasons why a short break within the UK might appeal this autumn. “And the good news is, our very own shores have so much to offer in terms of history, architecture, nature and scenery. “Our research ranks the top staycation hotspots based on costs of local accommodation, eating out and transport in and around the town or city, as well as the number of local attractions to visit once you are there. “As the weather turns, it’s good to know that a fun-filled and inspiring weekend staycation is within reach without weighing too heavily on your stress levels or bank balance. “Bear in mind travel insurance is still a good idea when travelling within the UK. It’s inexpensive and will provide cover for unforeseen events which mean you are forced to cancel the trip.” One of the cheapest staycations on the list was Aberdeen where the average price of an Airbnb was just £79. Brighton was the most expensive place to stay with the average cost of an Airbnb a whopping £173. The cheapest bottle of beer was in Guildford where the average price was just £3.25.