Chelsea are reportedly closing in on completing the deadline day signing of Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang after reaching a compromise on his contract length. Blues owner Todd Boehly has given in to the 33-year-old's demands and is now set to agree a part-swap deal with Barca. According to The Athletic, Chelsea are 'on the verge' of striking a deal with the La Liga giants to sign Aubameyang. Their latest offer is worth around £6.5million, with Marcos Alonso moving to the Nou Camp to sweeten the agreement. Chelsea were initially understood to have only been willing to offer Aubemayang a one-year contract at Stamford Bridge. However, the report adds that the west London club are working to offer the former Arsenal captain a two-year deal with the option of a further 12 months based on his percentage of performances in his second year. Aubameyang is said to be still in Barcelona as negotiations continue between Chelsea and the Catalan giants. Those talks are now considered to be edging closer to a conclusion ahead of Thursday's 11pm summer transfer deadline. JUST IN: Arsenal fans risk another Richard Keys rant as fireworks set off There were concerns over the deal earlier this week after reports emerged claiming Aubameyang had suffered a broken jaw while protecting his family during a home robbery in Barcelona on Sunday. It is likely to keep the Gabon international sidelined for several weeks, although surgery could make the healing process quicker. On Wednesday, Aubameyang took to social media to confirm the incident but played down the severity of his injury. He wrote: "Hey guys, thanks a lot for all the messages. On Sunday night, some violent cowards broke into our home and threatened my family and my children just to steal some stuff. READ MORE: Three players Tottenham could sign before 11pm transfer deadline "They injured my jaw, but I will recover in no time, and thank God no one else was physically harmed. The feeling that we are no longer safe in our own home is hard to understand and describe, but as a family, we will overcome this and stand stronger than ever. Thanks for all the support, it really means a lot to us." Aubameyang left the Premier League just seven months ago, joining Barcelona in the January transfer window and scoring 13 goals in 24 appearances under Xavi Hernandez. But with Robert Lewandowski now the Blaugrana's main man upfront, he's closing in on a return in a move that could rocket charge Chelsea's season. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here