Kate Middleton is heavily praised for following protocol as the Duchess of Cambridge and for rarely putting a foot wrong. But being a member of the Royal Family does come with a random set of rules. According to former royal chef Darren McGrady, members of the Royal Family are not allowed to eat potatoes. Mr McGrady worked at Buckingham Palace as a royal chef from 1982 to 1993, and he told The Telegraph: “No potatoes, rice or pasta for dinner.” According to the royal chef, the Queen is not a fan of carbohydrates, so they are never present at the dinner table for any members of the Royal Family, which would include the Duchess. Despite this, Kate has broken this rule occasionally, admitting that she made homemade pasta to celebrate Princess Charlotte's fifth birthday in 2020.  Kate posted a picture on her Instagram showing the homemade pasta that the Duchess had made with her daughter, who is clearly a fan of the delicious food. What other foods do royals steer clear from? Royal guidelines state the family should avoid risky foods in public. Shellfish could give the royals food poisoning, and therefore Kate would also be banned from consuming this.   Royal fans are also not allowed to touch the royals. Slinging a hand around the Duchess’ shoulder could land the person and Kate in trouble. Casual touches by strangers are a big taboo to senior members of the Royal Family. The Duchess also cannot go to bed before the Queen. Kate and her fellow royals must not go to bed before Her Majesty. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's US success branded a 'nightmare' for Kate and William  In his book ‘The Royals in Australia’, former private secretary to the Queen, Sir William Heseltine, said: “Nobody felt it right to go to bed before the Queen did. “For Diana the long royal evenings were agony. She’d excuse herself and go to bed, which was thought to be rather bad form.” Selfies are not allowed to be taken with any member of the Royal Family.  There are no selfies on Kate’s Instagram account which she shares with her husband, Prince William.  Royal commentator Victoria Arbiter told Insider: “Royals would always rather have a personal interaction than have people clamouring for selfies.” Kate is not supposed to sign autographs, for fear of her signature being forged. In addition, she must accept all gifts graciously. But the Queen decides which gifts should be kept and where they should be placed. 