Campaigners warn the UK risks becoming “Albania’s Alcatraz” if the number of criminals from the Balkan state keeps increasing at the current rate. Official figures show there were 180 Albanians behind bars in the UK in 2012 – but by last year, the number had soared almost nine-fold to more than 1,500. Ministers have been warned that if the figure continues to rise at this rate, they will outnumber the 5,000 offenders in Albanian jails within just four years. Four in 10 people who make the perilous Channel crossing in small boats or arrive in the backs of lorries are now from Albania. While some of them are fleeing poverty or persecution in their peaceful home country, there are mounting fears that criminal elements are hiding among economic migrants entering Britain illegally. Some 1,075 Albanians crossed the Channel in small boats organised by people-smuggling gangs over six weeks this summer. Gangs are reportedly buying huge inflatable boats from Chinese factories and asking producers to make them even bigger. At the end of 2021, Albanians made up the highest number of foreign nationals in prisons in England and Wales, accounting for nearly double the number of Poles. Ex-MEP Richard Tice said: “In July 2021, justice minister Chris Philp enthusiastically announced a new prisoner return scheme to Albania, suggesting British taxpayers might help pay for a new jail there. “Six months later, just 24 of the easiest targets had gone home. At the current rate of growth, within just four years, there will be more Albanians in UK prisons than Albanians in Albanian jails, where there are currently 5,000 inmates. “Instead of supporting Albania to build a new prison there, we might as well just build a special one for them here.”  Mr Tice added: “The UK is becoming Albania’s Alcatraz. For the Albanian government, all this works beautifully. Let undesirables make their way to the UK and they reduce their own crime problem.” Philip Davies, Tory MP for Shipley, W Yorks, said: “These figures are a kick in the teeth to Lefty do-gooders who think we should carry on taking all those arriving by dinghy. “Not only is it a huge cost to the taxpayer, it seems we are creating completely unnecessary victims of crime. The public are at the end of their tether [and] they want it sorted once and for all.” But Ahmet Erdi, senior lecturer for politics and international relations at London Metropolitan University, argued that many Albanians come to the UK legally. He said: “The UK is known to Albanians from school, where all the reading books are in English. “Most speak the language. Many are here on student or work visas, such as those in education and jobs like software engineering.” 