Lighting supplier UltraLEDs has researched which regions of the UK are paying the most for their energy. The group looked at ONS and UK Government data, and found that people in Merseyside and North Wales, and in the South West, pay the most for their energy, spending on average £116 a month. People in North Scotland pay £155 while residents of South Wales, the South East and London pay £114 a month for their energy. The full list of regions paying the most for their energy included: READ MORE: DWP: Universal Credit and other benefit claimants set to get cash boost at Christmas The vast majority of Britons (79 percent) said gas and electricity bills are the main reason their living costs have risen. Yet eight in 10 homeowners said they were not looking at improving their home’s energy efficiency. Just over a third said their home is efficient enough, while over a quarter said it would cost too much to install new energy efficiency measures. Tom Cain, technical engineer at Ultra LEDs, said: “With energy prices and the cost of living set to rise significantly again in October, many of us will be looking for ways we can save money and reduce our annual energy bills. READ MORE: Council tax explained: Who is eligible for a reduction on their bill - check now “One simple way to reduce annual spending through your energy bills is by switching to LED bulbs or LED strip Lighting around the home. “LEDs offer an energy-efficient, money-saving alternative to traditional lighting solutions, and the low-operating temperatures mean they have an increased life span, resulting in enhanced safety and long term cost savings.” He said they require a lot less electricity to run and are more sustainable compared to halogen or incandescent lighting. They typically run for 50,000 hours, which is 50 times more than a standard incandescent bulb. This can result in savings of £3 a year by switching to an LED bulb or LED strip lighting. Mr Cain said: “With this extended lifespan, the bulbs or LED strips won’t need to be replaced as quickly as traditional lighting, saving money in the long term.” Some respondents said they would not consider energy efficiency measures as they believed they would not be value for money. Others said they were put off as making the changes would be too time consuming.