Series seven welcomed back the beloved Douglas Henshall as Detective Inspector Jimmy Perez as he investigates a crime on Shetland for the last time. With many new faces being introduced, including American artist Lloyd Anderson (played by Patrick Robinson), viewers were left wondering why the BBC didn’t cast an actor from the States instead.  With the series in full swing, episode four of Shetland saw the DI issue a warrant for Connor’s arrest following the explosion last week. Trying to see if he has any extremist beliefs, the team speak to those who knew him to get a better sense of his character. This included speaking to his former American drawing tutor Lloyd who admits he doesn’t believe Connor is capable of that level of violence. However, after hearing the British actor speak, viewers were confused over the odd USA twang.   Taking to Twitter, KB Squared said: “LOVE Patrick Robinson's character, but as an American, I have to say that I wish they'd let him keep his own accent." “Patrick Robinson’s accent is very distracting. Surely the character doesn’t need to sound like he’s in a bad B-Western,” quipped Martin Gray. James Cunnington questioned: “Patrick Robinson with an American accent?! Why not just get an American actor?!” “I love Patrick Robinson but his American accent is Dick van Dyke-esque,” quipped Nick Dent.   Patrick is a familiar face to many UK viewers after his long-running role as DC Jacob Banks on The Bill and Ash in Casualty. Along with Patrick making an appearance in the BBC drama this series, viewers will also see Shauna MacDonald and Laurie Brett. Douglas had nothing but kind words to say about their appearance in the series along with all the other famous faces viewers have seen throughout the years. He told BBC: “One of the great good fortunes of Shetland is we’ve had so many great guests to come in over the years, and Shauna, Laurie and Patrick have done an amazing job in this new series.   “They join the list of great actors we’ve been lucky enough to have in the show over the years including Archie Panjabi, Ciaran Hinds and many, many more. “I don’t think there’s a lot of shows like ours. It isn’t big and shouty, it’s subtle and quite nuanced. “We’ve explored lots of things that TV shows don’t and I think all of those things are partly what kept our audience loyal to us. It’s wonderful.”   Earlier this year, the actor announced he will be stepping down as the lead role in the BBC show with series seven being his last. The decision comes after he believed his character's arc had come to a natural end. Douglas admitted although he felt sad to say goodbye to Perez, he was looking forward to "going out on a high" with another successful season. Shetland continues on Wednesday at 9pm on BBC One.  