Outlander season seven is currently in production and fans have been given a first proper look at Denzell and Rachel Hunter. The pair will make an appearance in the new series and have teased viewers about what the brother and sister will be like. In a video posted on the official Outlander Twitter account, Joey began: “Hi, I’m Joey Phillips, and I play Denzell Hunter.” “I’m Izzy Meikle-Small and I play Rachel Hunter,” his co-star added. “So we’re brother and sister. Denny’s my older brother, who is a doctor, and we’re both Quakers as well. “And we’re very close, aren’t we?” READ MORE: Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview Joey agreed: “Yeah really close,” before sharing details of his character. “Denzell has a real urged join the Continental Army and serve as a surgeon because he believes that liberty is a gift from God,” he explained. “And so that then starts their journey as Rachel comes with me. She’s a bit more conflicted though.” “She just has to go,” Izzy chipped in. “She’s like, ‘Well, I have to go with him ‘cause I have nowhere else to go.’” Giving more detail about the brother and sister, Izzy shared: “Quakers are very modest. “So you know, we’ve got the modest bonnet, we’ve got the fichu. “Women were very kind of covered up, but the Quakers were still allowed to be fashionable, as you can tell.” Commenting on his outfit, Joey said he “loved these arms” from his billowing shirt as it reminded him of Thackery Binx from Hocus Pocus. DON'T MISS...Outlander explained: Why did Grant O'Rourke leave Outlander [EXPLAINER]Outlander’s Claire Fraser star shares season 6 filming secret  [INSIGHT]Outlander explained: Why did Dougal try to marry Claire? [LATEST] Izzy explained she had been a fan of Outlander prior to landing the role of Rachel. “I think everybody’s heard of Outlander right?” she asked. “I mean, it’s such a famous, famous show. “You know, the fanbase is huge. Yeah I definitely had watched it but then binged season six when I knew I’d gotten the part.” Joey concluded: “I feel very honoured to be a part of this Outlander family now. “And so yeah, I did the same thing, binged season six and I’ve been starting reading the books as well, which are obviously amazing.” Fans were quick to comment on the video with Elizabeth Smith posting: “So excited to see the Hunters on the show! Love their storylines from the books. Welcome to Izzy and Joey. #RachelAndDenzell #Outlander.” “WELCOME!! We’re so exciting have you both aboard. You’re in for some exciting story lines!” Heughligans tweeted. Martina shared: “Cannot wait to see Hunter and Rachel come to life on screen. Great storyline for these two beloved characters. #Outlander #OutlanderSeason7 and beyond . Fingers crossed for #OutlanderSeason8.” Outlander seasons 1-6 is available to stream on Starz in the US and StarzPlay in the UK.