Chelsea will be determined to finish the summer transfer window on a high having encountered numerous setbacks in the market over the past few months. Thomas Tuchel has made no secret of his desire to add to his ranks before Thursday's fast-approaching deadline and there are a number of deals which the Blues could still complete. Speaking ahead of Chelsea's Premier League clash with Southampton on Tuesday - a match the west London club would go on to lose 2-1 - Tuchel said: “Right now I think we could need some more players in some positions. It’s very close to the end of the transfer window and when 1 September comes I will be a happy coach no matter what happens. I will try to find solutions and not think about what might have happened or what could be.” Despite missing out on a number of top targets, the Blues moved to sign a number of high-profile names this summer, including Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Marc Cururella and, most recently, Wesley Fofana. Having allowed Romelu Lukaku to rejoin Inter Milan on loan and Timo Werner to return to RB Leipzig on a permanent deal, Tuchel's priority remains adding to his attack before Thursday's deadline. With the Blues boss having only landed two of the three centre-backs he was aiming to recruit after losing both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen at the start of the summer, a defensive reinforcement also remains a requirement going into the final few hours of the window. With all that in mind, Express Sport take a closer look at who Chelsea could sign on what is set to be a frantic deadline day for the west London club. JUST IN: Arsenal 'working on Danilo transfer' as Arteta discovers Palmeiras' stance on £18m sale Chelsea have made no secret of the fact Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang remains their top attacking target having sought to sign the ex-Arsenal striker over the past few weeks. With a deal for Everton's Anthony Gordon now seemingly dead in the water, the Blues' need to capture the 33-year-old has only become more pressing. While Aubameyang is thought to be open to joining the Stamford Bridge side having spoken with his former Borussia Dortmund boss Tuchel, the Blues face a race against the clock to strike an agreement with Barcelona for the forward. The cash-strapped Catalan club are understood to have rejected Chelsea's latest offer thought to be around £13million plus Marcus Alonso in exchange for Aubameyang, but with the Spanish giants still needing to rebalance their books, the Blues will be hoping they lower the demands and agree to a late deal. Earlier in the summer, Tuchel made it his intention to add three new centre-backs to his squad having lost Rudiger and Christensen on free transfers to Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively. Koulibaly and Fofana have since been acquired, but Blues boss remains intent on adding a third. The most likely option appears to be RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol, with Chelsea understood to have opened talks with the Bundesliga club over a £77.4m deal to sign the Croatian. While there's every chance a deal will be concluded by 11pm on Thursday, it appears the Blues may have to wait until next summer for the 20-year-old to join as Leipzig are pushing to keep Gvardiol on loan for the rest of this season. DON'T MISS...Conor Gallagher's view on Crystal Palace move as Chelsea weigh up 'permanent bid'Chelsea reach agreement as Todd Boehly gets his wishNicolas Pepe made 'unusual' pledge before Arsenal loan exit Chelsea also appear keen to add to their midfield before the window shuts and are continuing to express an interest in striking a late deal for Frenkie de Jong. Barcelona have openly shown a desire to offload the Dutch midfielder this summer as they continue in their attempts to rebalance their books. While Manchester United having seemingly conceded defeat over the 25-year-old, it seems the Blues remain optimistic of landing midfield maestro. With Chelsea able to satisfy De Jong's craving for Champions League football this campaign and Barcelona likely to be tempted into raising some much-needed funds late on in the window, there's a good chance the Netherlands international could seal a move to Stamford Bridge on Thursday and finally see his future resolved. Having reportedly seen all hopes of landing Everton's Gordon before Thursday's deadline extinguished, Chelsea may look to act on their admiration for Crystal Palace talisman Wilfried Zaha. The Blues are thought to have revived their interest in the Eagles star over the past week and earmarked him as a potential alternative to Gordon. While it has been reported a late move for Zaha to Chelsea is 'unlikely', anything can happen on deadline day. With the Ivory Coast international having entered the final year of his contract and Thursday likely to present Palace with one of their final opportunities to cash in on their club icon, the Eagles may well be tempted by a late Blues' bid.