The convincing email features the bank’s red and white logo with the title "We’re changing the way you log on to Online Banking". Twitter user David Henningham (HenninghamDavid) shared a screenshot of the bogus email after it was sent to him.    He said: “Friends of Twitter, please don’t fall for this scam landing in your inbox. I don’t even have an account with Santander.” One person responded to his tweet to say they had received the fraudulent email three times. The fake email includes the message: “We’re making some changes to how you log on to Online Banking as a result of new regulation which affects the whole banking sector. “These changes are called Strong Customer Authentication, and they support how we check it’s you when you use Online Banking.” READ MORE: DWP: Universal Credit and other benefit claimants set to get cash boost at Christmas The message claims these changes are happening to make banking more secure for the customer. It says: “You already enter your security details to gain access to Online Banking, for example your Personal ID and Security Number, Registration Number or 5-digit PIN. “The new regulation asks us to add an additional check to confirm it’s you. You can do this one of the following ways: “By having our personal mobile banking app. When you log on to Online Banking you’ll be referred to the mobile app, which will simply ask you to use your fingerprint, face or Security Number as the additional check that it’s you. You can then continue to use Online Banking as you normally do.  “By using One Time Passcode (OTP). If you don’t have a smart phone, we’ll send an OTP to your mobile phone as the additional check that it’s you.” The email goes on to provide a link to “My details & settings”, where the person can confirm payments and check their settings, including making sure their mobile number is up to date. Another Twitter user said in reply to Mr Henningham’s warning: “I have so many of these things from all different banks.” Santander previously issued a scam warning after a couple in their 70s were scammed out of almost £1,000 through the "Hey Mum" WhatsApp scam. READ MORE: Council tax explained: Who is eligible for a reduction on their bill - check now This is where scammers send a message to a person pretending to be their child, asking for money. Chris Ainsley, head of fraud risk management at Santander UK, said there has been a rise in fake WhatsApp messages from fraudsters pretending to be people’s children. He said: “Someone just sends you a text message saying, 'Hi dad,' or 'Hi mum,' but then they just try to engineer the person into sending them a couple of thousand pounds in some cases." In a separate case, Santander customer Marinela Iacob told Express.co.uk about her experience losing more than £150,000 to investment scammers, with some of the payments coming from her Santander account. She said: “I was so eager to be able to afford to live a better life. In my silliness, I believed them. “Looking back, you do believe them because you have that wish, you’re so hoping that this is true.” A Santander spokesperson said: “Santander has the utmost sympathy for Mrs Iacob and all those who fall victim to the criminals who carry out these scams. "Unfortunately, as funds were transferred from Mrs Iacob’s Santander account to her own Coinbase account, which the customer had full control over, this does not fall under Contingent Reimbursement Model (CRM) rules. "We would strongly urge everyone to verify who they are investing with before making payments.”