Carol Kirkwood, Susanna Reid and Louise Minchin were among those who came together to pay tribute to Bill Turnbull after it was announced by his family on Thursday the broadcaster had died at the age of 66. BBC Breakfast weather reporter Carol opened up on her memories working with the talented journalist as she recalled a hilarious moment where she left Bill in fits of laughter. Carol began: “I loved working with Bill because he was so naughty, he had that little tinkle and sparkle in his eye and you didn’t always know what you were going to get. “Sometimes he’d deliver something so off the wall it would completely throw you but it would make you laugh because it was meant in good humour and with good spirit. “I remember one time I was in the Blue Peter garden and I was doing an experiment with measuring jugs. “He always called me Kirky and he said, ‘Kirky, are you going to do your experiment again in the programme?’” Read more: Charlie Stayt on why some BBC presenters never host together  “I said, ‘Yes I’ll have my jugs out in 15 minutes’ and his face was going bright red from trying not to laugh and then he just erupted and that was Billy,” she added. In archived footage, Bill can be seen teasing his weather reporter co-star. Introducing the weather, Bill remarked: “They did think of asking Carol to be the next Doctor Who but she said she’s too busy going to lovely places like Highgrove.” Carol laughed as she replied: “I think I could be his mum and as he’s a Time Lord that’s saying something.” The weather reporter admitted she was going to miss her friend and former colleague “terribly”. “He would tell really bad jokes, really bad jokes and some very naughty ones as well but that was part of his charm. “I love Billy, always will and just adored working with him. When I saw he was on in the morning my day was already complete before we’d even started and I'm going to miss him terribly. “What a loss, what an absolute loss,” the meteorologist added. DON'T MISSStrictly's Karen Hardy sobs over final text from Bill Turnbull [INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull encouraged BBC cameraman to go for cancer check [VIDEO]Bill Turnbull's Deborah James tribute after both battled cancer [INSIGHT] Bill’s family announced the BBC Breakfast’s death on Thursday. A statement from Bill’s wife Sarah McCombie read: “Our lovely Billy died yesterday evening almost five years after being diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer. “The last week of his life was very special, as the whole family was with him and we shared some wonderful moments. “Even though he was often in pain, Bill was dignified and brave throughout, and he was his usual determined self-right to the very end. “Billy made us laugh every day and we are immensely proud of him – he was the heart of our family. It’s hard to imagine life without him.” Bill revealed he had been diagnosed with cancer while taking part in The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up For Cancer five years ago. The broadcaster’s career spanned over four decades after beginning his working life at Radio Clyde. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.