Ofgem recently announced the energy price cap would rise to £3,549 from October, with experts saying that figure will increase again in the new year, putting huge pressure on struggling Britons. Rowan Harding, financial planner at Path Financial, said people with investments in the major suppliers can get a better deal if they switch to alternative green suppliers. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “The large energy firms with a direct line to fossil fuels have known about the colossal damage they have been doing to our planet for many years, yet have done close to nothing to change their business practices. “Consumers are bracing themselves for huge rises to their energy bills during the cost-of-living crisis, and energy companies enjoy huge profits and many company bosses are enjoying multimillion-pound salaries and bonuses. “People are angry and concerned, with good reason. One way of taking action is to avoid propping up profiteering energy companies through your savings and investments. “Instead, you could go green with your money, and ensure that it is being invested in companies which are focusing on finding solutions to help tackle the climate crisis.” READ MORE: Save £110 in 4 minutes - simple bathroom trick slashes household bills He said investing pension savings in sustainable companies is a “moral choice” but also makes sound economic sense. Mr Harding said: “There is often an assumption that investing in an ethical way means compromising on returns, but this is untrue. “Going green with your savings and investments makes good financial sense. The performance of ethical funds has been shown to be comparable - and in fact, often better - to the performance of conventional funds. “It makes sense to invest in the businesses and technologies of the future - the progressive problem-solvers that are helping to provide a cleaner, safer and healthier world - not the dying industries of the past.” DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT] He suggested looking at eco-friendly providers such as Green Energy UK, Good Energy, GEUK and Ecotricity, who work in the same way as other energy providers, while reducing the investor’s carbon footprint. For consumers looking to switch to green suppliers, comparison websites like USwitch or Money Saving Expert can compare the deals that are available. Mr Harding said: “It's worth reading up on what providers are doing in this space before you switch. "It's important to know what you're getting for your money, and you should be wary of being ‘greenwashed’ by companies that are not as sustainable as they claim to be.” READ MORE: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 Switching suppliers can usually be done online and quite easily, although there may be some fees to pay. Mr Harding said: “Do bear in mind however that some fixed tariffs may have an exit fee or penalty, and in the current market and with the energy price gap, you might not be saving any money on your bills.” Some people may be put off from switching to a smaller supplier because of concerns they are more likely to fold. The financial planner said: “Fortunately there is Ofgem, the energy watchdog, and if a smaller company goes bust you automatically get moved to another supplier, so there is never any interruption to your energy supply. “In terms of customer service, the way most energy companies work now is to do it all online, either via their website and a login or using an App on your smartphone.” Offshore wind power has become nine times cheaper than natural gas as wholesale gas prices have rocketed, according to analysis by Carbon Brief. The cost of electricity is often set by the cost of natural gas, as it still produces a large amount of the electricity mix used by consumers. This means that renewable companies are raking in huge profits despite being far cheaper than fossil fuels.