The comedian died in 2007 after finding fame as a stand-up during the 1970s. He appeared on shows such as The Comedians and The Wheeltappers. As times moved forward, his act began to be seen as controversial and he didn't make many TV appearances in the latter part of his life. Comic Lenny Henry, 64, called him out in a book, deeming him a "racist northern comic". Dudley-born comedian Lenny made the comments about Bernard in his latest book. After calling him a "spherical racist northern comic," he added his "raison d’être seemed to be to annoy as many of the audience as possible". He also recalled meeting Bernard on the 1982 show OTT. He also described a time the Manchester-born comic showed up at one of his gigs and acted disruptively. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash Lenny remembered how Bernard "sat there like an oversized comedy sphinx amidst the muggles and roared his approval at every gag that didn’t work". The comedy legend has been in the business for nearly five decades and has seen how comedy has evolved in that time. Reflecting on his career, he talked about modern comedians and how they have to adhere to what producers want rather than being able to embrace their own comedic style. Talking about the continuing popularity of his Tiswas stint when he was 19, Lenny argued that the much-loved show is proof comedy shouldn't be "sidelined". He continued: "Outside of perhaps Ronnie Barker or Phoebe Waller-Bridge, comic performers don’t get the respect they deserve." Speaking to Radio Times, the actor and presenter added: "Look at Mo Gilligan – his talk show is great, but back in the day, he’d have been given his own show where he’d get to do all his characters and talk to the audience." Although best known for his comic performances, the all-around entertainer also acts. He will soon appear in the upcoming Amazon Prime series, The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power. DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh scolds playing for link to rival show 'Not winning!' [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Life-changing secret about Sam Mitchell unveiled [THEORY]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Helen fears she'll lose James [LATEST] However, comedy remains his main love, and he explained why it would continue to be the most important thing for him. Lenny remains a favourite with audiences today, still leaving viewers in stitches. His most recent TV stint saw him welcoming athletes to The Midlands as he took part in the opening of the Commonwealth Games. One of the Black Country's own, he proudly represented Birmingham and had crowds roaring with laughter. This wasn't the closest the entertainer has come to royalty, though. Back in 2015, he was knighted by the Queen and has reflected on the experience. In an interview with Channel 5 News, he was asked about what it was like to meet the Queen. Ever the joker, he replied: "I’ve met her before, we go to Nandos on a regular basis. We’re always in Nandos together. She has the piri-piri chicken."