Some are struggling now while others are looking ahead to price hikes which are yet to come, but we all need reassurance that the Government has a plan to ease the pain. Significant help was heralded before Boris Johnson announced his resignation but more is needed. For that, we have had to wait until the long leadership battle comes to an end, allowing a new prime minister to be appointed. Whoever wins will need to hit the ground running. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, the front-runner, appears to understand this. She and her team have been working on plans to cut taxes and axe red tape that holds businesses back. They are also gearing up for the next time the country goes to the polls, and will place the party on a general election footing from day one. This is the right approach, as there is very little time for the Tory party to unite around a leader and a policy programme that will see it win another term in office. The removal of Boris Johnson, and a bruising leadership battle, have divided the Conservative Party. Those divisions must be healed for the Tories to win again. With an election possible in little more than 12 months, work has to begin immediately. It is a challenge, but one that Ms Truss is ready to take on.  It is horrible to think that some children will be denied a secure and stable home because of the cost of living. Pressure on household incomes is contributing to an increase in the number of children in care, while some local authorities have cut foster carer fees because they face financial pressures of their own. Anything we can do to help those who generously give their time, energy and love to young people in need of a good home is worthwhile. We must ensure no child is denied a future simply because families cannot afford the cost of caring for them.  Few things lift the spirits more than a good slice of cake. It may not be good for the waistline but it certainly brightens the day. So it is a great pleasure to greet the return of Bake Off, a show with as much drama, triumph and tragedy as any soap opera. We may all need a cake or two to get through the months ahead. 