Carlos Alcaraz has gone one step closer to winning the US Open as he survived a test from Federico Coria in the third set of their match to advance to the third round. The 19-year-old is bidding to become the first teenager to win a men’s Grand Slam singles title since Rafael Nadal back in 2005, and earned another straight-set victory 6-2 6-1 7-5. Alcaraz reached his maiden Grand Slam quarter-final at the US Open a year ago when he was just starting to make a name for himself, upsetting third seed Stefanos Tsitsipas while being ranked outside of the world’s top 50. A year later, the Spaniard is the third seed himself and one of the favourites for the title after enjoying a breakout season. The world No 4 has been tipped for Grand Slam success since winning the Miami Masters back in April, and has just two chances left to become the first teenage Grand Slam champion on the men’s side in 17 years, with his 20th birthday in May. Alcaraz ensured he got one step closer to the achievement with an easy second-round win, starting strong against Coria as he set up a break point in the first game of the match. The five-time title winner was unable to convert it but quickly took a break lead at 3-2. He then faced some trouble as he was forced to save three break points on his own serve, and after coming through the tough game he failed to drop a point for the rest of the set - breaking the 30-year-old again and serving it out 6-2. JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios explains 'professionalism' after spitting and swearing Alcaraz then made it six games in a row - a moral bagel - as he raced to a 4-0 double break lead in the second set. The younger brother of former world No 3 Guillermo Coria continued trying to pressure the Spaniard, setting up four break point chances across the second set, but he was no match for the third seed who managed to keep Coria at bay and win the second 6-1. Last year’s quarter-finalist took an early lead once again in the third set, needing just one break point at 2-1 as Coria gifted him the game on a double fault. It appeared as though the Spaniard was hurtling towards the third round but the world No 78 suddenly raised his level, breaking the Alcaraz serve for the first time. The Argentine made it three successive games as he saved a break point to go level at 4-4, and all the momentum was suddenly with Coria as he went 15-40 up on the Alcaraz serve. The Spaniard saved them but gave away three more, finally getting through his toughest service game to come within a game of the third round. DON'T MISSUkraine's Kostyuk refuses Azarenka handshake after slamming BelarusianJohn McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talksWilliams 'one of the favourites' to win historic 24th major at US Open Both players traded a hold of serve each before Coria found himself serving to stay in the match once more. After a highlight reel of shots in his previous service game, the former world No 52 was unable to keep Alcaraz at bay this time and the Spaniard set up a match point with a winner, taking it to seal a 6-2 6-1 7-5 victory. Alcaraz will now face Jenson Brooksby after the American upset 25th seed and recent Montreal champion Borna Coris 6-4 7-6(10) 6-1 earlier on Thursday. The pair have never met before on the tour, but the third seed will be the heavy favourite to progress to the second week once again. The 19-year-old is in the same half of the draw as compatriot Nadal, meaning they could face off in the semi-finals if they both reach that stage. And Alcaraz is also in with a shot at the world No 1 ranking this fortnight, which would make him the youngest man in history to reach the top spot. 