Arsenal have been forced to wait for Barcelona before they can terminate the contract of Hector Bellerin, according to reports. That is because Bellerin is claimed to have rejected three offers from elsewhere as he holds out hope of moving to the Nou Camp. The Spain right-back does not have a future at Arsenal. He spent last season on loan at Real Betis and was keen on a permanent move to the Spanish side. However, Betis have not been able to put together a deal acceptable to Bellerin. Barca have also been linked with the 27-year-old's signature and it appears now that is his preferred destination. Spanish outlet Sport claims Arsenal have an agreement with Bellerin to tear up his contract, so he can leave and join another club for free. But Bellerin will not push through with the mutual termination until he has a move lined up. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  The report says Bellerin had three offers from clubs in Serie A. Udinese, Sassuolo and Atalanta have all tried to sign him of late. However, he has rejected all three proposals as he hopes Barca come knocking late on. Barca are in the market for a right-back and have also been linked with Borussia Dortmund's Thomas Meunier. But the possibility of signing Bellerin on a free transfer could appeal to the La Liga giants. Barca would only have to pay Bellerin's salary, with Sport claiming the player would demand less than he is currently on at Arsenal. Bellerin came through the academy at Barca before joining Arsenal in 2011. He has made 239 appearances for the Gunners but struggled to reach his previous levels following an anterior cruciate knee ligament injury in early 2019. DON'T MISSFour players Chelsea could sign before 11pm transfer deadlineArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline day  Speaking on Bellerin last week, Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta admitted his former team-mate could be on his way. Arteta said: "There are still a few players where we’re discussing their futures and we will try to find the best solution for all parties." Bellerin is not the only player who could leave Arsenal on deadline day. Ainsley Maitland-Niles has agreed a deal to join Southampton on a season-long loan with an option to buy. Arteta is in the market for a midfielder before the 11pm deadline. Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey are both set to miss a number of matches due to injury. Skipper Martin Odegaard also suffered an injury scare in Wednesday's 2-1 win over Aston Villa. Arsenal have won their first five Premier League games of the season and face a trip to Manchester United on Sunday.  To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here