Matteo Berrettini survived a fightback from Andy Murray to reach the fourth round of the US Open in a four-hour slog inside Arthur Ashe Stadium, but the Italian was far from happy at the end and let his anger out at the umpire after the match. Berrettini and Murray were not giving much away in the fourth set with another tiebreak looking likely. But the Brit left a door open for his opponent to break at the worst possible moment towards the end of the fourth set, which Berrettini took full advantage of. Murray's head dropped from there as Berrettini went on to serve for the match and progress to the next round. The No 13 seed gave a stern look back at his player's box after Murray failed to return his serve in the final point of the match before the pair shared a respectful exchange at the net. Berrettini then shook hands with the umpire before going off to celebrate in the middle of the court and taking in all the plaudits from the crowd. But it was the disruption from certain fans throughout the match that appeared to irk Berrettini as he made his way back to his chair. The Italian tennis star walked back past the umpire where he began moaning about how long the players were waiting between points while fans were taking their seats. "We need to wait for one minute until everybody sits," Berrettini said. "We played for four hours and it felt like we were waiting two hours for people to sit down." There were several times during the match when both Murray and Berrettini were waiting to serve, only for spectators to be moving in the stands. The umpire asked on several occasions for fans to quickly find a seat due to the delay for the players. Murray came into the match against Berrettini feeling as though he could make a deep run at the US Open. He made light work of No 24 seed Francisco Cerundolo in the opening round before coming from a set down to beat Emilio Nava.  Berrettini was always going to provide a much tougher test as one of the favourites to win the US Open. Murray was going toe-to-toe with the 26-year-old though in the opening exchanges but ultimately lost his serve at crucial points in the first and second set to go 2-0 down. The former British No 1 wasn't giving up though and threatened an almighty comeback in the third. Berrettini had multiple opportunities to get the all-important break, but Murray held strong to force a tiebreak where he took the third set. The fourth continued in the same vein until Murray's level dropped at the wrong moment in the eighth game. Berrettini now moves on to face Spaniard Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in the next round.