Extinction Rebellion protesters formed a circle around the constitutional furniture inside Parliament this afternoon. They posted a photo online of five people inside the chamber holding banners reading "Let the people decide" and "Citizens' Assembly now". Other eco-zealots hung banners from the historic building with the same wording and padlocked themselves to the gates of the Parliamentary estate. "Extinction Rebellion have dropped banners across The Palace of Westminster, including off the building," the group said in a statement. "The protest points to the need for a Citizens’ Assembly to cut through the corruption in Westminster, update politics and let the people decide." The group read out a speech in the Commons demanding immediate action on climate change. READ MORE: We need cool heads instead of the hot air, says JAMES WHALE It read: “We are in crisis. And what goes on in this chamber every day makes a joke out of us all. We can not afford to carry on like this. "It is possible to act on climate and costs in a way that is fair and supports everyone. But our political system is too out of date and out of touch to see beyond the next election cycle and do what needs to be done. "We need a new way of making decisions, where more voices are heard, not just those at the top. We need the true diversity of the country to be represented. "We need a Citizens’ Assembly, now. Citizens’ Assemblies empower ordinary people to make decisions that benefit everyone. Decisions that can get us out of this mess and make life better, safer, fairer for all of us." Parliament is not currently sitting as MPs are on recess for the summer. Members of the public and overseas tourists are allowed into the Chamber as part of tours of the building when politicians are not debating. READ MORE: Khan urged to act now to halt Extinction Rebellion's next move Fifty people were involved in the stunt, which begins the first phase of their September plans, the group said. They said three of the protestors had been booked on an official tour of the building. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Barry Mitchell, who was one of those who padlocked himself to Palace gates, defended the group taking direct action inside a UNESCO world heritage site. He said: "In about 10 or 20 years' time there won't be any people to see any historic sites because we'll all be dead. DON'T MISS:Eco-protester makes impassioned plea from jail cell - but is he right? [COMMENT]Farmer rages at vegan activists who threw around milk around Harrods [REACTION]UK could be energy sufficient today but no, we had to pander to greens [OPINION]  "So, what do you want to do? Preserve these things as a memorial to humanity's passing? Or do you want to still be alive and give a future for your kids as well?" Another protestor, who wished to remain anonymous for fear of legal repercussions, said: "What we're doing is really, really mild. It's not hurt anybody, it's not disrupted anybody." "Civil disobedience has worked in the past," he added. "Take the suffragettes, they were a bit too extreme, we're not extreme like that." The protest is the second time in a matter of months that the group have attempted to cause havoc in the Palace.  In June nearly a dozen members of Extinction Rebellion occupied the central lobby of the Westminster building. The group first rose to prominence in 2019 when it held a series of extremely disruptive protests in London. Commuters in the capital faced transport chaos after activists glued themselves to tube trains. They also made a scene in Trafalgar Square last year then they covered the iconic London landmark with red paint. A House of Commons spokesman said: "We are aware of an incident on the parliamentary estate and are currently dealing with the situation as a matter of urgency." 