Pauley Perrette is well recognised for her role as Abby Sciuto on CBS’ procedural drama NCIS. Following her departure from the show in 2018, the actress is back in the spotlight after revealing she had suffered a stroke.   After being introduced in the pilot episode of NCIS back in 2003, the star quickly became a fan-favourite for her portrayal of Chief Forensic Scientist, Abby Sciuto. Her surprising departure left viewers emotional as many were taken aback by the character’s unexpected exit. Taking to Twitter on Friday, Pauley made a shocking admission about her health, which saw her inundated with support from fans. The actress revealed she had suffered a stroke a year ago and reflected on her survival. READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy to leave with Meg as fans 'work out' replacement  She wrote: “It’s 9/2, One year ago I had a massive stroke. “Before that I lost so many beloved family and friends, and daddy, and then Cousin Wayne. “Yet still a survivor after this traumatic life I’ve been given so far.” Pauley added: “And still so grateful, still so full of faith, and STILL HERE!”   Alongside the tweet, she also posted a video where she detailed how she cheated death in the past. Pauley said: “Oh my God, it's September 2nd, it's the one-year anniversary since I had a stroke and I’m still here." As she chuckled, she added: “Yes, I’m still here again, like how many times do I cheat death?" She went on to explain how she "almost died from a hair dye allergy" and was the victim of an assault. DON'T MISS...MAFS UK: What other dating shows has April Banbury been on? [INSIGHT]CBS sparks fan frenzy with NCIS LA and SEAL Team crossover tease [INSIGHT]NCIS LA season 14 theory: Hetty death sealed after premiere details [THEORY]  Pauley continued: “I’m still here and I’m feeling really grateful, especially for all my resume dogs and I’m here, I’m still here. “I feel good, been through a lot in the last two years, things that are harder than having a stroke, but I’m still here and I’m so grateful.” She added: “And thank you, to those of you who are my friends, thank you, God bless you all.” Fans took to her comment section with support and positive messages.   Including @stpierre3591 who wrote: “So glad you survived and are still here. Life can be tough at times but all we need is a little faith to help us pull through it.” @ChrisDufault added: “Wow! I had no idea you had been through all of that! I am so very sorry!” @sergent31563 shared: “Glad you're still here too. Bet if you look closely, there a many blessings, they're just hard to see through all that pain.” (sic) A fourth fan @RitaBroils tweeted: “I hope that your recovery well! It is an ever evolving progressive approach to becoming whole again.” (sic)  NCIS season 20 will premiere on CBS in the USA later this year. Season 19 continues Wednesdays on Disney+ in the UK.