Liverpool continued their upturn in form on Wednesday night with a last-gasp 2-1 win over Newcastle courtesy of Fabio Carvalho's late heroics and the Reds will be hoping to make it three wins on the spin this Saturday when they travel to Goodison Park for the first Merseyside derby of the season. With Jurgen Klopp having promised changes heading into the eagerly-anticipated clash with age-old foes Everton, Express Sport takes a closer at who the German may select amid a three-player dilemma. After claiming his first clean sheet of the season in last weekend's 9-0 mauling of Bournemouth, Alisson failed to make it two from two in midweek as he was unable to deny Alexander Isak a debut goal for Newcastle. Despite that, last season's joint Premier League Golden Glove winner will almost certainly remain between the sticks given he is regarded as one of the best in his position in the world. Liverpool No 2 Caoimhin Kelleher remains sidelined, though Klopp offered a positive update on the Irishman in his press conference on Friday. He revealed: "Kelleher is getting closer and closer. It [the injury] was something to do with age and growing." READ MORE: Liverpool failed with 'late move' for Luiz after Arsenal bid rejected While Klopp is expected to make changes throughout his team, defence is the area which could see the biggest shift in personnel. Ibrahima Konate is still set to be "out for a while" with a muscle injury, according to Klopp, but Virgil van Dijk may still find himself with a changed centre-back partner at Goodison Park. Joe Gomez has ably deputised in the heart of defence for Liverpool in recent weeks, however the Reds boss may well opt for a more experienced head in what is expected to be a heated derby on Saturday lunchtime. Joel Matip returned to training on Monday following a short layoff and, having completed a full week of training, is likely to be called upon. The second change to the defence may well come at left-back. Andy Robertson has experienced something of a slow start to the season by his standards, while Kostas Tsimikas has seized his chances when called upon, so there's a good chance the Greek defender may be handed his first start of the campaign on Saturday. DON'T MISS Liverpool signing £30m deadline day target impossible after late moveFive craziest deadline day deals including Man Utd and Liverpool movesLiverpool's Caicedo transfer would be bad news for four players Klopp was finally granted his wish of adding a new midfielder to his ranks on deadline day as Liverpool welcomed Arthur Melo through the door, but the Merseyside derby will come too soon for the Brazilian who hasn't received international clearance in time. There is still likely to be one change to the Reds midfield, however. Klopp has confirmed captain Jordan Henderson is "definitely out" of the Everton clash having suffered a hamstring injury in his side's dramatic 2-1 triumph over Newcastle on Wednesday. The ever-reliable James Milner will likely deputise and act as another cool head on derby day. Elsewhere, Harvey Elliott will likely retain his starting spot having impressed in recent weeks, though Carvalho, who netted his second goal in two games at Anfield on Wednesday, will surely earn his shot from the off soon enough. Curtis Jones will likely make the bench having returned to training this week, while Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain remains "out for a while". Klopp added that Thiago is the "closest of them all" to recovering from injury and is set to return to training next week.   Roberto Firmino continued his fine form with a third goal of the season in Liverpool's success against the Magpies but three games in a week may be too much for the 30-year-old. It seems increasingly likely the Brazilian may well be switched out given potential club-record signing Darwin Nunez is raring to go having served his three-match suspension. Addressing suggestions the Uruguayan could return to his starting XI, Klopp said: "He has learned the lesson. He is in really good shape. We won the last two games so we don't see it as a bad thing, the time he was out, as we could help him, he looks really settled now." Nunez is set to be flanked by both Luis Diaz and Mohamed Salah - with the latter still searching for his first goal of the new campaign. Klopp stated Diogo Jota will "probably" be involved against Frank Lampard's side, but that will almost certainly be from the bench given he only returned to first-team training on Thursday. Predicted Liverpool XI in full: Alisson; Alexander-Arnold, Matip, Van Dijk, Tsimikas; Fabinho, Elliott, Milner; Salah, Nunez, Diaz.