The Queen makes a yearly trip to her Scottish home Balmoral in Aberdeenshire every summer. However, due to the Queen’s increasing old age, some adjustments have been made to the lavish Scottish property for her ease and comfort.  According to the Daily Mail’s Ephraim Hardcastle, earlier this summer “a large removal van delivered some comforts including an electric buggy from Windsor and a special orthopedic bed to aid HM's sleep”. The aids were apparently brought from her Windsor home, which has recently replaced Buckingham Palace as her official residence. Since last autumn, the Queen has suffered from mobility issues and now regularly uses a walking stick. Despite her age and issues, the Queen has been getting on with the job, having already sported her electric buggy in public. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Time to strip titles' Meghan and Harry spark fury Keen-eyed royal fans will know she used one while attending Chelsea Flower Show earlier this year. According to Golf Monthly, the model Her Majesty uses is worth around £62,000. It is made by Danish manufacturer Garia, and reportedly includes a slew of extras, such as a heated windscreen, bluetooth speakers and cup holders. The monarch is currently planning to stay in Scotland until October, and over the summer she has welcomed family members to her home. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, as well as their three children, George, Charlotte, and Louis, are thought to still be visiting the Queen currently. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall have also visited, along with the Wessexes and Princess Anne. It was announced this week the Queen would receive the new Prime Minister at her Scottish home on September 6. It followed the announcement she would not return to Windsor for her first audience with them. DON'T MISSCharlotte and Lilibet share bond helping Diana's legacy live on [INSIGHT]Camilla 'lives in dread' of Harry's memoir after decades-long PR push [ANALYSIS]Queen forced to heed medical advice to meet duty demands [REPORT] It is thought this decision has been made for the Queen’s comfort, as travelling long distances may be uncomfortable for her. Whoever wins between Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak will become the 15th British prime minister appointed by the Queen. She first confirmed Sir Winston Churchill into office in 1951. Balmoral is located in Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire. The monarch usually starts the break in the seven-bedroom Craigowan Lodge on the estate while the castle is still open to the public, before moving into the main house later in August. According to visitscotland.com, Royal Deeside "is a fine-looking area that captivated Queen Victoria with its characteristic Scottish blend of moody mountains, lofty crags, tumbling rivers and moors and forests." The castle was commissioned by Prince Albert, Queen Victoria's husband, and the original castle was demolished after the couple deemed it too small. The Balmoral Estate has been upgraded and extended by successive royals, and now covers an area of approximately 50,000 acres.