If Audrey Roberts (played by Sue Nicholls) hadn't been through enough recently, viewers of the ITV soap believe she could now be killed by her own son. After plenty of suspicious activity, fans of Coronation Street believe they have cracked Stephen Reid's (Todd Boyce) unhinged plot. In Wednesday's episode, conman Stephen learned his mother will no longer be opening up a trust fund and will instead opt for a normal will for her loved ones. He was relying on taking control of that fund to keep his head above water, as he battles with secret money issues. His plan appeared to backfire once he told Audrey he did not want to be part of any will, saying he does not need any financial help. Stephen also bizarrely bought a new suit from the charity shop, which heightened suspicion he was up to something strange. Read More: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles  This feeling among viewers increased when fans considered who the previous owner of the suit was - Imran (Charlie de Melo) who passed away after a car accident. Many quickly began to piece together Stephen's plan, believing he is plotting to kill Audrey and make it look like an accident. Twitter was full of theories about Stephen's plot and Beardy Bill wrote: "Stephen buying a burner suit before he kills Audrey." Amie added: "Stephen the snake is going to kill Aud by poisoning her and make it look like she’s taken another overdose." Michelle agreed: "Stephen's going to kill Audrey before she gets a chance to make a new will! Make it look like another overdose. B*****d!" Erin continued: "But he's not going to be in her will so he'd better hurry up before she writes it!" Stephen was seen in a fit of rage on Wednesday's episode, launching bins and swinging around anything he could find at the back of the brewery. Fans are hoping Audrey's grandson David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) will clock on to Stephen's plan and stop him before it's too late. DON'T MISS...Jimmi Harkishin on his past 'out of control' addiction [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street theory: Exit for beloved family after health scare [THEORY]Emmerdale's Del Dingle star Hayley Tamaddon taken to hospital [ARTICLE] Coronation Street fan Louise tweeted: "I really hope David finds him before that can happen and give him a good hiding for being such a wuss!" Audrey has had a tumultuous time and viewers will be hoping her time on the cobbles is not sealed in the most evil way imaginable. In some of the most emotional scenes of the ITV soap, Audrey tried to take her own life during her mental health struggles. However, she opened up to her friends over lunch and they vowed to ensure she wasn't left feeling alone any longer. Actress Sue Nicholls has previously spoken about Audrey's storyline and her hopes it will help older people open up. “Now that is the message that I want people to take away from this storyline, the importance of being able to talk to people you trust about how you feel," she said. "Sometimes the young generation might think that anyone over 70 isn’t capable of making decisions which in turn can make older people lose their sense of purpose and begin to feel quite useless." Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 