 The UK’s third largest energy provider OVO Energy, which has 4.5 million customers, has announced today that has put £50million into a customer support package for those that are struggling to pay their bills can access. The support package will be open from October 1 with the firm stating that it will be “targeted to help customers with a real and immediate need”.     The £50million package includes payment holidays for debt repayment for all prepayment meter customers. OVO stated that this will mean “every penny put on the meter will go towards heating” and not into paying back debt. OVO said the most vulnerable customers may be able to have their direct debits reduced by up to 15 percent if they need to set up a payment plan. It has also announced a 200 percent increase in emergency top-up credit for customers on a prepayment meter. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes     This increase will take the emergency top up from £5 to £15. OVO’s support includes dedicated support from a specialist team which OVO stated “can provide advice and help to those in the most financial difficulty and those in financial difficulty for the first time”. The energy provider is also going to provide free boiler services worth around £90 to its customers to make sure their boilers are working efficiently. It is also providing a 20 percent discount for customers in need of a newly installed A-Rated boiler.    As well as this, OVO is going to provide free smart thermostats to help customers reduce their heating costs. They are also providing free electric blankets so people can reduce their need to put on the heating for their entire home. The firm has also launched a new charity partnership with the Trussell Trust to support food banks to meet increased needs this winter. The energy firm also stated that it was to continue its partnership with debt charity StepChange to provide support for people facing severe financial difficulty worth £2million. Stephen Fitzpatrick, founder of OVO said: “The stakes are high but the scale of ambition needs to be higher. With the new Prime Minister due to arrive next week, there isn't a moment to waste to find a way out of this crisis. “Important and difficult decisions need to be made quickly. Some of these will need to take immediate effect, some in the months and years ahead. But we must start now. “At OVO, we will continue to play an active role in proposing solutions, and putting our customers’ interests at the heart of the response.” OVO also stated that it remains dedicated to its pledge to never disconnect customers who fall behind on their payments.  READ MORE: Single mum’s money saving tip could save £3,500     Alongside the announcement of the support, OVO released a ten-point plan for the Government to follow in order to protect Britons this winter. The 10-point plan is separated into three sections which included short, medium and long-term. Under the plan, everyone would get some assistance, but higher earners would see the amount of help taper off as they used more energy. It also called for the full £400 energy grant, which was announced by the Government earlier this year, to be brought forward and paid in full to Britons before Christmas. It also advocates abolishing the standing charge that customers pay regardless of their energy use.      OVO has called on the Government to also set up a Fuel Poverty Taskforce to identify those most in need so targeted help to individuals can be given, it also calls for increased funding for debt support charities. Raman Bhatia, CEO of OVO said:“Our immediate focus is what we can do to help keep the lights on and our customers warm this winter. “We are urging the Government to increase its support for those that need it. In the meantime, our Customer Support Package will provide immediate support to our customers who need it most right now. “By working with partners like StepChange and Trussell Trust we can directly help people facing hardship this winter and beyond.”   