Newcastle head coach Eddie Howe has taken aim at the club’s Premier League rivals, suggesting that none were prepared to do them a ‘favour’ during the summer transfer window. Howe welcomed four new players during the window but says the Magpies had to walk away from several deals with domestic rivals. Newcastle’s two biggest transfers came from abroad. Centre-back Sven Botman arrived from Lille for £33million, while club-record buy Alexander Isak was prised away from Real Sociedad for £60m. Goalkeeper Nick Pope was signed from Burnley and left-back Matt Targett’s loan from Aston Villa was made permanent. However, Premier League and other English clubs have largely not been keen to work with Newcastle since their Saudi Arabian-backed takeover in October last year. Eighty per-cent of Newcastle is now owned by the Saudi Public Investment Fund, which is chaired by Prince Mohamed. The Premier League was given sufficient assurance that it is a separate entity to the Saudi state when they green-lighted the takeover, but some clubs have remained unhappy. READ MORE: Alan Shearer issues salty response to Liverpool's last-gasp winner Howe said of frustrating dealings with rivals: “Let’s just say there was nobody there ready to do us a favour. We have to deal with that and we will.” Newcastle were linked with a couple of players from domestic clubs. The Magpies kept tabs on Callum Hudson-Odoi, Conor Gallagher and Christian Pulisic from Chelsea. There was also interest in Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans. Despite struggling to sign players from Premier League clubs, Howe was happy with the business Newcastle managed to complete. The club’s new owners have now spent £200m during their 11-month reign. DON'T MISS...Liverpool's Darwin Nunez filmed shouting 'f*** you' at Newcastle starsNewcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goalLiverpool 2-1 Newcastle: Four transfer questions for FSG after win "A very good window for us, I think. From my side, I had a clear vision of what I wanted it to be and it's never perfect but from the board down everyone's given their all to create the best squad possible,” Howe continued. "I found the window to be very difficult this year - it was very long. I'm pleased it's shut and we can concentrate on the football. I'm very pleased with the squad that's there." Newcastle have enjoyed a positive start to the season, with a thrilling 3-3 draw against Manchester City a highlight of their first five matches. Howe’s side were unfortunate to concede a 98th-minute winning goal against Liverpool on Tuesday night. The Magpies are 12th with six points. They host Crystal Palace on Saturday.