Power Book III: Raising Kanan returned for its second outing earlier this month, delving into the teenage years of Kanan Stark (played by Mekair Curtis). Season one went down a storm with Starz and Starzplay subscribers so it wasn't a surprise that it made a comeback. With each episode adding another layer to the drama, fans are getting curious about just how long will Raising Kanan will be on their screens. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Raising Kanan. The Power franchise began with the original drama, following the life of James "Ghost" St Patrick (played by Omari Hardwick). It first kicked off in 2014 and ran for six seasons, reaching its shocking conclusion in February 2020. The first of the follow-up series came in the shape of Power Book II: Ghost which will return for its second outing on Sunday, November 30, 2022. Meanwhile, Power Book III: Raising Kanan is in the middle of airing its second series with Power Book IV: Force also returning for series two in early 2023. READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed Given the fact the original Power drama, ran for six seasons, it is thought that this could be the case for its other series, including Raising Kanan. Express.co.uk spoke to Marvin Thomas star London Brown about the prequel's future on Starz. When asked if Raising Kanan will match the six series format, Brown said: "I think that is the hope and we never really know but as of now, we're hearing buzzers about that but nothing official. "Nothing is nothing until it's something so for me, I don't even really worry or try to think about how many seasons because acting is an incredible temp job where you work and you work and I just stay very present." Brown added: "So we'll see, so far people are enjoying it and the writers carry on doing what they do, then I think people will definitely want to go along with this for the ride." Season two is only a few episodes in and already, there has been plenty to keep viewers coming back for more. After Marvin attacked his daughter Jukebox (Hailey Kilgore) in the first series, he decided to go to anger management class. He didn't believe that it could help him until he managed to solve an issue without the use of violence, making him realise that it was actually doing him some good. There is also some flirtation going on between him and the instructor Renée (Krystal Joy Brown) so perhaps this could become a blossoming romance. DON'T MISS...Gyles Brandreth in takedown of Meghan 'Just an actress without Harry' [ROYAL]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [CAST]Raising Kanan: Kanan to discover the truth about Howard clue [SPOILER] Elsewhere, there is the aftermath of Kanan shooting Detective Malcolm Howard (Omar Epps) to contend with. Kanan shot the detective on his mum Raq Thomas' (Patina Miller) orders but little did he know that Malcolm was his father. Once he recovers, the officer tells Kanan the truth about who he is and says he isn't going to tell the police but can he really trust this man? Raising Kanan's season two, episode four which comes out on Sunday, September 4, will be entitled Pay the Toll. The synopsis reads: "Kanan and Jukebox search for answers in family matters. "When Raq's push into new territory is stalled, she proposes a meeting. "Crown helps Famous get settled. Still investigating Howard's shooting, Burke questions Unique." Power Book III: Raising Kanan continues every Sunday on Starz in the USA and Starzplay via Amazon Prime Video in the UK.