Friday's episode saw a devastated Jenny (played by Sally Ann Matthews) trying to adjust back to life without Leo (Joe Frost) after the two decided he would go to Canada without her. Money-loving Stephen asked Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) out of the blue if Jenny runs the pub alone, and suddenly the Coronation Street newcomer's interest became apparent. After he began to flirt with her at the bar, the two shared a passionate kiss before being interrupted by Gemma Winter (Dolly-Rose Campbell). Later, Leo proposed and Jenny emotionally said yes. Could Stephen take this opportunity to begin blackmailing Jenny, threatening to destroy her relationship? "I see the landlady's been left unsupervised," Stephen pointed out while sitting in the Rovers with Sarah and noticing Jenny drinking at the bar. "Ah, yeah," Sarah replied sympathetically. "She's going through a bit of a tough time." She went on to admit to her uncle: "She's got a very on-off toyboy and I think it's off." "So she guzzles the profits? We should blackmail her for free drinks," Stephen laughed. "Threaten to grass her up to the owner!" "Oh, she is the owner," Sarah explained. Surprised, Stephen asked: "She owns the place?" READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling He continued: "Just her?" and began watching Jenny, intrigued and clearly wondering if he could take advantage of her. Later, he approached Jenny at the bar and began to flirt with her. In her vulnerable state, Jenny played along, but it was clear Stephen had ulterior motives. As the two sat in Jenny's living room drinking, Jenny kissed Stephen. He asked: "Are you sure about this, are you okay?" but Jenny insisted she was. Meanwhile, Leo arrived at the Rovers and confessed to bar staff Gemma and Sean Tully (Antony Cotton) that he was going to propose to Jenny to show how seriously he feels about her. Gemma was thrilled after trying and failing to persuade Jenny to go with Leo to Canada. She went to get Jenny and walked in as she and Stephen were about to head upstairs. After distracting Leo and sending him away, Jenny soon emerged behind the bar again, and Leo popped the question. Later, Jenny, Gemma, Leo and Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox) toasted the engaged couple while out for dinner, with Stephen watching on. DON'T MISS... MAFS UK’s Kwame sparks uproar with ‘fatphobic’ comment [REACTION]Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne set for reality TV return [LATEST]Emmerdale theory: Al and Chas' exit sealed after romantic proposal [THEORY] Jenny confided in Gemma about wanting to reveal the truth about what happened with Stephen to Leo, but she was convinced to keep quiet. However, once Sarah caught Leo outside later, she inquired about whether he still planned to go to Canada. When he confirmed he and Jenny would be moving there, she advised him to speak to Stephen about it because he has businesses in the country. Leo was pleased to hear this and the two men exchanged numbers. When Leo relayed this information to Jenny, she seemed uneasy and insisted they could take care of things themselves. The episode ended with a worried-looking Jenny left mortified about what had happened. Stephen may not have been on the cobbles for long, but it's clear he is very much after money. Not having much luck so far in getting his hands into his mother's money, he is probably hoping he can con Jenny out of hers. Knowing she owns the pub alone and that she was vulnerable, he probably thought he'd be able to start dating her before attempting to take a share of the pub's finances. However, now that his plan has been ruined, he might have other ideas. It's possible he will blackmail Jenny, insisting she gives him money or he'll tell Leo what happened between them. With Jenny not wanting to destroy her happiness and chance at a new life with Leo, she might agree to give Stephen money. Stephen is likely to taunt Jenny while the trio meet up to discuss Canada, so it will be hard for the landlady to get away from his threats. Could she end up losing everything thanks to manipulative Stephen? It could be that Jenny loses her relationship and her money by the time Stephen has taken what he wants. Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.