Kevin Costner, 67, has been married to Christine Baumgartner, 48, since 2004, however the Hollywood actor was left "heartbroken" when his marriage to his childhood sweetheart suddenly ended. The A-lister rose to fame during the 1980s, with his college sweetheart Cindy Silva by his side, after tying the knot in 1978. As Kevin got more and more Hollywood roles, Kevin's first wife Cindy became concerned of her husband's steamy scenes with female co-stars in Hollywood. By this time, they had welcomed three children: Annie, Lily, and son Joe. The couple had been married 16 years with Cindy enduring the sex scenes as well as the cheating rumours. However, in 1994 they announced their split to the disappointment of many, including Kevin. READ MORE: Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 Nonetheless, in their statement, the pair insisted they had amicably resolved all issues regarding their kids and finances. According to reports at the time, Cindy ended up with a divorce settlement of an impressive $80 million. Speaking after the divorce, Kevin expressed: "My faith was shaken. No one wants their marriage to end, and it did. "You are going to see the people you love most, your children, only half as much. That's a huge loss." Kevin has now been married to Christine since 2004, with the couple welcoming three children together. Their relationship was not plain sailing before this as Christine threatened to break up with Kevin prior to their nuptials because he did not want more children. He told Closer Weekly in 2018: "[She] wanted a child, but I was afraid I couldn’t be an effective father. "I woke up and thought, ‘Am I going to lose a beautiful woman who is willing to be with me to my very last breath because I am afraid to say yes to a child?’ DON'T MISS... TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [DEATH] Nicola Peltz 'never intended' to wear Victoria Beckham wedding dress [INSIGHT] ‘Looks like Woody Allen!’ Bruce Springsteen unrecognisable in new pics [HOLLYWOOD] "That’s all it took. Sometimes you learn the thing you’re most afraid of will save your life." The pair welcomed their son Cayden three years after their wedding ceremony, followed by Hayes in 2009 and Grace in 2010. The secret to their successful marriage is apologizing sincerely, the Bodyguard star told Parade in May 2012. He revealed: "I know that sounds so simple. "If you’re willing to tell somebody that you love them, are you also willing to say you’re sorry? You need to, even when you think you’re in the right." The Hollywood actor keeps his family life private, but he did previously give a rare insight to People in 2020. Kevin explained: "I'm really comfortable with my family. I'm really comfortable with my children." You can watch Kevin Costner in Dances with Wolves at 3.30pm on Channel 5