E10 petrol is set to be introduced to fuel forecourts in Northern Ireland from November 1, the Government announced earlier this week. The “greener” fuel is petrol blended with up to 10 percent renewable ethanol and will help the country to decarbonise transport. This will see renewable ethanol in petrol double, from the current petrol blend E5 containing no more than five percent ethanol, further reducing emissions from millions of cars in line with climate targets. The Government has praised the fuel, saying it could contribute to cutting transport CO2 emissions in the UK by potentially 750,000 tonnes a year. This is the equivalent to a forest the size of the Isle of Wight capturing carbon every year. A small number of older vehicles, including classic cars and some from the early 2000s, will continue to need E5 fuel. READ MORE: Major number plate changes to be introduced to all new cars today When the fuel was originally launched across the UK in September 2021, the RAC estimated that as many as 600,000 vehicles would not be compatible with E10. Its continued rollout has also frustrated drivers who have been using E10 for more than a year, many of whom have claimed their cars’ performance worsen. One Express.co.uk commenter, using the nickname 58goingon59, said: “E10 is rubbish! “I got less MPG (10-20 miles per tank) and the engine ran less smoothly. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fuel changes with further rollout of E10 petrol [WARNING]Simple car trick slashes fuel consumption by 12 percent [INSIGHT]Electric car drivers demand huge VAT cut on public charging costs [SHOCKING] “I've gone back to E5 which is far superior. My car is quieter and runs smoothly again. “The whole thing is an excuse to charge motorists 20p a litre more for what 'used' to be standard unleaded. “E10 is the equivalent of adding five percent water to a glass of wine in order to save grapes.” Another user, Norfolk Boy, claimed: “So-called ‘green’ fuel that increases fuel consumption. “Complete nonsense by the green zealots.” The “green” benefits have been highlighted by the Government as helping the UK decarbonise transport. Vivergo, a British ethanol producer, has already benefited from the introduction of E10, with 100 new jobs created in Great Britain since last year. Trudy Harrison, minister for the decarbonisation of transport, said this would be a sign of more opportunities to come for British industry. A third commenter claimed E10 burns faster, meaning the fuel economy would be reduced. They added: “You need to fill up more often which is making the Government more money than before E10 was introduced. “Obviously a lot of the money made goes into pockets of politicians most people know that. “Plus politicians don't even pay for fuel they claim it all on their expense accounts.” Most larger filling stations will continue to carry E5 petrol for vehicles which cannot use E10.