Coronation Street's Sam (played by Jude Riordan) has finally begun to come out of his shell and socialise more with people of a similar age after the death of Natasha (Rachel Leskovac). Her death and grief left Sam completely mute, but with the help of Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan), he began to come out of his shell. In upcoming scenes, Sam begins to bond with boys the same age as him, however, could be putting himself in the hands of online bullies when trying to fit in. Official spoilers reveal that Sam does a class presentation about chess after learning how to play with Roy Cropper (David Neilson). As the class ends, one boy, Owen, tells Sam how much he enjoyed it Sam offers to teach him later. Sam sets up at the café but has been oblivious to Owen’s sarcasm, soon realising he wouldn't be joining him. After opening up to Hope about the incident, she suggests that Sam pretends to be interested in gaming, and invites Jack Webster (Kyran Bowes) and Liam Connor (Charlie Wrenshall) around after school. READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed After beginning to play a football computer game, Sam makes a statement that he feels the game is pointless as it requires no skill or strategy. Liam and Jack look at him in disbelief but continue to try and play the game with Sam doing his best to make a conversation with them both. The boys begin to question Sam over the letters that he has been writing and posting, but Sam quickly changes the subject. Later, in a bid to impress his school friends, Sam turns up at Jalena’s (Kyrah Wallace) party sporting a football top and trainers.  She reveals she has no interest in football and was going to suggest they meet up for a game of chess. Getting the wrong idea, Jalena now thinks he is into football and decided to invite John for a game of chess instead, leaving Sam crushed. Facing the rejection from Jalena, Sam could begin to retreat and go back to being mute once again. After just starting high school, Sam has been facing a lot of milestones and has been trying to make new friends. DON'T MISS...Vladimir Putin 'doesn't look good' - Russian leader's health in doubt [INSIGHT]Meghan keeps needling wound' William and Kate 'hurt' over interview [LATEST]‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles [WATCH] If Sam retreats and falls back into being a mute, he could suffer at the hands of online bullies who he goes to school with. However, his love of chess could also get him into some trouble with bullies after his rejection from Owen. Owen seems to enjoy the effect that his sarcasm had on Sam, considering he didn't understand the social cue. Could Owen begin to torment Sam behind the comfort of his keyboard?  Viewers haven't seen much of Sam over the last couple of months, so he could be set for an explosive storyline. Sam has also been writing letters and posting them to a mystery recipient behind his father Nick Tilsley's (Ben Price) back. Will the online bullies get hold of the letters somehow and reveal who he has been talking to? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.