Cameron Norrie has adopted the nickname SpongeBob at the US Open after admitting he does not like his bright yellow shirt. “I think it's tough to look good in it but I'm doing my best,” he laughed. Former champion Bianca Andreescu had to leave the court in the first round because her Nike dress was “so bad” and hindering her forehands. Now the Wimbledon semi-finalist has joked he resembles the cartoon character in his gaudy K Swiss outfit. And he has to keep wearing the bright colour for today’s third-round clash with Holger Rune at the US Open even if he likes his blue “pants”. After his last win, Norrie took to Instagram to proclaim: “SpongeBob through to round 2.” And the No.7 seed explained: “It is just the yellow K-Swiss gave me. Actually, one friend texted me, saying: ‘Well done, SpongeBob. Then I stole that. I haven't watched Sponge Bob in a while. I used to be a fan of it! “I think it's tough to look good in the yellow, but I'm doing my best. This is the first time in a while I have worn it. Wouldn't be my choice of colours. I like the shorts. I think the shorts look good,. I think my favourite colour is, like, red, maroon. They've not really done a maroon in a while. I think I could look better in that than the yellow, for sure. I have to wear the same outfit in the next round.” Norrie will also be looking for the same result against Rune today after beating the Danish teenager twice already this season, including in Cincinnati last month. The world No.33 reached his first Grand Slam quarter-final at the French Open and clashed with Casper Ruud after his defeat. MUST READ: Nick Kyrgios hit with biggest US Open fine after spitting on court and swearing at team  “He's just a very competitive kid,” said Norrie. “Just watching him practice, seeing his determination, seeing his level of focus, he really wants to be a top player. He's out there training and putting in the hours. He's very talented. “Every time I've played him, I think it's been a battle. I think he really wants to beat me. I beat him the last two times in tight matches. Going to be ready for an absolute war with Holger.” Rafa Nadal suffered a self-inflicted wound in battle in his second round win when he smashed himself on the nose with his own racquet. The 22-time Major winner then needed a medical time out for treatment before winning 2-6 6-4 6-2 6-1 against Fabio Fognini. DON'T MISS Roger Federer's former coach feels Emma Raducanu is getting herself 'in trouble' Rafael Nadal makes honest admission in quest to beat Medvedev and Alcaraz to US Open glory John McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talks at US Open  “It was just a strong hit,” the Spaniard explained. “At the beginning I thought I had broken my nose because it was a shock at the beginning. It was very painful. I lost a little bit - I don't know how to say it in English - of the feeling in my head. It was a shock. “It's about being a little bit out of the world. It seems like it is not broken - I think it's getting bigger and bigger. There is a little bit pain, honestly, but it is good. I am happy after a terrible start. I don't understand yet how I started that bad because the feeling before the match was good.”  Nadal next faces world No.91 Richard Gasquet. He has a 17-0 winning record against the Frenchman. 