Leo, 57, told Express.co.uk that the cost of food and energy is “outrageous” yet she is saving “absolutely loads” by adopting a method her gran used to swear by. She shared her number one tip for saving money on cooking for the family this winter. Soaring energy bills and rising food prices are making it more expensive than ever to cook a family meal. For businesses it's a double whammy as they are faced with soaring bills at home and in the workplace. Leo, a caterer from Bristol, said she swears by batch cooking which could help others save money on their energy bills this winter. She has been saving over £100 a month doing things this way, while experts agree this simple principle could help others save more than £1,000 a year. READ MORE: 'Is there any help?!' Pensioner told of two benefits to claim for Leo told Express.co.uk: “The cost of food is outrageous! “I do all sorts of different tricks, I do a lot of batch cooking so when I’m cooking for my business I’ll also be cooking a batch for home as well. “So I’m just trying to be really thrifty with everything. “My grandmother who lived in between the two world wars back in the day used to do a lot of vegan cooking. So I’ve learnt a lot from how she was cooking then.” DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] Batch cooking can help people save money on energy bills because they are using the oven much less. Not only that, it also means people spend less on the food shop because advance preparation means they are more likely to only buy what they need. Suzanne Mulholland set up The Batch Lady blog sharing tips and recipes to help others save £1,000 a year by batch cooking. She told Express.co.uk: “If you prepare in advance then you automatically stop panic buying and naturally save money.” READ MORE: State pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could claim £4428  The mum of two continued: “Because you portion everything out when you batch cook, you save on food waste too. It’s a win, win really.” Another tip for saving money on the food shop is to see if there is a food club nearby - a woman from Bristol told Express.co.uk how she gets £25 worth of food for £3.50. Elaine Wishart, 54, said: “It’s open to anyone and you pay £3.50 a week and it’s what supermarkets are about to throw away. “I reckon each week I get about £20 to £25 worth of stuff for £3.50 and you never know what you are getting."  Cash strapped Britons should also check out the Yellow Sticker Bargains at their local supermarket - former Morrissons worker Al Baker said this helped his family through some difficult financial times. He told Express.co.uk: “I have been in a situation where I’ve literally just had pennies in my pocket - we’ve struggled massively. “I was that yellow sticker finder at my local Co-op every single night there to make sure that I grabbed something. “All the supermarkets are slightly different, but usually about 6pm we’d then start the final reductions which is between 70 and 80 percent off everything that needs to go.” 