Today, at 1:50pm, on Channel 5, Mel Gibson stars in What Women Want, the romantic-comedy movie that bestowed the ability to read women's minds to the protagonist, Nick Marshall. In an effort to become less chauvinistic and crass, he worked on himself to be a better person throughout the film. During the movie, he struck up a love affair with Darcy Maguire, played by Oscar-winner Helen Hunt. But their romance scenes got a bit hot and heavy at the end of the movie. One scene had Gibson and Hunt's characters kissing passionately - but the scenes had to inexplicably be filmed over again. Hunt later revealed she spent a "day and a half" filming the kissing scenes for the movie. While it may have been "some women's dream," she revealed filming wasn't all as glamorous as it may have seemed. "I mean, 9 o’clock in the morning to 8 o’clock in the evening and through the next morning," she described. "It was honestly dizzying how much we kissed." Hunt said the experience left her with "no air" as she was continually made to reshoot the kissing scenes. During these intimate moments together Hunt learned a lot about the physical qualities of Gibson and his mouth. Despite the fact he was an avid smoker, Hunt confessed the stench wasn't an issue. "Who cares?" she exclaimed. "A little thing like that can't make Mel Gibson a bad kisser! No, it was a pleasure. He's certainly a fantastic kisser in my opinion." READ MORE: Mel Gibson on the condition that causes 'out of control' symptoms Hunt added: "For him? I don't know. He may have been looking at his watch every five minutes. Mel is very perceptive about women. I found him open and willing to listen and curious. That's a very sexy quality, if someone's curious and really wants to know what you think." She went on to say: "He's the greatest guy in the world." However, there was one major drawback to spending over eight hours kissing the man known for Braveheart and Lethal Weapon. Hunt even requested that the hair and make-up team fix it for her. DON'T MISS...Mel Gibson on the condition that causes 'out of control' symptoms [NEWS]Mel Gibson, 66, unrecognisable as he is spotted in Glasgow [INFO]'That's time' Mel Gibson interview cut off after Will Smith slap probe [INSIGHT] Hunt revealed that kissing Gibson left her with a painful rash on her face - from his facial hair. She explained: "So at around 5 o’clock on the first day, I asked Mel's makeup people to shave him a little because my face was getting chewed up from his stubble." But, in classic Gibson fashion, he had some fun with it. Hunt revealed: "So he showed up on the set with 25 toilet paper marks with fake blood on them!" Gibson and Hunt's chemistry on What Women Want was palpable and the movie was loved by audiences. The movie was made on a meagre $70 million budget but earned a staggering $374 million at the box office. The reviews from critics were not as favourable, however. At the time of writing, the Rotten Tomatoes rating for the movie is 54 percent based on 122 reviews. What Women Want is available to rent on Amazon Prime Video. SOURCE / SOURCE