Max Verstappen heads into his home grand prix this weekend with a commanding lead at the top of the Drivers' standings. The Red Bull man came back from the bottom half of the grid to win at last week's Belgian Grand Prix, and will now be hoping to achieve similar success in the Netherlands. It looks all but certain that he will win his second world championship in 2022, thanks to his impressive pace as well as repeated errors in the Ferrari garage. His triumph in the 2021 season was highly controversial, his driving style and fortune in the final race came under the microscope. But, as former F1 driver Jolyon Palmer once revealed, Verstappen's aggression on the track has angered some of his competitors for years. In April 2020, Palmer explained why Verstappen's driving angered other F1 stars. Analysing video footage of the dutchman’s handling, he said: "Well, there were two incidents. This is the first one with Gabby Chaves, side by side through [turns] eight and nine. And that just fired Chaves off at a rate of knots over the grass and into the wall. "And then here, he covered way too late, [Sebastian] Priaulx is having his own battle, and then bam, comes right across into the braking zone. No way. That's a big no, no. "That's what Verstappen used to get told off for in F1 and all the rest of the drivers hated him for it. And Montoya, to be honest, is the master of his own downfall there." Last season, Verstappen was once again accused of being too aggressive during his numerous battles with Lewis Hamilton. One incident, in Brazil, saw the Red Bull man force his Mercedes counterpart off the track. Then, in Saudi Arabia, Verstappen also damaged Hamilton's front wing while trying to let the Briton pass him. Following this race, Sky Sports F1 commentator Martin Brundle described Verstappen's style as "too much". READ MORE: Valtteri Bottas fires Lewis Hamilton warning to Verstappen and Leclerc But this season, the Dutchman has rarely found himself making contact with other cars, with many pundits suggesting he has toned down his driving style in 2022. Even when he was side-by-side with Charles Leclerc at the start of the season, the racing was clean. Verstappen was asked recently whether he has adapted his driving to avoid crashes. He explained that, due to the new regulations in F1, following behind cars is better, therefore making it easier to race cleanly. He said: “I think the last few years, the focus was a lot on qualifying because at some tracks it was super-hard to follow. “The cars just got a bit uncontrollable when you got really close, unless you had a big pace advantage or tyre advantage. “Now, at least you know even if your qualifying wasn’t great, there is a chance you pass them anyway in the race if you have good race pace. That’s nice.” DON'T MISSMercedes director 'crossing fingers' after being stunned by Verstappen [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes 'scared' comment after Ferrari discovery [ANALYSIS]Hamilton and Schumacher may be set to lose F1 records to Verstappen [INSIGHT] He also hinted that he has changed his approach because of the competitors who are now alongside him on track. Verstappen added: “Of course, every year is different anyway, in terms of who you are fighting, or a team you are fighting. “But these cars are… yeah, a lot more enjoyable to battle with. And I hope now, in the coming years, with the regulations stabilising a bit, it will only get better and just in general that everyone gets a better understanding. “So then all the teams can close up a little bit more, so you have more cars battling at the front. "Basically, a bit of what we saw in Hungary. Of course, we were a bit out of position so we had to move forward, but at least there were three teams effectively battling for the win.”