Olly Murs, 38, will return to our screens this evening as a judge on the new series of The Voice UK alongside Anne Marie, Tom Jones and will.i.am. As Olly shot to fame in 2009 on the X Factor, the A-lister erupted into a bitter feud with his twin brother after he was unable to make his wedding due to the show's commitments. Olly's rift began with his twin brother, Ben Hart, after the Thinking of Me hitmaker was unable to make his brother's wedding in 2009. The Voice UK judge had X Factor commitments to honour as he was due to perform in the live semi-finals. Olly recently broke his silence on the 13-year rift when he was asked if he had spoken to his brother at all since. He replied: "No, we haven’t spoken. It’s just the same. READ MORE: Bill Turnbull and former BBC Breakfast host dies aged 66 "I would have [reached out to him over lockdown] but I don’t have an address for him. "I don’t have a way to contact him and he doesn’t have contact with me", Olly told The Sun earlier this year. Olly has previously shared his desire to reconnect with Ben as he got emotional seeing two twins perform together on The Voice in 2020. The X Factor runner up got emotional when twins Katie and Aofie performed together, as they reminded him of his relationship with his own twin brother. However, Ben has shown no sign of wanting to reconnect with Olly, regularly denouncing him over the years. In an interview with the now-defunct News of the World a year after his wedding, Ben said he never wanted to speak to Olly again. He explained: "Something was missing and that was Olly. "It's clear people like Simon Cowell are more important to him than me. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [OPINION] Helen Skelton struggles with 'feral' kids after Richie Myler split [INSIGHT] Ageless Julianne Moore, 61, dares to bare with VERY plunging neckline [PICS] "He's a self-absorbed sell-out. Our family was torn apart because of The X Factor. "Things have got to the point where if I have children, I don't even want Olly to meet them. "I watch my brother - the same person I shared a womb with - on TV now and it's like I don't even know who he is." Ben also further commented on the rift in 2017, after his mother Vickylynn Murs admitted she was left seriously ill and on the verge of a breakdown due to the family split. He told The Daily Mail at the time: "I was very close to my parents, but fame and greed changed everything." Meanwhile, Vickylynn told The Sunday Times about the rift: "It was such a shock it made me ill. I even thought I had MS – I had to use a walking stick because my legs were so weak. I also couldn’t work. I was on the verge of a breakdown. "I’m much better now but my heart is broken. Ben’s broken my heart, and his dad’s, but I will not hear anything against him, I don’t think he understands what he’s done. "I’ll go on loving him and sticking up for him until I die." You can watch Olly Murs on The Voice UK tonight at 8pm on ITV One