In a rare in-depth interview with The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex allowed journalist Allison P. Davies a peak behind the curtain, taking her on a school pick-up to collect her three-year-old son. When arriving at the preschool, Ms Davies said the youngster was "so excited" to see Meghan that he kept repeating “Momma, Momma, Momma”. He then ran towards her and she picked him up, giving him a big hug. In her article, Ms Davies recalled the car journey back to Meghan and Harry's Montecito mansion. The Duchess asked Archie questions to gauge how his day at school had been and if he had eaten his sandwich at lunch.  Davies wrote: "We assess if he had a good day at school via an update letter from his teacher (he did and is ready for full days) and try to find out if he ate his sandwich at lunch (he did not). "We solve the question of the mid-morning shirt change (they played in the water table)." During the exchange, Archie asked: “Why are you afraid of heights like an aeroplane?” The remark is the youngster's response to having eaten one of the granola bars from the kits of bottled water and snacks that Meghan carries around in her vehicle to hand out to the needy. READ MORE: Eugenie's 16th birthday was a 'drunken rave' at Sunninghill Park During the journey, Meghan stopped off at a red traffic light and produced a backpack, which contained water, peanut-butter crackers and granola bars. She then passed it to a member of her security team to give to a homeless person, Davies wrote. Meghan explained that the kits were made by the children at Archie's school. “I ate one!”, he told the two women.  Earlier in the conversation, Meghan had spoken to Davies about her worries if Archie had gone to school in the UK. She said she would have never been able to do the school pick-up and drop-off if Archie were in school in the UK without "a press pen of 40 people snapping pictures”. Meghan said this doesn't make her "obsessed with privacy" but rather just a "strong and good parent". 