Last week Henderson responded to Lineker who’d posted to his 8.5m followers a tweet which said: “ As a politician how could you ever, under any circumstances, bring yourself to vote for pumping sewage into the sea” And while many would agree with the sentiment of that statement it’s not what Mr Henderson was angry about. He was angry that Lineker wasn’t being impartial by tweeting his political views. He responded by saying: “ Do you have the freedom to tweet about this sort of thing because you have a different contract to mine? I’d get sacked if I did.” The arrogant champagne socialist Lineker, who clearly feels untouchable in his £1.35m- a- year ivory tower at the BBC responded by saying the impartiality rules didn’t apply to him as he doesn’t he doesn’t work in news or current affairs. This is despite the fact he regularly tweets about news and current affairs. So how does that fit in with the BBC’s impartiality obligations? And how does Lineker keep getting away with these blatant transgressions? Are Beeb bosses so weasley, so scared of this "political commentator”(I’m laughing even as I write that phrase ) that they dare not admonish him? Are they afraid he’ll walk out? Because I’m wondering how many viewers would care if he actually did. I’m sorry it doesn’t take Brain of Britain to present a football show and there are dozens of clever, witty, well informed football commentators who could host a football show every bit as well as Lineker who would cost a lot less.. and not fancy themselves perhaps quite as much as he does. When the BBC’s current boss Tim Davie took the job back in 2020 he said: “If you want to be an opinionated columnist or partisan campaigner on social media then that is a valid choice but you should not be working at the BBC.” So what happened to that then? Why isn’t Davie telling Lineker to button it – or shove off? Who cares if he doesn’t work in current affairs? It’s not an excuse for breaking impartiality rules. And maybe if he did his views would be more informed, more balanced, less facile and he wouldn’t come across as a two bob politico trying to sound intelligent. And the argument that he’s freelance not staff doesn’t wash either. Whatever he is he represents the BBC on screen and as such should be forced to follow their impartiality rules. It’s Lineker who should have been told off over this episode not Henderson who was simply telling the truth - that what Lineker says breaks the rules. Henderson didn’t break any rules but he did commit the cardinal sin of upsetting Gaz. So, now he’s been forced into this humiliating apology: “ I’d like to apologise for earlier tweets. I should have shown more consideration to a BBC colleague.” Sorry, but what about Tim Davie’s words? And what the Hell is the BBC doing siding with Lineker over a journalist who was pointing out that everyone should have to follow the rules – Lineker included. Whoever made Henderson apologise should be sacked because they don’t understand the ethos of the company they work for. Or are they one of those people (maybe there’s more than behind this travesty) who think it’s their place to trash the rules that govern the state broadcaster? Is it their goal to just ignore impartiality rules? Because judging by some of the bias in news reports you could be forgiven for thinking that’s’ exactly what they’re doing. But if they are - they’re exactly the people Tim Davie says should shove off because they have no place at the BBC. But doesn’t this show that whatever Davie set out to do at the Beeb it isn’t working because the twisted mindset that reigned before he came still runs through the workforce like lettering through a stick of rock. And why this kowtowing to an arrogant ex-footballer who’d be torn apart if he had to face a panel of political journalists - journalists like Neil Henderson. But instead of castigating Lineker for saying publicly he was immune to impartiality rules they’ve forced Henderson to apologise. Imagine the self- satisfied smirk on Lineker’s face when he read that apology.   It's no wonder Lineker thinks he’s invincible and can do what the Hell he likes. Every weasley BBC boss has made it clear that he can. They’ve created a monster whose gigantic ego they have to keep fanning. All Henderson did was stress the importance of the impartiality rules “the BBC lives and dies by. “ He then added - “ and if you can’t abide by it - get off it.” Pretty much what Tim Davie said back in 2020. Yet in 2022 he has to apologise for it. If Lineker thinks he’s such a political hotshot why doesn’t he get himself onto some political shows and debates with people who actually know what they’re talking about. There are lots of programmes and channels that would give him a shot. So, why hasn’t he done that I wonder? Or is he worried he might be exposed? Neil Henderson should have had a pay rise not a b*llocking for what he said to Lineker because he’s the one following the rules - Lineker is not. If only the people who forced Mr Henderson to apologise had a fraction of his guts and his moral fibre the BBC wouldn’t be in the mess it’s currently in. 