Gary Neville has been referred to the Attorney General for potential contempt of court following a comment he made during former Manchester United team-mate Ryan Giggs’ trial. Neville denies that the statement in question was made in reference to the trial. However, the 47-year-old has been referred to the Attorney General by Judge Hillary Manley after “the prosecution brought to my attention” the comment. She added: “Both the prosecution and defence agreed with me, in the absence of any comment from the jury, and given my clear direction, the trial could properly continue. “However, given the author is a person with a high public profile (the comment) could be seen to be an attempt to influence ongoing criminal proceedings and could be contempt of court. “Accordingly, I am referring the matter to the office of the Attorney General for the consideration of a potential investigation.” JUST IN: Man Utd boss Ten Hag ‘has lost no De Jong enthusiasm’ as clock ticks Contempt of court is punishable by a fine or up to two years in prison. The jury in the trial of former Man Utd winger Giggs was discharged on Wednesday. They had failed to reach a verdict on all three charges against the 48-year-old. Giggs stood accused of causing actual bodily harm to and using controlling or coercive behaviour against former partner Emma Greville, 38. He was also accused of assaulting Greville’s sister, Kate, 26. The allegations took place over a three-year period between 2017 and 2020. Giggs denied all three charges against him. DON'T MISS...Transfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League moveRonaldo 'has offer on the table to leave Man Utd' on deadline dayMan Utd have condition to re-sign Depay on transfer deadline day The 12-member jury was sent out to deliberate their verdict on Tuesday 23 August before one juror was taken ill. Judge Hilary Manley then gave a majority direction yesterday and would accept verdicts so long as 10 of the 11 jurors agreed. After deliberating for 22 hours and 59 minutes, the jury of seven women and four men announced they were unable to agree on verdicts for any of the charges against Giggs. Judge Manley had asked if a majority of 10 to one had been agreed on any counts, to which the foreman of the jury answered: "No." The Crown Prosecution Service has seven days to decide whether to apply for a retrial, which would not take place until at least June 2023.