According to the Met Office, the coming week will have an unsettled theme as low pressure will sit to the southwest maintaining a feed of warm and moist air from the Continent. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist, Jason Kelly said: “Whilst we are confident that low pressure will dominate the weather well into next week, the day-to-day forecast is not certain at this stage.  “But more generally, each day there will be a risk of showers or longer spells of rain for many areas of the country. “It is likely that more prolonged showers will bring a risk of thunderstorms too and in some areas, most likely in the southwest, rainfall totals will build through the week.” Temperatures are expected to continue to remain above average, with many areas in the low 20s Celsius by day and the mid-teens by night. According to weather experts, most of the rain this weekend will affect western Britain and Northern Ireland.  It will be heavy and at times, thundery. Jo Farrow, a metrologist with NetWeather.tv said: “There will be clusters of heavy showers dotted over Britain with increasing cloud. “Many areas will miss these and have a fair and warm weekend.” Meanwhile, on Saturday, rain will be persistent in Northern Ireland and western Scotland, where there is a warning in force.  READ MORE: Parking row explodes as vigilante paints double yellow lines on road "Further east, there will be some showers, but not for everyone. Met Office forecaster, Alex Deakin added: “Low pressure will dominate through the weekend and into next week, and churning around this low pressure we're going to see slow moving weather fronts. “A few showers over parts of eastern England, they could be quite lively." On Sunday, rain or showers, with a risk of thunderstorms, will push further east into southwestern parts of the UK as well as eastern Scotland, accompanied by stronger winds.  DON'T MISS:Princess Mary transforms gown into casual dressRussian banks lose £21bn following sanctionsStarmer favourite for PM over Tory candidates Eastern England and the Northern Isles will remain drier at first, but rain is more likely by the evening. Although the weather is becoming more autumnal, windier and wetter, this weekend temperatures will remain above average for many areas and it will feel warm in the sunshine. 