Ofgem has confirmed the energy price cap will rise in October, with households to face an average annual bill of £3,549. Analysts at the Resolution Foundation said typical energy costs during the winter months will be three times higher than last year, reaching £500 a month. Energy bills in January alone could hit £714, potentially taking up half of a person’s disposable income and leaving them unable to pay their balance. Ava Kelly, energy saving expert at Love Energy Savings, warned that energy poverty could hit many Britons. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, she said: "Energy debt is a reality many are facing this year, as energy prices have hit an all time high due to fluctuating oil prices. “MPs have warned that millions of people who have never previously been in debt are likely to find themselves in debt for the first time due to energy bills. “A £15billion support package for bill payers was announced in May, however energy prices have continued to climb since then, and it is likely that the help already announced will not be enough to avoid widespread energy poverty across the UK.” READ MORE: Save £110 in 4 minutes - simple bathroom trick slashes household bills Government support to help struggling Britons includes a £400 discount on the energy bills of all UK households. The discount will be applied by energy suppliers across the six coldest months of the year, starting in October. People on low incomes, including claimants of Universal Credit and Tax Credits, are also receiving a £650 one-off payment to help with the cost of living. However, many Britons feel the hike in energy prices is excessive and have pledged not to pay their bills in protest. More than 100,000 people have signed up to the Don’t Pay UK campaign, pledging to cancel their direct debit payments. DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT] Ms Kelly urged people to continue with their payments as refusing to pay for energy could harm a person’s future financial prospects. She said stopping paying an energy bill "isn't an option", as with the 'Don't Pay UK' initiative. She warned: “This will only see greater arrears build up, and energy suppliers are likely to commence legal action against the individuals refusing or unable to pay. “This in turn will destroy credit scores, and could lead to you being unable to borrow in the future, for example getting a mortgage. “If you're struggling to pay your bill, reach out to your supplier to come up with a manageable amount you can afford. READ MORE: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 “They are obliged to take into account your incomings and outgoings with any repayment plan." Becci Armstrong is managing director of Mersey Eco Grants, which install free insulation and other energy efficiency measures in people’s home. She said many of the people they provide services for are already considered in fuel poverty and are worried about going into energy debt. She told Express.co.uk: “They don’t know how they’ll keep their house warm, they don’t know where the money’s going to come from. “The conversations we have are ‘I literally won’t be able to afford to put my heating on in the winter’. “They’re worried how they’re going to be able to afford not just to pay their heating, but also for their food, how they’re going to afford to travel into work.” She urged people who are struggling to pay their bills to reach out for support from energy suppliers and other groups. She said: “The energy companies are preparing themselves and have got plans in place for people that are really struggling. “Anybody with health issues, where the cold affects their illness, can contact Citizen’s Advice and their energy supplier. “There’s certain people who are considered vulnerable, where the energy companies would not cut off their supply. “If somebody has a family with children under the age of 16 or certain health conditions, their energy can’t be cut off, but they need to communicate with their energy company.”