You will have to be firm with someone who has been demanding too much from you recently. Once they realise they have overstepped the mark they will change their ways. A relationship or friendship that hasn’t been easy will take on a happier direction much to your relief. Love is in the air. This is a great time to set a wedding date or to make long-term commitments with someone you love. Whatever you and a partner begin now, it is likely to carry on and last for a long time to come. Your home will be the centre of neighbourhood entertainment this evening. You aren’t exactly finding financial pressures are easing but you are finding ways to get money matters under control. You may, for instance, be offered a good price for something that’s of no use to you anymore. Sticking to a new budget seems to be working.  New goals keep you focused. You are starting to realise that the sense of security you have been searching for will come through finding inner balance. You’re dealing with insecurities, eliminating them from your life and making more room for fresh ideas and attitudes. You won’t like methods suggested by someone who doesn’t always stick to the rules. This will be a means to an end and currently you need to feel you are doing something useful. Legal and financial loopholes get in the way of your carefully laid plans but you will find a way around most problems. Drawing on personal skills to improve work you do for a charity or a community effort will attract positive feedback. In addition to this your willingness to use your initiative will be gratefully received in the workplace and all this positive activity will add to your upward mobility.  You want to make it up to someone who feels you have been neglecting them. You need them to know you care but sudden shows of affection might have the opposite reaction when all this does is arouse their suspicions. Show them a little tender loving care without seeming overly keen to please them. You might have to cut back on some social or travel plans for financial reasons but you aren’t going to let this bother you too much. You don’t have to spend a lot of money to have fun and some wonderful things are starting to happen in your life and relationships. Someone needs to know the truth. You might have kept something a secret a short while longer but if you are asked to give your views, you will be candid. This is likely to generate some tension when your response isn’t the one they hoped to hear. Even so, honesty will be the best policy.  Changes you were told were necessary now suddenly seem somewhat extreme. You had accepted some plans because you trusted the people making them. Now you aren’t sure who to trust, who to believe and what to do for the best. Be guided by your intuition. It’s hard to keep a balance between optimism and caution but you are handling a situation really well. You won’t build your hopes up too high and will take a realistic view to plans currently being made. As well as being aware of the possible pitfalls ahead you know this could have amazing consequences if it goes as you are all hoping. You like to be of help to others and this will come over very strongly in a meeting or interview. Your courteous and pleasant disposition is making a good impression. Where you should be sure not to get involved in other people’s problems is when a friend asks for advice about their love life. 