Jermani Thompson, 26, was killed when her hair became tangled in a belt loader at a New Orleans airport on Tuesday night, according to Fox News. Ms Thompson, who worked as a baggage handler, was unloading bags from a Frontier Airlines plane on the tarmac when her hair got caught in a belt loader at around 10pm.  Ms Thompson was employed by GAT Airline Ground Support.She was rushed to a local hospital but was later pronounced dead. The freak accident led to Frontier Airlines cancelling a flight on Wednesday. Her tragic death has led to a number of condolences from the aviation companies involved.  "The Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport extends its sincere condolences to her family and friends, and also to our partners at GAT and Frontier Airlines," the airport's Director of Aviation Kevin Dolliole told Fox News Digital. "Jermani was a part of our Airport family, and we will continue to support one another in any way we can during this trying time," Mr Dolliole added. "We extend our deepest condolences following the tragic death of a member of our ground handling business partner," a Frontier Airlines spokesperson said in the wake of the tragic accident. "Our thoughts are with her family and loved ones during this difficult time."  READ MORE: UK driver warning about £5,000 fine for taking pet in car Ms Thompson was remembered by friends and family for being a hard worker and big basketball fan. She played the sport while studying at Hesston College and Tougaloo College. Her mother said: "She was a basketball guru, [she'd] do anything you ask her to do. "I just can’t believe it, you know, my only daughter is gone.  DON'T MISS:Europe faces nuclear meltdown: Power plant bombs spark emergency [INSIGHT]Putin's botched Dugin assassination plot: 'All hallmarks of execution' [COMMENT]Ukraine LIVE: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed [LIVE] "I don’t believe it. It’s like, she just told me, ‘I'll see you when I come back'" She also told New Orleans news website NOLA: "She was my baby girl. Everybody loved her. "I'm just lost for words. I can't even think." 