Knowing how to get stains out of duvets doesn't come naturally like other soft clothes. Thanks to their size, thickness, and texture, the cleaning approach for duvets require more technicality as different duvets come with specific washing instructions. It might seem like it's near impossible to remove stains on your duvet as they are large and more stressful to clean, but, by following the proper cleaning method, your duvets will be spotless. Experts at Sleepseeker have shared handy tips on how yellow stains are formed and how to carry out an effective wash. The cleaning pros said: “It's normal for your duvet to turn yellow over time, especially if it's white or in a light shade. Duvets absorb whatever liquids come in contact with them. “The yellow stains of duvets result from body liquids and sweat. Lotion and creams can also contribute to the yellowish colour.” The most frustrating thing about yellow stains is how difficult it is to remove them. Even with bleach, it may be a challenging endeavour. Wrapping yourself in a freshly washed luxury duvet is one of the best feelings in the world. The comfort is unrivalled. But, if those yellow stains persist, the cleaning isn't complete. READ MORE: ‘Best way’ to give your washing machine an ‘intensive’ clean The experts advised using white vinegar to combat the yellow stains, but can also help to neutralise any foul odours. They said: “For yellow stains on your duvet. white vinegar can come to the rescue. Beyond yellow stains, white vinegar also works magic with effectively removing blood and brown stains. “If there's a foul odour coming from your duvet, white vinegar can neutralise the scent.” To use this method, apply white vinegar directly to the target area to dissolve a stain. You can also soak the duvet in vinegar for about 30 minutes. Then, use cold water to rinse the duvet. DON'T MISS: ‘Tried and true’ methods to deter pigeons from gardens ‘for good’ [EXPERT]‘Very effective’ DIY methods to get rid of ants in your garden [TIPS]Five household areas to avoid cleaning with white vinegar [INSIGHT] Repeat the process a few more times till the stain completely disappears. Once the stain is off the duvet, wash it with detergent again to remove the smell of white vinegar. The cleaning gurus warned: “From start to finish, using white vinegar to get stains out of a duvet takes time. However, the sparkling results are well worth it.” For those who do not have white vinegar stored away in their cupboards, the experts suggested using washing up liquid. They said: “Using washing up liquid when dealing with stains is a no-brainer. You shouldn't go for harsh chemicals when dealing with duvet stains, except if you want to buy new bedding. “Start by applying the liquid detergent directly to the stained area, after you've checked the specific cleaning instructions on the duvet. Ensure the manufacturer doesn't warn against the product or any of its constituents. READ MORE: ‘Best’ method to wash black and white clothes to stop colours running “If you can afford it, it's best to add the washing up liquid to a water bowl while dealing with more significant stains. Next, soak the duvet in it for a long while. “Then, with clean feet, walk on the duvet. Walking on the duvet creates a mechanical motion that facilitates the lifting of stains off the surface of clothing.” When stains appear many homeowners may think that washing their duvet with bleach may seem like an obvious choice. However, the long-term effect on your duvet can be “damaging”, according to the experts. They said: “When you buy a duvet, you want it to stay in good condition for a long time. Bleach can defeat that purpose. Bleach has harsh chemical properties that can affect the natural fibres in your duvet. Consequently, using it will cause your duvet to fade after a while. “Rather than having to resort to bleach stain removal, wash your duvet frequently. Even if you have to deal with stains, you'll be able to remove them with white vinegar.” To reduce the amount of dirt accumulated on your duvet, it is best to wash them regularly. The experts said: “You shouldn't have to use the duvet for several months before washing it. Prolonged usage before washing only makes the cleaning process harder. In addition, stains will be more difficult to remove after a long time. “Wash your duvet monthly or bi-monthly, if you can. The ideal scenario is to have a few duvets you can wash and rotate periodically.” When it comes to the temperature to wash duvets, the cleaning pros recommended washing them at 60 degrees. They explained: “It's the perfect temperature to wash your duvet because dust mites die at this temperature. Washing your duvet at high temperatures can make it shrink. If you're in doubt, check the label for precise instructions.”