The Queen has worn same the same style of shoes for 50 years, plus there are special staff to look after them. This includes even having someone to wear in Her Majesty's shoes. When it comes to working at the palace, fans may have assumed the jobs on offer are glamorous, but that isn't always the case.  While there are hundreds of positions on offer, from cleaners to footmen, there is a job that comes with the highest level of respect. This is because it sees you working closely with the monarch. This unique position requires the employee to have the same foot size as the Queen, as they will be wearing in her new shoes so they are comfortable. One of the most bizarre roles that a footman or a group of footmen at the palace have is to look after the everyday care of the Queen’s shoes. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle  They are reported to be responsible for getting hold of the monarch’s shoes once they’ve been worn. A designated footman will then air out the shoes on a shoe tree, before giving them a polish and storing them individually in silk or cotton drawstring bags. But the fact that the Queen's shoes have their own staff is not the most unusual story about them. Her Majesty has a member of staff to wear in her shoes so they are not uncomfortable.    Angela Kelly, the Queen's trusted dresser and close friend, revealed the story in her 2019 book, 'The Other Side of the Coin: The Queen, the Dresser and the Wardrobe'. In an interview with People, Ms Kelly wrote: “As has been reported a lot in the press, a flunky wears in Her Majesty’s shoes to ensure that they are comfortable and that she is always good to go, and yes, I am that flunky.”  One of the Queen's shoemakers once noted: “We supply one or two pairs a year and occasionally renew the tops and re-heel them. "The Queen doesn’t waste money.” Her Majesty's shoes are made from calf leather and moulded from a wooden cast of the Queen's foot.  Once a shoe is made, it is taken for a final fitting and any adjustments are made. In 1997, a Royal Warrant by the Queen Mother was granted to Anello & Davide. Then in 2001, a Royal Warrant by Queen Elizabeth was granted.  Anello & Davide was founded in 1922 and is now based in Covent Garden, London.