The politician appeared on GB News on Wednesday evening to assess Mr Johnson’s actions throughout his leadership. The mainly positive conclusions of the assessment come ahead of the announcement next week of the new Conservative Party leader and Prime Minister. While the PM’s demise consisted of Partygate revelations and tit-for-tat spats ending in Boris being abandoned by the majority of his Cabinet, there will be highlights taken away from his leadership spanning three-years. Among Brexiteers and fed-up members of the public, Mr Johnson will continue to be heralded for finally “getting Brexit done”. However, Ms Widdecombe gave Boris “six out of ten” for his performance with Brexit saying, “yes, he got Brexit done but it was a complete muddle”. The politician noted the continuing issues surrounding Northern Ireland in relation to Brexit negotiations which have now been left to Boris’ successor. Despite the botched job and continuing fall out of Brexit, Mr Johnson will always be credited with giving Brits what they voted for. Boris has also been praised internationally for his support of Ukraine and his vocal condemnation of President Putin’s actions. Ms Widdecombe called the Prime Minister “fearless and faithful” in his response to Ukraine. She told Mr Wootton: “He has been absolutely fearless and faithful in making sure that Ukraine has been able to fight Russia. She added: “I think that when future historians look back, they will see the British intervention as very, very significant.” READ MORE:  British volunteer medic killed in Ukraine However, according to Ms Widdecombe, it is his handling of the vaccine rollout during the Coronavirus pandemic which is the highlight of his career, though she did criticise his lockdown policies. Speaking to GB News host Dan Wootton, Ms Widdecombe said: “There’s no doubt at all that [the vaccine rollout] was Boris at his best. “That was the buccaneering Boris, he ordered huge quantities of the vaccine before it had even been approved never mind before it had been produced. Vast quantities of it.” DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: 'Run or die' Kyiv issues chilling threat to Russia (LIVE)Truss vs Sunak: Who should be our next Prime Minister? VOTE HERE (POLL)'Sadiq Khan is anti everything!' Liz Truss tears into London Mayor  (INSIGHT) She added that his actions “made the rest of Europe extremely jealous" and "gave us a head start in protecting our population against Covid". Ms Widdecombe concluded: “So, yes on that score I think any genuinely independent observer would give ten [out of ten] for the vaccines.” The politician concluded the segment by expressing her view that she wished she could see Mr Johnson “trying for another couple of years” and blamed those on the backbench for “panicking themselves into getting rid of him”.