In the one-off special, the Line of Duty star will take Ralph McClure from his home in Nottingham back to the beaches of France. The show, titled Vicky McClure: My Grandad’s War, will also see the Bafta winner reunite the 97 year old with surviving friends from his service during the Second World War. Ralph will show his granddaughter the ropes aboard the last remaining landing craft from the conflict. Vicky, 39, said: “My grandad is a real character and I can’t wait for everyone to meet him. He’s a legend in my eyes and what he achieved in the Royal Navy should be celebrated. “This programme gave me an opportunity to spend time with him, learn from him and get a real glimpse into the courageous events of the Normandy landings.” Tom Giles, ITV controller of current affairs, said: “This film is a very candid journey with one of the last surviving Second World War heroes alongside his granddaughter, who happens to be one of the country’s leading actors. “Vicky will guide viewers through this very touching and poignant special, helping us understand the magnitude of one of the most dangerous expeditions of the war.” The show is being made in conjunction with the Build Your Own Films production company which Vicky runs with her partner Jonny Owen, 51. It is likely to air next year.  Jonny added: “A generation of people who fought for our freedom are leaving us now and it’s essential we understand their sacrifice and how important it was so that we can live the lives we live today. “Vicky’s grandad Ralph has become a dear friend and I’ve listened to him for hours telling me how as a teenager he was part of one of the most important moments in human history.” Nottingham-born Vicky shot to fame after appearing in Shane Meadows’s 2006 film This Is England. She is best known for her role as Detective Inspector Kate Fleming in the smash-hit BBC police corruption show Line of Duty. Fans are desperate for a seventh series of the thriller to be penned by writer Jed Mercurio despite the sixth series ending with the mysterious “H” finally being exposed as rogue officer Ian Buckells. Co-star Adrian Dunbar, who plays Ted Hastings in the show, recently teased that he’s “hoping something might happen next year” that will see the drama return to the screen – either big or small. Speaking to Radio Times magazine, Adrian said that he would “really like to” return to the award-winning thriller. He said: “There’s been talk about a movie or a four-parter or two 90 minutes. We’d love to do it again. I’m really hoping something might happen next year.” 