John Torode, 57, met his now-wife Lisa Faulkner, 50, in 2010 when she won Celebrity MasterChef. The celebrity chef has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about why his relationship with Lisa works so well, admitting that it helps that she's "quite attractive". John and Lisa are not shy of working together, having secured many joint cooking shows in recent years, including ITV's John and Lisa's Weekend Kitchen. The pair married in 2019, following their engagement at the end of 2018 - and their relationship appears to be going from strength to strength. Express.co.uk asked John about his working relationship with his wife and how they keep their romance alive. John replied: "We do very different things at different times, so we are not always together and we’re not always home. READ MORE: Bill Turnbull and former BBC Breakfast host dies aged 66 "I’ve even been away a few days this week and I only got back yesterday. "So you know, I’m in the house for a couple of hours and then I disappear and when she has stuff on we probably won’t see each other all weekend." John then shared a personal insight into what he thinks helps their relationship run so smoothly. He admitted to Express.co.uk: "So, you know, when it actually comes to working together, it's actually really nice. "Oh, yeah. It helps because we like each other which is good and she's quite attractive, you know? "We bounce off each other really nicely. You know I'm the chef and trained as a chef. "She's a cook who observes her trade at home and she's of course, after being on MasterChef, gone into professional kitchens but she's really good at taking the confusion and making it accessible and just making it a little bit easier." John is currently on our TVs every Thursday on Celebrity MasterChef alongside his colleague and close friend Gregg Wallace. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [OPINION] Brian May calls for help from fans after 'crushing' loss of musician [COMMENT] Piers Morgan's wife Celia shares fear after marriage 'sabbatical' [RELATIONSHIP] John actually met in 1993 when Gregg was John's fruit and vegetable supplier at Sydney Street restaurant, prior to MasterChef's first series in 2005. Speaking about their offscreen friendship, John revealed: "We have an amazing relationship whereby we sort of chat to each other by text but we don’t really hang out together. "One of the great things about working with somebody like that as you do have a different life is we've got a different opinion on everything, and we do have different opinions on everything." John has been partnered with Ninja Kitchen for the past couple of months, with the chef ectatic about the partnership. He said: "You may just think it’s just a saucepan or pan, or whatever it may be. But I have to tell you, it’s been gifted to everybody in my family since I have started working with them. "You know as somebody who has been cooking for years and years, when you find something great, you just hold on to it. It sits in the kitchen and becomes part of the furniture. "I don’t work with people unless I think they’re really cool. They are great, so versatile and you don’t need to have that many pieces." For more information please visit Ninja Kitchen (ninjakitchen.co.uk). You can watch John Torode on Celebrity MasterChef at 8pm on BBC One