Episode 3 of House of the Dragon will be dropping tomorrow (Sunday, September 4) on HBO at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. The show will also be simulcast across the globe on various broadcasters and local streaming services, which will vary depending on your geographical location and the subscription plan you’ve opted for. In America HBO is the place to watch House of the Dragon in America with the network’s streaming service HBO Max setting you back $14.99 per month for a subscription. HBO Max allows you yo watch on various devices including mobile phones and tablets as well as on catch up if you miss the initial broadcast. Along with House of the Dragon, you can re-watch Game of Thrones and many other films and television shows such as The Wire, Westworld and Euphoria. The streaming platform is also home to HBO Originals such as Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin, The Sex Lives of College Girls, Tokyo Vice, and The Staircase. READ MORE: House of the Dragon spoilers: The link between Rhaenyra and Daenerys In the UK House of the Dragon will be available to watch on Sky Atlantic from 2am British Summer Time (BST) on September 5 - the same time as in America. Episode three will then be repeated at 9pm BST on the same day on Sky Atlantic for viewers who weren’t able to stay up. In Britain, you either need a Sky membership to watch House of the Dragon with packages starting from £26 per month. Or need to be a subscriber to streaming platform NOW with an Entertainment Membership, which costs £9.99 on a monthly basis. You can either watch episode three live on NOW when it airs on Sky Atlantic at 2am and 9pm, alternatively, you can view it on catch-up. NOW has a download function which allows you to see content on the go without a live internet connection. House of the Dragon can either be watched on a phone, smart television, laptop, and other devices. All episodes of House of the Dragon can be watched on NOW - in case you want to revisit an old episode. HBO has dropped a short teaser for the next episode which sees Viserys Targaryen (played by Paddy Considine) already siring an heir with his new wife Alicent Hightower (Emma Carey). In episode two Viserys declared his intentions to marry Alicent after setting aside other potential wives including 12-year-old Laena Velaryon (Nova Foueillis-Mosé). Alicent gives birth to a son she names Aegon and once again the line of succession is brought into question with the new queen wanting her son to become heir to the Iron Throne over Rhaenyra Targaryen (Milly Alcock). Otto Hightower (Rhys Ifans) assures his daughter Aegon will be king rather than Rhaenyra as he continues his machinations. DON'T MISS...Velaryon House: Who is in House Velaryon? [EXPLAINER]Who is the Crabfeeder? House of the Dragon villain explained [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon spoilers: How does Viserys die? [IN DEPTH] Viserys, too, will be putting pressure on Rhaenyra to find a suitable husband and have children of her own, a prospect she loathes. Father and daughter get into a heated argument as she says: “I do not wish to get married!” He yells at her: “Even I do not exist above tradition and duty, Rhaenyra!” With her back against a wall, Rhaenyra flees and puts herself in grave danger with an unknown figure stumbling across her. Meanwhile, Prince Daemon (Matt Smith) and Corlys Velaryon (Steve Toussaint) are losing the Wars for the Stepstones again Craghas ‘The Crabfeeder’ Drahar (Daniel Scott-Smith) gains ground. House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and streams on NOW