The DWP has set up a claim form to help people over 60 access the support, which can be completed online, or downloaded and posted to the Pension Service. The benefit tops up a person's income who is over state pension age, to help them with daily living costs. People may want to alert family members to the benefit and the application process. The DWP recently said in a tweet: "Could someone in your family be eligible for and missing out on #PensionCredit? Talk to them about checking their eligibility online today or call 0800 99 1234." Pension Credit is a means tested benefit split into two parts, with people able to apply for both sections of funding. The first part is known as ‘guarantee credit’, which is the main segment of Pension Credit, giving a person a top up to their weekly income to a minimum guaranteed level. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes   At present, the minimum standard guarantee level is £182.60 a week for single people, and £278.70 for couples. Some individuals can also apply for ‘savings credit’ if they reached state pension age before April 2016 and they have money saved for their retirement. This will add an extra £14.48 per week for singles and £16.20 if for couples. A single person must earn above £158.47 a week to claim this support, and above £251.70 for couples. To claim this element of Pension Credit, the claimant must also have made provisions for their retirement through savings, work or a private pension. DON'T MISS:Thrifty traveller shares tips to enjoy foreign holidays every MONTH [EXPLAINED]Woman's attempt at 'healthy' roast in air fryer leaves her surprised [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How much does it cost to charge phones and laptops? [ANALYSIS] Claiming Pension Credit provides access to other financial support including Council Tax reductions and help with housing and mortgage payments. Claimants can also get discounted NHS treatments and free TV Licences for over 75s. The latest figures from the DWP indicate £1.7billion is being left unclaimed by around 850,000 pensioners across the UK. The DWP recently held an awareness day to encourage people to apply for Pension Credit, leading to a surge in applications, which the department struggled to process. READ MORE: Dad slashes £625 off energy bill by updating one ‘guzzling’ appliance  A statement from the DWP said: “We currently aim to process claims within approximately 35 days from receipt, although this time can vary if we have to seek additional information from a customer in support of their claim. “However, following the successful launch of our campaign to increase take up of Pension Credit, we have received an unprecedented number of claims, which means some claims are experiencing further delays but we are processing claims as quickly as possible. “All successful claims and arrears are paid accordingly to ensure no one misses out.” Paul Brennan, benefits expert at Benefit Answers, said more needs to be done to process the claims. He said: “There are claims made in June that may not be paid until the Autumn or even later - and then once you’ve been granted Pension Credit you have to try to secure the Cost of Living payment. “There are huge delays at a time when struggling households need financial support today, not months down the line. “Why encourage people to claim then not have the resources in place to cope with an increase in demand? “The Government 100 percent underestimated the likely response, and it shows how out of touch they are with the people who require their support.”