Journalist Allison P. Davis, who interviewed the Duchess of Sussex for her recent bombshell interview in The Cut, visited the couple's vast house. The royal pair have lived in the California home for over two years. Harry and Meghan moved into the £11million mansion in July 2020 after stepping down from their working royal roles almost seven months earlier, in January 2020. Before moving, they lived in the royal residence of Frogmore Cottage which they still own after renewing the lease earlier this year. In the rare in-depth interview, Meghan gushed about the couple's luxury US home, which boasts nine bedrooms, 16 bathrooms, a tennis court and a guest house. The 18,000-square-foot residence is also located in the gated community of Santa Barbara.  It has a pool and a pool house, a chicken coop, and two palm trees joined together at the bottom - which Meghan said symbolises her marriage to Harry. She told interviewer Ms Davis that the opulent home makes her "feel free" and is "calm and healing". However, due to leaving the Firm, Meghan revealed her initial financial worries that they wouldn't be able to afford the luxury estate but they told the broker they were interested anyway. She said: "We did everything we could to get this house because you walk in and go … Joy. And exhale. And calm. It’s healing. You feel free.” READ MORE: Princess Diana's former bodyguard on what he thinks really killed her Since moving to the US, the pair have swapped their royal neighbours with famous faces such as Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres. Describing the house decor, Ms Davis said the couple share an office with a single desk placed in front of a fireplace with “two plush club chairs placed side by side … facing into the room like thrones". The plush living room also includes cosy chairs and rosewater candles from Soho House- founded by Nick Jones - who is a close friend of Meghan's. The couple's friend and famous actor Tyler Perry also gifted them with a grand piano, which is also located in the living room, according to Ms Davis.   In the article, she wrote: "The Montecito house is the kind of big that startles you into remembering that unimaginable wealth is actually someone’s daily reality." Before the Sussexes bought the property, it was listed on a rental platform which reveals more of the building's grand interior. It was previously called the Chateau of Riven Rock and was advertised online for event hire and shoots, reports Hello. The pictures show a huge wine cellar, a billiard room with authentic stone walls and a library with fitted cabinets and wooden beams on the ceiling. There is also an open-plan kitchen with two islands, and a grand chandelier in the dining area. 