Nick Kyrgios admitted that he was going through a "very stressful time" after booking his spot in the third round of the US Open. The 23rd seed received an unsportsmanlike conduct warning and complained about "marijuana" en route to a 7-6(3) 6-4 4-6 6-4 victory over Benjamin Bonzi. Kyrgios overcame something of a controversial match to reach the last 32 at the US Open for the first time since 2019. The 27-year-old called on the umpire to warn the crowd after he claimed he caught someone smoking "marijuana", prompting the chair official to ask the Louis Armstrong Stadium crowd to "refrain from smoking". He then received an unsportsmanline conduct warning for swearing at his box in an x-rated rant after getting broken at the end of the third set, having also spat on the court as he walked to his bench. But the Aussie recovered from an early break deficit in the fourth set to defeat the world No 50 in two hours and 56 minutes, and admitted after the match that he was going through a lot of stress with the extra expectation on his at this US Open. "I was literally hanging by a thread," he said in his on-court interview. "His level today was incredible, honestly. I was not expecting an absolute war, it could have gone either way." JUST IN: Dart helps Raducanu after British No 1 loses in US Open first round  The recent Wimbledon finalist also admitted that he was dealing with some extra tension this week as he added: "I'm just really happy to get through, you know, it’s been a very stressful time. Me and my team have high expectations to go deep this week so I’m just glad to get through." And Kyrgios elaborated on the extra pressures that came with his successful season. The 27-year-old won the doubles title at the Australian Open alongside Thanasi Kokkinakis before making his first Grand Slam singles final at Wimbledon. And he went on a nine-match winning streak afterwards, winning the singles title at the Citi Open as well as the doubles in both Atlanta and Washington. "Well it’s made life more stressful," he said of the best season of his career. "Every tournament I play now, I'm expecting to play amazing tennis every time." Despite admitting to the extra stress, Kyrgios admitted it was a good problem to have as he admitted he was playing his "best tennis". DON'T MISSAndy Murray ends six-year US Open wait with comeback win over NavaNadal 'furious' at hospital video leak of wife after pregnancy scareRoger Federer's former coach feels Emma Raducanu is in 'trouble'   He continued: "But I'd rather have that pressure and the expectation to go far, and I'mdefinitely feeling compared to last year my game has so much confidence and I’m playing the best tennis of my life, and that’s down to a lot of things but I'm happy." The world No 25 also explained how he had been spending his time away from the court in New York, as he claimed the city was "crazy" compared to his home of Canberra. "Just spending a lot of time with my girlfriend, my team. You know, we just hang out," he laughed. "Nah but you know, we’ve seen some broadway shows. There’s a lot to do in New York, it’s very different compared to where we live Down Under. It’s a crazy place, I don't know how anyone can live here, it’s nuts but it’s a lot of fun." Kyrgios still had his focus on the doubles though, as he is set to begin his campaign with Kokkinakis on Thursday. "Obviously gotta put the head down for some doubles again tomorrow so I just want to keep going," he added.