According to the NHS, about 95 percent of people aged 11 to 30 are affected by acne to some extent, and it is most common during their teenage years. Some people have acne on and off for several years before symptoms improve, and for many, by the time they reach adulthood, their skin has cleared up. Shauni Barr, 29, from Northamptonshire, struggled so severely with adult acne that she couldn’t look at herself in mirrors. She also avoided people she knew on the street, and wouldn’t let anyone see her without make-up. Shauni spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the skincare products she used to banish acne, and how in as little as one week, she started to notice a difference. Speaking about her acne skin, Shauni said: “The way my skin looked made me feel extremely self-conscious. It is all I thought about. “I would dread going to look in the mirror at the state of my face. I would not leave the house without make up and would avoid anyone I knew when I was out because I just knew they were looking at my skin. “If I went away anywhere with friends or my boyfriend, I would wake up earlier than everyone else so that I could go and put some make up on before they woke up. I didn’t look forward to going anywhere in the daytime because my skin would be on show. It consumed my life entirely. “I tried the duac cream prescribed by the doctor which temporarily helped with some of the spots, but would sting my skin, and also left with my such dry skin I was shedding like a snake. READ MORE: Royal with most expensive beauty regime named - costs £717 “I also tried antibiotics, the contraceptive pill, and multiple skincare brands but nothing would make my acne budge. “I was desperate at this point and scrolling through Instagram I came across Bedew Skin,” she explained. “I will admit I was initially sceptical about some of the reviews they were showing on their profile, but I loved that the founder Rachael was doing it all herself, meaning I could contact her directly for help and suggestions. "You don’t really get that with personal approach with other skincare brands. The fact she had been through the same skin issues as me and really knew how I felt gave me hope.” It took eight months for Shauni’s acne to clear up and she said she has “no words to explain how much Bedew Skin has changed [her] life and confidence”. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle has 'burning desire' to show real version of herself [COMMENT]Food storage hacks: How to keep berries mould-free for 2 weeks [EXPERT]How to clean pillows without washing - ‘Kills germs & bacteria!’ [GUIDE] “I am a brand-new person. I now leave the house with no make up for an entire day and my skin worries don’t even enter my head. I don’t even have to think about it,” she said. “People have asked me if I had Botox on my forehead because my skin looks so youthful and hydrated. “I could not recommend Bedew Skin enough. The fact that every single ingredient in this skincare range is accounted for is incredible. “Whilst it’s insanely effective for acne and problematic skin types, it’s not just for those. It’s for anyone who wants to bless their skin with hydration and nourishment, all our skin deserves it. It is the holy grail of skincare, and I will never be without it now. “I never thought there would be a day I was confident with my skin; Bedew Skin has changed my life entirely. I look in the mirror in disbelief sometimes,” Shauni added. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers rave for brand’s version of Olaplex hair treatment Back in 2018, Rachael Robertson began formulating products to treat her own acne, which, like Shauni, had been unmanageable since her early teens. After training as a skin care specialist, Rachael opened her own business as a facialist alongside her daytime job as a clinical research analyst in wound care. Using all this knowledge and experience she began mixing and testing ingredients to create a homecare routine with real results. Having spent months perfecting the first product, Rachael tried it on her own skin and was ecstatic to have control of her acne. In 2021, Bedew Skin was born and Shauni is just one of hundreds of happy customers. The majority of Bedew products are still handmade in Rachael’s mixing room, where they are mixed in small batches to ensure high quality with each product they create, package and wrap. Bedew products are cruelty free, not tested on animals and are suitable for all skin types/tones. The only product from the range which is not vegan is The Night Serum, which contains Marine Collagen. Bedew Skin is said to provide the “ultimate daily routine to boost your skin in less than four minutes”. It is a “quick, no-fuss, but indulgent selfcare routine that provides real result”. Customers who have used it don’t just suffer from acne, they also have dry or flaky skin, oily skin, breakouts, fine lines, redness, and dehydrated skin. Starting from scratch? Bedew Skin recommends The Essentials Kit which includes the Almond Oil Cleanser, Cleansing Cloth, Instant Enzyme Peel, Peel Brish, Hyaluronic Hydrator, Moisturiser and a Heliocare SPF of your choice. The Essentials Kit can be purchased direct for £85 excluding shipping.