Tommy Egan star Joseph Sikora recently took to Twitter to clear up allegations of bad blood between himself and fellow Power regular Gianni Paolo. However, Gianni has since doubled down on the accusations, claiming the Starz actor had some harsh words to say during one of their most recent meetings in his candid Instagram Story. Gianni has accused Power star Joseph of “spreading lies” about their alleged behind-the-scenes beef. After producer 50 Cent’s Tycoon event in Houston, Texas on Sunday, a video emerged of Joseph refusing to shake Gianni’s hand and turning away from him. Later, the Tommy star assured a fan on Twitter: “We saw each other at the hotel afterward and talked. All good.” However, Gianni has hit back at Joseph’s claim, insisting the actor has continued giving him the cold shoulder during their recent meetings. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash “Listen I was gonna leave this s**t alone but ppl Keep sending me this and this dude just straight up telling lies,” he wrote on his Instagram Story. “It’s not ‘all good’, I asked him in the elevator what his deal was with me cause he’s been doing this s**t for years when I’ve shown nothing but respect and love. “He kept just saying he doesn’t f**k with me. Nothing was resolved. Stop spreading lies cause people are pressing you about your saltiness.” (sic) Best known for his role as Brayden Weston, Gianni joined the Power franchise in season five of the original drama. Gianni clarified he still has respect for Joseph as an actor and recalled their strong relationship during the sixth season of the mainline Power series. Since the stars parted ways for new spin-offs, Ghost with Tariq St Patrick (played by Michael Rainey Jr) and Tommy’s own show Force, it appears they haven’t been on the best of terms. He continued: “I’ve said nothing but amazing things about this dude on the podcast and if you listen to it you know. “Season 6 of Power he was the nicest guy in the world to me. Then when Ghost happened everything switched up.” DON'T MISS:The Capture star teases complex relationship with DI Carey [EXCLUSIVE]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [INSIGHT]Bad Sisters’ Sarah Greene details ‘biggest challenge’ of the series [INTERVIEW] “If you’re gonna try and pretend like s**t is resolved for social media cause you’re mad everybody is asking why a 47-year-old man is throwing shade at someone who everybody fits with then at least do better than that my guy.” (sic) In another Story, Gianni added: “He’s been doing this s**t behind closed doors for years. “YOU made this public on stage grandpop, not me. Now you’re dealing with the outcome of being a child.” Gianni went on to repost a supportive message from his IG friend @_cleoalexander, who reiterated the love he has shown towards Joseph on The Crew Has It podcast. Finally, he wrote: “Last thing I’ll say is that idgaf if you don’t like me. Nobody needs to like everybody and that’s completely fine. “But don’t pretend on social media that we’re good after I tried to make peace STILL after the YEARS of disrespect and shade and you said no.” He concluded by confirming he still believes Tommy is the ‘GOAT’ of the Power series, though for now, it seems their feud has remained unresolved. Joseph later responded by posting a disgruntled image of Tommy on his own Instagram page, adding: "Ever think about the reason you have a job??? Chill out Brayden." Express.co.uk has contacted Starz and Joseph Sikora for comment. Power Book II: Ghost season 3 will premiere in late 2022 on Starz in the USA and StarzPlay in the UK. Power Book IV: Force season 2 premieres in early 2023.