Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has ruthlessly kicked injury-prone defender Phil Jones out of the club's training ground dressing room, according to reports. The Red Devils’ glitzy array of summer arrivals has left Jones demoted to the under-21s’ locker room down the corridor at the Carrington training complex. The dressing room is only built for 24 players and there is no longer space for Jones and four other United stars. Ten Hag made six signings in his first transfer window as Red Devils boss, welcoming Antony, Casemiro, Martin Dubravka, Christian Eriksen, Tyrell Malacia and Lisandro Martinez. Jones has been made to depart to fit in the club's latest purchases. He has been joined by youngsters Brandon Williams, Teden Mengi, Axel Tuanzebe and Shola Shoretire. The group of five have been made to change with the club’s U21 team. That is according to the Sun, who claim that the group of five have made way for the club’s new signings. It is the latest blow for Jones, who has featured just 13 times in four seasons. JUST IN: Man Utd missed out on bargain Caicedo after halting £4.5m transfer The 30-year-old's most recent appearance came in a Premier League defeat by Wolves at Old Trafford early in Ralf Rangnick's ill-fated spell as interim head coach. He was one of few players to impress that night and received a standing ovation from home supporters. Successive managers have preferred other players, though, and Jones has been pushed down the pecking order by several defensive signings in recent years. Martinez became the latest centre-back to be signed by the Red Devils, arriving from Ajax for around £43million. Jones revealed in April that he ‘felt like a footballer again’ after his rare outing against Wolves, despite the disappointing result. But the latest setback will push the long-serving former Blackburn man towards the exit. He still has a year remaining on his contract. DON'T MISS...Man Utd missed out on bargain Caicedo after halting £4.5m transferLewis Hamilton won't rule out Manchester United takeover bidTen Hag 'key voice' in Garner exit as thoughts on Everton ace emerge Asked by the Guardian how it felt to be playing last winter, Jones said: “Brilliant. It was emotional because it was the first time my girls could watch me. They were too young when I went through all my problems [with injury and being trolled on social media] to really understand what Daddy does for a living. “They thought I kicked a ball in the park with my mates. So for them to be there with my wife, and to see me playing, made it a great occasion.” Jones said he believes he is still good enough to play at the highest level, adding: “I’m still only 30 and I’ve missed a lot of football. I’m hoping to recapture some form and enjoy playing football. When I was out injured it was a difficult time but I’ll never give up. “I feel like I’m still good enough and I’ve got a lot to give. So I’m hopeful. I’m ready to play again.”