Married At First Sight has returned with a bang as E4 audiences watched participants walk down the aisle to meet their husbands and wives for the first time. The first series of the revamped dating reality show was a huge hit after taking on the popular Australian model. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, experts Mel Schilling and Charlene Douglas shared their insight into the show’s popularity. Sex and intimacy expert Charlene explained: “What's really amazing about Married At First Sight is that we get to follow stories. “You don’t see someone once and it’s over, you actually get to see their story and see their development, you see their resistance. “We stay with the story so even if somebody is resistant we’re like, ‘No you need to change.’ “It’s nice to see their development and lots of humour as well on set.” Read more: Married At First Sight couples 'didn't want’ expert involved Mel agreed and pointed to the “unique” element of the E4 dating show. “Do you know what I think is so refreshing about our experiment?” Mel asked. “Is that we go so much deeper than many other shows that our audiences enjoy. “There’s a voyeuristic aspect to it, I think people love digging inside relationships and peeking behind the curtain.” “You don’t see this anywhere else in the world,” the relationship expert continued. “Our show is so unique, particularly that aspect of couples counselling that people are curious about. “You get to come into the room, sit on the couch with us at home and see what goes on behind the curtain.” Meanwhile, the honeymoon phase for the first batch of newlyweds came to an end on Wednesday. DON'T MISSMAFS UK 2022: Who did April Banbury 'cheat' on husband George with? [INSIGHT]Married at First Sight star alludes to separation from partner [INTERVIEW]MAFS UK's George furious with new wife April [VIDEO] One couple was rocked by cheating allegations just days after their wedding ceremony. The trouble began when bride April admitted she felt her husband George was too intense and she needed some space. However, the groom was left in tears when cheating rumours emerged. As he broke down, he explained: “I woke up this morning numb and cold. Yesterday we ended up having a lovely evening. Then I went away for a short while, I came back and realised there had been an incident. "I don't know if I feel comfortable doing this. It was heartbreaking and a massive kick in the teeth. She's been intimate with somebody else. I've been cheated on. F**k, sorry..." April later explained she had kissed a girl in a hot tub as part of a game of “dares”. She was confused by George’s reaction and admitted: “I'm really sorry it has upset you but I didn't even think anything of it. It really was nothing, it wasn't." Married at First Sight continues on E4 on Thursday at 9pm.