Ofgem announced that the energy price cap will rise to £3,549 each year for average households from October 1. This is an 80 percent increase from its current level of £1,971. As the cost of living crisis continues, many families will be feeling the squeeze as bills continue to rise. Any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes to help them keep up with the bills. To help understand these rising bills better, there are five myths that have been debunked below. READ MORE: DWP: Universal Credit and other benefit claimants set to get cash boost at Christmas 2 Appliances don't use energy when they're on standbyWhen a device is left on standby, it still receives power from the electricity socket - so it is still using energy. The Energy Saving Trust (EST) said consumers need to consider which devices they leave switched on. It estimates households would save around £55 per year by switching off all their devices when not in use. For example, when it comes to a television, leaving it on standby means it is still drawing power so it can respond to signals from the remote control. To save some cash, people should make sure to turn off their appliances at the wall to avoid adding to their energy bill. READ MORE: Council tax explained: Who is eligible for a reduction on their bill - check now But the idea of a smart meter is that they provide real-time data to give people a more detailed view of their energy consumption. This in turn allows people to see how much they’re using and where they can cut back. Smart meters also ensure accurate billing, meaning each person is more likely to be charged for exactly what they’ve used. In fact, the price comparison website suggests not overfilling the kettle could save £11 a year on someone’s electricity bills. As well as saving money on their energy bill, they’ll also save water being wasted in the process. Most kettles will have a scale on the side of them that shows people how far to fill them, depending on how many cups of tea or coffee they need. The research was based on the energy consumption of 83 appliances across 24 sources. But there are ways to cut down your costs if people can't cook by microwave. For example, batch-cooking food could save you cash as they’re only heating up the oven once, while using the right sized pan, with a lid, can also help with the energy consumption.