Tom Jones, known for his appearance as a judge on The Voice, lost over two stone in just five months following the caveman diet. The Delilah singer revealed he also cut down on the booze and gave up drinking a full bottle of wine with dinner every evening. Sir Tom Jones explained: "I was putting too much weight on. I didn't think I was going to and I left the working out for a bit, thought I'd keep a check on it. "But with the Christmas puddings and cakes, before I knew it I was 230lb (16.4 stone) which was 30lb more than I should be. I couldn't get into my suits. That's when I thought: 'This has got to stop'," he told Radio 2. Tom decided to follow the caveman diet and cut down on the booze, only having a glass of wine or a pint occasionally with dinner. He said: "I’ve got a 12-pack, but health is very important and that’s a lot of luck. You’ve got to take care of yourself. READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Woman, 53, shed ‘spare tyre’ - pictures  "The dietician asked, 'how much do you drink?' I told him I like a bottle of red wine with my dinner. 'To yourself?' he said. "What I didn't tell him was I'd started off with a martini, had a cognac and a bottle of champagne too," Sir Tom admitted. The Delilah singer explained the caveman diet is a meal plan that consists of "getting back to what we used to eat when we were hunters and gatherers and eating anything that's natural – meat, fish, veg". In fact, the caveman diet or Paleolithic diet is a fad diet which focuses on having the foods eaten during the Paleolithic era.  A Paleo diet includes lean meats, fish, fruits, vegetables, nuts and seeds and all the foods that could be obtained by hunting and gathering. According to the Mayo Clinic, the caveman diet aids rapid weight loss and other health benefits include better blood pressure control and better appetite management. A Paleo diet is rich in vegetables, fruits and nuts and the main difference between other healthy diets is the absence of whole grains, legumes and dairy products. Sir Tom also explained he exercises regularly, often with a personal trainer and likes to practice boxing for a "good cardiovascular workout". READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb Grains, such as wheat, oats and barley Legumes, such as beans, lentils, peanuts and peas Dairy products Refined sugar Salt Potatoes Highly processed foods in general Breakfast: Broiled salmon and cantaloupe. Lunch: Broiled lean pork loin and salad (romaine, carrot, cucumber, tomatoes, walnuts and lemon juice dressing). Dinner: Lean beef sirloin tip roast, steamed broccoli, salad (mixed greens, tomatoes, avocado, onions, almonds and lemon juice dressing), and strawberries for dessert. Snacks: An orange, carrot sticks or celery sticks.