Good Morning Britain welcomed regular host Susanna Reid back onto the show in heartbreaking circumstances on Friday. The presenter was speaking to Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway about the late Bill Turnbull, who died aged 66 on August 31. Susanna read a paragraph from Bill just after he received his prostate cancer diagnosis in 2017. Good Morning Britain viewers were shaken by the news Bill Turnbull had died at his home in Suffolk, following his battle with cancer. Tributes have been flooding in from the journalist's friends and colleagues, including his GMB co-presenter, Susanna. Following his death, Susanna appeared on the show on Friday to pay tribute to Bill and recall some poignant moments in his life. She said she was taken aback by what he had said following his cancer diagnosis, which he made public in March 2018. Speaking to Ben and Kate on the show, Susanna said: "There's a paragraph, a few lines that I just wanted to read because these really hit home to me when I read them." READ MORE: Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims Proceeding to read Bill's words, Susanna continued: "You have to be positive, don't you? "I know I'm not going to get cured and I'm realistic about the long-term prospects. "Most importantly, I really do think I have had a wonderful life, with amazing experiences as a reporter and a presenter. "And if it was all to end tomorrow, I couldn't have any complaints. I have had a really marvellous time." Kate then breathed a sigh as she comprehended his candid response to his diagnosis. Susanna said she was so grateful to have known him, adding: "I'm so grateful he was here as well, with all of us on Good Morning Britain." At the start of the discussion, Susanna said she had been "absolutely knocked sideways" after hearing the news of his death. She described her friend and colleague as a "stickler" in the business, admitting she "felt intimidated" by his professionalism. However, she said the most important thing to Bill was always his family, including his wife and children. Speaking about how much time she had with Bill after his cancer diagnosis, Susanna said: "We all feel robbed". DON'T MISS... Carol Kirkwood recalls 'getting my jugs out' in Bill Turnbull memory [INSIGHT] Strictly's Karen Hardy sobs over final text from Bill Turnbull [VIDEO] Susanna Reid shares touching tribute to 'wise' Bill Turnbull [DISCUSSION] Bill started his career at a Scottish local radio station in 1978 before joining the BBC in 1986. He worked on the Today programme and Breakfast Time as a reporter, before becoming a BBC News correspondent in 1990. The journalist went on to present The One Show and other BBC quiz shows, moving over to Good Morning Britain in 2020. He presented alongside Susanna in February of that year, before making a more regular comeback in May 2021. Tributes from other colleagues, including Louise Minchin and Dan Walker, have been shared on Twitter. Dan said: "Bill Turnbull was so kind and generous when I took over from him on BBC Breakfast. "He was full of brilliant advice and it was clear just how loved he was by his colleagues and the audience. "It was an honour to sit on his sofa. My thoughts are with his family and friends." Louise shared: "He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about BBC Breakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team player."  Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays on ITV from 6am.