Serena and Venus Williams’ last doubles campaign ended in the first round of the US Open as the sisters were dispatched by the Czech duo of Linda Noskova and Lucie Hradecka. The 14-time Grand Slam doubles champions rolled back the years with one final outing at a Major together before Serena’s retirement but it wasn’t to be as they lost 7-6(5) 6-4. The Williams sisters accepted a wildcard into the women’s doubles tournament at the US Open shortly after Serena announced that she would be “evolving away from tennis”, with this expected to be the final tournament of her 27-year career. Their US Open link-up marked their first tournament together since the 2018 French Open, with Venus previously revealing that Serena the “boss” came up with the idea for one last hurrah together. The 14-time Grand Slam doubles champions stepped onto a packed Arthur Ashe Stadium 25 years after playing their first doubles match together in Indian Wells. The crowd weren’t as raucous as they had been for Serena’s first two singles matches but came alive at the end of the first set, as the sisters held for 5-4 and created two set point chances on the Czech team’s serve but were unable to convert them. After 63 minutes, the opening set went to a tiebreak as the teams traded mini-breaks early on, as the younger Williams sister earned one with an incredible display of her reflexes at the net. But her efforts didn’t pay off as Noskova and Hradecka took the opener 7-6(5) after 72 minutes, courtesy of a winner from the 37-year-old’s racket. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie cruisis into US Open third round after Joao Sousa win  The momentum was now with the generational Czech pairing, who started the second set with a comfortable hold and came from 30-40 on the Serena serve to break. The newly-formed Czech team continued to impress as Noskova saved a break point to lead 4-1, but the Williams sisters kept on pressing and broke the Hradecka serve from 0-40 down. Venus made it three games in a row for the sisters as she saved a break point in a three-deuce game to level at 4-4. All of a sudden, with Serena serving to stay in the match, the two-time former US Open champions found themselves facing triple match point, the first saved by a winner from the elder sister. But it was Hradecka's turn for a winner as she ended the Williams' sisters throwback doubles reunion. While the New York crowd may not have known much about Noskova and Hradecka before the match, the 17 and 37-year-old made sure that the fans wouldn’t forget them as they closed out a 7-6(5) 6-4 victory in two hours and three minutes, unfazed by the lack of support against two of the sport’s biggest stars. DON'T MISSNick Kyrgios explains 'professionalism' after spitting and swearingAndy Murray lifts lid of sleep secrets before US Open Berrettini clashJohn McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talks  17-year-old Noskova was making her Grand Slam debut in doubles and is a self-confessed Serena superfan, revealing that she had a poster of the former world No 1 above her bed and was “speechless” when she saw her draw. And the teenager will have more than impressed her idol with her performance in front of a partisan Arthur Ashe crowd of more than 20,000. Veteran player Hradecka was a more familiar face for the sisters however, with Serena and Venus holding a 6-1 record over the two-time doubles Grand Slam champion on the doubles court, including at the Olympics. But this wasn’t the 37-year-old’s first win over them at the US Open, with her one victory coming in the 2013 semi-finals alongside Andrea Sestini Hlavackova. The all-Czech team will now play the 13th seeds, Chilean duo Alexa Guarachi and Andreja Klepac in the second round. Meanwhile, Serena remains in the singles draw after stunning world No 2 Anett Kontaveit on the same court just 24 hours ago. The younger Williams sister will return to Ashe on Friday night to take on world No 46 Ajla Tomljanovic as Labor Day Weekend begins in the States.   