During the latest Newswatch episode during BBC Breakfast with Samira Ahmed, she reported on the backlash the BBC has received over its coverage of the cost of living crisis. Using letters and comments sent in from members of the public, Samira touched on how many were annoyed by the constant coverage, with some calling for the information to be delivered in a clearer way. Kicking off the Newswatch episode, Samira began: "Broadcasters and journalists have often seen August as the time to recharge their batteries on holiday, safe in the knowledge that nothing will happen. "That wasn't the case this summer when the news agenda was busy and questions continued to be raised about the BBC's role in reporting it. "At the top of many bulletins was the cost of living in general and the energy increase, with worrying figures for many people. "But some felt the BBC was adding to that worry with the tone and extent of its reporting on what might happen but hasn't happened yet." READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling Reminding viewers of the current coverage the BBC News Channel is putting out, a clip was played of the recent bulletin with the latest rise in figures. Looking at what viewers had to say, Stewart Luck wrote in and said: "While I understand the need to cover rising energy bills, I am becoming very tired of the intensity of the coverage over the crisis we all know we are in. "It is frightening, very frightening and at the moment, I feel that is all the BBC is achieving; frightening people. The coverage in my perception has reached an unhealthy balance." The BBC has been reporting the future average cap on bills, but some viewers think this is not the most useful measure to employ. Sue Clarke made this request: "Please can you report the energy cap prices using 'units', and not the 'average house' costs, which does not meaningfully apply to anyone. "I think it would be a much more accurate and less inflammatory way of reporting, that way, each individual can work out their own circumstances instead of potentially feeling scared and helpless by the relentless reporting of inflation." Peter Coleman had this suggestion: "Why can't the BBC be far more objective and helpful by reporting that processes are going to rise by 'x' percent? "Then I would know what I am likely to see." DON'T MISS...The Rookie season 5 trailer: Major death teased by return of old face [INSIGHT]Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife [LATEST]'No hope for Meghan and Harry' Dan Wootton slams Duchess interview [WATCH] Over the last few months, many have been worried about how they are going to be able to heat their homes and also feed their families. Labour leader Keir Starmer has been prominent in figuring out a solution for the crisis and has recently set out a "roadmap for Britain". He told The Mirror: "[The] big plan on the economy and how we’re going to grow it, big plan on the NHS and how we get through the winter. "And very strong commitments on law and order - as you would expect from someone who has devoted much of his life to the criminal justice system”. He promised specific policies, adding: “I am going to set out in my conference speech our roadmap, our plan for Britain and how Labour will give Britain the fresh start it needs.” Alongside the cost of living crisis, the government has also been rocked by the resignation of Boris Johnson. The next Prime Minister is expected to be on a general election footing from day one with strategists tipping October 5 next year as the date they will go to the polls. Newsround airs Saturday during BBC Breakfast.