Gary Lineker has questioned Manchester United paying “ridiculous money” for Casemiro after Erik ten Hag’s side spent £60million to bring the Brazilian midfielder to Old Trafford from Real Madrid earlier this month. Casemiro’s new side have spent over £200m this summer bringing in the 30-year-old alongside Antony, Lisandro Martinez, Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen, and hope to add Martin Dubravka on loan on transfer deadline day. Lineker has admitted that Casemiro will make United better, but has questioned the deal. "It’s a strange one, spending £60m on a 30-year-old holding midfield player," Lineker told the Mirror. "But he is a very, very good midfield holding player and he is very successful. I kind of get it in the sense of a quick fix because he’s better in the position that they’ve got by a mile, so I get that. "But have they paid ridiculous money? Yes. It’s an interesting one, he’s not going to go in there and create a million chances for everyone - that’s not his game alone. He’s a proven winner, he’s a rock, so you know what you’re getting even though he hasn’t played in our league and he’s a little bit different. He’ll adjust, it’ll just take time. "Players are playing a little bit longer now - I don’t know what they’re doing - so that’ll be interesting. So, 30 years old is probably 28 of 10 years ago. They [Real Madrid] know what they’re doing. In [Eduardo] Camavinga, I think they’ve got a superstar, they ain’t daft, they had players prepared to take over from Casemiro. "It might take them a little bit of time because they are young, [Aurelien] Tchouameni and Camavinga are young men but prestigious talents. They wouldn’t have let him [Casemiro] go unless they felt they were covered and they’re covered with kids who have a little bit more energy going forward than he would in a couple of years' time." Ten Hag will have been pleased to bring in the experienced holding midfielder, however, and was spotted shouting “yes!” as he got out of his chair and rubbed his hands before meeting his new signing. The Dutch boss has claimed he is happy with the business United have done this summer, despite looking likely to miss out on Barcelona playmaker Frenkie de Jong. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “We have more options in several positions,” Ten Hag said. “We are really happy with the players we brought in, they give us a good feeling, they are quality football-wise but as people they suit Manchester United. "All the top clubs in the Premier League spend a lot of money in the summer, if you want to compete at the top, you don’t have a choice. “If you want to play for the first four positions you have to do it. I think we have the ambition, especially in the long-term, to play for trophies. We had to do this, I think.” Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt