The Duchess of Sussex has hinted she intends to re-join Instagram in a wide-ranging interview with US fashion magazine The Cut. Meghan Markle told the magazine she was returning to the social media platform "especially now, with Archetypes (her new podcast) coming out." But later in the interview, the Duchess said "she was no longer sure she would actually return to Instagram.”" Rachel and Roberta of the Royally Obsessed podcast were bewildered by her sudden change of attitude. Rachel said: "There was like The Cut’s opening paragraph that Meghan might be back in Instagram totally stunned me." Roberta jumped in, saying: "I think I felt the same. "That was such a good hook from Alison and I didn’t like that she then backtracked it though." Laughing, Rachel exclaimed: "Yes!" Roberta said: "That kind of made me upset because I was like." Rachel asked: "Is this really happening?" Roberta said: "Right? Because she did write in Fortune magazine that she was never going to return to social media." READ MORE: Femi hits out at criticism of Harry and Meghan over private jet use "And there are lots of reasons why. So, I felt like it was almost – it was like she was trolling her," Roberta added. Rachel said: "Yeah, that’s really funny. I totally agree." Meghan Markle hinted at a potential comeback on Instagram before retracting. In the first partof the interview, she shared the "secret" that she was "getting back" on the social media platform. "Especially now, with Archetypes coming out", the Duchess added, referring to her new Spotify podcast in which she interviews experts on "the labels that try to hold women back." But further down the article, she backtracked, suggesting her decision might not be final. DON'T MISS:The Queen knows exactly she is doing, says IAN McNICHOLAS [COMMENT] Meghan and Harry 'throwing' Charles' olive branch 'back in his face' [REPORT] Meghan's 'erasing royals' and 'creating drama' for Harry, says US star [REPORT] Feature writer Allison Davis wrote: "Later, Meghan would relay she was no longer sure she would actually return to Instagram." Both Meghan Markle and Prince Harry gave up their public-facing Instagram account @SussexRoyal in March 2020 when they stepped down from their official royal roles. "Following today’s post, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will no longer post on Instagram under the @sussexroyal handle and will also no longer update SussexRoyal.com website," a statement from the Sussexes' team read at the time. "Both the Instagram account and website will remain in existence online for the foreseeable future, although they will be inactive." READ NEXT:Meghan Markle ridiculed after 'meltdown' from podcast diva swipeMeghan Markle's white suit 'signifies peace and innocence'Timeline of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK visits since MegxitMandela's grandson slams Meghan's 'watered down' wedding parallelMeghan Markle's US success branded a 'nightmare' for Kate and William