He will be forever remembered in the West as a progressive visionary who changed world history by lifting the Iron Curtain. However, his legacy has been marred by Russia's current leader Vladimir Putin, a Gorbachev critic, who invaded Ukraine in part to restore the glory of the Soviet Union, and ended the era of peaceful relations with the West. Born in the village of Privolnoye in southern Russia, his father drove a tractor and his son, known as Misha, used to help bring in the summer harvests. Bright and curious as a child, he later studied law at Moscow State University. When Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin died in March 1953, he went to see Stalin's body lying in state to pay his respects, even though one of his grandfathers had been sent to a labour camp for allegedly hindering socialism. After graduation he returned to the Stavropol region of his childhood and worked his way to the position of First Secretary of the Stavropol regional party organisation. The young rising star of the party did not oppose the invasion of Afghanistan in 1979 and by the mid-1980s was on course to be national General Secretary. One of his key decisions was to appoint Eduard Shevardnadze as Foreign Minister. They were both forward looking and determined to raise living standards for ordinary Russians. With memories of the Stalin era of terror fading, Gorbachev established glasnost, which ended censorship. Another bold move was pushing former Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev's dream of perestroika, which meant setting the country on a more open economic path. On the world stage Gorbachev was a colossus. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher famously described him as a man she could do business with and his warm personality endeared him to US President Ronald Reagan. The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 precipitated the breaking away of Soviet republics. He was said to be particularly upset when Ukraine voted to leave the Soviet Union in 1991. His ambitious reforms changed history but he was perplexed by the course subsequent Russian leaders chose to take. In 1953 he married Raisa Titarenko, who died in 1999. Their daughter, Irina, survives them.