Manchester United will go into their match with Leicester hoping for a third Premier League win in succession. After a shaky start to the season, Erik ten Hag’s side have managed to bounce back with recent victories over Liverpool and Southampton. However, with Arsenal up next, it’s possible the Red Devils will rotate for tonight’s contest… Manchester United endured a torrid start to the Ten Hag era. They lost 2-1 to Brighton on the opening day of the season at Old Trafford, with a brace from Pascal Gross giving the visitors all three points. And United were then battered 4-0 by Brentford at the Gtech Community Stadium, a defeat that ultimately prompted the Glazers into relaxing the club’s transfer business. United will now go up against Leicester tonight hoping to continue their winning run and avoid a repeat of what happened last term, when they lost 4-2 at the King Power Stadium. Express Sport will now take a look at three players who could make away as the Red Devils look for another boost in their pursuit of Champions League football. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Raphael Varane has started United’s last two matches, looking a slick operator in the process alongside Lisandro Martinez. However, given his poor injury record and the fact their match with Arsenal takes place on Sunday, Ten Hag may not consider the France international worth the risk. Therefore, it’s possible Harry Maguire will be reinstated to the team. It would be a show of confidence in the England international, one he sorely needs, with the Red Devils skipper struggling to get into Ten Hag’s starting XI. A night at Leicester, his old club, could be the ticket to getting the 29-year-old back to his best and firing up their skipper in the process. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him Scott McTominay has started three of United’s four Premier League matches this term. The only one he was benched for was the Brentford showdown, with the Scotland international brought on at half-time as Fred toiled in the middle of the park. However, United now have Casemiro at their disposal. The Brazil international was named among the substitutes for Saturday’s win over Southampton yet, when he came on, brought steel and composure to the Red Devils’ midfield. Now he’s had a few more training sessions under his belt, the 30-year-old can expect to get another taste of the Premier League this evening. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Anthony Elanga has fared well for United, looking a threat in matches against Southampton and Liverpool so far. But rotation is key and with Cristiano Ronaldo primed to stay, something the veteran has accepted, it’s feasible the Portugal international will come back into the team. The 37-year-old had previously expressed a desire to leave for a Champions League team yet nobody has made a concrete offer for the veteran. Therefore, Ronaldo may now be integrated back into the side. He has a point to prove, too, having been left on the bench for three of his team’s opening four Premier League games. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Speaking ahead of United’s match with Leicester, Ten Hag admitted he was happy with the club’s transfer business so far this summer. “I think we’ve strengthened the squad, clear,” he said. “As a manager you want always more. “What I demand from my players, I have to show it myself as well. “You want to always maximise. But at a certain point you have also to be satisfied with what is there and it’s also then about development. “Development of the team, development of the individuals to get this team stronger, to get the team more consistency. “To bring more quality and that is what we have to work for now: me, together with my coaches and of course togetherness with the team.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here