Princess Charlene, Prince Albert, Prince Jacques, and Princess Gabriella were photographed during the traditional "U Cavagnetu" Monaco picnic, in Monaco, a giant picnic that brings together nearly 1,000 Monegasques to celebrate the last big event of the summer at the Princess-Antoinette Park. For the occasion, Princess Charlene wore a very stylish ensemble consisting of a white embroidered top and white palazzo trousers from Terrence Bray. The long top featured a turtle neck and covered most of the elegant and delicate trousers. Charlene looked stunning in the chic outfit which she combined with brown pumps, a pair of pearl earrings and a large diamond ring. She sported a new trendy hairstyle with a side parting and opted for a very natural make-up look with a dash of mascara and pink lipstick. READ MORE: Doria Ragland has 'natural charisma' - unlike Carole Middleton Princess Gabriella looked lovely in a blue floral dress from Jacadi and a pair of colourful sandals with flower detail. The young royal also wore a cute headband matching the floral sandals and was seen carrying the same bouquet that was also given to her mum, Princess Charlene. Prince Jacques looked trendy in a blue Jacadi shirt that matched Gabriella's dress, a white t-shirt, blue trousers and blue Vans trainers. Prince Albert sported a light blue linen blazer, brown trousers and a white shirt.  Royal fans took to social media to comment on Charlene's outfit with user @francisca_lopez13 saying: "She's stunning and the children look adorable!" Many agreed Charlene looked beautiful in the outfit and @mr_mehdi commented: "She is so beautiful." Instagram user @porcelcecilia said: "Gorgeous" and @cabieserbertoni added: "I love Charlene!" Royal watcher @janebytheshore commented she "looks absolutely beautiful" but "her expression and face is so very sad". READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' The Monegasque Picnic is an event organised by the City Council of Monaco which sends an invitation to the entire population every year to enjoy the evening together. This is the first time the Monaco picnic is celebrated since the beginning of the pandemic and the Royal Family, who traditionally attend, seemed to enjoy the event as they were welcomed by dancers. It is not usual to see Princess Charlene attending official events with Prince Albert and the rest of the Royal Family, and it is just him who undertakes official duties and other royal engagements on his own most of the time. Earlier this week, Princess Charlene took to Instagram to share a new picture of her children, Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques, saying: "Gabriella gave herself, and her brother a haircut!!! Looking forward to school on Monday…" The children begin their school year on Monday and Charlene joked about the young royal tots who cut their own hair just before the start of term. Royal fans said the little hairdressers were "too cute" and that "it is good that they are allowed to be free". Another one, @forgracekelly, commented: "Ahh Princess Charlene, they’re absolutely adorable!!" 