Strictly Come Dancing 2022 lands on BBC One in a matter of weeks for its highly-anticipated 20th series. Claudia Winkleman and Tess Daly will be returning to the ballroom to host the competition as well as a range of familiar professional dancers such as Giovanni Pernice and Dianne Buswell. Ahead of the series launching, the BBC has released photographs of the four new dancers taking part in this year's series. The show's new dancers are set to be introduced to BBC viewers via a cinematic dance routine, Strictly bosses have confirmed. The new stars will be part of the routine alongside the returning Strictly professionals for the launch show which airs on Saturday, September 17 on BBC One. The four new dancers completing this year’s 20-strong professional troupe are European cup winner Vito Coppola, Chinese National Champion Carlos Gu, former Under 21 British National Champion Lauren Oakley and Latin dance champion Michelle Tsiakkas.  READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode   Vito is an Italian Latin American Champion who has been dancing since he was six years old. By the tender age of 10, he was winning national championships and he has been a three-time World Championships finalist and European Cup Winner. He has competed in the Italian version of Strictly Come Dancing and is now set on bringing home the UK Glitterball Trophy. Vito said: "I am really excited to become part of this family. I cannot wait to start this new adventure and challenge myself. Strictly sto arrivando! (or: Strictly I am coming!)”  Chinese National Champion Carlos became Amateur Latin Rising Star Runner-up at the 2017 UK Open. When he landed the Strictly placement, he said: “I’m thrilled to join Strictly and very excited to get started. "It’s a new chapter of my life and a new challenge as well. I’m absolutely ready to take on this journey and to shine.” Michelle, who is from Cyprus, has been dancing since she was six years old and has a host of awards under her belt. DON'T MISS...Strictly Come Dancing rumoured line-up: Who is rumoured to sign up? [UPDATE]Strictly's Oti Mabuse addresses having children with husband Marius [LATEST]Strictly Come Dancing star gives key advice to 2022 contestant [INTERVIEW] She moved to London to study amid competing and has represented England at major international championships. “Being a professional dancer on Strictly Come Dancing has been my dream ever since I was a little girl," she exclaimed. Birmingham-born dancer Lauren has starred in Strictly's national tours and has been the leading lady to Giovanni. Lauren, who has toured around the globe, said: “I’ve grown up watching Strictly, always hoping that one day I could be part of the best show on television, doing what I love the most.    "Now that it’s happening, it doesn’t quite seem real. I can’t wait to start this new sequined adventure and join this incredible family.” Strictly will have its biggest professional dancer line-up in history for the 2022 series, once again bringing glitter, glamour and great moves to the ballroom. The celebrities taking part in the series include presenter Helen Skelton, actor Will Mellor, singer-turned-presenter Kym Marsh and former footballer Tony Adams. Their professional partners are yet to be announced. Strictly Come Dancing starts on Saturday, September 17 on BBC One.  