Activist Mr Jones claimed on Twitter that none of the “FBPE-types” came to his aid when he was “mobbed” on College Green in Westminster, London. “FBPE” stands for “Follow Back, Pro-European Union”, and is used on Twitter with an aim to form a unified online pro-European voice. A video shared by Mr Jones in 2019 depicts a group of people following the activist down the street holding protest signs and shouting abuse. While it is not clear what is written on the signs in the video, Mr Jones claims those following him were fans of Tommy Robinson, a far-right political activist. The group can be heard shouting “traitor” at Mr Jones, with another accusing him of “writing misleading articles” as they follow him down the street. However, the online spat between Remainers began when Mr Jones yesterday claimed “FBPE-types” had failed to come to his aid during the ordeal - which was then refuted by pro-EU political activist Steve Bray, who is also known as the “Stop Brexit Man”. Mr Bray started the Stand of Defiance European Movement (SODEM) in 2017, which has since evolved into a daily protest outside Parliament whenever MPs are in session. He responded to Mr Jones’ claims, saying: “For the record I am 100 percent certain that members of SODEM and as you call them 'FBPE types' did intervene and assist you. “Afterwards, I even asked you if you were OK or if there was anything we could do to help you!” However, Mr Jones shot back, tweeting: “Don’t gaslight me over my own experiences of being hounded by fascists? "The whole thing was filmed and ends with me entering 4 Millbank. “So can you withdraw and apologise for implying I’m a liar, please?” But Mr Bray did not concede the point, saying: “What you had for a couple of minutes...we had for over 3 months, I won't be apologising. Your filming doesn't start at the beginning!” READ MORE: Owen Jones erupts at Charlie Mullins in workers row [REVEAL] The spat continues for multiple tweets, with Mr Bray insisting he and other protestors had come to Mr Jones’ aid, adding that while he was “sorry” the activist had been faced with abuse, he himself had dealt with it for “3 months”. But Mr Jones retorted the claims were “no different from the ‘post-truth’ approach of Trump supporters”. He said: “You made a false claim, and when presented with incontrovertible evidence that it was false, you still stick to your false claim anyway. Incredible behaviour, frankly!” Another Twitter user with the FBPE hashtag in their name claimed to have been present at the event, showing a still from the video that they claim proves they were there, trying to help Mr Jones. He did not respond to the tweet. DON'T MISS: Poland demands Germany pay £1.1TRILLION in reparations over WW2 [REVEAL]EU 'greed' under microscope as UK sends bloc £10BILLION in one year [INSIGHT]Brexit: Boris outlines why leaving EU helped UK deliver Macron snub [ANALYSIS] The Guardian columnist has previously been the target of a violent assault, which a judge ruled was motivated by his sexuality and political views. Mr Jones suffered cuts, swelling to his back and head, and bruises down his body in the attack outside the Lexington pub on Pentonville Road in Islington, on 17 August last year. Assailant James Healy was sentenced to two years and eight months for affray and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. Meanwhile two other men - Charlie Ambrose, from Brighton, and Liam Tracey, from Camden - were given suspended sentences of eight months each, suspended for two years after pleading guilty to affray. Following the sentencing, the activist tweeted that "prison is not a solution to far right extremism" as Healy “will go to a prison a violent far right extremist, and probably leave prison a violent far right extremist”. He added: “There is no judicial solution to the far right: it is a political problem.”