Serena Williams declared she is playing her final tournament free from any pressure after reaching the second round of the US Open in sensational style on Wednesday night. The American superstar, who turns 41 next month, beat world No.2 Anett Kontaveit 7-6 2-6 6-2 amid wild celebrations in the Arthur Ashe Stadium. The 23-time Major winner has announced she will evolve away from tennis after her home Grand Slam. Told by courtside interviewer Mary Jo Fernandez that she was taking her time doing so, Williams laughed: “It's no rush here. I'm loving this crowd. Oh, my goodness, it's really fantastic. There's still a little left in me. We'll see, we'll see." She added: “I'm super competitive. Honestly, I'm just looking at it as a bonus. I don't have anything to prove. I don't have anything to win. I have absolutely nothing to lose. Honestly, I never get to play like this since '98 really. Literally, I've had an X on my back since '99. It's kind of fun. I really enjoy just coming out and enjoying it. It's been a long time since I've been able to do that.” JUST IN: Nick Kyrgios explains 'very stressful' US Open after second round win  US Open organisers repeated the tribute video narrated by Oprah Winfrey first shown on Monday night - and could have to repeat it five more times if she reaches the final on September 10. Williams had won only one match in four since returning at Wimbledon but blasted out the world No.2 on another emotional night in New York. “I'm a pretty good player,” she laughed. "You know, this is what I do best. I love a challenge. I love rising to the challenge. Yeah, I haven't played many matches, but I've been practicing really well. In my last few matches, it just wasn't coming together. I'm like, This isn't me. The last couple matches here in New York, it's really come together. Maybe I should have travelled with you all for all those years." DON'T MISS Nick Kyrgios spits on court and receives warning as he swears at teamKyrgios gets US Open umpire to issue smoking warning over 'marijuana'Dart helps Raducanu after British No 1 loses in US Open first round  Asked if she was surprised by her level of play, the American superstar said: “I mean, I'm just Serena, you know. “Honestly after I lost the second set, I thought: ‘Oh, my goodness, I got to give my best effort because this could be it’. Really I just wanted to just keep trying, see what I could do. Just do my best. I was just really excited, to be honest.” She will be back in the Arthur Ashe Stadium at 7pm local time on Thursday to play in the doubles with her sister Venus. “I'm so excited for doubles,” said the six-time singles champion. “It's like it's been so long. We got to play again, we got to bring the reunion back. I'm excited to play with Venus, get some more practice because I could use the matches!”