Motorists across the UK have been forced to practice several fuel-saving techniques in the past few months. And, despite petrol and diesel prices having dropped slightly in recent weeks, many drivers still search for ways to save money on fuel. The latest RAC Fuel Watch indicates that motorists will have to pay 169.58p per litre of unleaded. Diesel is even more expensive currently standing at 183.74p per litre on average. With that in mind, motorists have been reminded that they should only use cruise control in certain places to improve fuel efficiency. Cruise control is a common feature of most modern cars and can help massively with boosting the fuel economy of a vehicle. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow little-known 20p coin hack to save fuel However, drivers are being warned that cruise control will only aid fuel efficiency when driving on a constant, flat surface. This is why it is usually best reserved for motorway driving. One of the best ways to save fuel is to drive at a constant speed, which is made easier with cruise control. Drivers who use cruise control on non-flat roads may experience problems as it would be slower to react to gradient changes. DON'T MISS Drivers urged to avoid premium fuels at all costs [ADVICE] Drivers warned of massive £5,000 fines for splashing pedestrians [WARNING] Furious driver slams Tesla car for losing five percent of charge [INSIGHT] When reaching the brow of a hill, drivers normally take their foot off the accelerator to maintain a constant speed when descending. The technology will keep the power on for longer as it is unable to see the gradient change in front, which can lead to “worse fuel consumption”, the RAC states. The most fuel-efficient roads in the country are not quiet extra-urban dual carriageways or 20mph city streets, they are motorways. Motorists who are struggling with petrol and diesel costs may also look for alternative, more fuel-efficient vehicles. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge fuel changes with further rollout of E10 petrol Nicholas Zapolski, Founder of ChooseMyCar, said: “At ChooseMyCar we believe that money should never get in the way of driving, whether that’s being able to purchase a car, or simply affording the petrol to run it. “With the cost of living continuously on the rise, our research confirms that the expense of running a car is going to be another financial strain for many of us across the country. “For families who are looking to switch to a more fuel-efficient car, we advise prioritising certain car specs such as the tank capacity, average MPG, and the cost of fuel per mile. “Brands such as Renault, Toyota, and Hyundai are great producers of budget-friendly cars that are not only family favourites, but are also great for their mileage and are low cost to run.” Another fuel-saving method that drivers should follow is making sure they fill their fuel tanks to the brim when visiting a petrol station. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, told Express.co.uk: “Although affordability is a huge issue for motorists at the moment, causing many to top up by £10 or £20 here and there as and when they can afford it, it is actually a lot better to fill up your car when you refuel. “When you are just topping up your fuel by a small amount each time the oil deposits and bad quality stuff which falls to the bottom of the fuel tank gets pumped around the vehicle for a prolonged period. “This can cause damage to the fuel filter, which can lead to the fuel pump overheating and the engine clogging. “The latter can be very dangerous as it could cause the engine to cut out while doing higher speeds, potentially leading to a fatal accident. “At the very best it will land motorists with a hefty repair bill as new fuel pumps start at around £200 minus labour, and this can vary from car to car.”