The Royal Family are often asked to be godparents and many have taken on the responsibility in the past. For example, Queen Victoria had around 58 godchildren while the Queen currently has 29.  According to The Daily Mirror, Prince Charles has 27 while Princess Anne has seven and Prince Edward, five. When deciding Prince George's godparents, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge went against tradition. Rather than simply selecting other members of the Royal Family or other high-ranking aristocrats, they choose some of their closest friends. Those chosen were Oliver Baker, Emilia Jardine-Paterson, Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton, Julia Samuel, William Van-Cutsem, Zara Tindall and The Duke of Westminster.  One of the appointments that created the most interest was the youthful Duke of Westminster who was the then Earl Grosvenor who is one of the richest billionaires in the world and owns portions of London. Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor was born on January 29, 1991 in London and is the third of four children born to the late Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife. Educated at a state primary school with his siblings, Hugh then went on to study at the private Mostyn House School in Cheshire. He studied at Ellesmere College before obtaining a degree from Newcastle University in countryside management. READ MORE: US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage  Following the completion of his studies he worked for a series of estate management companies. However he succeeded his father when he sadly died of a heart attack at the age of 64 . As a result he became the 7th Duke of Westminster inheriting an estimated wealth of £9 billion as well as several new estates. He is also known by a series of other titles such as the Marquess of Westminster, Earl Grosvenor, Viscount Belgrave and Baron Grosvenor. DON'T MISS: William told to 'board plane' and 'intervene' in Meghan row [REVEAL] Meghan Markle's South African security describes Archie room fire [SPOTLIGHT] Prince William's 'big change' for children after his 'difficult time' [INSIGHT]  The Duke also became the head of The Grosvenor Group upon the death of his father. This meant that he owns huge areas of London including Park Lane, half of Mayfair and 300 acres of Belgravia. In addition to this, the Duke owns land and 1,500 buildings across the world. This includes large estates such as Eaton Hall in Cheshire and the Abbeystead Estate in Lancashire along with homes in Scotland and Spain. The group also own a series of notable buildings including the Liverpool One shopping centre, a residential tower in Tokyo, parts of Silicon Valley in California and Annacis Island, near Vancouver. According to The Sunday Times rich list, until last year the Duke was the richest person in the world under the age of 30. 