Chelsea Dickenson is also known as the Cheap Holiday Expert. She is dedicated to "helping you decipher travel rules and book cheaper holidays!" She has 19.8 followers on her TikTok account and 14.9k subscribers on her YouTube account. She uses her accounts to post her insights and hacks, including this latest tip to get around hand luggage rules. She used the sneaky trick on a Wizz Air flight to Vienna, suggesting it as an alternative to another common hack. Chelsea referenced a hack that involves putting clothes in a pillow case to take onboard a flight with you as hand luggage. Pillows generally do not count towards your hand luggage allowance, as they can be counted as a personal item. However, not every airline allows large pillows, such as the sort found on a bed, onto flights for free. Chelsea said: "I do love this hack but I think it's a little bit risky, so I have a lower risk option for you to try." The influencer takes her neck pillow and removes the memory foam insert. She fills it up with clothes, such as pants tights, leggings, and her t-shirt. READ MORE: ‘Always used to get me’ Don't get caught out by ‘banned’ everyday hand luggage items She said: "Look how chokka full that is. We are good to go." She took viewers through the process of boarding with the hidden extra luggage, wearing the pillow around her neck. She filmed the process of getting through boarding successfully, and said: "You have to try this."  The hack has amassed over 2 million views on the platform, inspiring fellow travellers. One, Robyn Munro, wrote: "Bonus - now you have a change of clothes in case your suitcase goes AWOL!!" Dave Walker said: "Love it. Though not sure about my used socks for the way home…" One asked the question: "Did it go through the security scanner okay?" Chelsea responded: "Just pop it in your open bag. Shows up as a bag of clothes - a bit like a packing cube would." DON'T MISSFlight attendant's secret sign to help passengers with luggage [EXPERT] 'Packing hack that changed my life': Most efficient way to pack [TRICKS] Flight attendant's warning as woman arrested outside hotel [REAL LIFE] Use duty-free bags Another content creator, Jazz, detailed a clever way to take more luggage on board. She said: Number one, I put a bag inside a bag. I usually go to Boots, Duty Free, one of those stores and get a bag because they (cabin crew) are not allowed to touch anything within something you've bought already in the airport." Duty Free shopping can be brought onto the plane along with hand luggage. Be early Jazz also suggested being timely when boarding. This may make it easier to take extra baggage onboard unnoticed. She said: "I recommend getting on the plane a little bit early and not being late. That's when they want to put your handheld bags under the plane, which isn't it." A flight attendant recently detailed the flights you should never book. Flight attendant Cici posts her travel advice to her TikTok account @cici_inthesky, where she boasts over 41k followers. According to her, there is one particular flight that is more likely to get cancelled than any other. The expert said: "I will never book on the last flight of the day because it's just too risky that the flight could get cancelled because of rolling delays."