Prince Charles, 73, lives in Clarence House in London with his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and when he is in Gloucestershire he stays in his country manor house, Highgrove. He also has smaller homes in Wales and Scotland when he is travelling across the UK. But Prince Charles also has a home abroad that is not as publically known. The royal bought his farmhouse in Viscri in 2006, after falling in love with Transylvania during a visit in 1998. Typically, he spends a couple of days a year here and the guest house is rented out to the public when he is not there. It's known as the Blue House and features seven double bedrooms with en-suites, a drawing and dining room, a sitting room and a kitchen. What does it look like inside? READ MORE: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast The property takes its name from the distinct blue hue of the building. A rustic aesthetic is maintained throughout, with high ceilings and concrete white walls. The bedrooms are furnished exclusively with antique Transylvanian furniture. According to the guesthouse's website, there are no televisions or radios, in order to create an atmosphere "of peace and tranquillity".   Three of the bedrooms' en-suites feature their own bathtub. This space is decorated with patterned wallpaper and hand-painted plates, reflecting authentic Transylvanian culture. A different bathroom in the home has a freestanding tub. The tapestry hanging on the wall is a traditional Transylvanian feature. READ MORE: Camilla 'lives in dread' of Harry's memoir after decades-long PR push  It is one of many hanging throughout the house. The guest house has its own outdoor breakfast barn, complete with an enormous bread oven. The Prince has visited Romania several times in his life. The village of Viscri is one of Romania’s most renowned villages and has become famous for the Prince’s visits.   The idyllic village is home to many traditional houses which are part of its Saxon heritage. Charles discovered his connection during his first visit in 1998, discovering he had a distant kinship with Vlad Tepes, the 15th–century Wallachian ruler on whom the novelist Bram Stoker based his novel Dracula. According to the Romania Tour Store website, Charles is the great-grandson 16 times removed of Vlad the Impaler, through the consort of George V, Queen Mary. In a TV interview in 2011 the royal joked: “Transylvania is in my blood. The genealogy shows I am descended from Vlad the Impaler, so I do have a bit of a stake in the country.” Charles’ guest house is open for tourists to visit. 