Stainless steel items vary from taps to toasters, kettles to splash backs and more. Stainless steel can look modern and slick in a home and is often the top choice for many kitchen designers. The material is also resistant to rust, fire and heat, and can last for many years. However, stainless steel can be tricky to maintain, often showing a lot of smudges, fingerprints and scratches. When it comes to cleaning stainless steel, there are a plethora of hacks out there from using baby oil to olive oil. However, we decided to try out just one singular product to see if it could leave my mucky stainless steel taps sparkling. The product I tested was Cif Stainless Steel Specialist Cleaner Spray. The product claims to leave stainless steel surfaces with a “brilliantly shiny finish”. READ MORE: The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ The description reads: “Made with a powerful formula, this cleaning spray removes stubborn dirt like grease, fingerprints and watermarks. “Our stainless steel cleaner offers 100 percent streak-free shine. “Reveal the beauty in your metal surfaces with our multi-purpose cleaner spray.” The Cif product can be found in Sainsbury’s and Ocado for £2.50 and Morrisons for £3.50. I tested out the product on my taps which had accumulated limescale, fingerprints and watermarks over a period of two weeks. DON'T MISSFour ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [UPDATE]Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [ANALYSIS] Cif Stainless Steel Specialist Cleaner Spray Two damp cloths A microfibre cloth I would recommend following the instructions carefully on the back of the product. If this product is applied incorrectly or is applied to silver or aluminium, it could damage surfaces. Firstly, apply the product directly to the cold stainless steel surface and ensure it is spread evenly with a damp cloth. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Ensure the cloth is damp but does not have any other products on it. Next, wipe off the product using another damp cloth. Using a separate cloth ensures there’s no product residue left on the surface. Rinse the surface thoroughly with water to ensure there is no product left on the stainless steel. For best results, wipe the stainless steel with a dry cloth, ideally a microfibre one. Dry it and then buff the surface for maximum shine. My stainless steel taps looked brand new after using this product. As I have stainless steel all around my home, this is a cleaning product I always have under my sink. After using, always ensure the nozzle is turned back to the stop position.