The Post Office Travel Money City Costs Barometer compared tourist costs in 20 popular cities. In surprising news, a city in Western Europe was cheaper than those in eastern Europe. READ MORE: Fuming man rages as he loses plane seat to mother and baby Athens was easily the cheapest city in the Post Office Travel Money rankings, coming in at £207.81 for accommodation, food, transfer costs and visits to attractions. A glass of wine in Athens was just £3.46 while a 48 hour travel card will only cost tourists £7.79. Athens’ top attractions include The Acropolis which still dominates the beautiful city’s skyline. Tourists can also explore the city’s Old Town Plaka, although cheaper restaurants can be found outside the main tourist areas. Lisbon is the second cheapest city for a bargain autumn break. A holiday in the city cost just £218. A bottle of beer in Lisbon cost just £2.16 while a bottle of Coke came in at under £2 on average. Tourists will earn their dinner in Lisbon as it is well known as one of Europe’s hilliest cities with many steep cobbled streets. Krakow was the third best value break with a visit to a top tourist attraction costing just £4.71 per person. READ MORE: Man slams partner for ‘ruining’ flight with unusual meal Riga and Budapest also ranked well when it came to value, with each break costing around £220. A bottle of beer in the Hungarian capital cost just £1.95 while a visit to a top art gallery in Riga was just £2.60. Amsterdam was the most expensive city break at £592 while Venice and Copenhagen both cost over £450. Nick Boden, head of Post Office Travel Money, said: “According to our latest research, over two in five of those planning trips abroad will be taking a city break, making this the most popular type of overseas holiday for the fifth consecutive year.  “However, Britons need to be aware that the rising prices in Lisbon are typical of what we found across Europe, fuelled by big increases in accommodation charges. “Established favourites like Paris, Amsterdam and Venice may be top choices among the holidaymakers we surveyed but they are also expensive places to visit and people who are prepared to swap to a city with a lower cost of living can make their pounds stretch much further. “Athens and Lisbon are half the price and offer a sunny autumn climate as well as low prices. “Our advice to holidaymakers is to do their homework and check prices before booking.”