A food recall is issued when a product is unsafe for people to eat. Tesco is the latest supermarket to recall an item due to this problem. Tesco is recalling various dessert products because they contain traces of walnuts which are not mentioned on the label. This means the products are a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to walnuts. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has shared details of the products on its website. The Tesco Free From Strawberry Cheesecake is being recalled, as well as the Wicked Kitchen Millionaire’s Sunday, the Wicked Kitchen Strawberry and Vanilla Cheesecake, and the Wicked Kitchen Chocolate and Vanilla Cheesecake. READ MORE: Princess Anne’s ‘most annoying’ habit exposed by Zara Tindall The Free From Strawberry Cheesecake comes in a pack 100g in size and all date codes are affected. The Wicked Kitchen Millionaire’s Sunday is 110g in size and all date codes are affected. All date codes are affected when it comes to both the Wicked Kitchen Strawberry and Vanilla Cheesecake and the Wicked Kitchen Chocolate and Vanilla Cheesecake too. Both products come in packs 100g in size. DON'T MISS:Meghan & Harry’s Jubilee body language gave away their true ‘focus’ [ROYAL]Meghan and Harry stay fit by practising 'fun' exercise together [EXERCISE]Zara Tindall stays slim by avoiding two food types [WEIGHT LOSS]  The FSA stated: “These products contain walnuts (nuts) making them a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to walnuts (nuts).” The organisation also outlined the action taken by Tesco, saying: “Tesco is recalling the above products from customers. The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers. “These notices explain to customers why the products are being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the products. Please see the attached notice.” In its notice, Tesco said: “Please do not consume these products if you have an allergy to walnuts, return the affected product to store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required.” It added: “Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. “If you require further details, please contact customer services directly on 0800 505 555.” The FSA also offered its advice to customers. It said: “If you have bought the above products and have an allergy to walnuts (nuts), do not eat them. “Instead return them to the store from where they were bought for a full refund.” The organisation shared more information about allergy alerts in general, saying: “Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. “Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). “Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. “When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert.”