Starz’s hit crime series Raising Kanan made its highly anticipated return to screen with its second season earlier this month. After suffering a traumatic attack, Raquel ‘Raq’ Miller star Patina Miller spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about a twist involving Jukebox (played by Hailey Kilgore).  Raising Kanan explored the upbringing of Kanan Stark (Mekai Curtis) who appeared as a complex and dangerous criminal in the show’s original show Power. Although he was introduced as an innocent 15-year-old, things soon took a dark turn after he followed in his mother’s footsteps in the life of crime. His mother Raq was a hustling and glamourous queen pin who was feared yet respected, even though she wanted Kanan to focus at school, he got himself into trouble. As a result, she was forced to teach him how to shoot a gun and make cocaine. READ MORE: Former BBC star says bosses ‘don’t care’ what public think  While she tried to keep Kanan in line, her niece Jukebox had fallen in love with Nicole Bingham (Annabelle Zasowski). However, her first romance soon turned into heartbreak after Nicole overdosed on drugs she found in Jukebox’s bag. The drugs were a bad batch Kanan had made which instantly killed everyone who had taken it, which left hundreds of their customers dead. While Jukebox was grieving, her father Marvin Thomas (London Brown), who was Raq’s brother and business partner, discovered she was dating another woman and physically assaulted her.    Marvin choked Jukebox until he came to his senses and realised she was struggling to breathe. Jukebox was left even more heartbroken at the different dynamics as Raq had previously figured out she was dating a woman and accepted her. Ahead of the release of season two, Patina Miller spoke to Express.co.uk and opened up about the major change with her character’s niece. The actress shared: “Raq has always been sort of like the ear and the nurturer for Jukebox.” Patina teased: “And there is fallout from the actions of what took place in episode nine. DON'T MISS...Dan Wootton savages Meghan Markle's Mariah Carey interview [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [INSIGHT]Raising Kanan: Kanan to discover the truth about Howard clue [INSIGHT]   “At the start of this (season two) Jukebox is living with Raq so you will get to see them navigate that relationship, but it's a strong one as well. “As much as Kanan is a strong relationship for her, you'll start to see how strong the relationship Jukebox is and wanting to hold on to that as well.” Although the teenager did lose her girlfriend and seemingly her father, it looked as though Jukebox was starting to form a new bond after finding her estranged mother Kenya (Letoya Luckett). After befriending Detective Shannon Burke (Shanley Caswell), the officer was able to help the youngster track down her mother.   Jukebox discovered she shared the same passion for singing as her mother after she followed her to a church and saw her perform in the choir. While Jukebox watched adorningly from afar, Kenya spotted her and stopped singing after recognising her daughter. After the realisation Jukebox instantly ran away, but Kenya ran after her. Fans will have to stay tuned to see how Jukebox will navigate her relationship with the multiple parental figures she has in her life.  Power Book III: Raising Kanan is available on Starz in the US and available on Starzplay in the UK.