State pension payments often form the bedrock of retirement, and people will look forward to this when they are eligible. For some, it means they can finally depart the workforce for a comfortable retirement. However, new research has issued a stark warning for those who are planning to be reliant on this sum alone. While many plan for the state pension to be their main, or only, source of income, new research has shown this may present an issue. Pensions and investment company Royal London challenged five customers and its consumer finance specialist Sarah Pennells to live on £185.15 for a week. This is the equivalent of the full state pension, with the challenge encouraging people to think about their pension and how much they might need in retirement. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes A survey undertaken by Royal London showed people believe they need £1,117 per month on average to live a comfortable retirement. However, with the new state pension paying up to £802, there is a shortfall of £315 per month. But how did the participants of the study get on with living solely on the new full state pension? Stevie-Leigh Edwards, who took part, said: “I have realised that it’s just not doable to live on the state pension alone. DON'T MISS'Best phone call you make’ What to do if you cant pay energy bills [VIDEO]Pensioners could see extra £600 to help with energy bills this winter [LATEST]How claiming Carer’s Allowance can affect your state pension [UPDATE] “It’s hard enough to live on it and have a basic life, so it’s made me realise that come retirement my complete lifestyle would change if I didn’t have anything else to rely on.” However, the main concern derived from the challenge is the difficulties individuals may face given the cost of living crisis. Interest rates are creeping up, while inflation continues to soar, wreaking havoc on grocery and energy bills. The situation is tough for those on a fixed income, Ms Pennells highlighted. READ MORE: Single mum’s money saving tip could save £3,500 She said: “What struck me when I was living on the state pension was how tough it was, especially in the middle of a cost of living crisis, and that’s without the energy bill hike due in October. “While it was possible to pay for everyday items, such as food, there was no money left over for unexpected bills. “The state pension is the foundation of most peoples’ income in retirement, but it is highly unlikely to pay enough for the life you’d like in retirement.” There are, of course, alternative pension options which may be worth exploring given the findings. Auto-enrolment has opened up larger numbers of people to a workplace pension, and there is also the opportunity to put money aside oneself into a private arrangement. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Some may choose investment, but this is not right for everyone and investors should be aware capital is at risk. It could mean they get less back than they originally put in. Others will opt for cash saving, perhaps in the form of an ISA, but should note inflation is ravaging savings even in top paying accounts. People should get the full new state pension if they have at least 35 years of National Insurance contributions, and the full basic state pension for 30 years of contributions. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. A Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "The UK state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security in older age. “This year we will spend over £110billion on the state pension and the full yearly amount of the basic state pension is now over £2,300 higher than in 2010, with 400,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty after housing costs in 2020/21 than in 2009/10. “But we recognise the pressures pensioners are facing and all pensioner households will receive £300 to help them cover the rising cost of energy this winter, with those on Pension Credit getting a further £650 cost of living payment. This is in addition to the £150 council tax rebate and £400 discount on their energy bills.”