Interest rates have been rising recently after a period of stagnation due to COVID-19. For savers, this is likely to be welcomed, especially those on fixed incomes who would like a bit more in their back pocket. However, these individuals, including pensioners, have been warned any benefit could be cancelled out by spiralling inflation. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, who offered further insight. He said: “Rising interest rates offer a small glimmer of hope of better returns on savings than we’ve witnessed for many years. “However, equally in the current economic climate, those better returns are knocked on the head by inflation.” READ MORE: Pensioners could see extra £600 to help with energy bills this winter With challenging financial circumstances all around, Britons will be looking for ways to grow their money. However, even the best savings accounts currently on offer will not provide much relief. Mr Tully continued: “Any savings earning a market leading interest rate of around 1.5 percent will be worth less in a year due to the eroding power of inflation. “This is expected to peak at around 11 or 12 percent. DON'T MISSState pensioners may be left with just £11 a day in energy bills shock [ANALYSIS]Lloyds Bank issues scam warning on ‘today only’ supermarket voucher [WARNING]Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes [EXCLUSIVE] “Put another way, if you receive 1.5 percent interest on your savings but inflation is 10 percent, your money is worth 8.5 percent less.” As Mr Tully highlighted, most Britons are losing money in real terms, and this can be difficult to bear. Some may turn their eye towards investment in the hopes of potentially securing a better return. However, it is important to note investment is not a suitable choice for everyone. READ MORE: 'Wages haven’t gone up’ Bristol woman says cost of living is crippling There is risk involved, and individuals could get less back than they originally put in. While the situation appears dire with inflation continuing to soar, there may be a silver lining to be found in this cloud. Mr Tully highlighted annuities as a potential option for people thinking of retiring. Annuities provide a set income for life for those who are retiring, and are often posited as a safe pair of hands rather than relying on the peaks and troughs of the stock market in drawdown. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The current market conditions mean annuity rates are on the up, and could be worthwhile for some. Mr Tully explained: “Annuity rates are rising sharply. “They are up around 30 percent this year so far. “For those approaching or in retirement, considering annuitising some of their pension to provide a level of guaranteed income alongside the flexibility of drawdown may be worth considering.”