Andy Wilman has discussed the tension behind filming The Grand Tour with Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond. The showrunner for the Amazon series described the TV veteran's relationship as being like that of a band, instead of friends.  Ahead of the new installment of The Grand Tour: A Skandi Flick, Andy gave a rare insight into the friendship they still share but how it's often pushed to the limit. He told Express.co.uk about the arguments that went on during the adventurous series, which involved James in a 70mph crash. The longtime collaborator with the trio explained the dynamic they share, "their relationship is intense and it's more like a band". Andy continued: "They bicker and do think things differently and so on, because they are so much part of it. Read More: The Rookie season 5 trailer: Major death teased by return of old face  "So they have fallouts and then they come back together, and so on and so on." Andy has been working with Jeremy, Richard and James since Top Gear's meteoric rise in 2002. Due to the length of time the team have known each other, Andy joked their advancing years on TV may also contribute to the tensions. He added: "There's a bit of age creeping in now, James was taking longer to get out of the hotel and they were like 'Jesus, what is he doing now?'" But despite the odd fallout and bickering, he believes they will continue well into their last years. Andy quipped: "I can see when they're in an old people's home in about 15 years what it will be like, you get the signs of it. "They will be bickering or just concentrating on separate, small things, but their relationship is still fully there." The showrunner did admit the trio, despite the challenges of filming together for long days, were still close. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson sets fire to car as The Grand Tour returns [ARTICLE]James May admits ‘chaotic’ segment ‘ended in an argument’ [INTERVIEW]Richard Hammond details James May's Grand Tour crash 'Quite a shock' [INSIGHT] He said: "The relationship is fully there, they are still witty together and they're still happy in each other's company." But, the reason for their ability to stay so close after so many years is due to giving themselves space. Andy added: "I wouldn't know what it would be like if they did twelve shows, they might be like 'Jesus Christ this is too much." One of the most dramatic moments of filming was when James suffered a horrific car crash when filming the latest series. He had to take time out after crashing into the wall of a dark tunnel by reportedly braking too hard. James confirmed his recovery, by tweeting: “Thank you for all your kind comments and funny jokes re my crash, but it was a while back, not that bad, and I’m perfectly OK." The Grand Tour returns to Amazon Prime on September 16