Over the past month, Jeremy Kyle has filled in for Piers Morgan while the host took a break for the summer. However, during his last show covering Piers Morgan Uncensored, Jeremy said goodbye to viewers during a comical opening speech. The former chat show host was surrounded by boxes as he discussed his departure. Two men pretending to be workmen were also involved in the comedy sketch. As he pretended to be on the phone, Jeremy said: "It's not just Bojo leaving this weekend, it's my last Piers Morgan show tonight. "I think you were right, everybody seems to be quite nice, and the crew were amazing." READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash "Sorry, hold on a minute," the TalkTV host said addressing the workmen in his dressing room. "What are you doing? Who are you?" "Oh, you're the pizza man?" one of the workmen said. "We have been waiting hours for you." "Do I look like the pizza man to you?" Jeremy hit back. "I've had enough of this, I am getting the boss on the phone." As the workman took Jeremy's phone off him, he continued: "No phone, no show...nothing.  "This is what you get for five weeks, you sit in for him [Piers] while he's on his big yacht and he gets his private jet, and I am history." Addressing his departure again, Jeremy said: "Good evening, my friends. "I guess that had better go in there in the box that will be tied up so the nation can breathe finally, a huge sigh of relief. "The old boy is finally off, and what a tumultuous time it has been." DON'T MISS...'What was she hoping to achieve?' Meghan blasted in US over podcast [VIDEO]Loose Women's Kaye Adams opens up on Strictly fears [INSIGHT]Vera writer speaks out on Brenda Blethyn series ending [NEWS] He continued: "Parties galore, a general air of shambolic chaos and confusion and the perennial whiff of scandal. "Yes, it's the final edition that Piers Morgan Uncensored with Jeremy Kyle." Piers also commented on his comeback to TalkTV, tweeting: "Pack your bags, sunshine @jkyleofficial- the summer party’s over. "I’ll be back on the @PiersUncensored throne on Monday." The former Good Morning Britain host later tweeted: "Bye Jezza..." Piers' followers loved seeing Jeremy on the show but said they are thrilled to welcome the host back. Paul Keenan penned: "FIVE WEEKS TO LONG HIS A NICE FELLOW BUT HES NO PIERS MORGAN." (sic) While Maggie Scarborough added: "@jkyleofficial’s been ace, Piers. I think he’s done you proud. B****y love the Jezster!" (sic) Piers Morgan Uncensored airs between Monday and Thursday on TalkTV.