Doria Ragland, who turned 66 today, has only been in the UK a handful of times, mainly to visit her daughter Meghan Markle when she was a working royal. Judi James, a professional body language expert, has analysed Doria's actions when she's amongst the Royal Family, particularly in comparison to how Carole Middleton behaves in royal circles. Carole, the mother of Kate Middleton, has been "immersed in royal culture for a lifetime" Judi argued, unlike Doria. Judi explained: "Carole Middleton, like her daughter, and like most people living in the UK, has been immersed in royal culture for a lifetime. "That tends to reflect in her body language since she has become the mother of a future Queen. "Like Kate, she uses subtly deferential lowering signals when she’s in royal company. "For instance, adopting her daughter’s signature pose of the hands held clasped in front of the lower torso (holding a clutch bag).  "Also, Carole stands slightly back to subtly lower her own status signals when she is around the Queen. "Even walking with her husband Carole appears to adopt a similar look of shyness with the hands held in a barrier ritual despite the more carefree-looking smile." How does Doria's body language compare?  Judi claimed: "Doria Ragland’s body language in the UK was much calmer and more confident, albeit quietly confident.   "Doria seems to have a natural charisma. "Her hand clasp is higher, held slightly above waist height, and combining it with the pashmina worn round her shoulders gives a look of elegance with no signals of status-lowering or self-diminishing traits. "Doria looks like a proud mother might at any wedding as she stands holding Charles’ arm and smiling happily and when her grandchild was introduced to the Queen.  "Ms Ragland leans in naturally too, to see little Archie." READ MORE: Doria Ragland is 'a long-time advocate of yoga' - exercise routine  How did Doria cope with royal protocol? Judi suggested: "There is no sense of her being over-awed by royal protocol and presence, just a happy confidence to be there with her daughter." How does Carole differ?  Judi opined: "With Carole, there seems to be a slightly cautious and at times wary or aware ingratiation process when she’s with the royals as well as signals of enjoyment of her royal association status at other times."  Doria has her own property in Los Angeles that she inherited in 2011. It is just a two hours drive from her daughter's home in Montecito. She lives in a house in the View Park-Windsor Hills neighbourhood of LA. It is located between Culver City and Inglewood, just east of Los Angeles International Airport.