It comes following a number of outspoken claims and interviews from the Duchess of Sussex in the last few weeks, which some have alleged could be an attempt to gauge the interest of the US media again. In the wake of her 6,500 word interview with The Cut magazine, Meghan has been slammed on social media for a string of allegations against the Royal Family and British media. Meghan has also attempted to make her way back into the spotlight after releasing two episodes in her 12-episode Spotify podcast Archetypes.  The Duchess made several claims in these podcasts which made headlines globally, and her interview stirred the pot further as she claimed the British media called her "children the N-word". But despite these fresh accusations, it appears the US media is warming more towards Kate Middleton and Prince William. A US TV insider told The Telegraph: "Meghan is sort of regarded as tabloid fodder these days. "I wouldn’t say her popularity has waned but her star draw has. She was riding on the cusp of being the Duchess, but a lot of their projects have failed and some of the lustre has gone.  "It would be unfair to say she’s not popular but we are doing less on her. We are more likely to do something on William and Kate now." Meghan recently suffered a setback after a much-hyped animated series with Netflix called Pearl was axed amid cuts at the streaming giant. Royal commentator Neil Sean suggested the axing was "embarrassing" for the Duchess and it would have "hit Meghan very hard". Yesterday morning, Meghan received a mere two-and-a-half minute segment on Good Morning America following her bombshell interview. READ MORE: Meghan's latest podcast episode savaged 'Disconnected from reality'  Another source said Brits are "wrong" for thinking America is "obsessed with Meghan" when it is in fact the Queen who they are "really obsessed with". In July, a survey found just 25 percent of Americans were "very or fairly interested" in reading Prince Harry's upcoming memoir, with a YouGov poll in April determining that just 45 percent had a "favourable or somewhat favourable" view of the Duchess. The interview with Meghan was published on Monday and made a series of damning references to her strained relationship with the Royal Family. Martin Daubney, a journalist and politician, claimed the interview had "exploded in her face" as she faced backlash over her comments. DON'T MISS:Royal Navy chief explains why £3bn HMS Prince of Wales broke down [INSIGHT]Man who lived in shipping container for 30 years evicted by council [PICTURES]Officer 'sexually assaulted by numerous men' at Notting Hill Carnival [COMMENT]  He added on GB News: "She says it’s about truth bombs but I think it has completely exploded in her face. There’s an astonishing litany of allegations." Nelson Mandela's grandson Zwelivelile 'Mandla' Mandela questioned Meghan's suggestion that her marriage to Prince Harry sparked scene of joy in South Africa, similar to the 1990s release of the anti-apartheid campaigner. Speaking to the MailOnline, he said: "It can never be compared to the celebration of someone's wedding. "Madiba's celebration was based on overcoming 350 years of colonialism with 60 years of a brutal apartheid regime in South Africa. So it cannot be equated to as the same." 