The two have been having an affair behind their respective partners' backs for weeks, and despite Chas (played by Lucy Pargeter) initially insisting their romance would be purely physical, Al (Michael Wildman) admitted a while ago he was getting attached. Chas tried to end things, but the Emmerdale cheats can't seem to keep away from each other. Official spoilers from the ITV soap reveal the two will start to fall for each other. In a spontaneous moment of passion, could Al suggest they leave their partners and get married? In upcoming scenes, Al and Chas revel in their intimacy, but Al decides to confess his love. Stunned, Chas hastily retreats as Al remains adamant he didn't say it in the heat of the moment. However, as Chas starts to see that Al genuinely loves her, she is taken in by his vulnerability and begins to fall for him. The U-turn is a surprising one because Chas was insistent for so long that nothing more could come of their affair. She has explained to Al a few times that she will never leave her partner Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt). READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash Recently, she angrily confronted Al after hearing about his plans to break up with Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton). "What's all this you finishing things with Kerry?" She demanded furiously. "Look, I'm just not comfortable stringing her along," Al replied. He added: "It turns out I do possess a conscience after all." "But you like her!" Chas fumed, continuing: "This arrangement we have, that's separate. It doesn't have to change anything." "Only, it has," Al pointed out. He explained he was no longer interested in Kerry. As Chas tried to argue, he said: "I've had time and all I can think about is you and us, and why we keep coming back to each other again and again." He explained he cares about Chas and hates seeing her with Paddy. "People walk out on marriages all the time," he argued, to which Chas replied: "Not this one." She fumed: "I told you this was purely physical, if your ego can't handle that..." DON'T MISS... Bradley Walsh scolds playing for link to rival show 'Not winning!' [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Life-changing secret about Sam Mitchell unveiled [THEORY]All Creatures Great and Small season 3: Helen fears she'll lose James [LATEST] She denied she had feelings for him, but Al didn't believe her. Chas decided it was then time to stop their affair, but her plan didn't last long and the pair were soon together again. With Chas now developing strong feelings for Al, it's probably only a matter of time before they decide to break things off with Paddy and Kerry. When Chas eventually admits to Chas that his feelings are reciprocated, he is bound to be over the moon. With Chas initially being so reluctant to allow feelings between her and Al, she might still have concerns about throwing everything away with Paddy in case Al changes his mind.  Perhaps, while explaining her fears to Al, he will come up with a solution to prove he's completely committed. The farmer might propose to Chas, who is bound to be shocked initially. But, realising their strong feelings, she might decide to agree to marry him. However, she'll probably want to break up with Paddy and give him time to move on. Not wanting to flaunt their love in Paddy and Kerry's faces, the pair could decide to move on from the village. Will the newly engaged couple leave Emmerdale for good to start a new life following their affair? The village won't take kindly to them having cheated, so it might be wise for them to keep a low profile. With the locals all enjoying village gossip, the two will know they are bound to be the talk of the town. Wanting to shield Paddy and Kerry from further hurt, they might conclude it would be in everyone's best interests for them to leave. Will a double exit for two key characters be on the cards? Emmerdale continues on Friday at 8pm on ITV.