But the facts and the law are clear. When those fleeing poverty, destitution, tyranny, war and hunger reach a safe country like Italy or France they have a clear obligation to declare themselves and ask for asylum. Then they are supposed to be lodged while their applications are processed by the country they have chosen as their desired final settlement – probably the UK. In fact Italy and France channel them quickly and with help towards the north-west, the Calais coast facing the white cliffs and into the hands of the traffickers waiting to run them across the last 22 miles of calm Channel for a fat fee. Surely there is a resolution we have not tried. We could save their lives by picking them up (which is what we do) then bring them ashore (which we do). But we could run them to the Channel tunnel under guard and put them in a sealed carriage on the Eurostar express to Paris with a single ticket. What would, or could, the French do? It is all perfectly legal. With the first five hundred milling around the Gare du Nord, foraging for food and a place to camp, our Gallic allies might think about fulfilling their part of the supposed agreement. They might even set up a processing camp for them and we could send over a team of civil servants to consider their applications to come here. Some would succeed, some fail. But at least we would be back in charge. That was the whole point of Brexit, which at the moment is a joke in bad taste. As for the columns of Albanian gangsters, the no-nonsense French would certainly use another sealed train from Paris to Tirana.  The University of St Andrews has been bellyaching that long ago we Brits stole rubber from the Empire in order to make golf balls and thus committed an act of naked imperialism. Poppycock. The real story is far better. Back in 1850 rubber was the new wonder product and the world had never seen anything like its amazing properties. Slight problem: the only known source was the rubber tree and the only known such trees in the world grew in Brazil – which belonged to Portugal. Realising it had a world monopoly, Portugal put a total ban on the export from Brazil of any tree or seedling of such. But in 1876 a British adventurer called Henry Wickham sailed quietly up the Amazon, went into the jungle and with the help of natives located forests of rubber trees. He “nicked” 70,000 seeds, wrapped them in protective banana leaves, stowed them below decks and slipped away back across the Atlantic to deliver his cargo to Kew Gardens. Despite the rigours of the journey our botanists saved 12 per cent of the seeds and bred them. Then we shipped them to India and Malaya, thus creating flourishing new industries and giving work and prosperity to millions. The dons of Fife have got the story wrong. We did not steal rubber from the Empire; we pinched it from the Portuguese and gave it to the Empire. Years later we took some back to make golf balls. We still do. The “persecuted” toilers of the ex-Empire are making a tidy living out of it. For that matter all rubber, except the synthetic variety, has to be imported as we do not grow any rubber trees.  As a cricket-watcher since boyhood I was prepared to give a fair trial to various forms of shorter and faster cricket being tested to attract a nation that has no patience any more. I could see the point of the One-Day International to replace the four or five-day Test, but The Hundred is surely a joke in poor taste. One might as well be watching a game of rounders on the school playground. Switch channels and there are the familiar white flannels and red ball, umpires who do not look like clowns and stylish strokes. In the England-South Africa Tests we had brilliant centuries from Stokes and Noakes. And there was measured judgment as England chose when to declare rather than be told their hundred balls were up. The really good things in life usually require a bit of patience and at least white-flannel cricket has a bit of dignity.  Facts are still facts and a square mile is a fact. In Ukraine the self-defending Ukrainians have retaken an area the size of Denmark from the high point of Russian conquests of their landscape. The contrast between the two maps, then and now, is stark. From much of the east of the country Russia is down to the tiny provinces of Donetsk and Luhansk plus a strip along the south coast. Even here they are constantly under attack at night from fast-moving and lethal guerrilla groups. The US think-tank Institute for the Study of War calculates Russia has taken just one per cent, a tract the size of Andorra, compared to what they have lost. Defence Minister Shoigu tried to tell the world everything was going to plan. Losing all the summer’s gains is “according to plan”? Some plan!  Few things in life are certainties. One is that Liverpool police will not have to wait long before a voice on the phone whispers a name and an arrest is possible in the case of the savage killing of Olivia Pratt-Korbel. Even the criminal underworld, sleazy thought it be, has its limits of patience. In this awful case even the Liverpool gangsters seem to have decided that those limits had been passed. Well, the 84th birthday rolled by last week, but quietly thank heavens. One hates a fuss. Both sons called from their respective homes in Sweden and Ibiza and Sandy the CO had prepared a magnificent cake. Also from her was a card from my all-female family – the CO, two Jack Russells and the imperious cat Tonka – of the rare Tonkinese breed and seemingly aware of it. There was a shelf of cards, including one from the lovely staff at the Jolly Cricketers where I take my lunch. A nap followed by an evening watching so-called celebs attempting general-knowledge quizzes on the telly, confirming that “celeb” now means thick as a plank. And so, as Pepys put it, to bed. 