Prince Harry and Meghan Markle settled down in California shortly after they moved stateside in 2020. The pair moved to the United States after living in Canada for nearly six months and is believed to have changed home at least once before settling on their current £11.4 million Mediterranean-inspired family home. But the couple might have sparked the frustration of their neighbours after a rather high-maintenance request, Mr Vickers suggested. Speaking to True Royalty's Royal Beat, the historian said: "The Sussexes didn’t have a tennis court and so they asked - or their team asked - some neighbours, ‘Could they come and play tennis on your tennis court?’ "The people said, ‘absolutely, no problem at all’. Then another message came saying, ‘You do appreciate that when the Sussexes come to play tennis, you’ll be obliged to leave your property?’ "At which point I think the answer was slightly different.” Mr Vickers' comments however are believed to refer to one of the previous properties the Duke and Duchess of Sussex stayed at before buying their Montecito home. JUST IN: Hello neighbour! Kate arrives for first day at new home as royal couple move to cottage In fact, the couple's current property is believed to have a private tennis court on its grounds. Further details about the Sussexes' home were unveiled last week during Meghan Markle's latest interview with The Cut Magazine. The feature detailed Meghan and Harry's office is decorated with "two plush club chairs placed side by side behind a single desk, facing into the room like thrones." The pair also owns a grand-piano gifted to them by actor-director Tyler Perry, who hosted the couple and their son Archie when they first moved to the United States from Canada. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan face being 'frozen out' over 'threats' to Firm Article author Allison P Davis said: "The Montecito house is the kind of big that startles you into remembering that unimaginable wealth is actually someone’s daily reality." The Duchess had previously offered a glimpse into her personal office during a video she released for her 40th birthday to launch her 40x40 project. Meghan could be seen sitting at a light wooden desk placed in front of a stone fire, with one of the couple's dogs sitting on a plush cushion on the floor. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle embarrassed as Mariah Carey calls out Duchess [REACTION]Queen health fears reignite as Charles paying 'highly-unusual' visits [INSIGHT]Meghan needs 'an intervention' after interview claims [ANALYSIS] The Duchess of Sussex said she and Prince Harry initially avoided visiting the Tuscan-inspired villa as they did not think they could afford it. She said: "We did everything we could to get this house. "Because you walk in and go... Joy. And exhale. And calm. It’s healing. You feel free." She also noted two of the trees planted in the house's garden had been a pivotal feature in selecting the house as Prince Harry suggested they represented the loved-up couple. Meghan noted: "And now every day when Archie goes by us, he says, 'Hi, Momma. Hi, Papa.'"