Liverpool's new signing Arthur Melo has lifted the lid on how he held extensive talks with Jurgen Klopp about his vision for the midfielder after sealing a deadline day move to Anfield. The Brazilian joins from Juventus on a season-long loan deal to provide cover in midfield and the 26-year-old spoke of his delight about joining the Reds. The central midfielder will link up with the Merseysiders for the rest of the season and becomes Jurgen Klopp’s fourth summer signing after Darwin Nunez, Calvin Ramsey and Fabio Carvalho. Juventus have confirmed in a statement that Liverpool have paid £3.9m (€4.5m) to secure the former Barcelona man on loan, and the Premier League side retain the option to make the deal permanent for £32.5m (€37.5m) in the summer if Arthur impresses. And the Brazil international could hardly conceal his delight at joining Klopp’s squad of stars, revealing how he held long conversations with the German tactician before deciding to make the move to Anfield. READ MORE: Liverpool failed with 'late move' for Luiz after Arsenal bid rejected “I’m really, really happy to be here wearing this great shirt with this famous badge that represents so much in world football, it’s a dream," Arthur told the club's official website. “We talked a lot, and our ideas and visions were a good fit so I’m sure it was the right choice. I’m really happy and highly motivated to continue living my dream on the pitch and giving my all in a Liverpool shirt.” Arthur will wear the No 29 shirt during his temporary spell at Anfield, which has been left vacant since Dominic Solanke left the club to join Bournemouth. He becomes the latest Brazilian to move to Merseyside, following in the footsteps of Philippe Coutinho, Roberto Firmino and Fabinho. DON'T MISSLiverpool signing £30m deadline day target impossible after late moveFive craziest deadline day deals including Man Utd and Liverpool movesLiverpool's Caicedo transfer would be bad news for four players The central midfielder has been frozen out at the Allianz Stadium under Max Allegri, making only 11 starts in Serie A last season under the Italian coach. He nearly joined Arsenal in January, only for his loan move to collapse at the 11th hour. Those transfer links continued with the Gunners this summer before Liverpool pounced to strike a deal with the Bianconeri. His signing comes at a welcome time for Klopp, who has been left down to the bare bones in midfield due to a spate of injuries. Thiago Alcantara and Curtis Jones have been sidelined in recent games, forcing Klopp to use Harvey Elliott in a midfield three with Fabinho and James Milner or Jordan Henderson.