The-15-year-old was approached by a man believed to be in his 60s while playing in the swimming pool with his niece, reports the MailOnline. The man allegedly put his arms around the boy and touched him while asking his age. Following the encounter, the boy jumped out of the pool and told his family what had happened. Security were called. A passenger, who is understood not to be British, was later confined to his cabin. When the man arrived in Istanbul, he was reportedly taken to a local police station where the boy and his mother made a formal complaint. His mother told MailOnline about the ordeal. She said: "I'm just so shocked and my son is still extremely distressed by what happened. "He hasn't eaten properly in three days and is very scared and wary now of adults and basically, he is just in pieces. "He approached my son when he was in the pool and he was asking him his name and then his hands went under the water and they were all over my son."  She added that her son was "terrified" by the incident. The incident occurred near the end of a luxury Mediterranean cruise costing £20,000. The boy was reportedly examined by a local doctor following the incident. The boy's mother said that she contacted the British Consulate in Istanbul following the incident which advised her to go to local police. She added that there was CCTV footage of the incident from the cruise ship which she has asked to be forwarded to her. She said: "We were in the police station in Istanbul for eight hours and so had to change all our travel plans to get home but my son is in bits.  READ MORE: Horror as 5 rushed to hospital after being mauled by Rottweiler  "You wouldn't expect this sort of thing to happen on a luxury cruise in the Mediterranean." A Foreign and Commonwealth Development Office spokesperson said: "We are supporting the family of a British child following an incident in Turkey and are working with the local authorities." The alleged incident happened on a Seven Seas Explorer cruise. In a statement, Regent Seven Seas Cruises said: "We are aware of a recent incident on board Seven Seas Explorer. "The safety and security of our guests is paramount and we have provided support to the family but we are unable to comment further on an ongoing investigation." Turkish police are said to have confirmed an investigation is underway. The man detained in Turkey is believed to have strongly denied any allegations of wrongdoing.  