Whether it's the stain from a muddy paw print or a spilt beverage, if carpet stains aren't tackled straight away they can damage your flooring for good, Lynsey Crombie (@lynsey_queenofclean), also known as the Queen of Clean, said the best thing to do is to tackle the stain "as soon as possible". She spoke to Express.co.uk about four of the best substances to use to banish carpet stains, and one of them might come as a surprise. Lynsey explained that "white shaving foam" can be used to clean an unwanted stain if you get to it straight away. This can be a useful hack if you don't have a carpet cleaner to hand, however, you should begin by spot-testing a small patch of carpet first. The cleaning expert said: "Get to them as soon as possible and use cool water rather than hot water as hot water will set the stain further into the carpet, and you can use white shaving foam." READ MORE: 8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick Only plain, white shaving foam is safe for use on carpets as it does not contain any dyes or emollients which could lead to further stains. On her Instagram page, Lynsey has previously shared tips for how to use the "inexpensive stain remover" on carpets as part of her "cleaning tip Tuesday" series. She said: "Shaving cream is simply a form of whipped soap. When applied it lathers up, penetrating and adding moisture to just about any stain. "Just use warm water and a small soft brush or cloth and very gently rub into the stain leave for 10 minutes, then rinse away. "Then open up your cloth into a square and pat dry. I opt for a white cloth so I can see the stain lifting out." Finally, you should let the carpet air dry naturally. If you don't want to use shaving foam, Lynsey said "washing up liquid diluted or laundry liquid detergent" will also both work to "remove stains". The hack can also work on some rugs, though you should be sure to spot-check a specific area, as some materials are more sensitive to stains than others. DON'T MISS'Quick fix' for grout mould and mildew on bathroom tiles [COMMENT]Nigella Lawson: Inside the Tv chef’s quirky £5million London home [REVEALED]Five household areas to avoid cleaning with white vinegar [EXPLAINER] Lynsey also shared some tip top for keeping your carpets and rugs looking fresh throughout the year. The TV cleaning expert, has also joined forces with the appliance experts at Swan, to produce three new products to eliminate bacteria, remove stubborn stains and offer an all-around floor-to-ceiling clean in the home. She said: "Regularly vacuum your carpets and rugs and use your vacuum nozzle to go around the edges near the skirting boards as this is where a line of dust can appear. "If you have a rug flip it over and vacuum from the reverse as this will push out the dirt and bring the fluff back. "If you have a steam cleaner steam every so often as this will remove odours and bring the pile back to life and use a carpet cleaner at least four times a year."