Last month fans celebrated the life of Elvis Presley while commemorating his death day. The King was found dead in his home, Graceland, on August 16, 1977. But did he really die? Fans and conspiracy theorists have suggested throughout the decades that Elvis didn't really die, but instead faked his death to get away from some sort of mafia altercation. The first rumour came just days after Elvis died on August 16. The report suggested that they saw a disguised man who looked "a lot like" Elvis at the Memphis airport on that same day. This mystery man supposedly booked and boarded a one-way flight from the Memphis International Airport to Buenos Aires. To make matters even more convincing, this man gave a name only Elvis would use. The man bought a ticket under the name Jon Burrows. Dedicated fans of the King would know that Jon Burrows was the pseudonym Elvis used to check into hotels while he was on tour. He would use this name so fans could not track him down in the dead of night by just asking for "Elvis" at the desk. By using this name, Elvis may have just wanted to get away from his fame and fortune and instead live a simple life in the heat of Argentina. READ MORE: Elvis Presley: Ann-Margret refuses to watch one of the King's movies However, there are some flaws in the supposed first sighting of the undead Elvis. Patrick Lacy, the author of the book "Elvis Decoded", suggested this conspiracy theory was just that - a conspiracy. The writer claimed that, in 1977, the Memphis International Airport did not have any direct flights to Buenos Aires. Despite this, there is also a major flaw in this debunked notion. DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley: Ann-Margret refuses to watch one of the King's movies [NEWS]Elvis movie: Austin Butler got acting advice from Beatles star [INFO]Elvis: Dad Vernon chokes up in beautiful tribute to The King [INSIGHT] Elvis, of course, had his own private jet. The star bought a Convair 880 plane just a few years earlier on June 17, 1975 for the gigantic sum of $250,000. He named it The Lisa Marie (after his daughter and only child, Lisa Marie Presley). With this presumably stationed nearby at the local hangar in Memphis, could Elvis have used The Lisa Marie to fly wherever he wanted on the day of his "death". Despite rumours that Elvis survived on August 16, 1977, his funeral went down in history. Just a few days after the star died, thousands of people attended Graceland to pay their respects to the King. Everyone arrived to mourn the singer, from his ex-wife, Priscilla Presley, to his ex-lover, Ann-Margret. SOURCE / SOURCE