Max Verstappen has been tipped to obliterate Sebastian Vettel's record F1 world championship winning margin of 155 points, according to Express Sport readers. An overwhelming majority also believe Verstappen's main rival Charles Leclerc stands no chance of overturning the Red Bull racer's current 98-point lead. The Dutchman claimed his maiden F1 world title in controversial circumstances last season having entered the finale in Abu Dhabi level on points with rival Lewis Hamilton. This time around, however, the championship race has taken an altogether different look. On Sunday, at the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen fought from 14th on the grid to take a stunning ninth victory in 14 races this season and continue his domination. The reigning world champion's team-mate Sergio Perez claimed a second-place finish in Spa to leave the Red Bull pair occupying the top two positions in the current drivers' standings. Amid Mercedes' well-documented struggles, Ferrari's Leclerc has emerged as Verstappen's main rival this season, but the Monagasque could only claim a sixth-placed finish at the weekend having started one place below the championship leader, in 15th. The result means Perez has leapfrogged the Ferrari man into second in the standings, some 93 points adrift of his team-mate, while Leclerc now sits a further five points behind Verstappen. READ MORE: Helmut Marko shares when Red Bull expect Max Verstappen to win title And according to Express Sport readers, even with nine races remaining, it seems incredibly unlikely Verstappen will squander his almighty advantage. Of those that voted in the Express' recent poll, a mere 7.8 per cent felt Leclerc could still overturn Verstappen's enormous buffer, with a whopping 92.2 per cent feeling the 24-year-old Dutchman has already done enough to retain his F1 crown. On top of that, an overwhelming majority backed Verstappen to extend his advantage and finish the campaign with F1's biggest ever winning margin in drivers championship history - a record currently held by Sebastian Vettel who finished a mammoth 155 points clear of Fernando Alonso back in 2013. Some 67.7 per cent of Express Sport voters backed Verstappen to smash that record this season. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen 'not good for F1' as Red Bull star's father bites back [COMMENT]Wolff delivers Verstappen dominance verdict as Hamilton struggles [INSIGHT]Verstappen warned to expect same complaints as Hamilton and Schumacher [ANALYSIS] After slipping further adrift of Verstappen following Sunday's result, Leclerc himself admitted it will be "very difficult" to catch the relentless Red Bull driver. Discussing his title chances, Leclerc said: "It starts to look very difficult, especially with the pace [Red Bull] have shown this weekend. "But I will get my head down, try to focus race by race and give it my best. Again, it starts to look very difficult [in terms of still being in the championship fight], but I will try my best."