Leicester boss Brendan Rodgers has decided he will not sell Youri Tielemans today, according to reports. Arsenal are claimed to have made a late approach for the Belgium star, which has been rebuffed. Tielemans has been linked with a move to Arsenal since the January transfer window. He is said to be keen on joining the Emirates club having entered the final year of his contract at Leicester. However, it looks likely he will have to stay at Leicester until January at least. The Independent claims Arsenal have been unsuccessful in a late move for the 25-year-old. Rodgers does not want to lose another star player from his squad. The Foxes already allowed Wesley Fofana to leave for Chelsea earlier this week. The Blues signed the French defender for a fee of up to £75million. Rodgers will therefore attempt to block any exit for Tielemans. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  Arsenal need a midfielder following injuries to Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey. Skipper Martin Odegaard also limped off late on in Wednesday's 2-1 win over Aston Villa. Albert Sambi Lokonga put in a fine display in his first start of the season. However, Arteta is still keen on bringing in at least one new face. Speaking in his post-match press conference, the Spaniard said: "Obviously, [Elneny's injury] has an impact because Thomas is injured and we are a bit short in that position. We have Sambi and Granit can play there but we are looking at options in the market. "The club has been super supportive to keep improving the squad and the team as we can, and if the right player is available and we can do it, we will try." DON'T MISSTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League moveArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline day  Aston Villa star Douglas Luiz is now thought to be Arsenal's top midfield target before the 11pm deadline. Villa are reluctant to sell despite the player being in the final year of his contract. Luiz scored directly from a corner for Villa at the Emirates. Luiz would provide over 100 games of Premier League experience having joined Villa from Manchester City in 2019. A midfielder is likely to be the only incoming at Arsenal today. Ainsley Maitland-Niles looks set to leave and join Southampton on loan, with an option to buy. Meanwhile, Hector Bellerin is a target for Barcelona. He could have his Gunners contract terminated and move to the Nou Camp on a free transfer.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here