The BBC presenter was known throughout the television industry as collegiate and courteous and after he left found solace in his two greatest passions - bee keeping and his beloved Wycombe Wanderers Football Club. Despite being ravaged by cancer he still made time to pester stubborn men of a certain age to get checked - and considered this his greatest achievement. Father-of-three Bill was diagnosed in 2017. A year later he joined a Prostate Cancer UK campaign called Men, We Are With You. He said: “After the eighth round of chemo I asked the consultant to release me from the treatment. I just couldn’t bear it any longer. We ended up doing one more, and then called it a day. When I was first diagnosed, my PSA [prostate-specific antigen] level – the standard marker, determined by a blood test – was 583. It should have been less than five. We got it down to the 50s, so we’ve made some progress. “The cancer has stopped spreading, but it hasn’t been beaten back entirely. We’re at a stalemate.” Bill joined forces with Sir Rod Stewart, Stephen Fry and Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent to front the campaign. Sir Rod told how he had fought a secret two-year battle with prostate cancer and urged men to get checked early and in a message to millions of men said: “Guys, you’ve got to really go to the doctor.” He was given the all-clear in 2019, two years after his diagnosis.  But it was Bill’s searing honesty, appearing on The BBC Breakfast sofa regularly to speak about his diagnosis, prognosis and thoughts about living with cancer, that saw awareness rocket, leading to more men getting checked and ultimately receiving life-saving treatment. After he inspired tens of thousands of men to come forward multi award-winning Bill, 66, the main presenter of BBC Breakfast from 2001-2016, and Songs of Praise, joked it was the “one useful thing” he had done in his life. He too admitted to being a stubborn man who had shrugged off nagging doubts about his health, later admitting he was “cross with myself” at not visiting a GP in four years before he finally got checked. The former Classic FM broadcaster had prostate tests at 40 and 50 but said the disease had already spread to his bones when he saw a doctor about long-term aches and pains which he had simply dismissed as “old age”. Guildford-born Bill enjoyed long-distance running, conquering the London Marathon and Great North Run. He was content to live a quiet life at home in Suffolk with his wife Sesi, commentating on Wycombe’s home games for his army of online listeners. Earlier this year pushed Prostate Cancer UK’s campaign to find 14,000 undiagnosed men who needed urgent treatment.  He said: “So much has been done to raise awareness of prostate cancer in recent years, and it’s critical we don’t lose any more ground because of the pandemic. “Prostate cancer is so much more treatable when it’s caught early, unfortunately mine wasn’t. So if you’re a man who’s at risk of the disease or worried about prostate cancer, don’t put off going to the doctor to talk about it. “It’s understandable that people haven’t wanted to go to their GP during a pandemic, but the message is the NHS is open and they want to see you.” Bill’s former BBC colleague George Alagiah, who was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer in 2014, said he had set an example to all facing shattering diagnoses. He said: “It’s very sad day for the millions who knew Bill from TV and for colleagues at the BBC. Well done Bill for setting an example for all of us living with life-threatening illness.” Turnbull passed away peacefully at home in Suffolk surrounded by family. He is survived by wife of 34 years Sarah, two sons Henry and Will, plus daughter Flora. Bill Turnbull born January 25, 1956 - died August 31, 2022 aged 66. 