Rafael Nadal suffered a freak injury at the US Open after accidentally hitting himself in the nose with his racket. The Spaniard required treatment on a bloodied nose during his victory over Fabio Fognini. Nadal overcame a terrible start against his Italian opponent to progress to the third round at Flushing Meadows, winning 2-6, 6-4, 6-2, 6-1. He will play Frenchman Richard Gasquet as he seeks to complete a fantastic year with another Grand Slam. But the 22-time major champion was involved in a bizarre incident against Fognini as his racket rebounded off the hardcourt and smacked him in the face. The tennis icon was 3-0 in the fourth set when he hit a forehand shot, only for his racket to hit the ground and then bounce back up into his face. Nadal was left dazed and required treatment before returning to see off Fognini. “The rebound off the court... boom! Right on the nose,” commentator Robbie Koenig observed having seen a replay of the incident. JUST IN: Cameron Norrie cruisis into US Open third round after Joao Sousa win “[I'm] Wondering if it just stunned him a little bit. It's a rule that the players aren't allowed to play if there's any bleeding going on.” Nadal quipped afterwards that he has suffered the injury before, but only while playing golf. He admitted that it made him feel dizzy. The 35-year-old said in his post-match court interview: "Yeah, it was just a little bit dizzy at the beginning and a little bit painful. [I've done it before] with a golf club, but not with a tennis racquet." DON'T MISS...Nick Kyrgios explains 'professionalism' after spitting and swearingAndy Murray lifts lid of sleep secrets before US Open Berrettini clashJohn McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talks Nadal trailed by a set and 2-4 before mounting a stunning comeback against the world No 60. He now goes into the third round, and is hoping to win a third Grand Slam of the year. By winning at the US Open, he would re-extend his majors lead over rival Novak Djokovic by two. Asked how he came back into his match against Fognini, Nadal said: "Just try to play a little bit better because the worst was difficult. In some ways, I had to start to feel myself a little bit on court to put some balls in and just try to be on the match because for more than an hour and a half I was not competing, one of the worst starts probably ever. "But yeah that's part of the game. You need to stay humble you need to accept the situation. It hasn't been an easy month for me so I know that this kind of stuff can happen. It's another opportunity for me. Still life after this means a lot. I cannot thank everyone enough for the support."