Hundreds of Ukrainians were forcibly deported to Russia in early April and thousands more have since followed, Mariupol officials reported, as Russian troops then gained control of eastern Ukraine. Dominika Byela, a Mariupol deportee, fled a Soviet-like refugee camp with her mother and brother to Poland. She shared a traumatic episode when she was playing Lego with Russian boys. She told Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty: "Once the boys were playing with Legos and were saying: 'The Lego man is a Ukrainian soldier, and this one is Russian.' "And the Russian soldier shoots the Ukrainian. "We were waiting for the bus back to come one day. "They said to me: 'Do you know that you are no longer Ukrainian? You are Russian now.'" The Russian boys then asked her: "Do you know that Mariupol is now Russia and not Ukraine?" The little girl retorted: "Is it occupied, but that doesn’t make me Russian. "I was born in Mariupol, Ukraine, so I’m Ukrainian. I didn’t want to live in the country that destroyed my life and took everything away." More than half a million Ukrainian civilians have been deported to Russia by Russian forces, Ukraine's permanent representative to the United Nations claimed in April. READ MORE: Russia loses second ammunition depot in 24 hours amid Ukraine attack After more than two months of intense fighting, the Ukrainian city of Mariupol fell to Russian troops who forcibly relocated them to Russian cities. Ukraine's Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk then said 40,000 had been moved from Ukraine to Russian-held territory without any coordination with Kyiv. Deporting civilians is an internationally-recognised abuse of human rights for a warring party. Close to 2 million Ukrainian refugees have been sent to Russia, according to both Ukrainian and Russian officials. DON'T MISS:'Nuclear weapon used in next 10 years!' Ellwood rings alarm bells  [REPORT] Kherson on fire as high-tension war zone rocked by incessant blasts [VIDEO] Lukashenko's troops prepare to seize 'lost territory' in army drills [REPORT] While Ukraine considers those journeys as forced transfers to enemy soil, Russia calls them humanitarian evacuation of war victims who already speak Russians. The relocation of millions of Ukrainian 'victims' is part of Vladimir Putin’s war rhetoric. In the early days of the war, Putin called for a "special military operation" aimed at protecting the Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic – two Ukrainian provinces he unilaterally declared as independent in a speech preceding the invasion. READ NEXT:Putin setback as 'effective strikes' demolish vital river crossingMikhail Gorbachev 'psychologically crushed' in final daysPutin's pundits let slip Russia plan for 'extraterritorial operations'Zelensky's men push Putin onto back footPutin's puppet in horrifying purpose of life class to Russian kids 