Triple H has 14 world wrestling championships, 5 heavyweight records and a grand slam championship under his belt but has given it all up for retirement. Joining This Morning on Friday, the WWE legend made Vernon’s day when he gifted him with his belt from the Clash At The Castle. Now Vice President of WWE, Triple H spoke candidly about leaving the ring behind as he dealt with a health scare. Rochelle asked: “First of all, how are you?” “I’m great, I’m 100 percent. As good as new,” Triple H replied. “I had a bit of a health scare with my heart. “I had a genetic issue with my heart. All behind me now. It’s all good.” READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife Rochelle probed: “How hard was it for you to retire? I can imagine it’s like, when it’s your life, how hard was it for you to make that decision to retire?” “There’s nothing like standing in a WWE ring,” Triple H explained. “When you have like 75,000 fans in the stadium, you know just going crazy and you’re controlling that emotion, there’s no feeling like it in the world. “You know that as a performer so thats the adrenaline rush you get from all of it.” He continued: “But for me, I had a career people dream of and when it came down to the end of that career and it got time for me to retire, I was completely happy with that. There was no regret.” As the interview came to an end, Triple H announced he had a surprise in store for the ITV host. “I’ve got to say Triple H, thanks so much for coming on the show,” Vernon began. But he was interrupted as Triple H cut in: “Before we sign off, I brought a gift for you guys. DON'T MISS...'A wonderful life' Bill Turnbull's response to cancer diagnosis [VIDEO]GMB sparks uproar with Winnie the Pooh horror debate 'Who cares?!' [WATCH]Charlie Stayt on why some BBC presenters never host together [INSIGHT] “It was out here when we started but this is in our business, WWE Championship is the sign of ultimate success, that you have made it in the world. “This one is customised with Clash of the Castle in Cardiff on there and I brought this as a gift for you to wear.” Rochelle left out of her seat to hold the belt up against her before conceding Vernon would have to take it home. “If you want fight over it later that’s totally up to you,” Triple H laughed. Rochelle handed it over: “This is fully yours my friend, this is yours.” Vernon was lost for words as Triple H confirmed he could keep the belt and he held it up against his waist: “No way!” “I’m absolutely speechless,” Vernon smiled before he later revealed his friends had been texting him about the gift. This Morning airs weekdays on ITV from 10am.