Gary Lineker, 61, has spoken about the difficult time he went through after his son George battled through Leukaemia. The sporting star explained in a recent interview his fears that George’s cancer could return. The son of sporting legend and Sky Sports commentator Gary was first diagnosed with blood leukaemia at just two months old. Seven of the first nine months of his life were spent at Great Ormond Street hospital in London. Talking to The Mirror, the former footballer said his ex-wife Michelle Cockayne slept with George in the hospital the whole time, while Gary would come every day after training. George is now 30 years old, and the family have taken to the hospital once more to kickstart the “finish it” campaign to raise £10 million for a new National Children's Blood Cancer Trials Network. READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role “We feel indebted to charities that raise money to get research that enabled George to have the life he has had because without that amount of research and people putting money in that research he wouldn’t be in that position today." explained Gary. “It always gets to me, sitting there watching a parent sitting next to their child knowing it’s touch-and-go, it’s hard. “But you smile, it’s lovely to take George in, he’s 30 years old and he was given very, very little chance and here he is." After George left Great Ormond Street, he would return on a regular basis until his late teens for “research purposes”. Gary expressed fears about the prospect of the cancer returning after treatment. He said: “Always in that period - George is our eldest but we had three other kids as well - when they get colds or don’t feel well or get a poorly tummy or a sore throat you don’t think anything of it but for George, for those few years after treatment, every time he had a cold or anything, you think: ‘He’s not is he?" The campaign urges football fans to buy a £14 virtual seat in response to the fact that every 14 minutes, someone in the UK is diagnosed with blood cancer. Gary was married to Michelle from 1986 to 2006 and the former couple share son George together. DON'T MISS... Meghan squirms as Mariah Carey scrambles to defend Duchess 'dig' [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosis [UPDATE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments[ANALYSIS] He then went on to marry Danielle Bux in 2009, until they split in 2016. Gary spoke about his relationship with Danielle in May, when he appeared as a guest on a BBC Sounds podcast. The pundit was asked how he has been managing his emotions following their divorce. Danielle and Gary originally met on a blind date, after being set up by a mutual friend. He explained: “It’s always a difficult experience to go through. “For me, I had two really, really good marriages. “I’m still good friends with both, particularly Danielle [who is] like my best friend.”