Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag was delighted as Antony signed his contract with the club on Thursday. The Brazil international has moved from Ajax in a huge £84million deal. And the Red Devils are hopeful he can shine at Old Trafford and lift them out of their post-Sir Alex Ferguson slump. Manchester United confirmed they’d signed Antony earlier on transfer deadline day, saying in a statement: “Manchester United has completed the transfer of Antony from Ajax. “He has signed a contract until 2027, with the option of an additional year. “Antony has 31 goals and 27 assists in 134 club appearances for Ajax and Sao Paulo, and two goals and two assists in nine senior appearances for his native Brazil. “He has won two Eredivisie titles, and a gold medal in the 2020 Summer Olympics.” And a video uploaded by the club shows Ten Hag beaming as he greeted Antony as Carrington. The Dutchman was seen asking the winger ‘are you ready?’ while embracing him, with the duo previously working together at Ajax. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Antony appeared a little sheepish but also had a big smile on his face, with the 22-year-old now eager to take the Premier League by storm. He won’t be in the squad for tonight’s Premier League showdown with Leicester as the Red Devils seek a third win in a row. But, speaking after his move to United was confirmed, the Samba star admitted he was delighted at finally making the move to Old Trafford after a summer of speculation. “This is an incredible moment in my career to be joining one of the most iconic clubs in the world,” he said. “I’m thankful to everyone who has believed in me, especially my family, and all my coaches and team-mates, because I could not have got here without them. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “Playing under Erik ten Hag at Ajax was perfect for me and my development. “His style of football and coaching brings out the best in me, and I am excited by what he has told me about his plans and ambitions in Manchester. “My time at Ajax was fantastic and I will always be grateful for the trust they put in me. “But now I am ready for the next challenge, and I can’t wait to join my new team-mates and play my part in bringing success to Manchester United.” United chief John Murtough also reacted to the news, hailing the deal by saying: “Antony is one of the most exciting young talents in European football and has exactly the right profile for the attacking, dynamic team Erik [ten Hag] is building. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “We have been especially impressed by his desire to join Manchester United and to be part of a long-term project to get the club back to the levels of performance we all expect.” Ten Hag was quizzed on Antony at his pre-match press conference on Wednesday. And he expressed a belief that the winger would be a huge asset for him as he looks to turn things around at Old Trafford. "Offensively we need to strengthen our squad, because we have many games to cover,” he said. “From now on we go three games a week, every three or four days. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "As you know, offensive players fatigue more quickly because they have to run more at high intensity. “We expect that from them with our way of play, so we need more numbers but not only numbers, we need quantity as well as quality." Ten Hag then stated that United would be keeping hold of Cristiano Ronaldo, too, with the veteran set to challenge Antony for a starting berth. "It's clear, of course [Ronaldo is still part of my plans]," he said. "We need quality players, and you need more to cover all of the games and to keep our consistency going. “That is what we strive for." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here