Edson Alvarez has reportedly skipped Ajax training this morning in an attempt to push through a move to Chelsea. The Blues made an offer of £43million for the defensive midfielder on Wednesday. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is desperate to make further signings before the 11pm deadline tonight. He took the club's spending to over £250million earlier this week with the purchase of defender Wesley Fofana for an initial £70m. However, Tuchel is far from done there. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is his top striker target and an agreement with Barcelona is said to be close. And it appears Alvarez is his top priority in midfield. Dutch outlet De Telegraaf claims Alvarez is keen on a move to Stamford Bridge. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  The 24-year-old told Ajax this morning he wants to join Chelsea. He has decided not to train in order to negotiate with the west London club. Ajax are yet to reject Chelsea's initial offer for Alvarez. That has given the player hope a deal can be completed on the final day of the window. Alvarez joined Ajax from Mexican side Club America in 2019 and has already made over 100 appearances for the Dutch giants. However, he could be yet another high-profile player to leave Ajax this summer. Chelsea lost 2-1 to Southampton on Tuesday and have won just two of their first five matches of the season. Before the trip to St Mary's, Tuchel made it clear he wants to make further additions to his squad. DON'T MISSArsenal have found Elneny replacement amid two deadline day pursuitsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League moveFour players Chelsea could sign before 11pm transfer deadline  The German said: “Right now I think we could need some more players in some positions. It’s very close to the end of the transfer window and when 1 September comes I will be a happy coach no matter what happens. "I will try to find solutions and not think about what might have happened or what could be.” Fofana has since been announced but it appears there could be two further additions today. An agreement is set to be reached with Barca for the sale of Aubameyang. Chelsea are likely to pay the La Liga club £10m and include Marcos Alonso in the deal. Douglas Luiz has been linked as an alternative signing to Alvarez. However, Villa are reluctant to sell despite the player being in the final year of his contract.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here