The Premier League transfer window closed last night after nigh-on £2billion of play-money business with a to-and-fro debate over which club had ‘won’ it. Well, Chelsea certainly spent a lot, as did plenty of others including Manchester United, West Ham and Nottingham Forest but in reality there can be only one winner because of the arrival of one player. In signing Erling Haaland at the start of the summer, Manchester City moved the goalposts. They were hard enough to play against anyway but the purchase of the Norse goal god has proved a game changer. If City were a rocket assembled to go to the moon, they would have just added the nose cone. Two hat-tricks in his last two matches from Haaland have clarified the level of threat to the rest of the Premier League. As if Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard did not have enough on his plate he has to come up with a plan to stop Haaland tomorrow. Some ropes perhaps? When you see Haaland and Arsenal’s Martin Odegaard in action this season you wonder how Norway could have failed to make the World Cup finals. The other nine must be really bad. At 22, Haaland has already scored 20 goals in 21 internationals for his country. He scored 86 in 89 games for Borussia Dortmund. He is on nine in five for City. After he missed a sitter in the Community Shield and Darwin Nunez scored there was knee-jerk talk that Liverpool may have made the smarter move in the market. How wide of the mark does that look at the moment? We have yet to see how Nunez measures up to the demands of the Premier League with the Uruguayan having spent his time on Merseyside so far suspended but we know for sure now Haaland is made for it. He is such a physical presence but smart with his movement too. Poor Joe Worrall, handed the short straw of trying to shut him down for Forest on Wednesday night, was rag-dolled and given the runaround for good measure. In front of goal he has been lethal. He has scored a goal every 12 touches which is a strike rate no-one else has matched in the Premier League since the statistics started to be gathered 19 years ago. At £51.3m initially, Haaland - at least by the standards of football’s madhouse economics - represents a snip. City have actually made a net profit this window in stark contrast to some of their past splurges with the sales of Gabriel Jesus and Raheem Sterling to Arsenal and Chelsea for the best part of £100m balancing the books. Both have started well at their new clubs and are scoring goals but Haaland’s fast start means that City are able to shrug and point to their big, square-shouldered No 9. Upgrade, no? While Jesus and Sterling gave a lot to City during their time at the club, Haaland offers a different dimension. It is not simply the weight of goals but where he scores them from. Five have come from inside the six-yard box. With Haaland in the side, City have a proper poacher. The question of how many goals he could end up with this season for City is a piece-of-string-length-measuring job. Certainly Kevin Phillips’ record of 30 in a debut season is in grave danger; Mo Salah’s 38-game season mark of 32 is also under threat. But Haaland should have the overall record of 34 shared by Alan Shearer and Andy Cole in his sights. He is absolutely capable of breaking it.