Pippa Middleton is celebrating her 39th birthday on Tuesday, and to commemorate, a style expert has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk to analyse her best outfits. The younger sister of Kate Middleton has had many iconic fashion moments in the public eye. One of the most globally talked about moments was when Pippa was a bridesmaid at the Duchess of Cambridge's wedding in 2011. Pippa's dress was designed by Sarah Burton, the creative director of Alexander McQueen. The figure-hugging dress featured a cinched waist, capped sleeves, and 58 buttons that ran all the way down the back. However, there are plenty of other Pippa outfits that are equally deserving of attention, if not more. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox said: "Pippa Middleton is known for her elegant and fashionable appearances and it is clear that style and sophistication run in the family. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle  "From her bright red dress paired with beige espadrilles and a Panama hat, giving us Amalfi Coast vibes, to her £695 blue silk style decorated with the classic Kate Spade flower print, with a flattering draped neckline and puff sleeves, she certainly can pull off anything. "Following in her sister’s footsteps who is not only a Duchess but also a worldwide fashion icon, her style tends towards the classy and elegant. "Pippa might emulate some of her sister’s looks, however it is clear that she has a favourite style all her own: she wears short, cap-sleeved dresses that are perfectly tailored to her figure." How does Pippa differ from the Duchess of Cambridge?   Daena explained: "Pippa is a private citizen, not a royal. "However due to her bond to the Royal Family, there are dozens of protocols she has to follow to prevent landing into embarrassing fashion faux pas. "It is customary to dress modestly during public appearances, in order to preserve the sanctity of the Royal Family." What have been Pippa's most iconic looks? READ MORE: Pippa Middleton is set to become a Lady while Kate will be a Princess  Daena opined: "Many of her outfits have made it to the front page - however, some that haven’t are equally attention-grabbing and deserve a lot more praise. "For example, for her attendance to the Cirque du Soleil at the Royal Albert Hall in early January, she wore a dazzling and vibrant red Alexander McQueen co-ord with matching red stiletto heels. "This was paired with a Sandro black trench coat and eye-catching multicoloured tassel earrings." What did this outfit say about Pippa's personality?  Daena suggested: "This statement outfit definitely shows a fiery and playful yet mature side to Pippa, that is always polished and put together. "Plus, every colour seems to match her olive skin tone." Which other Pippa outfits are most memorable? Daena claimed: "Donning a dark green Emilia Wickstead dress with a matching Jane Taylor London hat and rocking four-inch black heels whilst being heavily pregnant in 2018, she won the praise of fashion experts with the romantic and elegant outfit at Princess Eugenie's royal wedding.”