 Amazon’s hit comedy The Marvelous Mrs Maisel ended season four with Moishe Maisel (played by Kevin Pollak) surviving a near-fatal heart attack after discovering Mei Lin (Stephani Hsu) was pregnant. Shirley Maisel star Caroline Aaron spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the eagerly awaited fifth season and hinted at Mei’s fate.   During the season four finale, fans were relieved to discover Moishe had survived a shocking heart attack, which led his family to believe he would die. The medical emergency took place after Joel Maisel (Michael Zegen) finally told Moishe about his relationship with Mei. Although Joel grappled with guilt and blamed himself for his father’s heart attack, in the finale Moishe confirmed Joel wasn’t at fault. However, fans are yet to see how Joel’s mother traditional Shirley will react to the news of her family expanding. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling  Shirley star Caroline Aaron opened up the show’s eagerly awaited fifth season and hinted at her character’s reaction. The actress shared: “Well, I think she’s not going to be happy about the choice. “I think that ultimately the best part of Shirley is that she just wants her children to be happy.” Caroline added: “I think she will work very hard to get Mei to convert and certainly to raise this child Jewish and that will be very important to her.    “That probably won’t be her decision but she’s going to try and make it her decision if she has her way. “But I think that ultimately, Shirley embraces life and would never reject her son or anybody that he loved, if they were going to be part of her family, they’re going to be part of her family.” Although Shirley and Mei have met, Mei never revealed her identity as Joel’s pregnant and soon-to-be wife, who also wasn’t Jewish. With Moishe knowing the truth about Joel and Mei, season five could see Shirley feel heartbroken about being left in the dark about her son’s relationship. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [THEORY]The Marvelous Mrs Maisel's Shirley star pays tribute to Kevin Pollack [INSIGHT] How many episodes are in The Marvelous Mrs Maisel season 4? [INSIGHT] Shirley had been eager to see her son move on after his divorce from Miriam ‘Midge’ Maisel (Rachel Brosnahan) and often hounded Joel about being single. In season four, Shirley had even set him up on a date, when Midge’s mother Rose Weissman (Marin Hinkle) expressed her sadness about seeing him single. Rose stated: “Joel, I still consider you a family member, and it seems a shame that you're alone.” Although Shirley went on to reveal that she had played matchmaker, Joel expressed his disinterest.    “Excuse me, Ma, for not wanting to go out with a pregnant divorced woman," he said. However, Shiley defended her match and responded: "She's not divorced, her husband died." With Shirley eager to see Joel in a happy relationship, fans will have to stay tuned to see how she will react to his engagement with Mei, as well as her pregnancy. Although Amazon Prime Videos confirmed the show had been renewed for its fifth and final season, a release date has yet to be announced. The Marvelous Mrs Maisel seasons 1-4 are available on Amazon Prime Video.