But I have, over recent years had many a squirm followed quickly by seething anger when certain things, like dancing and kissing at certain marches, males wearing high heels (to experience what it`s like) and rainbow-painted vehicles, take the place of nicking thieves, burglars and rapists. We have truly lost the plot but sadly the fallout of all this nonsense put together with successive Government policy is a total loss of respect and trust in the office of constable. Policing by consent is out of the window as forces resort to reactive rather than proactive policing. I honestly don’t see how it will ever be recovered unless there is a significant change that must start from the top. The influence of the College of Policing is untenable and yet tangible in all operational decisions, and that has to stop. Decisions on day-to-day operations must lie with the divisional commanders and their team leaders at inspector level. They are much better placed to understand the needs of their local communities. Will we ever see the return to the days of zero tolerance for social misbehaviour and minor crime we enjoyed under the likes of Willie Whitelaw, Home Secretary under one Margaret Thatcher? I doubt it but the basics have to be revisited. Community Bobbies always will be the best way forward. Local knowledge and intelligence gleaned by community bobbies was almost always the start of any investigation. There is of course a need for coppers to drive high-powered vehicles, but the presence of a bobby on the beat, as reassuring as it was, was also scary. Kids knew they were a safety net, but not now, they are ridiculed and filmed on hundreds of mobiles, and no help is offered whatsoever. The report released by the Policy Exchange merely reinforces what is written above, something I and many other old-school coppers have been championing for over a decade.The new Commissioner of the Met is making all the right noises, and I hope he is successful in putting back in place, bobbies on the beat. It’s a mountain to climb, it's expensive but it is most certainly the only way to get law and order back on its axis.One thing he and other chief constables across the land must introduce is discipline. The Police was always a disciplined service, the turnout of officers was paramount, and many a constable was told to polish boots and get a haircut before the next tour of duty. I cannot be the only one who observes officers in the modern day who are slovenly and unkempt and fat and unfit.Policing can be saved but a stringent no-nonsense ideology must be implemented. A return to basics and engagement with the public which does not include dancing, kissing and parading about in rainbow ties is long overdue.We wait and see.