Chelsea have had to put their pursuit of Red Bull Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol on pause after he put pen to paper on an extension with the Bundesliga outfit. The Blues had reportedly submitted a £77millino bid for the centre-back, and they are expected to reignite their interest once more in January. Gvardiol was one of the standout performers in the Bundesliga last season, showing immense talent and the potential to develop further given that he is just 20 years old. Though Leipzig set their stall out early this summer that they had no intention of letting the centre-back leave, despite interest from Tottenham and Chelsea. According to Fabrizio Romano, the Blues submitted a bid for Gvardiol of £77m and offered to loan him back to Leipzig for the rest of the season. However, the offer was turned away as there was ‘no time to complete the agreement’. The Croatia international has extended his stay at the Leipzig for a further year until 2027, though Chelsea remain hopeful that he will be their player before then. It is expected that the club will re-open talks to try and sign the defender, with the intention of him being available at the start of the next season.  Thomas Tuchel’s side have been desperate to add depth to their defence this season – and that appears to be for the long-term as well given the nature of the proposed deal for Gvardiol. They have signed Kalidou Koulibaly, Wesley Fofana and Marc Cucurella so far this summer in what has created a new-look defence. They have also welcomed the arrival of Raheem Sterling up front, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang also Chelsea-bound to compensate for the departures of Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner. They have also been linked with Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha and PSG ace Neymar – though those deals appear very unlikely at this late stage in the window. Speaking after extending his contract with Leipzig, Gvardiol said: “I'm very happy to have extended until 2027 because I still want to achieve a lot with RB Leipzig. I feel the club's trust to continue my development. We're in the Champions League again, won the DFB Cup last year and want to play for titles again this year." “I am very grateful to those responsible in the club that they plan long-term with me and want to continue on this successful path with me." It remains to be seen whether Chelsea are able to strike a deal for the defender in January and by how much they will need to increase their offer given that he is now on a more lucrative and longer deal with Leipzig.