Venus Williams has been tipped to follow in her sister’s footsteps after Serena confirmed her retirement following her US Open defeat to Ajla Tomljanovic. After her 7-5, 6-7, 6-1 loss Serena lavished praise on her sibling, who has fielded questions regarding her future in the sport at the Major. Venus avoided talking about her possible retirement in a press conference after her first-round loss, but former world No. 7 Barbara Schett believes that her time in tennis may also come to an end soon. "It’s hard to believe the Serena Williams era is finished, probably the Venus Williams era is finished as well,” Schett told Eurosport. “It was just unbelievable how she held up such a big fight at the end as well. I don’t know the last time Serena played a match that lasted over three hours, it was such a battle and it took Ajla Tomljanovic six match points – Serena just wanted to stay out there. "It was amazing how Serena played in those moments [facing the match points], she was so aggressive and came up with some of her best shots actually every single time. Serena and Venus have been through thick and thin pretty much whatever happened on the tennis court, off the tennis court, they started this tennis journey when they were little kids. JUST IN: Williams' US Open opponents apologise after beating them in doubles “I remember when Venus came on tour and said in an interview, 'just wait until my little sister Serena comes along' – and we all thought what is she talking about, it’s impossible that someone plays faster and better." After Serena’s emotional goodbye to the sport she lavished praise on her sister, who has won seven Grand Slam titles in a glittering career. “I wouldn't be Serena if it wasn't [for] Venus,” Serena said as she bid farewell in New York. “So, thank you, Venus. She's the only reason that Serena Williams ever existed.  “Thank you daddy, I know you're watching. Thanks mom. Oh my god,” Williams said post-match before she broke into “happy tears”. Venus entered the US Open as a wildcard but suffered a 6-1, 7-6 (7-5) defeat to Belgium’s Alison Van Uytvanck before she was defeated in the doubles with her sister by Czech duo Linda Noskova and Lucie Hradecka. She spent nearly a year away from the sport before returning to prepare for the US Open with first-round defeats at the Citi Open, the National Bank Open, and the Western & Southern Open. “It was definitely the longest time I have been away from tennis and been without a racket in my hand,” Venus said after she lost to Van Uytvanck. “It was a completely new experience for me, getting a racket back in my hand and trying to acclimate as quick as possible to be ready for the US Open, which was not easy.”