For the past few years, Kevin Costner has been setting the small screen alight as the ranch owner and generally no-holds-barred landholder John Dutton in Paramount Network’s Yellowstone. And despite a fifth season of the record-breaking cable drama just months away from its premiere as filming continues in Montana, Costner has been hard at work on his own Western project. Costner, through his own production company Territory Picture, will produce, star in and direct the feature-length period drama, Horizon. The two-time Oscar winner’s new movie will take viewers back in time to the American Civil War era, spanning 15 years before, during and after the conflict. Deadline adds: “Experienced through the eyes of many, the epic journey is fraught with peril and intrigue from the constant onslaught of natural elements, to the interactions with the indigenous peoples who lived on the land, and the determination and at many times ruthlessness of those who sought to settle it.” And Costner isn’t the only big name who’ll appear in the film, with the latest cast announcement confirming some very well-known Hollywood A-listers. READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Beth Dutton should’ve been killed by Jamie One of which happens to be The Walking Dead legend and Guardians of the Galaxy star Michael Rooker. Rooker became best known to fans of the hit AMC horror series as Merle Dixon, the obnoxious and brash brother to Daryl Dixon (Norman Reedus). The latest wave of casting news has also confirmed Goliath’s Jena Malone, Narcos: Mexico’s Alejandro Edda and Reservation Dogs star Tatanka Means will appear opposite Costner. They also join a number of big-named stars in the line-up already confirmed to star, including Sienna Miller and and Sam Worthington. The likes of Jamie Campbell Bower, Luke Wilson and Thomas Haden Church round out the cast for Costner’s new venture. With production still in its early stages, there is no confirmed news of when exactly Horizon will arrive in cinemas. However, Costner fans don’t have long to wait to see him back on screens with Yellowstone season five penned for a November premiere. And to get excitement levels rising ahead of John Dutton’s return, Paramount has released a short teaser trailer to hint at what’s in store. DON'T MISS:Yellowstone newcomer Lainey Wilson shares sweet tribute from Beth starYellowstone season 5: Kevin Costner rules out major Beth changeYellowstone's Cole Hauser thanks crew member as he admires new feature Complete with the tagline “all will be revealed”, the trailer shows all of the Dutton clan in rather perilous situations. It kicks off with Beth (Kelly Reilly) looking rather shellshocked by an unknown figures approaching her from behind. There’s also the sight of a distraught Kayce (Luke Grimes) who’s left holding his head in his hands after some presumably bad news. Elsewhere, Jamie (Wes Bentley) appears to have been blindsided by someone or something again as he stares open-mouthed at the camera. Beth’s other half Rip (Cole Hauser) also appears to be on the warpath in season five as he’s shown loading up his gun. The promo ends on Costner’s John, suited and booted at what could be the start of his campaign to be Governor of Montana. With Beth to one side and current governor Lynelle Perry (Wendy Moniz) to the other, the future for John looks to be an action-packed one should the position become his. For now though, fans will have to wait until the full-length season five trailer to see if any more clues are given as to what lies ahead. Yellowstone season 5 premieres on the Paramount Network in the USA on November 13. Seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the UK now.