Rafael Nadal has shared an update on his wife's health after she was hospitalised. The tennis star, 36, who is currently competing in the US Open, has shared an update after he was has reportedly left fuming after footage of his wife, Mery Perello, entering hospital was leaked. Speaking about his wife being admitted to a hospital in Mallorca, the star reassured fans that she is well. Nadal said: "As much as there have been all kinds of claims in the press in relation to my wife's health, my wife is fine, I'll just leave that there." It comes after the star is said to be furious after his pregnant wife’s medical information was leaked after she was admitted to hospital at home in Mallorca while he was away in New York for the US Open. The family are now considering moving Mery Perello to another facility after footage from the hospital was also leaked,it has been reported. READ MORE: Ulrika Jonsson blasts Katie Price's 'holidays' amid moaning about kids The Spaniard’s family is said to be “very angry” that a video showing the moment Perello arrived at Palma’s Hospital Quironsalud Palmaplanas was leaked to the press and they will now be “looking for the guilty parties”, per Marca. There is some good news as the 22-time Major champion’s wife is said to be out of danger and improving, though will remain hospitalised. And the Nadal family is said to now be considering whether they will move her to another facility. It comes after his wife's medical information was also leaked to the press, with reporters said to be waiting outside of the hospital. The leaked reports indicate that Nadal’s wife - who is currently 31 weeks pregnant - will remain in hospital until she reaches 34 weeks as a precaution for observation. Nadal has remained in New York where he is competing at the US Open for the first time since winning the tournament in 2019. However, the tennis pro but is said to be furious with the invasion of his wife’s privacy. Meanwhile, Perello has been joined in hospital by her parents and by Nadal’s sister Maribel, one of her long-time friends. DON'T MISS.... Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow [INSIGHT]Sue Barker asked Cliff Richard to stop ‘harping on’ about her [ANALYSIS]Ashley Roberts, 40, showcases sculpted body in tiny purple bikini [UPDATE] They remain by her side while the 22-time Grand Slam champion seeks a record-extending 23rd title as he continues his comeback from an abdominal injury that forced him to withdraw from Wimbledon. It was only revealed in June that the couple are expecting their first child together. Pictures published in Hola magazine showed Nada's wife with her blossoming baby bump. Days later, was forced to confirm the news during a press conference, with the purpose of announcing that he would be playing at Wimbledon for the first time in three years. Confirming the news, he said: "If all goes well, I'm going to be a father. “I'm not used to talking about my private life. We live calmer with a lower profile. "I don't expect that my life will change much with it," he ended his statement. The couple have been together for almost two decades and married for almost three years. They are expecting to welcome a boy in October, a celebration that will coincide with their third wedding anniversary.