Lando Norris has announced he and girlfriend Luisinha Barosa Oliveira have broken up ahead of the Dutch Grand Prix. The McLaren star revealed the pair had split after “time and consideration” but would remain friends. Norris also urged his supporters to respect the Portuguese model’s privacy after the split. The McLaren star made the announcement on Instagram ahead of this weekend’s race. In a post, he wrote: “Hello everyone. After time and consideration, Luisa and myself have mutually decided to end our romantic relationship but remain good friends. I wish her the world and have so much respect for her and all she does as such an amazing and strong women with nothing but kindness. “Pls respect our decision and respect our but more Importantly and especially her privacy moving forward. Thank you for your endless support.” It comes just weeks after Norris posted images of the pair kissing to celebrate their one-year anniversary. READ MORE: Lando Norris asks for Max Verstappen gift after early Dutch GP call Last month, Oliveira also helped model Norris’ Quadrant clothing range. The pair were snapped cuddling on a holiday to Ibiza during F1’s summer break earlier this month. Norris and Oliveira made their relationship official on social media ahead of the new season when the McLaren star posted a photo of them kissing in Dubai. Norris’ image suggested the pair had enjoyed a date driving quad bikes through the desert with the Briton adding the caption “my sunshine” underneath. The image even received the backing of former team-mate Carlos Sainz who reacted with “Its’s official”. DON'T MISS'Pretty shocking' Lando Norris opens up on McLaren struggles [COMMENT]Lando Norris outlines issue with McLaren car as Piastri decision due [INSIGHT]Lando Norris to gain F1 advantage as rally car ace makes big offer [ANALYSIS] Oliveira has travelled with Norris to several F1 events this season. Oliveira has yet to comment officially on the split but posted a cryptic message on her Instagram story on Wednesday. The message read: “Enjoy every given moment." Norris’ fans threw their support behind the star ahead of this weekend’s race. Twitter user @ScherazadeMS said: “In just one silly season, Lando Norris has lost not only Daniel Ricciardo but also Luisinha Oliveira. Be strong, buddy." @anacpkg added: "Lando Norris and Luisinha broke up?!?!?!?! Out of the blue." @ritafreitas16 commented: “Woke up and there's already F1 gossip Lando Norris and Luisinha broke up. I will go back to sleep."