Want to find out how to watch Everton vs Liverpool online and on your TV from anywhere? Scroll down for all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in Goodison Park this afternoon. Kick-off is scheduled for 12.30pm BST today (September 3, 2022). Anyone watching the livestream or broadcast from BT Sport can expect coverage to begin from 11.30am BST / 7.30am EST / 4.30am PT. Everton vs Liverpool is available on BT Sport 1 in the UK – one of a total 52 games that will has the rights to this season. BT Sport 1 is available on BT TV boxes channel 408 or 430 for HD, Sky TV channel 413, Virgin TV 360 channel 527, and TalkTalk TV channel 430. You'll need to have a subscription to tune-in on your television. Want to unlock access to BT Sport? Prices for the popular channel drop significantly if you already have a BT broadband subscription, with all Premier League matches available across the 2022/23 season for just £16 per month (plus a one-off £20 fee). If you're not a BT customer, it'll cost you £41 per month for the Big Sports package, which includes all Sky Sports channels, unlocking 160 live fixtures. Don't fancy signing up for another subscription? Regardless of whether you're a BT customer, you'll be able to buy the BT Sport Monthly Pass for just £25, which lets you stream any chosen match within the month via the BT Sport app and does not require a subscription. BT Sport app is available on a huge number of platforms, so you'll be able to watch from your iPhone, Android phone, tablet, iPad, laptop, or streaming set-top box, to name a few. If you're already subscribed to BT Sport, but you won't be back home in time to watch Everton vs Liverpool tonight, it's possible to livestream the Premier League fixture from your Android, iPhone, iPad or laptop using the BT Sport app. You can login to BT Sport as soon as you've placed an order for the subscription – so even if you signed up for the Big Sport bundle today and haven't had your new set-top box delivered, you'll still be able to stream from the phone or tablet app. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game as if you’re on the sofa at home. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from Goodison Park. Stateside? The Premier League rights were secured by NBC ahead of the 2022/23 season, so you'll need to be subscribed to NBC Sports to watch the game tonight. If you want to stream from NBC Sport, one critically-acclaimed option is Sling TV, which offers access to more than 30 channels streamed over broadband, including NBC, for just $35 per month. Like those in the UK who are out-and-about, if you're already subscribed to Sling TV but aren't located in the United States at the moment, you can watch the Everton vs Liverpool live stream by using a VPN such as ExpressVPN. It’s one of football’s biggest clashes and the Merseyside derby will be back on Saturday with Liverpool welcoming Everton to their home ground. Since the mid 1980s, it’s become one of the most intensified rivalries in the Premier League and is known for its significant amount of red carding. During the 2021/2022 Premier League season, Liverpool bagged the three points with a 4-1 win over Everton and goals scored by Diogo Joto, Mo Saleh and Jordan Henderson. And early in April, Liverpool won again with a two nil win, so Saturday’s match could see Juergen Klopp’s team at their best form. Liverpool are hotly tipped to be the ones to win this derby as they continue to show improvements with wins in their last two games. Darwin Nunzez will be returning to Saturday’s lineup having finished his suspension ban following a red card against Crystal Palace. In addition, Juergen Klopp confirmed in a press conference that Diogo Joto is back in training so there is a possibility fans will see him in the match. Meanwhile Jordan Henderson could be out of Saturday’s match due to a hamstring injury he picked up against Newcastle. Predicted on the lineup is Alisson Becker, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil Van Dijk, Jordan Henderson, Mo Saleh, Joe Gomez and more. However, Frank Lampard will definitely be wanting to come out on top of this one as pressure is building on Everton to secure a win. They haven’t brought a victory yet and drew against Leeds in a 1-1 tie. Injuries have been an issue on Everton’s side and Yerry Mina, Andros Townsend, Ben Godfrey, Mason Holgate, Abdoulaye Doucoure and Dominic Calvert-Lewin will all be off due to problems. Expected to play is Jordan Pickford, Vitaliy Mykolenko, James Tarkowski, Conor Coady, Michael Keane and more. MORE LIKE THIS