The Masked Dancer is back on ITV and a total of 12 contestants are donning their quirky costumes. Each week, one of the dancers will be asked to remove their mask and reveal their true identity. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who has been unmasked so far. Astronaut was brought back down to Earth in the first episode after he was unmasked as the US actor Jesse Metcalfe. The Desperate Housewives star said he thought it would be fun to take part as dancing is something that "intimidates" him. He said it was hard keeping his identity a secret, adding: "I’m obviously based in the US, and I couldn’t tell friends why I was in the country, so lots of ignoring messages and being vague about what I was doing…and even some outright lying. "The protocols on the stages were very strict. Annoyingly so, at times. Had to be entirely covered at all times: mask, balaclava, hoodie, gloves. "You literally couldn’t speak to anyone on stage during rehearsals for fear of being identified by your voice. Not talking was quite hard for me." READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode The first six masked celebrities included Candlestick, Scissors, Astronaut, Odd Socks, Prawn Cocktail and Pillar and Post. There are still six performers still to take to the stage, and they will dance in the next episode. Cactus, Onomatopoeia, Pearly King, Pig, Sea Slug and Tomato Sauce will all fight for their place. Viewers already have plenty of theories as to who is behind the other costumes. Scissors showed plenty of professionalism in their dancing and dropped some clues about touring and talent shows. There was also a reference to a cereal bowl, with some viewers suggesting it was Heart Radio presenter, Amanda Holden. The show's first duo, Pillar and Post, sent viewers into a frenzy with their performance and some strong contenders have been suggested. Viewers believe it could be former footballer David Seaman and his wife Frankie Poultney. Some fans also suggested presenting duo Marvin and Rochelle Humes, who both have dancing experience. As for Candlestick, there were a lot of references to being a judge in court. DON'T MISS... Where is Only Fools and Horses Damien Trotter star now? [INSIGHT] The Masked Dancer Scissors 'uncovered' as Amanda Holden after clue? [DISCUSSION] Oti Mabuse on Strictly co-star taking part in The Masked Dancer [INSIGHT] This led viewers to believe Judge Robert Rinder was behind the crazy costume. Odd Socks left everyone stumped, with some fans suggesting Stacey Solomon and Emma Willis. Elliot Gonzalez said on Twitter: "Emma Willis is a good guess for Odd Socks. The clues seem to stack up. "The soap clue could be related to Matt Willis being in EastEnders." Prawn Cocktail impressed the panel with viewers believing it was Rebecca Adlington. There are more clues than ever before this year but it does not make the challenge any easier. In this series footballing hero Peter Crouch joins the panel, and he treated viewers to his famous robot dance. He is seated alongside Jonathan Ross, Davina McCall and Oti Mabuse as they attempt to uncover the stars' real identities. Joel Dommett is back hosting the 2022 series and he too is completely in the dark about the real identities.  The Masked Dancer airs on Saturdays on ITV.