With the energy price cap set to rise to £3,549 annually from October, many people will be looking for ways to cut back. Although Bulb collapsed last November, it has since been bailed out by the Government to support its customers. The energy provider is aware many will be struggling to cover costs, and has offered some tips in an effort to help. Bulb's website states: “Saving energy doesn't have to mean shelling out on a new boiler. “A few quick wins make a big difference, whether you're a homeowner, renting your home or living with your parents.” Firstly, Bulb suggests saving energy could be as simple as making a change when one is making a cup of tea. READ MORE: ISA millionaires plunge but Britons could still achieve lofty goal Before flipping on the kettle, the provider suggests only filling it with the water one needs, as this could save around £6 per year on an electricity bill. A similar approach can be taken to the fridge, as cleaning and dusting around it every once in a while can help keep it clean and working efficiently. When doing the washing up, Bulb suggests completing this with a bowl of warm water instead of leaving the hot tap running, in efforts to cut an energy bill. Using the microwave, the supplier argues, often involves less time to cook and thus it uses less energy. DON'T MISSMartin Lewis' MSE points towards top 3.5% interest rate deal [LATEST]State pension warning as Britons face £315 shortfall - ‘not doable!' [INSIGHT]New state pension underpayments found - could you get money back? [UPDATE] When it comes to the laundry, people typically are set in their ways about how they would like their clothes and other items to be washed. However, Bulb suggests changing one’s approach could help them to save money, such as setting the washing machine to 30 degrees and air drying clothes. The supplier states: “Cut down on the number of washes you do by waiting for a full load. “Doing one less wash a week could save you £8 on your annual energy bill, not to mention a further £6 on metered water bills. READ MORE: NS&I premium bond prize draw - how to check if you've won “Setting your machine to wash at 30 degrees uses 57 percent less electricity than at higher temperatures. That'll earn you an annual saving of £8 a year.” Bulb asserts spending one minute less in the shower each day could save a household an average of £10 on their energy and £17 on their water bill each year. Hairdryers and hair straighteners are thought to be some of the most energy-draining devices in the home, and so limiting or ditching use of these has also been encouraged. Bulb said the biggest quick win Britons can action right now is to turn their thermostat down by just one degree. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This small act can help people to save £55 a year, as well as assisting in avoiding CO2 from entering the atmosphere. To stop heat escaping from the home, Britons could close their curtains, or put reflective foil behind radiators to reflect heat back into the room - the latter potentially saving around £13 per year. Bulb says these small changes, based on a typical home, could help Britons to save £168 per year. This could make a difference as energy bills continue to rise and many are worried about their usage. Of course, with bills soaring this is unlikely to make a significant dent, but could be useful. Those who are struggling to pay their energy bills may be able to benefit from financial support. They should contact their supplier in the first instance, and reach out to their local authority to see if any funding is available to them.