Chelsea winger Christian Pulisic has been urged to make a move away from Stamford Bridge on transfer deadline day, and could have a host of Premier League suitors. The American star came on as a substitute during Tuesday’s 2-1 defeat to Southampton, but was branded a “disgrace” for storming down the tunnel after the final whistle blew. Pulisic has struggled for regular game-time under Thomas Tuchel, and former Chelsea midfielder Craig Burley believes there are Premier League teams that he would be more suited to. “He [Pulisic] needs to go and play,” Burley told ESPN. “He needs to get away from these teams that are challenging for those elite levels. I am thinking like a Newcastle, or West Ham, we saw Jesse Lingard go in there last year and do a terrific job. “They have just signed Paqueta who is a terrific player. I am scratching my head, you don’t want to go somewhere like Southampton who have had some great results but they are a selling club. When Everton are in a better position than they are, that kind of club. “A team that are on the up, somewhere like Leicester City for me would be perfect for him with a manager that plays on the counter, they have got players like Harvey Barnes who is quick, Ayoze Perez and all these other guys. That kind of thing would be the perfect standard for him, where he is probably going to play 90 per cent of the games, if not more. When you are moving to these clubs at the top end of these leagues, the chances for him of getting regular game-time are diminished a lot.” Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace Pulisic had previously been linked with a move to Liverpool before Jurgen Klopp’s side boosted their forward line with the addition of Darwin Nunez, while the US international was also mentioned as part of a potential swap deal with Manchester United that would see Red Devils captain Harry Maguire move to Stamford Bridge, but interest from both clubs appears to have cooled. Chelsea have since denied Pulisic a move away from the club, a decision that The Athletic claim the player is disappointed with as he hopes for regular minutes before leading his country at the World Cup this winter. DON'T MISSMan Utd chief John Murtough could make three signings by 11pm deadlineFour players Chelsea could sign before 11pm transfer deadlineArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available' He could get his wish to leave, with forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang set to move to Chelsea on deadline day, but Callum Hudson-Odoi’s loan to Bayern Leverkusen may have taken priority and Tuchel could be reluctant to lose another forward option this summer. The 23-year-old has featured in every Premier League game this season, but each time has been off the bench after the 60-minute mark. Blues fans were frustrated with Pulisic after his latest substitute appearance during the defeat to Southampton, after he stormed down the tunnel at full-time while his team-mates stayed to applaud the travelling fans.