Portsmouth Police released images of a man they want to speak with in connection with the incident on Monday, August 29. The 11-year-old schoolgirl was making her way from Stamshaw Park, towards Rudmore roundabout in Portsmouth, Hampshire, at around 4.30pm.   The girl was then approached by a man, who directed inappropriate comments at her before touching her, according to police. The man took hold of her arm, police added. He is described as a black man with dark hair, somewhere between 18 and 25 years old. Portsmouth Police described the man as dressed largely in black, with a white T-shirt.  He is also reported to have donned a vest over the T-shirt. The man was also carrying a small bag on his person. The girl managed to get away from his grasp, making her way towards the nearby roundabout.  He then proceeded to follow the young girl as she made her way to a more public place. She then quickly called the police. The images released by Portsmouth Police are of a man the force "would like to speak to in connection with our investigation". The police said he was "seen in the area at the time". A spokesperson for the police said the man "made inappropriate comments towards her and touched her over her clothing". They added: "The girl managed to get away from him. "He followed her for a short distance but left once she reached Rudmore roundabout and called police." The young girl is receiving support from specialist officers. Portsmouth Police added: "We have been conducting enquiries since this incident was reported to us and now have these images of a man, seen in the area at the time, who we would like to speak to in connection with our investigation." The police have now appealed to the public for any information in relation to the reported incident. They ask any members of the public who were in the vicinity at the time or were witnesses at any point to come forward. The force also requested any dash cam footage that may have been captured in the area at the time. Information can be passed on by calling 101 and quoting the reference number 44220351818. 