Tim Henman has outlined the positives from Emma Raducanu’s US Open exit, despite the disappointment of her title defence ending in the first round. The 2021 champion lasted just an hour and 41 minutes this year as she fell to Alize Cornet in straight sets, but the former British No 1 claimed that the early exit wasn’t all bad. Raducanu returned to the US Open to defend her title after making history as the first qualifier to win a Grand Slam 12 months ago. But the world No 11 fell at the first hurdle as she crashed out to the veteran Frenchwoman 6-3 6-3 to mark the first time she had lost a set - let alone a match - in Flushing Meadows. With the defeat, the 19-year-old will now fall to No 79 in the world at best as she will lose the 2,040 ranking points she earned by coming through qualifying to win the title last year. But retired pro Henman has seen the bright side of Raducanu’s crushing defeat and admitted that there were two positives in losing early. “Look, we're all disappointed and no one will be more disappointed than Emma Raducanu herself,” the former world No 4 said on Amazon Prime Video. “She went out there and gave it her best shot. It was difficult circumstances. She was obviously feeling a bit nervous with the weight of expectation of what she achieved last yea JUST IN: Andy Murray ends six-year US Open wait with comeback win over Nava  Henman was court-side for most of Raducanu’s matches at the US Open last year, cheering her on from the sidelines and acting as something of a mentor to the teenager en route to her unprecedented triumph. And the Brit was the first to praise Cornet for her win before admitting that a fresh start with fewer expectations could be exactly what Raducanu needed after a rocky first season on the tour. “I think Alize Cornet deserves so much credit,” he continued. “Her variation, her experience, her drop shots. She was just a little bit better on the night. There's got to be perspective.” Raducanu went 15-18 in wins and losses between the 2021 and 2022 US Open, finding herself plagued by several injuries and niggles. DON'T MISS Nadal 'furious' at hospital video leak of wife after pregnancy scareRafael Nadal demands John McEnroe talks at US OpenRafael Nadal admits tennis retirement fears after winning on return  And Henman was glad to see her ranking become a better reflection of her current standing on the tour, while he thought Raducanu would benefit from less expectations weighing her down. He added: “Emma's had an incredible 12 months. There's been ups and downs.  “She's got to go away and reset. I think this will take the pressure off a little bit. Her ranking will be a little bit more realistic. Fingers crossed she can build from this." 