Video footage recorded by Ukraine's 30th Mechanized Brigade destroying Russian armoured vehicles is yet to have the location verified. Sources have claimed the military footage was either taken in the East or South of the country, where lots of heavy fighting is continuing to take place. The video showed the accuracy and skill of the Ukrainian army, which managed to take out the tanks with one hit of heavy artillery. The war in Ukraine has been heating up this week as Ukrainian soldiers fight to retake occupied regions of their country, back from Russia. The video shows a Russian armoured tank in a large unidentified field Ukrainian troops locate the tank and begin to take aim, before launching and detonating a weapon that precisely hit the tanks with one shot. The tank began to erupt with flames, as thick heavy smoke engulfed the first vehicle. The second tank was hit by Ukrainian forces and left to burn in an open field, causing a thick black cloud of smoke to continue to rise out of the top of the vehicle. JUST IN: Russia predicted to be 'North Korea on steroids', former Kremlin aide claims     Users on social media have been reacting to the video. One user @RadoHunterius said: "I think it is antitank-mine it is clearly visible on the right side before blast, counterblast is consistent with mine, and after hit, mine disappears." @Dhakapete said: "Looks like an nlaw. downward charge hits BTR while missile body carries on." @Doha11545350 said: "Did we see the usage of TOW Anti-tank missiles?" @Wilson121tovar said: "Glory to Ukraine." READMORE:Anne Boleyn breakthrough as NEW EVIDENCE gives ‘inside’ look at her inner circle @Wildcardgamez said: "Opens Twitter. Sees Ukraine weapons tracker having a field day for Russian losses. It's a good day." @Isalibacurtis said: "Oh yes! More! More!" @Airstriphighway said: "Nope, but NLAW probably. You can see the airburst first then the smoke trail from the non-exploded part of the missile." @Arjankoole said: "The first bunch of these had me looking the wrong way as well. It happens so fast it tricks you into thinking the direction is actually the other way. The one with the jeep ambush was shown to me frame by frame, then it clicked."  DON’T MISS: Nicola Peltz 'stormed off' in 'floods of tears' on wedding day at Victoria Beckham tribute[INSIGHT] Ukrainian children filled with courage as they return to schools that were shelled [REVEAL] Prince George and Princess Charlotte's close bond with Kate’s parents is set to strengthen [SPOTLIGHT]       