This week a report by former Det Chief Insp David Spencer, now head of crime and justice at the Policy Exchange think tank, said people feel cops have given up on burglary and robbery, adding that the chance of criminals getting caught for anything these days is slim to none because police no longer have the ability to solve crime. On top of that, the Chief Inspector of Constabulary, Andy Cooke, says the majority of burglary victims are being let down. Also this week we hear that in Lancashire mothers are patrolling the streets because police are refusing to protect their kids from brutal gang attacks. And Sussex Police are refusing to look into ex-murder suspect, Colin English, who duped social workers to win custody of a neighbour’s toddler via a secret family court hearing the child’s parents knew nothing about. It transpired he had been stealing their post to make a case against them and had forged their signatures. The little boy was snatched from his parents and handed over to English on the basis of a pack of lies, which incompetent Social Services and the Family Courts did not bother to investigate. How the hell was this allowed to happen? And why did officers ignore pleas from the toddler’s parents to investigate English, a decision they STILL refuse to overturn. Are they protecting his Human Rights? Or are they too busy – and if so doing what? They are not chasing burglars, robbers or rapists that is for sure.  The latest statistics show crime in England and Wales has hit a 20-year high. Knife crime is up, as are rapes, stalking and violent offences. Not surprising, because if crooks know police will not bother to investigate crimes of course they will commit more of them. And because of that – none of us is safe any more. Not even in our homes because criminals know sloppy policing means they can just march into our living rooms whenever they want. The police exist to keep us safe, not to sit at computers all day, not to dance at Pride marches, not to shove their political views down our throats. Their job is to protect the vulnerable and the powerless – and they are not doing it. It is why we now have six forces in special measures. It is why we have forces that knowingly hide criminals in their ranks, the most extreme being Wayne Couzens, affectionately known as The Rapist by his colleagues because of his revolting attitude to women. Couzens went on to murder Sarah Everard and now women do not trust the police. We need to stop recruiting officers because they are the right colour, the right religion, the right gender and employ them on their suitability for the job.  Spencer says he also wants chief constables given the right to sack officers – not take them to tribunals. He says officers should be banned from taking part in political activities, and there needs to be a change on how they deal with protesters – i.e. get tougher. He also says at least a quarter of all ranks from Inspector and above should be recruited from outside to stop the current faulty, woke mindset continuing. Because the rot is no longer about a shortage of officers – the Government has recruited nearly 14,000 more. It is about forces prioritising inclusivity over solving crimes. Public confidence is plummeting. Criminals should be scared of the police and they are not, they are laughing at them. We should respect the police, but we do not because we feel they are not on our side. And if there were 6,000 cops available for the Notting Hill Carnival last weekend why can there not be more on the streets protecting the rest of us? Oh dear, Meghan is starting to look a bit silly after her fantastical claim that in 2019 a cast member of the Lion King told her: “I just want you to know that when you married into this family we rejoiced in the streets the same as we did when Mandela was freed from prison.” Never mind that repeating that made her look narcissistic and self-important. But then Nelson Mandela’s grandson Zwelivelile hit back saying that “fighting 60 years of brutal apartheid is not the same as marrying a prince.” Now, the only South African member of the cast, Dr John Kani, says he is baffled because he was not at the premiere and has never met Meghan: “This seems like something of a faux pas by her. I have never met the Duchess.” He also said that her marriage to Harry would have been no big deal in South Africa: “The freeing of Mandela was a world event that lives in our memories forever and marrying into royalty cannot in any way be spoken in the same breath.” The only South African Meghan met that night was composer Lebo Morake who says he has no memory of saying anything like that. And this is the problem with many of Meghan’s comments – there are never any details, just wild, unsubstantiated claims. So maybe she would like to tell us exactly who said this to her so her credibility cannot be questioned – again. But guess what? Her “representatives” have not responded to requests for comment. Funny that!  The BBC is resurrecting the reality show, The Osbournes, as Sharon and Ozzy relocate to Britain after 20-odd years in America. How is that going to work, then? Because life in the Osbourne household sure as hell will not be the wild, crazy roller-coaster ride it was in LA. The wayward kids have grown up and gone and Ozzie will not be throwing bricks through windows or rampaging around the house screaming blue murder about Sharon’s dogs pooping on the carpet. This time round it will be about a pair of pensioners coming back to England to retire. Are we really all going to tune into that?  I am glad to see Lewis Hamilton found a use for that old tea cosy I donated to the charity shop. But seriously, I know people use clothes to send messages about who they are, how they feel, how they identify with the world. So I am wondering what message the tea cosy is sending? I am no psychologist but whatever the message is, it is confused and slightly worrying. How much money does David Beckham need? Current estimates are that he is worth £400million yet still he feels the need to trouser £10million from Qatar for a promotional video in which he claims the despotic Gulf state is “perfection”. Presumably he knows he is singing the praises of a country that is famous for misogyny and persecuting gays?