Serena Williams broke down in tears after losing her last ever match at the US Open and declared: “It has been a fun ride.” At three hours and five minutes, it was her longest ever match at the US Open. The American superstar lost in the third round of her home Grand Slam 7-5 6-7 6-1 in just over three hours to Alja Tomljanovic in a packed Arthur Ashe Stadium. She was given an emotional standing ovation despite the defeat. And Williams, who turns 41 later this month, struggled to speak through the tears in her courtside post-match interview as she thanked her parents Richard and Oracene. Her sister Venus was also in tears in her entourage. JUST IN: Jack Draper retires from US Open with injury as run ends in agony  The 23 Grand Slam champion said: “Oh my God! Thank you so much. You guys were amazing today. I tried. Ajla just played a little bit better. Thank you, Daddy. I know you're watching. Thanks, Mom. Oh, my God. “Just I thank everyone that's here, that's been on my side for so many years, decades. Oh, my gosh, literally decades. "But it all started with my parents. And they deserve everything. So I'm really grateful for them. Oh, my God. These are happy tears, I guess. And I wouldn't be Serena if there wasn't Venus, so thank you, Venus. She's the only reason that Serena Williams ever existed. DON'T MISS Rafael Nadal 'thought he broke his nose' in freak US Open accidentAndy Murray conqueror Matteo Berrettini whines to umpire after winAndy Murray overpowered by Berrettini as Brit crashes out of US Open  "I don't know. Just everyone from Jill to Isha to my sister Lyn, to my husband, Olympia, to Jarmere. Everyone in that box there today. Alexis, Kristy, Derrick. “It's been a fun ride. It's been the most incredible ride and journey I've ever been on in my life. I'm just so grateful to every single person that's ever said, Go, Serena, in their life. I'm just so grateful. You got me here.” Asked by interviewer Mary Jo Fernandez if there was any chance she might reconsider her retirement. Williams replied: “I mean, I'm literally playing my way into this and getting better. I should have started sooner this year! I don't think so, but you never know. I don't know.” Tomljanovic said: “I am feeling really sorry because I love Serena as much as you guys. What she has done for me and the sport is incredible. This is surreal to me. She is the greatest of all time. Period. I will miss not seeing her on the court. It will not be the same.”