An investigation has found the “festival of Brexit” has had only a fraction of the predicted visitors. After ministers hoped it would attract 66 million people, the £120million project Unboxed has had a mere 238,000 visitors. The festival, an idea of former Prime Minister Theresa May, brands itself as the “biggest and most ambitious creative programme ever presented on these shores”. An investigation released this week by political journal The House uncovered the damning figures. The £120million - which is paid for by the taxpayer - is more than four times the £28million used for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in June this year. The festival, which launched on March 1 this year, has sought to distance itself from the “Festival of Brexit” label. READ MORE: 'Bitterly disappointing': Angry MEPs order EU to punish Brexit Britain The series of events got its moniker from arch-Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg. A spokesperson for Unboxed said: "There are absolutely no references to Brexit in our Full Commissioning Agreements with the 10 projects. "With 10 projects (each delivered by multiple partners) and a significant number of events running concurrently, the plan has always been to release engagement data as part of the final evaluation." They went on: "Some initial output data and information is due to be released in November once the live events have concluded. “The Unboxed team monitor attendance at individual activity for the seven projects now live and are pleased with how the public are engaging." The ambitious project, which includes a decommissioned North Sea offshore plant regenerated into an art installation and “live shows, nightlife and digital experiences created in collaboration with the moon,” has failed to attract the audience originally predicted. Unboxed’s chief creative officer, Martin Green, has said the Brexit label has deterred people from attending. He said: “It hasn’t left us. And we all must learn from this. Rule one of major events: don’t politicise them. DON'T MISSPoland accuses EU of stealing billions, says JONATHAN SAXTY [OPINION]Brexit LIVE: EU pulls plug on border plane to monitor Channel [LIVE]'Monster under the bed' Liz Truss must face [INSIGHT] “And unfortunately a few chose to politicise it from the beginning.” Earlier this year a report by the Commons’ digital, culture, media and sport committee said the project had been “an irresponsible use of public money” and said it was “vague and ripe for misinterpretation”. Mr Green said: “Unfortunately, it appears the role of select committees is just to bash the department. “We said to them, in two weeks, we will gladly take you through every project in detail. “And they did not take us up on that offer, which I think shows where their interest actually was.” Mr Green has however insisted the Culture Secretary, Nadine Dorries, was a fan of the project, saying she “absolutely loved” an immersive group hallucination in London.