The Duchess of Sussex found herself the centre of attention when she began dating Prince Harry in 2016. And as photographers desperately attempted to snap the future Duchess, Meghan was said to have been left upset following an incident involving a gift from the Prince. Meghan was gifted a 14-carat gold chain by Maya Brenne, which featured M and H charms, and was believed to cost $300.  The piece is said to have caused a royal row and resulted in an uncomfortable phone call as she was reportedly advised not to wear the piece. In their biography Finding Freedom, authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand claim an aide advised Meghan not to wear this kind of jewellery, saying it would only encourage the press. They wrote: "She was advised that wearing such a necklace only served to encourage the photographers to keep pursuing such images — and new headlines." They claim that Meghan was upset by the call, saying that she "said very little" while on the phone", instead "choosing instead to simply listen to the counsel".  "But after hanging up, she felt frustrated and emotional. While she knew the aide had good intentions, the surreal experience of having someone from her boyfriend's office tell her what kind of jewellery to wear or not to smile at a photographer was too much", they continued. They said she felt "distraught", and "damned if she did, and damned if she didn't." According to the Mirror, Meghan reportedly discussed the incident with a friend, saying: "I can't win. They make out like I'm to blame for these pictures, that it looks like I'm encouraging them, that me even acknowledging the cameras may not be sending the right message. "I don't know what to say. It was only yesterday that people online were saying I look miserable in pictures, because I was trying to just ignore the [photographer]."  READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts Meghan was gifted the necklace when her relationship with Prince Harry became more serious. She was spotted on several occasions sporting the simple gold chain necklace, which features an 'M' for Meghan and 'H' for Harry. The necklace was said to be one of the first confirmations that the pair were officially dating. But according to the biography, Meghan was encouraged to stop wearing the sentimental item to avoid a media storm.  DON'T MISS:Charles spotted in Scotland after Queen pulls out of Highland Games [PICTURES]Campaign to bring back tourists 'BLOCKED' by Brexit minister [INSIGHT]Laura Kuenssberg opinion on Liz Truss: ‘She’s looked down on’ [COMMENT] Harry confirmed his relationship with Meghan in a formal statement on November 8, 2016. In the statement, Harry also pleaded with the press and trolls on social media to stop the "wave of abuse and harassment" that had been directed at his girlfriend at the time, who is now his wife and mother to their two children, Archie and Lili. 