The Sega Mega Drive Mini 2 is shaping up to be one of this year's must-have gifts for gaming fans. Based on the design of the Mega Drive 2, the miniature device comes with a whopping 60 games, including titles from the Mega CD, as well as a selection of unreleased titles and even a few brand new ports. An essential gadget for retro gaming collectors, the Mega Drive Mini 2 will be available in limited quantities when it launches on October 27, so you'll need to pre-order quickly. The exact date for pre-orders is currently a mystery, although Express Online has contacted Sega for confirmation on when and where the Mega Drive Mini 2 will go on sale. We'll keep this article updated with links to pre-order the console when it goes on sale. In the US, the console is available exclusively from Amazon, where it's priced at $97. Expect the UK version to cost around £100. In terms of games, the Mega Drive Mini 2 is blessed with a large selection of titles from first and third-party publishers. This includes iconic Sega titles like The Revenge of Shinobi, Phantasy Star II, Streets of Rage 3 and Herzog Zwei, as well as Alien Soldier, Earthworm Jim 2 and Desert Strike. The Sega CD line-up is equally as strong, featuring hits such as Sonic CD, Shining Force CD, Night Trap, Robo Aleste and the console's critically-acclaimed Final Fight port. However, arguably the most exciting feature is the addition of brand new ports of classic and unreleased games. Space Harrier 2, for example, will boast improved visuals, while games like Devi & Pii and Star Mobile were never released. The full Sega Mega Drive Mini 2 games list can be seen below... Sega Mega Drive Games... • After Burner II • Alien Soldier • Atomic Runner • Bonanza Bros. • ClayFighter • Crusader of Centy • Desert Strike: Return to the Gulf • Earthworm Jim 2 • Elemental Master • Fatal Fury 2 • Gain Ground • Golden Axe II • Granada • Hellfire • Herzog Zwei • Lightening Force: Quest for the Darkstar • Midnight Resistance • OutRun • OutRunners • Phantasy Star II • Populous • Rainbow Islands • Ranger-X • Ristar • Rolling Thunder 2 • Shadow Dancer: The Secret of Shinobi • Shining Force II • Shining in the Darkness • Sonic 3D Blast • Splatterhouse 2 • Streets of Rage 3 • Super Hang-On • Super Street Fighter II The New Challengers • The Ooze • The Revenge of Shinobi • ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron • Truxton • VectorMan 2 • Viewpoint • Virtua Racing • Warsong Sega Mega CD Games... • Ecco the Dolphin (Sega CD) • Ecco: The Tides of Time (Sega CD) • Final Fight CD (Sega CD) • Mansion of Hidden Souls (Sega CD) • Night Striker (Sega CD) • Night Trap (Sega CD) • Robo Aleste (Sega CD) • Sewer Shark (Sega CD) • Shining Force CD (Sega CD) • Silpheed (Sega CD) • Sonic The Hedgehog CD (Sega CD) • The Ninja Warriors (Sega CD) Special Content... • Fantasy Zone • Star Mobile • Spatter • Super Locomotive • Devi & Pii • VS Puyo Puyo Sun • Space Harrier II