The Royal Family has weathered scandals for years, with the public image of some of its members experiencing considerable ups and downs over the past decade. With public perception pivotal for the maintenance of support for the monarchy, expert Patrick Jephson suggested a move away from the recent PR strategy adopted by royals to return to Princess Diana's approach would best serve the Royal Family. The Princess of Wales's former personal secretary warned royals are now relying too much on "political-style" management of their image instead of being more spontaneous and relatable. Speaking to Royally Obsessed, Mr Jephson said: "Diana, for all that she was in the media, never had a press secretary. "We believed that the best PR Diana could get was to go out there, do her work, be seen to do it, and then it would speak for itself. "The Diana story goes back to her legacy, it's so visual, that's what makes it so powerful. "She didn't need pages of explanation to explain what she was doing in Pakistan or in Zimbabwe at a Red Cross feeding station or in the White House." JUST IN: Royal Family 'destroying relationship' with public after failing to honour Diana's legacy He continued: "You could see why she was there. This is what I take issue so much about modern royalty – they have invested heavily in political-style image management, and public relations. "And I think that destroys an essential element in the relationship between the British Royal Family and the British people." Princess Diana was often praised for her hands-on approach to how she managed and behaved on public outings. While initially believed to be perceived in a negative light across the royal sphere, the public was widely appreciative of the change of conduct Diana ushered in. READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan Prince William and Prince Harry have both been praised for taking on some of the lessons their late mother gave them into their own approach to royal duties. Writing in his book Battle of Brothers, author Robert Lacey said: "One of the things that Diana introduced into modern royalty was the concept of conveying a sense of caring for people." And Carolyn Harris, the author of Raising Royals: 1,000 Years of Royal Parenting, noted: "We’ve seen both William and Harry are very concerned with vulnerable people, people with disabilities, [and] people suffering from mental health crises.” Both the Duke of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex have repeatedly praised Princess Diana for the lessons she imparted them growing up, with both royals committing to keep her legacy alive.  DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face being 'frozen out' [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [VOTE] Prince William said in June: "In the years ahead, I hope to bring George, Charlotte, and Louis to see the fantastic organizations doing inspiring work to support those most in need — just as my mother did for me. He also praised Diana for teaching him how to address his problems head-on: "As she instinctively knew, and as I continue to try and highlight, the first step to fixing a problem is for everyone to see it for what it truly is." And Prince Harry insisted he can still feel Princess Diana's presence in his life: "For me, (her presence is) constant. It has been over the last two years — more so than ever before. "It’s almost as though she’s done her bit with my brother and now she’s very much back to helping me. “Got him set up, now she’s helping me set up. That’s what it feels like, you know? He’s his kids. I’ve got my kids. You know, circumstances are obviously different. But I feel her presence in almost everything that I do now.”