Leeds' deal for Bamba Dieng has now sensationally called 'off' after showdown talks at the airport with Nice hijacking the transfer. Leeds were closing in on their eighth signing of the summer transfer window after initial talks with Marseille.  Rodrigo's injury had seen Jesse Marsch plump for another attacker in his side and Dieng was seen as the ideal target. The two clubs had supposedly agreed on a fee worth around £8.5million and a chartered jet had also been scheduled for Dieng to fly into Leeds on deadline day. Leeds majority owner Andrea Radrizzani even appeared to confirm Dieng's impending arrival on social media when he tweeted "Lets welcome Bamba Dieng" in response to a fan. But in an incredibly turn of events, Leeds have now called off the deal for the Senegal forward. According to Fabrizio Romano, Leeds have officially pulled out of talks with Marseille after a late approach from Nice. Dieng is said to have been at the airport when his agent began discussing a deal with Nice. Leeds were said to be 'furious' having already reached an agreement with Marseille and Dieng earlier on deadline day. It's now claimed that Nice have won the last-minute battle to sign Dieng and the forward is on his way to the Ligue 1 side. Leeds' interest in Dieng seemingly stemmed from the injury blow to Rodrigo this week. The Spanish forward had started the season on fire with four goals in just five games, but dislocated his shoulder against Everton. Marsch has now confirmed the striker will likely miss the entirety of September due to the injury, but Patrick Bamford is back and available to face Brentford this weekend. He said: "An update on Rodri, when it pops out it’s about as good a case scenario as possible.  "That means it doesn’t need surgery and that hopefully in three to four weeks it’ll calm down. Maybe it takes a bit longer, maybe it’s a little shorter we will see. "He feels good, confident that he will be ready fairly soon so we’re kind of targeting after the international break. Everyone else is in training except for Stuart Dallas. "Junior Firpo, Luke Ayling, Liam Cooper, Patrick Bamford all back so some decisions exactly on which guys are ready to go for the weekend but they’re all in training looking healthy, strong and ready to go."