Anthony Joshua has made a blunt pledge as he looks to the future following his heavyweight title rematch defeat against Oleksandr Usyk. Joshua's bid to win back his belts fell just short in Saudi Arabia, despite a much improved showing from his initial clash with the Ukrainian in London last September. But the dramatic bout was overshadowed somewhat by Joshua's behaviour afterwards, with the 32-year-old opting to lift up his rival's belts before hurling them out of the ring. He followed that up with a rambling speech which left many pundits questioning his entourage for allowing him to speak. Usyk has since said he could understand the British fighter's antics, given his disappointment at suffering back-to-back defeats for the first time in his pro-career. However, he also urged 'AJ' to sack the 'freeloaders' that formed part of his team. Speculation has since been rife over what will be the next move for the 2012 Olympic gold medalist, with promoter Eddie Hearn strongly hinting at a long awaited rematch with Dillion Whyte. American Deontay Wilder has also called him out, amid his claims Joshua had previously avoided negotiating a match-up between the pair. JUST IN: Tyson Fury responds to Oleksandr Usyk's Gypsy comments in latest venomous call-out Joshua is yet to publicly speak on his next target, but has now taken to Twitter to post a simple eight-word message to fans. He wrote: "Note to self : I got to work harder," alongside a picture of him looking ripped in a swimming pool. The post drew a mixed response, with many fans suggesting the former champion needed to 'work smarter' and not harder, given the manner in which he was out-boxed by Usyk. However, many of his 3.4 million followers also reacted positively. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury sends fiery response to Mahmoud Charr call out – ‘You can surely get it'Eddie Hearn issues worrying 'sport killing' response to KSI and Jake Paul boxingFloyd Mayweather makes baffling 'eggplant' comment ahead of fight with MMA star Asakura "Keep going champ," wrote @Chepkeres1, while @bepodium added "We absolutely agree, nothing to lose, everything to gain." @Fahazhan10 replied: "The comeback will be better." Joshua's trainer, Robert Garcia, has said his man is keen to be back in the ring as early as November. However, Hearn is thought to want to delay his comeback by at least a month. 