Ravil Maganov, 67, worked for Lukoil since 1993, overseeing its refining, production and exploration. A source told Russian news agency Interfax on Thursday (September 1): "This morning Maganov fell out of the window of the Central Clinical Hospital. He died from his injuries." He added law enforcement officials are at the scene. The Moscow Times reported Mr Maganov plunged from a sixth-floor window at the Central Clinical Hospital, citing police sources quoted by RBC news website. Two people who knew Mr Maganov well told the news agency Reuters they believed it was highly unlikely he had taken his own life. Another person close to the company said there was a belief inside Lukoil management Mr Maganov had done so, but the source had not seen evidence or documents to support the claim.  The hospital, which is known as the Kremlin Clinic for its treatment of patients from Russia’s political and business elite, confirmed Mr Maganov’s passing to state-run news agency RIA Novosti but did not disclose the circumstances surrounding his death. But Lukoil said in a statement published on its website: "We deeply regret to announce that Ravil Maganov, Chairman of PJSC LUKOIL Board of Directors, passed away following a severe illness.  "Ravil Maganov immensely contributed to the development of not only the Company, but of the entire Russian oil and gas sector." The company added its employees "mourn deeply for this grievous loss" and expressed their condolences to Mr Maganov's family. Moscow Times reports Mr Maganov as being the second top Lukoil executive to die in mysterious circumstances in recent months. Former Lukoil executive Alexander Subbotin died in early May, according to the same publication, prompting a police investigation.   READ MORE ABOUT PENNY MORDAUNT 'DECLARING' LIZ TRUSS PM Mr Maganov, who became Lukoil chairman in 2020, was a close associate of one of Lukoil's founders, Vagit Alekperov. Mr Alekperov, a former Soviet deputy oil minister, resigned as president of Lukoil in April. His resignation came a week after the UK imposed an asset freeze and travel ban on him as part of sanctions over Russia's war in Ukraine. Lukoil called in March for the ending of the conflict in Ukraine as soon as possible.   DON'T MISS: Boris calls for EU's Solvency II law to be scrapped [REPORT] Insiders tip Truss to pick ECHR critic Tugendhat as her Home Secretary [REVEALED] 'Bitterly disappointing': Angry MEPs order EU to punish Brexit Britain [LATEST] In a statement on its website, the company said it was concerned by the "tragic events in Ukraine" and supported the negotiations to end the conflict. It said: "Calling for the soonest termination of the armed conflict, we express our sincere empathy for all victims, who are affected by this tragedy. "We strongly support a lasting ceasefire and a settlement of problems through serious negotiations and diplomacy." In June, Leonid Fedun stepped down as vice president of the Russian oil producer, citing family reasons and on reaching retirement age.  Mr Fedun and Mr Alekperov co-founded Lukoil in the 1990s after the collapse of the Soviet Union. Mr Maganov's brother Nail is the head of mid-sized Russian oil producer Tatneft. 