The Queen is to remain in Scotland to appoint a new prime minister at Balmoral for the first time in her reign. The 96-year-old monarch, who has faced ongoing mobility issues, traditionally holds audiences with outgoing and incoming premiers at Buckingham Palace. She has also received "highly unusual" visits from Prince Charles in recent weeks. Speaking to 7News, Europe correspondent Sarah Greenhalgh said: "The palace officially is saying this decision is based on the fact that they want to provide certainty for the new Prime Minister's diary. "They don't want there to be any last-minute changes should there be a change in the Queen's condition, not that she is sick. "But naturally given her age, 96, and those ongoing mobility issues we keep hearing about. "There are renewed concerns about her health. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's Archie fire story verified by South African security "Added to that, there are fresh reports that her eldest son and heir to the British throne Charles has been making what has been described as highly unusual daily visits to see his mother. "Even though they are mother and son, this isn't something that usually happens. "She has been using that walking stick a lot throughout the year as well." It is believed to be the first time in the monarch's 70 years on the throne that she has conducted the historic duty away from Buckingham Palace, and raises fresh concerns about her health. In 1963, Harold Macmillan resigned as PM while recovering from surgery. His private secretary went to the Palace and afterward, the Queen visited Mr Macmillan in hospital in London, but his successor, Sir Alec Douglas-Home, was appointed at Buckingham Palace. One hundred and 14 years ago, the Queen's great-grandfather, Edward VII, was on holiday and refused to interrupt his plans to appoint a new prime minister. Herbert Asquith was forced to travel to Biarritz in the south of France in 1908, where the King asked him to form a government during an audience in a hotel room. The Queen, who celebrated her Platinum Jubilee this year, is on her traditional summer break in the Scottish Highlands but has faced health issues since last autumn. DON'T MISS Meghan needs 'an intervention' after interview claims [INSIGHT]Queen 'struggling to stand' as monarch's aides avoid 'awkwardness' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry expected to 'have his own podcast' after book release [VIDEO] She now regularly uses a walking stick but rallied to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony for her Jubilee celebrations. Her traditional welcome to Balmoral Castle earlier in August was held privately for her "comfort". A Palace spokesman confirmed the decision on Wednesday and it is understood it was taken at this stage in order to provide certainty for the Prime Minister's diary. If the Queen had experienced an episodic mobility issue next week and the plan had been to travel to London or Windsor, it would have led to alternative arrangements at the last minute.