Former royal protection officer Ken Wharfe, known as “Uncle Ken” to the two princes when they were young, believes their late mother would have been “a good go-between” to broker peace and would also have urged Harry and Meghan to give it “more time” before fleeing to America. The SAS-trained security expert spoke out as the Duchess of Sussex was slammed over the “calculated timing” of her latest public tirades which coincide with the 25th anniversary of Diana’s tragic death.   Former BBC Royal Correspondent Michael Cole blasted Meghan’s controversial podcast and magazine interview last week as “tacky and tasteless” at “a time of great sadness” for Prince Harry and his brother as well as many others whose lives Diana touched. It comes as that the couple reportedly arrived back in the UK yesterday for a planned visit to support charitable causes. They are said to have flown on a commercial jet and heir children, Archie and Lilibet, did not appear to be with them. There are no scheduled plans for the couple to meet with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, even though they will be staying at their Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage, just a 15-minute stroll from William and Kate’s new home Adelaide Cottage, also on the Queen’s Berkshire estate. Diana’s former bodyguard Mr. Wharfe said: “Like Diana, Meghan was incredibly popular when she first joined the Royal Family, who tend to have an issue with people coming into the family who are popular, so I think that was an issue. “Diana would have been a good go-between to sort this out, but sadly it never happened. Having been there herself, Diana would have seen the value of giving it some time. “With regard to William and Harry, I feel like they really need someone to broker this set up. As two young children, William and Harry were joined at the hip. Their father Prince Charles saw them as part of a pyramid to take the Royal Family into the future. “Sadly, it looks like he’s lost one third of that now. But Diana would have understood where Harry was coming from. However, their departure was really sudden….I don’t think Meghan gave it a real chance.” Despite the toxicity of that departure, Mr. Wharfe – whose new book Diana: Remembering the Princess commemorates the 25th anniversary of her death – believes there is still a chance the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the fold.  He said: “I think we could see Harry and Meghan return in a new style, a new format. Who knows? There’s a lot of conversation going on about it. Everything is hinging now on what Harry might say in his book.” Mr. Wharfe said he urged Diana not to give up her official Scotland Yard security detail after her divorce from Prince Charles but admits: “Sadly, she never did. That for me is the reason why Diana died.” Reflecting on her life and legacy, he added: “Diana was such fun. I’ve never laughed so much working with anyone. She always craved to be normal. Her fun, her compassion stood out. Her kids were her life.” Prince Harry spoke movingly of the “spirit of my mum” in a speech nine days ago in which he said he dearly wished his own children Archie, 3, and one-year-old Lilibet “could have met her.” Days later, however, his wife Meghan’s latest PR drive saw her talk to a US magazine and launch her new podcast series - within days of the significant anniversary of the Princess of Wales’ horrific car crash in Paris in 1997. Both Princes William and Harry have spoken of the devastating trauma they experienced at losing their mother. Writing in today’s Sunday Express, Mr. Cole asks: “How do you solve a problem like Meghan? She clearly thinks she is right about everything.” And he adds: “She hints that she has more vitriol to trickle out, presumably when fresh sensational headlines are needed to boost her social media following.” Royal author Margaret Holder also hit out at the unfortunate timing, telling the Sunday Express: “Instead of admitting their failure to adapt, the couple keep firing accusations at the Royal Family with no consideration for special dates and memories.  “Agreeing to a PR launch for Meghan’s latest interview on the cusp of the 25th anniversary of Diana’s death shows how far Harry has travelled in emotional distance since leaving England. “But timing is irrelevant when there are commercial contracts to fulfil to score high ratings in social media and podcasts – the world they now inhabit.” Los Angeles-based Good Morning Britain reporter also said the timing of the PR drive has upset people Stateside and there had ‘definitely been a change in tone’ of US coverage of Meghan Markle and you can ‘see they are not happy with her’. Ross King MBE, who moved to America in 2000, said: “I definitely have noticed a shift out here, and I think a lot of that has to do with the timing of the things we’ve been hearing.” Mr. Cole also criticised the couple’s constant complaining, saying it will hurt the Queen. He said: “Constant sniping is not just wrong but most unkind to a monarch who is 96 and increasingly frail.” During the couple’s UK visit this week they will attend the One Young World Summit in Manchester and will fly to Germany on Tuesday to launch an official countdown to next year’s Invictus Games before returning to the UK for Thursday’s Well Child Awards and other charity commitments. Their engagements on Wednesday are as yet unknown. The Duchess sparked uproar – and further fuelled her and Harry’s “palace racism” claims – when she told pop star Mariah Carey in her second Archetypes podcast on Spotify: “If there’s any time in my life that it’s been more focused on my race, it’s only once I started dating my husband. “Then I understood what it was like to be treated like a Black woman, because up until then I had been treated like a mixed woman – and things really shifted.  Within 48 hours – and on the eve of last Wednesday’s 25th anniversary of the Paris car crash that killed Diana – Meghan, 41, was at the centre of a fresh storm over an at times bizarre interview with New York fashion magazine The Cut. In it, she told how she and Harry attended a Lion King movie premiere in London in 2019, adding: “I had just had Archie. It was such a cruel chapter. I was scared to go out.” She also claimed that an unnamed South African cast member told her: “I just need you to know, when you married into this family we rejoiced in the streets in the same way we did when Mandela was freed from prison.” Since publication of the interview, two South African cast and crew members said they are “baffled” by her comments. Nelson Mandela’s grandson has also declared that his historic release could “not be compared” to Harry and Meghan’s wedding. Royal author Ms. Holder says the royal couple “have undoubtedly hurt the House of Windsor” and “are part of the wrecking of the monarchy as we know it,” warning: “They may well hit out again at those who offended them or wouldn’t let them have their own way.” With 37-year-old Harry’s ghostwritten autobiography due to be published imminently, she added: “Many people suspect Meghan will have her final say in a book, rather like the Duchess of Windsor – whom she is beginning to resemble – did in her memoir The Heart Has Its Reasons.” Ms. Holder believes the couple will still be allowed to retain the titles that. She said: “Facing a life in exile, the titles Duke and Duchess of Sussex seem redundant, but removing them raises issues about the Queen’s sensitivity to their litany of complaints. There is fear over the couple’s capacity to inflict further damage.  The royal author reckons Harry and Meghan “could redeem some respect by playing to their strengths, not their weaknesses.” He could focus on projects like Invictus and Sentebale “rather than making a fool of himself blabbing on about climate change while flying around on private jets”. Meghan, meanwhile, could “improve her image” by “sticking to the encouragement of girls and women to be ambitious and achieve success through education and endeavor – rather than attacking the royals and the media.” The couple were last in Britain in June for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations, during which they introduced their one-year-old daughter Lilibet to her “overjoyed” great-grandmother the Queen and grandfather Prince Charles, 73. Ms. Holder said: “One day, Archie and Lilibet will grow into questioning, judgmental adults who might wonder why their parents behaved as they did. So, if not for the Queen’s sake, then for their children’s, Harry and Meghan should reassess exactly what their stream of vindictiveness is actually doing to themselves and their own small family.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea