Nick Kyrgios has reportedly been handed a fine of $7,500 for his unsportsmanlike behaviour during his victory over Benjamin Bonzi on Wednesday. The Australian progressed into the third round of the US Open with a 7-6(3) 6-4 4-6 6-4 win. However, it was far from all smiles for Kyrgios despite his strong performance against the world No 50. According to the Independent.ie, the 27-year-old has been handed the biggest fine of the tournament so far. Kyrgios was charged for spitting on the court during the third set of his match, and also for swearing at his team. The Wimbledon finalist became agitated during his performance, and turned to his camp in the stands and shouted: “Go home if you're not going to f****** support me bro.” The Aussie was given a warning for his unsportsmanlike conduct, but it fell on deaf ears as Kyrgios continued to swear at his team – later exclaiming: “It’s a f***** joke. You’re not a f****** spectator, you’re not a spectator.” It remains to be seen whether the fine leads Kyrgios to re-think his behaviour on the court – though he was fined for spitting towards the crowd during his first-round win over Paul Jubb at Wimbledon this summer, though that was $7500. The fiery world No 25 will take on JJ Wolf on Saturday, and victory against the American will see him potentially clash with Daniil Medvedev, world No 1, in the next round. But Kyrgios has insisted that he is not looking ahead at the potential matchups and remains focused on securing a win over Wolf. He said: “He's got a massive game. I love the way he plays tennis. I love the fact that he has a big serve, tries to take it to the opposition. Serves big and plays big. “With a game like that, he's going to have some great results. Obviously, he seems like a hard worker, as well. I'm expecting an incredibly hard match. I know it's not going to be easy at all. “I’m going into that probably favourite, but I’m not going to take him lightly at all. I know he’s beaten some great players.” All eyes will be on Kyrgios to ensure that he meets expectations on Saturday and how he will deal with the pressure given that his passionate character can sometimes get the better of him – as his camp will certainly know.