Meghan Markle, 41, recently released her latest bombshell interview about leaving the Royal Family, in the wake of the release of her new Spotify podcast Archetypes. The former Real Housewives of New York star, Bethenny Frankel, has unleashed a furious rant aimed at the Duchess of Sussexes desire to speak out publicly. The 51-year-old accused Meghan of "creating more drama" for Prince Harry, 37, by addressing the royals in her recent interviews and podcast. The reality star urged the Duchess to "let it go" and move on from her life as a former royal - accusing Meghan of being "sanctimonious" and "self-important". Speaking out in her own iHeart podcast, Just B, Bethenny lashed out against Meghan’s bombshell new interview with The Cut, saying that the Duchess needs to stop talking about the royal family if she wants out. “You left the royal family and in every single interview you do, you are talking in some nuanced subtext, or slightly direct way about the royal family,” Bethenny commented. READ MORE: Jane McDonald's pal moves in with distraught star amid partner's death She added: “Let it go, move forward, create change in the future and leave that family behind. Because it's only creating more drama for your husband (Prince Harry).” The Real Housewives star also said there are a "million things I could say about it" after the Duchess launched her own podcast. The US star also took to her Twitter account and shared a clip of her podcast, where she addressed Meghan's speaking about her experiences, adding it was similar to the reality star's from the Housewives franchise. Bethenny said: "I didn't completely get cancelled when I spoke about Meghan Markle but the thing is, she is very much like a housewife. In that, she can't stop talking about the very thing she wants to be irrelevant.  "She wants to erase and eradicate the royal family." She continued: "You want to be a voice for change. A woman for female empowerment. So do that. Do that in the future. "Why do we keep referencing things that happened in the past? This one family that does not reflect most of the world." The Duchess of Sussex, who tied the knot with Prince Harry in 2018, has embarked on a new life in Montecito, California, with their children Archie and Lilibet. DON'T MISS... Nicola Peltz 'stormed out' in 'floods of tears' over Victoria Beckham[LATEST]Liz Hurley, 57, put on an eye-popping display at Elton John's home[PICTURES]Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen dons tiny skirt for family walk[TWITTER] During Meghan's interview with The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex said she had gone to great lengths to fit in with the royals, attributing the biggest problem to her being an American. “I was an actress,” she told the publication. “My entire job was ‘Tell me where to stand. Tell me what to say. Tell me how to say it. Tell me what to wear, and I’ll do it.’ And I’ll show up early, and I’ll probably bake something for the crew.” She explained that “her desire to ask lots of questions and to never be involved with something she couldn’t totally have her hands on seemed to violate an unspoken social norm". The Duchess of Sussex went on to explain she would continue to speak out about her experiences in the Royal Family as a form of "healing". She went on to share that there is still room for forgiveness between her and the Royal Family and believes it is important to do. “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive,” she said. “But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything.” Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK this month to attend a string of charity events. The visit will mark the first time Prince Harry and Meghan have been back in the UK since they attended the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. A spokesperson for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September.”