Liverpool have caused a “very serious” transfer stir in Italy after signing Arthur Melo from Juventus, according to ex-Roma ace Antonio Cassano. The Reds secured Arthur’s signature on transfer deadline day after agreeing an initial loan move for the Brazil international until the end of the season. Arthur had fallen out of favour under Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri and was in and out of the team throughout the last campaign. He then didn’t play for Juve in the opening month of the new season before sealing his move to Anfield. And Cassano has claimed the midfielder’s transfer is a sad reflection of the state of affairs in Italy. “A very serious thing - Arthur,” began the ex-Italy international on BoboTV. “For Allegri, he wasn’t a player, he wasn’t good, he didn’t take him into consideration. Now he’s gone to Liverpool, who are one of the strongest teams in the world with one of the best managers in football history. “Is there a reason Liverpool and [Jurgen] Klopp want Arthur and get him? What does it mean? That in this country of incapable and mediocre people, you have to start looking in the mirror and spit in your eyes.” MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move    Arthur spent two years at Juventus after joining the club from Barcelona in 2020. The 26-year-old had racked-up 72 appearances during two seasons at the Nou Camp - but things didn’t work out for him in Italy and he often cut a frustrated figure at the Allianz Stadium. The ace, who has won 22 caps for Brazil and will be vying for a place in his country’s World Cup squad this winter, has now been given an opportunity to impress in the Premier League after the Reds were hit by a host of injury problems in their midfield. And following his arrival in the north west, the player said: “I’m really, really happy to be here wearing this great shirt with this famous badge that represents so much in world football - it’s a dream. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move      “We talked a lot, and our ideas and visions were a good fit so I’m sure it was the right choice. I’m really happy and highly motivated to continue living my dream on the pitch and giving my all in a Liverpool shirt.” Liverpool will have the option to sign Arthur permanently at the end of the season should things work out for him on Merseyside. And on Saturday, the player was named on the bench as the Reds travelled to Goodison Park to take on rivals Everton.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here