BBC meteorologist Carol Kirkwood warned showers coming up from the English Channel are going to develop across the UK, resulting in “wet and windy” conditions for most parts of the country. As we head into tomorrow and the weekend, Ms Kirkwood forecasted “even more unsettled” weather as a new weather front coming from the west is expected to spread across the UK developing heavy showers, potentially “thundery” with temperatures between 15C to 26C degrees. Ms Kirkwood warned: “It is going to change in the next few days, we’re looking at some unsettled weather coming our way this weekend, wet and windy. “This morning is a cold start to the day, we’ve got clear skies in the north, a bit more cloud is developing further south. “We’ve got the high cloud in the south and clear skies in the north. “It’s a sunny start for much of Scotland this morning, the same across Northern Ireland although you will see some showers on and off through the course of the day.” She continued: “We’ve got some showers coming in from the North Sea and getting over across Yorkshire, a few coming in across the southeast as well. “Bright start as we come further south and as we go through the day we will see showers develop across the Channel and coming across southern England, pushing up towards the Midlands through the day as well. “Temperatures 14C to 24C degrees, the breeze still coming in from the North Sea.” Through this evening and overnight, she forecasted: “The showers become more widespread coming up from the south pushing northwards. READ MORE: Toll of foreign criminals who should be deported surges to record high “We’ve got a new weather front coming in from the west, introducing thicker cloud and some spots of rain.” Referring to tomorrow’s weather forecast, she added: “This rain advances slowly in from the Atlantic, pushing into western Scotland and Northern Ireland. “We also have all these showers pushing northwards through the course of the day. DON'T MISS: UK and Australia poised for major announcement TODAY [WATCH]Insiders tip Truss to pick ECHR critic Tugendhat as her Home Secretary [LISTEN]'Bitterly disappointing': Angry MEPs order EU to punish Brexit Britain [INSIGHT] “Some of them will be heavy, potentially thundery, with temperatures between 15C to 26C degrees. “The wind direction is subtly changing, we’re losing the northeasterly, we’re pulling in more of a southeasterly or an easterly. “From Saturday and into the early parts of next week the weather turns much more unsettled”. READ NEXT: Boris calls for EU's Solvency II law to be scrappedDan Wootton slams Keir Starmer over Corbyn U-turn'Monster under the bed' Liz Truss must face Putin issued urgent warning as Kremlin war machine grinds to a haltPutin to be annihilated by guerrilla forces 'secretly trained' by US