Meghan Markle recently dropped her latest bombshell interview where she addressed leaving the Royal Family behind after she stepped down from her role. The Duchess of Sussex, who tied the knot with Prince Harry in 2018, has embarked on a new life in Montecito, California, with their children Archie and Lilibet. Jane Moore, 60, has spoken out about Meghan's split from royal life which she claimed was strikingly similar to that of Princess Diana. While the Loose Women panellist shared Meghan's experience "at the heart" of the British monarchy was "short-lived" she also believed the outcome could have been different if the royals handled the situation with "TLC". Writing in her latest column for The Sun, the ITV presenter suggested the royals were "tone deaf" in their handling of the situation. Jane explained: "Instead, senior royals appear to be making the exact same mistake they made when Princess Diana was struggling as the family newcomer — by sticking their fingers in their ears and pretending it’s not happening." READ MORE: Britney Spears sparks concern as she writhes around topless The Loose Women presenter recalled the Princess of Wales' estrangement from her husband Prince Charles over 25 years ago, where she opened up about feeling "freezed out" by the royals following their divorce. Speaking to royal author Andrew Morton at the time, Diana spoke of the "system" treating her as an “oddball” when all she wanted was “for people to understand the torment and anguish going on in my head”. Jane went on to describe Meghan as a "carbon copy" of Diana who too struggled with a "sense of isolation and the lack of help" when in the Royal Family. But the Loose Women panellist argued their plight was slightly different - describing Diana as a "naive teenager with no life experience" when she joined The Firm while Meghan on the other hand was an "opinionated and independent woman". She wrote: "The difference being, of course, that Diana claimed Charles emotionally abandoned her while Harry has supported his wife wholeheartedly." Jane finished: "But worryingly, a quarter of a century on, Harry and Meghan’s increasing sense of estrangement from his father suggests lessons have not been learned and that a simple 'we hear you' (rather than acting tone deaf) might make relations a whole lot better." During Meghan's interview with The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex said she had gone to great lengths to fit in with the royals, attributing the biggest problem to her being an American. “I was an actress,” she told the publication. “My entire job was ‘Tell me where to stand. Tell me what to say. Tell me how to say it. Tell me what to wear, and I’ll do it.’ And I’ll show up early, and I’ll probably bake something for the crew.” DON'T MISS... Coleen Nolan addresses what finalised decision to end marriages[LATEST]Lord Sugar defends Meghan Markle as he blasts critic over interview[TWITTER]Amanda Holden leaves little to the imagination in tiny white bikini[PICTURES] She explained that “her desire to ask lots of questions and to never be involved with something she couldn’t totally have her hands on seemed to violate an unspoken social norm". The Duchess of Sussex went on to explain she would continue to speak out about her experiences in the Royal Family as a form of "healing". She went on to share that there is still room for forgiveness between her and the Royal Family and believes it is important to do. “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive,” she said. “But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything.” Meanwhile, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will return to the UK this month to attend a string of charity events. The visit will mark the first time Prince Harry and Meghan have been back in the UK since they attended the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in early June. A spokesperson for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September.” The trip will include a visit to Manchester on 5 September, where the couple will attend the One Young World summit – an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries.