Most vulnerable Britons are bracing for soaring energy bills this winter, as Ofgem is set to raise the energy price cap to £3,549 per year. And small businesses and residents with communal heating are falling through the cracks of the cap and could end up paying astronomical energy bills if the next Prime Minister fails to act.  Stephen Fitzpatrick, the boss of the UK's third largest energy supplier - OVO Energy – says his "mechanism" – proposed to the Government – could alleviate costs to poorer households. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, he said: "We've been arguing and talking to government about this kind of tariff-deficit mechanism – so a way to artificially lower the price of energy for consumers to help shield from the worst of the price rise. "The challenge that we’ve got now is that we don’t know how long the situation is going to last for. "It could be years of higher prices. "One of the ways we think this could be done most effectively is by launching a tariff-deficit mechanism where we lower the price of energy, but we do it for a certain number of units per household in a lower price band that everybody gets access to." "And then over and above that, consumers will pay the full price," Mr Fitzpatrick said. "And what that would mean is that it would disproportionally benefit lower-income households but at the same time provide everybody with the incentive to find energy savings. "It would cost less money to the taxpayer, and it would give more benefit to lower-income households." The two Tory leadership candidates – Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak – are under growing pressure to address soaring energy bills ahead of what could be a disastrous winter if the next Prime Minister fails to act. READ MORE: Boris outrage at comments about buying a kettle - here's what he said Ofgem’s report, which announced an 80 percent increase in energy bills, sent shockwaves throughout Britain. Peter Matejic, a chief analyst at the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, said of the October increase: "In all my years as an analyst, I haven’t double-checked a piece of analysis as much as this one because it is so staggering, it feels incorrect. "It is impossible to think a care worker or a shop assistant will have to scramble to find hundreds more pounds to pay for their heating or that the entirety of someone’s income for a whole year will be less than their energy bill." If frontrunner Liz Truss fails to come up with a plan, money saving expert Martin Lewis warned on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that "lives will be lost." DON'T MISS:Can the UK run out of energy? The Government's THREE emergency stages [EXPLAINER] UK energy bills vs Europe: Why Europeans pay LESS than Britons [EXPLAINER] OVO Energy announces £50m Customer Support Package [REPORT] The energy consultancy firm Cornwall Insight has raised its forecast, warning the next price cap in January could be raised to an estimated £5,387 and then increased to £6,616 in April. "Winter energy bills are set to average around £500 a month, while prepayment customers will need to find over £700, more than half their disposable income, to keep the heating on in January alone. These costs pose a serious threat to families’ physical and financial health," warned Torsten Bell, the chief executive of Cornwall Insight. READ NEXT:Energy crisis lifeline as £40m hydrogen project to cut gas by 30%POLL: Should the Government do more to help YOU this winter?Keir Starmer confronted on call-in over Labour's 'timid' energy offer Eamonn Holmes erupts at Labour as he questions Starmer's energy planDad slashes £625 off energy bill by updating one ‘guzzling’ appliance