On Thursday, September 1 it was announced that beloved BBC host and Classic FM DJ Turnbull has lost against his long-term battle with prostate cancer. Having first been diagnosed back in 2017, Turnbull understood exactly what Dame Deborah was going through when she was diagnosed with stage 4 bowel cancer in 2016. This mutual understanding came across when Turnbull shared a heartfelt response to Dame Deborah’s tweet, announcing that she was about to start receiving end of life care. In this tweet, Dame Deborah wrote: “The tweet I never wanted to write. The time has come to say goodbye. Five years to prepare, doesn't make it any easy.“I'm under hospice at home care & I'm spending my time surrounded by family. Please buy me a wine to see me out and raise vital funds. bowellbabe.org" Turnbull was just one of the thousands of Twitter users who wished the Dame well and showed their support as she neared the end of her life. The Classic FM presenter responded: “Oh dear. I thought that thanks to your courage and resilience, you would go on and on. You have done so well. Wishing you peace and comfort, lots of love xxxxx." Now, sadly, it is tributes and messages of remembrance for Turnbull, whose family announced his death a day after it occured, via a statement that read: “Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on 31 August.  READ MORE: Bill Turnbull dead: BBC Breakfast legend dies at 66 after 5-year prostate cancer battle  Holding back her emotions as she spoke, Munchetty continued to say: “His energy was amazing, he came into this programme and threw everything at it, every single day. "He was funny, when we sat here on the sofa. I’m sure you will miss him, we certainly will too." Having spoken openly about his diagnosis and subsequent battle with prostate cancer, Turnbull worked closely with leading charity Prostate Cancer UK, which also released a statement in light of the sad news. “Our friend and ambassador Bill Turnbull has died,” the charity said via Twitter. “Bill worked tirelessly to raise awareness of prostate cancer following his diagnosis in 2017, and it was our privilege to work alongside him. Our thoughts are with Bill’s loved ones today.”  Remaining one of the most prevalent cancers in the UK, with one in eight men being diagnosed during their lifetime, Turnbull aimed to help raise awareness of potential symptoms of the cancer and encouraged others to get themselves checked. For his advocacy work, Prostate Cancer UK credited him for saving “many lives” through “educating others about the dangers of the disease”. “[Turnbull’s] voice and great popularity allowed us to promote our messaging,” the charity added. “Warm, welcoming and kind, Bill was selfless with his time, defying his own diagnosis to undertake interviews, support our campaigns and messaging, engaging with and inspiring so many others affected by the disease.”  Following the announcement of his diagnosis – around the same time that star Stephen Fry revealed that he had undergone surgery for prostate cancer – NHS Chief Executive Simon Stephens claimed that it had prompted a huge spike in men attending cancer screenings. It became known as the “Fry and Turnbull effect”. The star’s death comes not even a month since he announced his return to his Saturday Classic FM show which aired from 10am until 1pm. Announcing his return to the airwaves, he tweeted saying: “Roll over Beethoven - BIll Turnbull’s back @Classicfm! Yes, I’m returning to host the most exciting classical music show on the airwaves this Saturday from 10 till 1. Don’t miss it!” 