Sir Tom Jones, 82, already received a hip replacement back in 2017, but he is bracing himself for the prospect of having another one. Until then, he has been sitting down for his shows, and has had an inversion table added to his dressing room so he can hang upside down before taking to the stage. The Mama Told Me Not To Come singer has revealed in a new interview that four songs are typically his limit before he is forced to sit down again. He has shared his fears with his son Mark Woodward that he might not be accepted by American audiences when his USA tour begins later this month, agonising: "I hope they don't mind!" However, Mark, who manages the hitmaker, assured him: "Don't worry about it. You get a better review sitting down than you are standing up." Meanwhile, Tom revealed: "I don’t take any painkillers... no special diet. I'm just biding my time until I can get in there to get a new hip." READ NOW: Amanda Holden, 51, goes braless in unbuttoned crochet dress His decision to shun pain medication has meant he gets twinges in the middle of the night, especially when he turns over. Without inversion therapy, he would struggle even further. The star opts to hang upside down using his inversion table before shows, as the position eases the gravitational pressure on the crooner's nerves. However, that isn't an option for The Voice judge during his performances. Tom continued to the Daily Mail: "I've tried singing upside down but all the audience are on the top of their heads." Meanwhile, there have been concerns about the singer's increasing frailty after a show was unexpectedly axed from his itinerary at the last minute. Tom has dismissed suggestions that he collapsed before taking to the stage in Budapest last month as "pure rumour". However, he did cancel the show, which will now take place in June 2023 - almost a year after he originally intended to perform. DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  Addressing his 454,000 Instagram followers, he clarified: "I travelled last night from the UK to Budapest and woke this morning with an uncomfortable throat. "A specialist came to visit and diagnosed 'viral laryngitis'. "He strongly advised postponing this evening's show and prescribed medication and vocal rest. "I did not 'collapse' anywhere at any time, that is pure rumour. Hopefully, the inflammation will calm soon as I am looking forward to continuing my wonderful summer tour." However, Tom's string of UK tour dates proved to be a huge success, with his most recent date being in Audley End, Saffron Waldon on August 14. Prior to his latest bout of pain, it was his left hip that was giving him trouble, but since having it replaced, his right hip started to flare up too. Tom is a little despondent, having previously told The Mirror: "You can’t limp onto the stage, you have to try and make an entrance!" The star has a busy itinerary ahead of him, with The Voice returning to UK television at the weekend and his USA tour beginning the following week.