Chelsea are said to be growing in confidence over their pursuit of Ajax star Edson Alvarez. The Dutch giants are reportedly reluctant to let the 24-year-old midfielder leave the club but have now completed the signing of fellow midfielder Florian Grillitsch, who left Hoffenheim at the end of last season. Chelsea were taken over by American Todd Boehly at the end of May and have since been busy in the transfer market as manager Thomas Tuchel looks to build a team that can compete for silverware in the Premier League and Champions League. But the Blues have endured an indifferent start to the new campaign as they have won just two of their opening five matches and find themselves in ninth position in the top-flight table. And Tuchel has been desperate to put the finishing touches in place around his squad before the summer transfer window slams shut at 11pm on Thursday night. Chelsea reportedly put forward a £43million bid for Alvarez. And, according to CBS Sports Golazo, they are still pushing to complete the deal and their confidence is growing. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal    Alvarez is desperate to move to Stamford Bridge as he believes the opportunity might not come around again. And the Mexico international missed training on Thursday morning in an attempt to push through the transfer. Ajax have been hit by a mass exodus this summer, with Lisandro Martinez and Antony both turning their back on the club to sign for Manchester United. Sebastien Haller, meanwhile, moved to Borussia Dortmund, while Ryan Gravenberch joined Bayern Munich. And the Eredivisie champions also lost a whole host of other stars. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach      Ajax’s hard line on Alvarez could switch in the coming hours after Grillitsch put pen-to-paper on a one-year deal at the Johan Cruyff Arena. And they could now be willing to allow Alvarez to move on. Alvarez has spent three seasons with Ajax after joining the club from Club America in his homeland. And during his time in Holland, he has won two Eredivisie titles and the Dutch Cup as well as racking-up 17 appearances in the Champions League. His fine performances could now land him a dream move to the Premier League. Grillitsch, meanwhile, will be hoping he can have a positive impact in Holland after spending the last nine years in Germany with Hoffenheim and Werder Bremen. The 27-year-old, who has won 33 caps for Austria, racked-up 178 appearances in the Bundesliga and helped his former side finish ninth last season.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here