Want to find out how to watch Man Utd vs Leicester City online and on your TV? Scroll down for all of the details on the hotly-anticipated Premier League clash in the King Power Stadium tonight. Kick-off is scheduled for 8pm BST tonight (September 1, 2022). Anyone watching the livestream or broadcast from BT Sport can expect coverage to begin from 7pm BST / 3pm EST / 12pm PT. Manchester United vs Leicester City is available on BT Sport 1 in the UK – one of a total 52 games that will has the rights to this season. BT Sport 1 is available on BT TV boxes channel 408 or 430 for HD, Sky TV channel 413, Virgin TV 360 channel 527, and TalkTalk TV channel 430. Prices for BT Sport drop significantly if you already have a BT broadband subscription, with all Premier League matches available across the 2022/23 season for just £16 per month plus a £20 upfront fee. If you're not a BT customer, it'll cost you £41 per month for the Big Sports package, which includes all Sky Sports channels, unlocking 160 live fixtures. Don't fancy signing up to another subscription? Non-BT customers can buy the BT Sport Monthly Pass for £25, which lets you stream a chosen match via the BT Sport app and doesn't require a subscription. If you're already subscribed to BT Sport, but you won't be back home in time to watch Liverpool vs Newcastle tonight, it's possible to livestream the Premier League fixture from your Android, iPhone, iPad or laptop using the BT Sport app. You can login to BT Sport as soon as you've placed an order for the subscription – so even if you signed up for the Big Sport bundle today and haven't had your new set-top box delivered, you'll still be able to stream from the phone or tablet app. Outside of the UK? If you’re currently abroad on holiday or a work trip, you’ll need to use a VPN to stream the game as if you’re on the sofa at home. In our opinion, the best VPN for streaming is ExpressVPN. For a limited time, you’ll get three months free when you sign-up for the top-rated VPN to catch all of the action from the King Power Stadium. Stateside? The Premier League rights were secured by NBC ahead of the 2022/23 season, so you'll need to be subscribed to NBC Sports to watch the game tonight. If you want to stream from NBC Sport, one critically-acclaimed option is Sling TV, which offers access to more than 30 channels streamed over broadband, including NBC, for just $35 per month. Like those in the UK who are out-and-about, if you're already subscribed to Sling TV but aren't located in the United States at the moment, you can watch the Liverpool vs Newcastle live stream by using a VPN such as ExpressVPN. Manchester United are continuing to show improvements following their victory over Southampton during the weekend. The Red Devils struggled heavily in the opening, losing to both Brighton and Brentford, but bounced back after winning against Liverpool. Now, Erik ten Haag will want his team to take home their third win as they face off against Leicester City. Leicester City remain winless this season and are currently at the bottom of the league. All hope isn’t lost as Manchester United have historically remained winless in their last five meetings against Leicester City. The club haven’t signed on a single player yet and will be without Wesley Fofana, who’s transferred over to Chelsea. Previously United lost 4-2 against Leicester City so Erik ten Haag won’t be looking to repeat that in today’s match. Harry Maguire is expected to make a return to the team as the England International player struggled to make the lineup for the past few games. Other players predicted to play today include Casemiro, Christiano Ronaldo, Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, Jordan Sancho, David De Gea, and more. Anthony Martial sat out Saturday’s game due to an injury so it is unsure whether he’ll be on today.