Leeds United have reportedly been informed that they will not be able to sign Cody Gakpo from PSV this summer, with the Eredivisie outfit not listening to offers for the player. Southampton and Everton have also been linked with the forward this summer. It was reported that the Whites sporting director Victor Orta flew out to Eindhoven on Wednesday night in order to negotiate for Gakpo. However, it has been revealed that the businessman boarded his flight back to England alone. The Athletic report that PSV have stood firm and said that they will not be selling their star prospect, and instead would like the player to pen a new deal with the club. Gakpo’s current contract expired in 2026, though PSV are set to make the 23-year-old a more ‘lucrative’ offer. Orta will now return to Leeds and have to quickly turn his attention to alternatives on deadline day, with another forward high on the priority list at Elland Road. The same applies to Southampton, who were happy to meet PSV’s asking price of over £30million for Gakpo. Manchester United and Arsenal were also linked with the winger earlier this summer, with his versatility across the frontline and goalscoring prowess catching the eye. And Gakpo has kickstarted the new campaign in emphatic form, scoring six and assisting three in four league appearances. He scored a hat-trick against FC Volendam on Wednesday night whilst Orta was travelling out to secure his signature, which presumably was the final push for Gakpo to decide not to sell their key asset. Though PSV head coach Ruud Van Nistelrooy always remained hopeful that his club would not entertain a sale. Earlier this week, he said: “Time is ticking away and a decision can be made quickly. Let's wait and see. If Gakpo does leave unexpectedly, then I will think about whether I will be disappointed. But I am really convinced that we will keep everyone on board.” Leeds could be forced to find another winger as a matter of urgency on the final day of the transfer window as talks with Tottenham continue over the sale of Daniel James. Spurs have been keen to sign one more forward this summer – despite the addition of Richarlison from Everton – and are working towards a loan-to-buy deal for James. The Wales international has started two matches so far this summer, though his departure would leave manager Jesse Marsch short of depth in the final third.