On Reddit, a baggage handler shared some travel tips for luggage. The handler said they “might sound like common sense” but a lot of people forget. They said: “If your bag is over 55 pounds, it’s going to have a bad time. How annoyed do you get lifting your own bag into the back of the car? “Imagine having to do that 200 times, it gets frustrating and tiresome and sometimes we just throw it with very little care because they are too heavy to do carefully.” While most baggage companies will have rules for handlers, sometimes bags could get thrown around. The aviation industry is currently suffering with staff shortages which means that many handlers are under pressure. READ MORE: Fuming man rages as he loses plane seat to mother and baby If passengers do need to take a heavy bag away, it might be a good idea to protect any breakable items by rolling them in clothes. The handler added: “If you are packing heavy, get something robust and something that rolls. “You know those four wheeled hard case bags, they are light and easy to manoeuvre and easy to stack. “They are much more likely to keep your belongings safe.” A robust wheeled bag should help to keep any items safe if the bag does get thrown around by staff. Wheels will also make the bag easier to transport, meaning the staff are less likely to have to lift it. The handler said: “When buying luggage, make sure you get something with a reinforced handle. “Or something strong. It will last longer and it won’t snap off when you try to lift it up.” Robust luggage might even be cheaper in the long run as it is likely to last far longer than cheaper brands. READ MORE: Man slams partner for ‘ruining’ flight with unusual meal The baggage handler also shared a handy luggage tip for couples travelling on a flight together. They said: “Get the same bag, same colour, same everything. If you’re lucky they will stay together and come off the truck together. “Not only because the handlers will place them together, because they look the same, but they stack better when they are the same size.” Baggage handlers are more likely to put bags of the same size together in the plane hold as they are easier to stack.  Couples then won’t have to wait as long for their luggage at baggage reclaim as it may end up on the carousel at the same time. Britons should also take care when packing their hold luggage as certain items aren’t allowed on the plane. Most food is allowed in hold luggage, but there are some restrictions over the type of food that can be packed. Passengers travelling to the EU from a non-EU country are not allowed to bring any meat or dairy products on holiday.