Later this month, the likes of Helen Skelton, Kym Marsh and Will Mellor and many others will be swapping their day jobs for the dance floor as they compete in Strictly Come Dancing 2022. The full line-of stars has already been confirmed, but the BBC are yet to announce who they will be partnered with in the upcoming series. It is unclear who will shine on the dancefloor, but bosses have teased fans with a first-look video of the celebs showing off their best moves. The clip shows the celebrities dancing along to the Strictly theme tune while posing with the famous Glitterball. The Strictly professional dancers were quick to comment, with Johannes Radebe leading the way with a love heart emoji. Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse also replied: "The mood is set! Let's dance." However, the celebs taking part didn't seem so confident, with Kym simply saying: "Eeeeeek!" While Loose Women's Kaye Adams replied: "Oh God!" Despite their fears, the other celebrities couldn't resist sharing their excitement. Richie Anderson wrote: "Love this can’t wait to meet you all real soon and keeeeeeeep dancing."  While comedian Jayde Adams said: "I absolutely cannot wait to get started!" "I’m so excited, getting real now," Mollie Rainford penned. X Factor's Fleur East added: "Still can’t believe this is happening!! Ahhhh! Exciting!" (sic) Strictly fans were equally excited, with many quizzing the contestants on who their dance partners were.  DON'T MISS...'What was she hoping to achieve?' Meghan blasted in US over podcast [VIDEO]Loose Women's Kaye Adams opens up on Strictly fears [INSIGHT]Vera writer speaks out on Brenda Blethyn series ending [NEWS] However, while the stars remained tight-lipped, fans will have to wait for the Strictly launch show to find out who has been paired with who. Strictly begins on September 17, and will see the star-studded line-up taking to the dance floor for the first time. The stars will also face the critique of judges Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi and Anton du Beke. Each week, the celebs will be whittled down one by one as they compete for the Glitterball Trophy. There will also be a few changes to the BBC series this year, including the themed dance routines. Alongside Strictly's Halloween, Blackpool and Musicals Week, there will be a themed dance dedicated to the broadcaster to mark 100 years. There will also be two BBC-themed dance routines which will be performed by the professionals. “We know how much viewers love the Strictly themed weeks so it’s fantastic to be able to announce a new one, celebrating the BBC’s centenary," executive producer Sarah James explained. "It’s the icing on the cake to be able to confirm that we are returning to the iconic Blackpool Tower Ballroom this year, we can’t wait to get back to Blackpool!” Strictly Come Dancing begins on September 17 on BBC One.