Jonathan Wall, security expert and UK General Manager at SimpliSafe, shared some useful tips on unusual places to hide the valuables, such as money or jewellery, before heading off for a holiday. The expert recommended, however, investing in a home security system and cameras which could help protect your home. Jonathan revealed one of the most unusual places to hide valuables at home is empty cleaning supplies. He explained: “When heading away for the bank holiday, a good way for Brits to protect their valuables is to conceal them in unconventional places. "One place to hide your prized possessions in your home is in and around the kitchen. Pots, pans, bottles of cleaning supplies or empty dishwasher tablets boxes could be a great place to hide items as these are not typical places a burglar would look. "A burglar’s aim is to find any valuables as quickly as possible, not to hang around, and to certainly not get caught,” the expert said. READ MORE: House sales: Common paint colour to ‘avoid using’ when selling a home  Another good hiding spot, according to Jonathan, is inside toys and toy boxes, such as a teddy bear, a board game or a doll, and their many accessories. He commented: “If you have children, their toys are another good place to hide any expensive valuables when heading away for the bank holiday weekend. "Toys come in different shapes and sizes and usually have many different compartments that are perfect places to hide small belongings such as keys, rings, and money. "Just remember to remove them from the toys when you get back.”  Jonathan also recommended placing items behind the drawers as burglars typically think to look through drawers "but may rarely think to look underneath or behind them". He explained: “For many Brits heading on a long weekend away, worrying about a potential break in can overshadow the fun. "For an extra layer of hidden security when heading away this weekend, you could pop any valuables into an envelope and tape them to the back or underside of the drawer.” READ MORE: Get rid of mosquitos in the house this summer using common herb The expert also stressed how important it is for thieves to think that you have never left but how can you pretend you are at home? Jonathan recommended "leave lights on timers when you're away " to keep your home looking lived-in when you're on holiday. To avoid overusing electricity, and to avoid thieves detecting a pattern, it is best to choose timers that have random settings. "If you're going to be away for a short time, you could leave the radio or TV on, turned up loud enough that it might be heard outdoors," he advised. Finally, Jonathan urged holidaymakers to "always check doors are locked" before leaving the house. He explained: "An unlocked door is an open invitation to a burglar, so it is essential to double-check that all possible entrances to your home are securely locked. "It’s crucial to make sure every door and window is locked when you leave," the expert warned.