While Covid cases have continued to recede from the UK since restrictions ended earlier this year, the disease remains. Smaller pockets of infection have clung to British shores and the rest of Europe, as people still test positive every day. The alert level means that people are still in danger despite the relatively open society. The Government debuted its Covid alert level system early on in the pandemic, with five categories used to measure its severity. The highest, level 5, means transmission has skyrocketed, while the lowest, level 1, means there are no detected cases. Level 2 means that while Covid is still present in the UK, the country's caseload is low. READ MORE: Dad dies from Covid after care home fails to tell family of outbreak Actions specified by the Government for alert level 2 include: The move to level 2 means health officials no longer believe Covid-19 cases are spreading at epidemic proportions. They had to consider several factors when deciding whether or not to lower the UK's status. According to the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), officials must make five key observations to lower an alert. They include: The decision to de-escalate was made by the UK's foremost public health experts, including the Chief Medical Officers for England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and the NHS England National Medical Director. Together, they announced the newest alert level on August 31 but urged caution as "further Covid surges" are likely. They said: "Based on UKHSA advice, the UK Chief Medical Officers and NHS England National Medical Director have recommended to ministers the Covid alert level moves from level 3 to level 2. "Hospitals and the wider health systems remain extremely busy overall but the summer BA.4 and BA.5 wave is subsiding and direct Covid severe illness is now a much smaller proportion of this. "Severe Covid cases, direct Covid healthcare pressures, direct Covid deaths and ONS community positivity estimates have decreased." "Covid remains present in the community and we may see an increase in cases with BA 4.6 and BA.2.75 circulating but do not expect this to lead to an immediate increase in hospital pressures. "This will continue to be kept under review. Further Covid surges are likely so please be prepared by getting a vaccination when it is offered." The latest figures from the Government's Covid dashboard show the number of positive tests and deaths from the virus are trending downwards. Officials recorded 24,674 COVID cases over the last week, down by 6,001 on the week before, and 419 deaths, down by 259.