Manchester United came close to signing Moises Caicedo 18 months ago before he joined Brighton but pulled out of the deal. And it is a decision that may come back to haunt the Red Devils after watching the Ecuadorian pull the strings for his club Brighton at Old Trafford last month. The 20-year-old was one of the top performers on the pitch at Old Trafford as the Seagulls came away with a 2-1 victory in their opening fixture of the season, leading United to wonder what could have been with the Brighton man a hot topic of conversation between the two teams. Caicedo offered energy and aggression in the heart of the Brighton midfield, overpowering Fred and Scott McTominay while Pascal Gross stole the headlines with his impressive brace. But if things had gone differently back in February 2021, the highly-rated midfielder might have been wearing the red shirt of United instead. It is widely known that United were in pole position to land Caicedo when he was a teenager after impressing scouts in South America for Ecuadorian outfit Independiente del Valle. The price quoted was £4.5million, which was hardly unaffordable, but the club decided to withdraw from negotiations which put Brighton in the driving seat. READ MORE: Caicedo's stance on Man Utd transfer as Liverpool 'prepare bid' The Athletic report that their reluctance to move forward with talks emerged after issues arose with agent payments and how they would be distributed. That allowed Brighton to step in and complete a deal for Caicedo, sending him on loan to Belgian outfit Beerschot for the rest of the campaign to adjust to European football. When the youngster arrived at pre-season to join them for the 2021-22 campaign, Graham Potter was impressed with his ability and earmarked Caicedo as a long-term replacement for Yves Bissouma, who was viewed as a likely departure and that proved to be the case as he signed for Tottenham this summer. DON'T MISSTen Hag 'key voice' in Garner exit as thoughts on Everton ace emergeMan Utd may sign another Telles in change to Ten Hag planMan Utd star Rashford lacks 'the basics of football' as Ten Hag warned United’s reluctance to get involved in the complicated deal seems to have backfired, with Caicedo now rated as one of the top young midfielders in Europe. Liverpool have been linked with the Ecuador international and Potter joked that the speculated £42m price tag would only be enough to acquire “one of his legs”. Meanwhile, United have splashed out a record amount this summer on five new signings and a central midfielder was top of Erik ten Hag’s priorities. The Dutchman eventually signed Casemiro, a five-time Champions League winner with Real Madrid, for an initial £60m fee rising to £70m with add-ons. While Casemiro brings leadership, experience and a winning mentality to the club, there may be some wondering whether the 30-year-old would have been purchased had United brought in Caicedo when they had the chance — thus saving them £65.5m in the process and giving them a huge prospect for the future.