The European Commission vice-president, who is in charge of post-Brexit negotiations with the UK, also claimed solutions proposed by the bloc had been "dismissed without consideration" in a pointed swipe at London. Mr Sefcovic claimed in a speech to the British-Irish Association conference in Oxford it was "legally and politically inconceivable" for the UK Government to attempt to modify conditions under which goods can enter the EU single market. The Government is progressing its Bill to give ministers powers to scrap the checks on Irish Sea trade created by the post-Brexit protocol, jointly agreed by the UK and EU as part of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement to keep the Irish land border free-flowing. However, Mr Sefcovic said the EU had already put forward "far-reaching" proposals to address issues of concern raised by stakeholders in Northern Ireland about the operation of the protocol. He said the EU proposals would create an express lane for goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland and reduce sanitary and phytosanitary checks and controls by more than 80 percent. He said: "These proposals have, however, never been seriously picked up by my counterparts. In short, they were dismissed without consideration. "The UK has not even engaged in any meaningful discussions with us since February. "Instead, we are now faced with the UK Government's continuing determination to push forward the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, set to disapply core elements of the Protocol. "This unilateral action is naturally of great concern to the EU. JUST IN: Nord Stream 1 gas pipeline to Europe suspended INDEFINITELY "It is not for the UK Government alone to change our bilateral agreement and modify the conditions under which goods can enter the EU's Single Market and reach our consumers. "This is simply legally and politically inconceivable. "This clear breach of international law is extremely damaging to mutual trust and respect between the EU and the UK." DON'T MISSUK to supply Ukraine with high mobility rocket systems [INSIGHT]Operation Boot Boris to be launched by Tory rebels [ANALYSIS]David Frost blasts 'weakness' of UK position in negotiations [VIDEO] Mr Sefcovic said by pursuing the Bill in the face of criticism, the UK Government was creating "deep uncertainty" for businesses and people in Northern Ireland. He added: "Only joint solutions can create the legal certainty and predictability that people and businesses in Northern Ireland need and deserve. "I am convinced that with political will and commitment, we can still explore the full potential of our far-reaching proposals and find a way forward. "This call to the UK Government to engage with us has been clear for over a year. "And it still stands - also vis-a-vis the incoming UK Prime Minister and Government. "Further unilateral action may give the impression to many in the EU that the UK leadership is not that interested in co-operation with the EU. "For my part, I stand ready to work intensively and constructively with any new UK interlocutor to find a common solution within the Protocol. "The EU will never leave the table." Speaking in June, Foreign Secretary Ms Truss said: "Our overriding priority is protecting the Belfast (Good Friday) Agreement, the bedrock of peace and stability in Northern Ireland - as it stands the Protocol is undermining this delicate balance. "This legislation will fix the problems the Protocol has created, ensuring that goods can flow freely within the UK, while avoiding a hard border and safeguarding the EU Single Market. "A negotiated solution has been and remains our preference, but the EU continues to rule out changing the Protocol itself – even though it is patently causing serious problems in Northern Ireland – which therefore means we are obliged to act."