Celtic are reportedly on the verge of completing their ninth summer signing with Denmark international Oliver Abildgaard arriving from Russian side Rubin Kazan. Ange Postecoglou is keen to add to his squad ahead of Scotland’s midnight deadline with the Hoops desperate to add to their squad ahead of the Old Firm derby with city rivals Rangers this weekend. Abildgaard is a holding midfield who will bring increased height to the Celtic line-up, standing a towering 6’4. He has made 62 appearances in a two-and-a-half-year spell at Kazan scoring one goal. He began his career at Danish side Aalborg making his debut in 2015 when he was just 19. His form in the Russian Premier League earned him a call up to the Denmark national team with the midfielder earning his sole cap in 2020. Sky Sports report that the Scottish champions are expected to complete a move for the player and it should be completed before the deadline. Celtic have already been busy during the summer bringing eight new faces to the club. Alexandro Bernabei, Aaron Mooy, Benjamin Siegrist, Sead Haksabanovic and Moritz Jenz all arrived as new faces, while Jota, Cameron Carter-Vickers and Daizen Maeda made their original loan deals permanent. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal Abildgaard will find some familiar faces at Parkhead should the move be completed with Rubin Kazan proving to be a fertile ground for Celtic’s transfer business. Haksabanovic joined from the Russian side while Swedish centre-back Carl Starfelt joined from the club last season. It is not the only business the club are expected to do before the window slams shut with Postecoglou keen to offload some of his out of favour stars. Winger Mikey Johnston looks set to join Portuguese club Vitoria Guimaraes on loan despite being the subject of a late enquiry from Scottish Premiership rivals Hearts. Liam Shaw and James McCarthy could also leave on loan at some point today. The Australian manager confirmed the club would still look to add to their squad following the Bhoys 4-1 Premier Sports Cup, but joked other people would have to work on the business instead of him. "Yeah there are some things happening but I'll be on the bus for the next few hours, so I'll find out when I get home,” he laughed. "I'm sure other people are working on it so it's alright." It looks as if Celtic will be able to add to their squad before the most important fixture of their season at home to fierce rivals Rangers on Saturday.