Lewis Hamilton doesn't think he will have any chance of competing with Max Verstappen at the Dutch Grand Prix this weekend, despite the Red Bull star's struggles on Friday. Verstappen missed most of FP1 due to a transmission issue and was playing catch up in FP2. It was a different story entirely for Mercedes though with George Russell topping the timesheets ahead of Hamilton in FP1. They carried that speed over into FP2 with Hamilton third fastest and within one-tenth of the two Ferrari drivers. Verstappen was nearly seven-tenths behind Charles Leclerc's quickest time in FP2, leaving Red Bull with plenty of work to do heading into Saturday. But Hamilton smiled when asked what he made of Red Bull's struggles, insisting Verstappen should have it "easy" come Sunday. "They've had a little bit of a difficult day with obviously missing out a session and not getting in their fast lap at the end," Hamilton told Sky Sports. "But they're generally a good six or seven-tenths happily in the bag so it's going to be relatively easy most likely for them."  Hamilton was a lot more positive this time around than he was just seven days ago after a horror Friday session in Spa. The Belgium Grand Prix ended early for Hamilton last week when he was forced to retire his car after a collision with Fernando Alonso. And the seven-time world champion is happy to see Mercedes putting in competitive times along with Ferrari. "This is a lot better than Sunday and a lot better than my Friday last week," Hamilton added. "It's been a decent start to the weekend. We've landed in a much sweeter spot with the car and it's work in progress. We're not that far behind, which is great to see and the car doesn't feel that bad.  "We've got to just keep chipping away. There's probably not a huge amount more performance wise but we'll keep pushing." The Dutch Grand Prix was brought back to F1 last year for the first time since 1985 with Verstappen taking the win in front of his home crowd. He ended up dominating the race as Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas came second and third respectively. Saturday's practice session will give a bigger indication on where the teams will be heading into Sunday's race. But Mercedes have seemingly struggled compared to Red Bull and Ferrari in building the car for one-lap pace.