The annual Cannes Film Festival places a spotlight on this French city and I was lucky enough to be invited to experience the resort town’s sandy beaches, stunning islands and cuisine. After a quick two-hour flight, I was driven straight to my hotel but I would advise anyone looking to visit to avoid travelling from the airport during the evening rush hour. The OKKO Hôtel provided the perfect base for my trip and I stayed in a classic double room complete with an ensuite bathroom, free toiletries and a coffee machine. The convenient hotel is located next to the railway station, a five-minute walk to the Palais des Festivals and a six-minute walk to the beach. A buffet breakfast is provided with guests being able to tuck into scrambled eggs, bacon, a variety of fruits and a selection of cheeses. Gluten-free options were also available. Soft drinks were available free of charge throughout the day and in the evening guests were offered an antipasti selection which you could enjoy on the sun-soaked roof terrace overlooking the city. For those looking to keep fit during their stay, other facilities include a gym with a sauna. Read more: Seaside hotel hits back after guest slams prie of sandwich The next morning, after breakfast I took a short stroll down through streets that were lined with designer shops and popular restaurants. I made it down to the beach and spent my morning sunbathing on La Croisette, a long public stretch of sand running alongside Cannes’ seaside boardwalk. In the afternoon, I was taken to the iconic Palais des Festivals which was home to the 15th edition of Les Plages Electroniques for the weekend. The electronic music festival had returned after a two-year break due to the pandemic. I was lucky enough to speak to one of the organisers who revealed that at the heart of the festival was a desire to host an event that the people of Cannes could enjoy just as much as visitors to the French Riviera. The festival sight takes over a stretch of beach next to Palais des Festivals and I spent the afternoon watching the sunset on an inflatable flamingo in the sea listening to French DJ Folamour and Belgian artist Damso among others. After a quick return to the hotel to change, I was taken for dinner at La Plage Majestic Barrière, which was collaborating with the festival for the first time. In this beachfront restaurant, I was treated to festival food with a fancy twist. Mini burgers, tapas and a selection of pizzas were on the menu. The next day, I ventured away from Cannes courtesy of Black Tenders speedboat to visit the stunning underwater ecomuseum created by British artist Jason deCaires Taylor. DON'T MISSMollie's Motel & Diner: An escape to the Oxfordshire countryside [REVIEW]Grands Suites Hotel: Perfect place to soak up the the views of Malta [INSIGHT]Britons hit with £290 bill for four drinks in Greece [INSIGHT] The speedboat anchored close to the site and provided snorkelling equipment so I could take a closer look at the sculptures. I was then dropped off at Saint-Honorat Island and enjoyed lunch by the sea at La Tonnelle Restaurant. Delicious Mediterranean-inspired cuisine with a stunning view of the Bay of Cannes was the perfect way to bring my weekend to an end. My dish of choice was cod fish steak with a lobster bisque, candied celery and local zucchini finished with garlic and thyme. A lemon meringue tart was the pastry of the day and completed my uniquely located lunch perfectly. Before returning to Cannes, I explored the island which belongs to the Abbey of Lérins whose monastery sits on the island’s southern coast. The peaceful atmosphere as you walk around the monastery tower and vineyards is a must. My trip ended with one final return to the infamous red steps of the Palais des Festivals as David Guetta, who alongside Martin Garrix, Charlotte de Witte and Paul Kalkbrenner headlined the festival, played a roaring set on the French Riviera beach. For more information on Cannes click here and the OKKO Hôtel please visit here.