Jeremy Clarkson has spoken out in defence of Russell Brand after the star's plans for his pub sparked an uproar among residents. The Clarkson's Farm star, 62, hit out at "all the red trouser people" who took issue with the comedian's plans to makes changes to the only pub in the village. It comes after the star applied to South Oxfordshire district council for planning permission to alter the pub. The actor wants to convert the pub's garage into a recording studio for his YouTube podcasts. Addressing Russell's plans, Jeremy rushed to his defence. He wrote in his column: "Russell Brand has applied for planning permission to turn a small shed into a recording studio where he can make podcasts. READ MORE: Helen Skelton struggles with 'feral' kids after Richie Myler split "And immediately, all the red trouser people in the village started running around, waving their arms in the air and saying that sound travels down the valley and they don’t want to have their weekends spoiled with loud music. "What loud music? "It’s a podcast he’s making, not a Judas Priest album," he wrote in his column for The Sun. The comedian-turned-spiritual guru purchased the Grade II listed Crown Inn last Christmas in Pishill, Oxon, for a reported £850,000. He and his wife Laura Gallacher, who live in nearby Henley-on-Thames, now reportedly plan to turn it into a restaurant with a vegan theme. However, many villagers aren't on board with his ultra-healthy, ultra-ethical lifestyle and have spoken out in indignation. One reportedly told The Sun: "We’ve heard he’s planning to turn the pub into a vegan restaurant. Why would anybody want that? "He clearly never had any intention of using the pub as a pub. DON'T MISS... Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow [INSIGHT]Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on jaw-dropping busty display in towel [UPDATE]Sue Barker 'upset & angry' after Cliff Richard 'dumped her over phone' [ANALYSIS] "He doesn’t even drink alcohol. Why buy a pub if you don’t like drink?" the anonymous critic blasted. Jeremy himself is no stranger to receiving objections to proposed changes he wanted to make on his Diddly Squat Farm. Last year, Jeremy announced plans at a local meeting to turn the farm shop into a kitchen and restaurant serving meals, after there was "gossip" in the village over the future of the farm shop. However, the plans went on to face a setback as council planning officers in Oxfordshire didn't think the planned restaurant should be given the go-ahead. He announced plans to turn the building into a kitchen and restaurant serving meals for £60 for two, however, council documents state the building has since been used, without planning permission, as a cafe and a bar area. The former Top Gear presenter told Jeremy Vine on his show: "There is more traffic, yes, but there is more business - the village shop is doing better, the cafe in the village, the pub in the village - they are all doing better. "They are swamped with people but they are swamped with people spending money." A total of 53 objections have been received by the council, with another 12 letters of support and Chadlington Parish Council said it held a public meeting in November to decide its view on the “divisive and contentious” application but a vote was inconclusive. The Campaign to Protect Rural England West Oxfordshire said any new restaurant would be a “major incursion” into the AONB and would “spoil the rural nature of the Upper Evenlode Valley”. Months ago, the star faced another blow as his application to expand the car park at the farm was reportedly rejected after he hoped to increase the number of spaces from 10 to 70.