Chelsea will not pursue a deadline-day move for AC Milan striker Rafael Leao after being put off by the player's nine-figure price tag, according to reports. The Blues are said to be in the market for a new forward in advance of tonight's 11pm cut-off point after losing Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner following the end of the previous campaign. Leao reportedly emerged as a target for Chelsea earlier this week after helping Milan to secure last season's Serie A title with an impressive tally of 11 league goals. The Blues are set to withdraw their interest in the forward until at least January, though, with a deadline-day swoop believed to be unlikely as a result of Milan's inflated asking price, according to The Times.It is claimed that Milan are demanding a fee of around £130million in order to part ways with Leao, who remains tied down at the San Siro until the summer of 2024. Chelsea are now expected to return to the table when the transfer window re-opens at the turn of the year, as opposed to chasing Leao's signature in the hours leading up to this evening's deadline.A move for Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is still very much in the works, though, with Chelsea said to be in advanced talks to bring the ex-Arsenal man to west London as things stand. The proposed deal will see Marcos Alonso go the other way, while the Blues will also pay a nominal fee of less than £8m in exchange for Aubameyang's signature. JUST IN: Liverpool make left-field deadline day loan with medical pencilled in Chelsea's pursuit of Aubameyang was said to have stalled a few days ago due to the player's demand for a longer contract than the one-year deal that was initially offered to him. However, an agreement has since been reached on a two-year stay with the option of a third and it seems as though the move could well be completed before the summer window slams shut.The Blues have already spent more than any other Premier League club in the transfer market over the course of this summer, with new owner Todd Boehly having splashed in excess of £240m on player recruitment over the last few months. Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has already insisted that he will be looking to add more new faces to his squad before the end of the window but went on to admit that it would not be the end of the world if no further deals are struck. "We don't play fantasy football, and in the end, we need to pay for it, convince the players, and convince clubs to give us their best players, and this is simply not happening," the Chelsea boss told reporters earlier this month."I am super happy with what we've succeeded so far. Raheem Sterling, Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney [Chukwuemeka] and Marc Cucurella are fantastic signings, and I'm more than happy they are with us."It's not finished, everybody knows. But if it's finished, if we don't do anything else, we fight with this squad. If it's not finished, we try to get further quality and with further quality, the ambition level rises." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.