Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has insisted the club’s transfer business is done for the summer. However, that might not necessarily be the case. Should the right opportunities arrive, it’s possible John Murtough will make as many as three signings by the time the transfer window shuts tonight… Manchester United have had a good transfer window so far, even if their issues when it comes to offloading unwanted players are clear for all to see. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with the Netherlands international joining from Feyenoord having previously looked likely to join Lyon. Christian Eriksen then followed, ending his short spell at Brentford in favour of moving to Old Trafford on a free transfer. Lisandro Martinez was United’s third signing, with the former Ajax star rejecting Arsenal’s advances in order to play under Ten Hag again. Casemiro then followed from Real Madrid, while the Red Devils have also confirmed an agreement for Antony. Martin Dubravka is poised to join from Newcastle, too. So Express Sport will now take a look at three signings Murtough could make in order to make the transfer window even more fruitful. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Speaking on Friday, Ten Hag stated Aaron Wan-Bissaka will be staying at the club. However, in the eyes of the 52-year-old, the former Crystal Palace star isn’t good enough to be part of his squad. Should a suitor present an offer that’s too good to turn down, United will accept it. Therefore, a new right-back arriving isn’t entirely out of the question. Sergino Dest is one player who has been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford, amid the uncertainty over his Barcelona future. Ten Hag previously managed the USA international at Ajax and a reunion would potentially make sense for all parties. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him While United have signed Casemiro, fans would certainly argue that they need another midfielder. Particularly in the wake of the decision to sell James Garner, who is poised to play for Everton this season after a £15million deal was agreed. If Frenkie de Jong were to indicate he’s willing to join, United would go all guns blazing for him. That said, it’s a long shot. A super long shot. United could still look at other alternatives, however, and they do appear to be a man short now that Garner has been offloaded. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. This will likely hinge on what happens with Cristiano Ronaldo. Ten Hag has claimed the Portugal international will be staying and, indeed, all signs currently point to that being the case. Yet if a Champions League team were to come in for the Portugal international, with a concrete offer for the player and the club, the Red Devils could agree to a parting of the ways. Then, and only then, United may make a move for a new striker. But that’s unlikely to be Memphis Depay, with the Netherlands international instead primed to stay at Barcelona until January at the earliest. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Last summer, United officially announced the return of Ronaldo - with the Portugal international coming back from Juventus after 12 years away. In previous years, the Red Devils have been active on the final day of the summer transfer window. Edinson Cavani and Facundo Pellistri were captured two years ago, while United landed Anthony Martial and Radamel Falcao on deadline day in 2015 and 2014 respectively. Under Sir Alex Ferguson, the Red Devils rarely left it late. But they made an exception for Dimitar Berbatov in 2008, with the striker joining from Tottenham that year - rejecting a move to Manchester City in the process. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here