According to reports, more than half a million carers are missing out on a vital DWP benefit that can boost annual income by over £3,600. As living costs rise and households feel the pinch, Britons are being urged to check whether they’re claiming all of the benefits they’re entitled to - and Carer’s Allowance is one which is currently underclaimed. Carer’s Allowance is a benefit distributed by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) that provides those eligible a payment of £69.70 a week to help with costs. The payment typically lands every four weeks in advance and can make a sizeable difference to people’s income. However, like with all benefits, there are specific terms of eligibility for people to start claiming, and here’s the full rundown. To claim Carer’s Allowance, individuals must first be 16 or over spending at least 35 hours a week caring for someone. READ MORE: State pensioners with one of 56 health conditions could claim £4428  The claimant also must have been in England, Scotland or Wales for at least two of the last three years - although this doesn’t apply to refugees or those who have humanitarian protection status. Claimants must not be in full-time education and cannot be studying for 21 hours a week or more. Claimants must also live in England, Scotland or Wales and have earnings of £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance, and expenses. The Government website lists expenses to include:  Claimants can also be eligible if they live abroad as a member of the armed forces, or are already in or moving to an EEA country or Switzerland. Additionally, the person being cared for must be on one of the following means-tested benefits: It should be noted that this is a taxable payment and can affect other benefits claimants might already be receiving.  DON'T MISS: PIP warning: Major change to affect thousands of Britons from today [EXPLAINED]Universal Credit: Calls to boost payments by £25 a week [INSIGHT]Motorists could save £2,000 per year for driving an electric car [ANALYSIS]    When a person receives Carer’s Allowance, the person being cared for will usually stop getting the Severe Disability Premium paid with their benefits, as well as the extra amount for severe disability paid with Pension Credit. It may also stop them from getting reduced council tax. To check the impact Carer’s Allowance might have on the severe disability payment, claimants are directed to contact whoever pays this benefit. This is usually Jobcentre Plus, their local council, the Pension Service Helpline or Universal Credit. For the carer, claiming carer’s allowance will either increase other benefit payments or it will stay the same, according to the Government website, and it won’t count towards the benefit cap. For those who get Working Tax Credits or Child Tax Credits, it’s suggested they contact HMRC to inform them of the claim. However, due to the DWP’s overlapping benefits rule, it is noted claimants cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their state pension at the same time.   The statement explains: “If your pension is £69.70 a week or more, you will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. “If your pension is less than £69.70 a week, you’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference.” However, if a Pension Credit claimant’s state pension is more than £69.70 a week, although they won’t get the Carer’s Allowance payment, their Pension Credit payments will increase instead. If people think they are eligible to claim, they can start an application on the Government website here, or they can call 0800 731 0297 for a form. 