After becoming a household name thanks to his stint in the Fast and Furious movie franchise, actor Lucas Black found success on the small screen as part of the cast of CBS spin-off, NCIS: New Orleans. Debuting as agent Christopher LaSalle in flagship series NCIS in 2014, Black starred in over 125 episodes of the sister drama up until his character’s demise in the show’s sixth season. Black’s on-screen appearances since leaving NCIS NOLA have been rare, with only a cameo in F9: The Fast Saga on his CV since exiting the CBS crime drama in 2019. But he’ll soon be back on the big screen in an all-new role and he took to Instagram this week to share a first look at the project. The NCIS NOLA star will appear in the upcoming family flick Legacy Peak which will arrive in cinemas and US theatres on September 22. To promote the new role, Black shared the trailer to his Instagram page, alongside a caption in which he claimed the movie industry needed more movies to “promote family and masculinity”. READ MORE: NCIS LA season 14 theory: Hetty death sealed after premiere details He wrote alongside the promo: “We need movies that promote family and masculinity. That's why I'm excited to share the trailer for ‘Legacy Peak’, a new film I'm in from @pureflix which releases September 22nd. “Looking forward to sharing moments from set with you over the next few weeks,” he went on before including a series of hashtags: “#faith #family #entertainment #bringbackmasculinity #manhood #leadership.” Black is no stranger to expressing his desire to “bring masculinity back” on his social media pages, often rubbishing or poking fun at political correctness. And it seems his followers were pleased to see Black back on screens, with @kevinson1970 replying: “Awesome! Love the fact that you're using your incredible acting skills to promote family, masculinity, and faith into a great looking movie. God Bless.” While @sandycreekmercantile: “If you're in it, it's definitely going to be amazing! We need movies like this that we can actually watch as a family.” Elsewhere, @angscohow6971 weighed in: “Thank you!!!!!! Yes we need these kind of movies!!!!” And @iambiancamatthews: “We sure do need more movies of like this. Represent Lucas! Show ‘em how it’s done. Can’t wait to watch! #masculinity #faith.” The film follows Black’s character Jason who, in an attempt to prove himself as a worthy step-father to his other half and her children, takes his new family to a cabin in the hopes of getting down on one knee. DON'T MISS:NCIS' Sean Murray exposes 26-year connection to Gary ColeThe real reason Lauren Holly left NCIS as Jenny ShepardNCIS' Ziva David star shares biggest challenge of return However, when he takes the children aboard a flight to get there, he’s forced to act on his feet when his plane is brought to an emergency landing. Over the course of the film, Black’s character will come to understand what it takes to be a father figure as well as teach his soon-to-be step-children about his faith. Black is joined in the cast by the likes of Kyleigh M Bakker, Roman Engel, Todd Terry and Ina Barron. Meanwhile, despite NCIS NOLA coming to a close after seven seasons last year, the franchise continues to go strong on CBS. The flagship series, now led by Gary Cole following the departure of stalwart Mark Harmon, is entering its 20th season. Elsewhere, NCIS LA will soon be back with LL Cool J and Chris O’Donnell leading the way for a 14th run. And then there’s NOLA’s replacement NCIS Hawaii which will make a comeback with its second season led by Vanessa Lachey. Legacy Peak airs in theatres in the USA from September 22.