Speaking at a press conference in Kyiv on Thursday, Oleksii Hromov warned Belarusian military drills to simulate the halting of an enemy advance that could be aimed at Ukraine. Alexander Lukashenko's troops will conduct the drills between September 8 and 14 and will simulate the liberation of captured territory. Mr Hromov said: “This particular exercise will for the first time cover liberating territory captured by the enemy, and reaching the border in a counter-offensive. “It’s possible that by ‘lost territory’ they could mean Ukrainian borderlands in Volyn, Rivne, and Zhytomyr oblasts." Moscow announced in late July that it would hold the "Vostok" (East) exercise in the east of the country, despite waging a six-month-long war in Ukraine, where it has suffered heavy losses of personnel and equipment. China, Belarus, Mongolia and Tajikistan are the other participants. Last month, President Lukashenko said that his military's SU-24 warplanes had been modified to carry nuclear weapons and that Minsk would react immediately if the West caused it any problems. Lukashenko said he had agreed to the move to modernise Belarusian warplanes with Russian President Vladimir Putin, the Belta news agency reported. Belarus, a staunch Russian ally, does not have its own nuclear weapons. READ MORE: Poland demands WW2 reparations from Germany Lukashenko did not go into details about how a weapons transfer from Moscow, which is using Belarusian territory to mount what it calls its "special military operation" against Ukraine, might take place. Belta cited Lukashenko as talking about a potential future threat from neighbouring Poland, a NATO member, while saying he was confident that the Polish military, unlike Warsaw's politicians, understood how Minsk could respond to what he called any escalation. His overall remarks appeared to be referring to a potential threat from the West in general. DON'T MISS:Zelensky handed lifeline as Putin running out of weapons [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed [ANALYSIS]Downing Street hit with sexual misconduct allegations [VIDEO] "They (the West) must understand that if they opt for escalation no helicopters or planes will save them," Lukashenko was quoted as saying. "Everything was ready," he said, referring to the work to modify Belarusian warplanes to carry nuclear weapons. "It's not a good idea to escalate things with Belarus because that would be an escalation with the Union State (of Russia and Belarus) which has nuclear weapons. "If they start to create problems ... the response will be immediate."