The Voice UK will be back on Saturday and will see a fresh set of talent taking to the stage in a bid to impress the judges. Sir Tom Jones, Olly Murs, Anne-Marie and Will.i.am will be back in their iconic red chairs, while Emma Willis will take centre stage to host the show. However, speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about what fans can expect from the ITV series, Anne-Marie admitted there are plenty of “emotional” moments. The 2002 hitmaker even said she had to “walk off” The Voice set when Sir Tom sang his song Crumble, in memory of his late wife, Linda Trenchard. Recalling that moment, Anne-Marie began: “Tom sang one of his songs called Crumble for his wife. “And I had to walk off, not because it was bad, [but] because it was so emotional. “I think this is like a testament to him and why he has been able to stay around [for] so long because he feels every word he says and every song he releases he means it. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife “And he was singing that song and he said, ‘This is to my wife’ and he just f****d me up.” Olly chipped in: “To see someone who loved his wife so much, you could see the pain.” Sir Tom and his late wife met as teenagers and married at the age of 16. They later went on to have their son, Mark, who has helped to manage his father’s career. The couple was together for 59 years before Linda died of cancer in 2016. Since Linda’s death, Sir Tom has openly spoken out about their life together. He often shares his own fond memories of Linda and Sir Tom has previously performed a tribute song to his love on The Voice. Following the heartbreak of losing his childhood sweetheart, Sir Tom has continued to write and share his music. DON'T MISS...Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling [SPOILERS]Bargain Hunt star details huge profit Prince Charles' toast made [NEWS] Later this month, the 82-year-old is expected to visit the States to continue his worldwide tour. Although, admittedly, the Sex Bomb hitmaker doesn’t find performing on stage as easy as he used to. Sir Tom, who is currently walking with a stick, admitted he prefers to sit down on stage as he struggles to stand up for long periods. “I can do about four songs… and I can walk on [stage],” he explained when chatting about his health. “I have an inversion table in my dressing room, so you go upside down for a couple of minutes. “You go on that, and you think, ‘This is great’ because you walk, and it hasn’t settled down yet. “So, I can do like four songs like that, and then it starts to hurt. In my show, I sit down for the song called Windmills of your Mind. “So, I've been doing that anyway, you know, sitting down for that. But then I would get up and do more, now I don’t get up.” The Voice begins on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.