With many airlines charging passengers to check luggage, holidaymakers can save a substantial amount by choosing to fly with just cabin bags. However, there are often weight and size restrictions which bags must fit into in order to be taken onboard. Any bags which exceed the hand luggage allowance could end up costing passengers, with some airlines even requiring heavy hand bags to be checked into the hold. Becky Moore, the founder of travel blog GlobalGrasshopper currently lives what she describes as "a semi-nomadic existence" and has clocked up visits to over 40 countries, during which time she's had plenty of experience packing in line with airline restrictions. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the travel pro revealed an easy hack which could save "an insane amount" of space in your bag. She said: "My best tip is to get your hands on a space saver vacuum pack. READ MORE: The friendliest country in Europe is perfect for British expats "You can pick them up for less than £30 and they take all the air out of a zip seal bag - reducing the size by an insane amount." Vacuum pack bags work by placing clothes or other items inside of them, before removing all of the air from the package prior to sealing. In some cases, a vacuum-sealed bag can actually reduce the amount of storage space needed by 50 percent, making them perfect for slotting inside suitcases. However, you should be careful to keep an eye on how much you are putting into each bag, as they can make it easy to slip over the weight restriction set out by your airline. Before you begin packing, make sure to check the weight and size requirements set out by your chosen carrier. Some vacuum pack bags come with portable machines to remove the air, however these can be cumbersome to travel with. Becky explained: "The trick is to pack two or three old pieces of clothing that you don't mind leaving on your trip - because you won't be able to take the air removal machine with you. "I always pack a few items that I've either picked up from a charity shop or that I no longer wear very often. DON'T MISSBaggage handler shares common items people 'should not' put in bags [COMMENT]Eurostar to suspend direct train between London and Disneyland [REPORT]The friendliest country in Europe is perfect for British expats [INSIGHT] "I'll utilise these pieces on my trip for laying about and if I'm partaking in any sports, physical activities, or excursions. And then on the way back, I can just bring what I need." If you can't get your hands on vacuum pack bags, large Ziploc bags can work in a similar way. Fold your clothing items and then slot them into the bag, then simply push all of the air out before sealing them. Organising your clothes into vacuum pack bags or Ziploc bags can also help maintain organisation during your travels. Arrange your clothing into outfits, before slotting into each bag. Then label the bag with the outfit or items within, so that they are easy to find. This can be particularly useful when travelling with children.