Spring-flowering bulbs are a must-have in every garden, but they take some preparation to help them thrive as winter fades away. Bluebells are just one of several native flowers which are well-worth planting outdoors but the window for getting the bulbs settled into the ground is rather short. However, according to gardening experts, there’s still time to plant them if you’re looking to brighten up your spring garden - and it’s very easy to get right. Bluebells are well-suited to any outdoor space and will fill it with the striking blue flowers for years to come after planting. Though it is widely known that bulbs planted during spring “in the green” often do better, they can take several years to establish after being lifted from their original position. English gardener and author Sarah Raven said: “It is not unusual to have only leaves in the year following transplanting, even if the plants are in flower when received from us. “This is because the bulbs are re-establishing their root systems and do not divert strength to producing flowers.” READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients She added that dry bulbs are often a better way to grow bluebells as they develop more quickly into “natural looking drifts” of flowers. According to the experts at J.Parker’s, there’s plenty of time to plant these as the prime season for dry bulbs has only just begun. They said: “The perfect time to plant bluebell bulbs is in the early autumn (September/October time).” While it is also possible to grow these “dainty little blooms” from seeds, the Woodland Trust explained that it’s quicker to start with bulbs since seeds can take four to five years to reach flowering size. Though spring bulbs have their perks, you shouldn’t be put off from planting dry bulbs for a quicker display. In fact, they often look just as striking as bluebells grown from bulbs “in the green”, as long as they are planted correctly. One of the most important things to get right when planting these native flowers is the depth of the bulbs. Sarah Raven recommended planting the bulbs to a depth that’s at least twice the length of the bulb. This is usually around 15cm deep. DON'T MISS:Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [INSIGHT]When to plant foxglove seeds: ‘Easy’ time to sow ‘glamorous’ flowers [ANALYSIS]When to plant strawberries - 'quick' tip to grow new plants for free [REVEAL]  Bluebells should be planted with equal spacing between each bulb, usually around the same length as the depth of each one (15cm). However, this isn’t always necessary for a more “wild” display of bluebells. Cottage garden styles may prefer to spread the bulbs randomly in the ground to replicate their natural growing pattern in woodland areas. To do this, plant small clumps of bulbs together with irregular spacing in between each one. Always maintain the double-length planting depth for the best results when they flower in spring.