 Around 3.4 million people who have reached the State Pension age are thought to be eligible but aren’t claiming it. Britons can claim Attendance Allowance if they are over State Pension age, need help with personal care, such as getting washed or dressed, need supervision to keep them safe during the day or night, or have any type of disability or illness.     This means that people may be eligible to claim if they have conditions such as sight or hearing impairments or mental health issues such as dementia. The amount a person can get is based on the help they need and not on the help they do or do not actually get. There are two different amounts which people can receive, and it is dependent on the care that is needed and not the disability. The lower rate, of £61.85 a week, is given if a person needs help or supervision during the day or at night. READ MORE: UK recession: How to 'recession-proof your retirement' savings as inflation soars     The higher rate, of £92.40, is given if a person needs help during the day and overnight, or if they are terminally ill. Overall, people have the chance to claim up to £370 per month. The money can be spent however the claimant would like as the aim of the benefit is to help people stay as independent as possible so they can stay in their own homes for longer. Attendance Allowance isn't a means-tested benefit so a person’s savings or income won't affect the claim.    It also won’t affect the other benefits they claim. To be eligible, people will have needed help for at least six months prior to making a claim. However, if a person is terminally ill, they can make a claim straight away. To claim Attendance Allowance, people will need to fill out the claim form which can be found on and downloaded from the Government’s website.  READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces September 2022 winners - have you won £1million prize?      The form is long and can take a fair bit of time to complete. The charity said that it understands the application process can be “daunting” and it has created a page with guidance and tips to help people better understand the process. Britons may apply for Attendance Allowance on behalf of someone else, for example, a parent or a friend or other relative. Age UK states that when people fill out their form, then they must be “really clear” on how their illness or disability affects them.     The charity advises that people read the notes that come with the Attendance Allowance claim form before they start filling it in. In their application, people will need to provide their National Insurance number and their GP details. The charity also recommends that people should include any and all supporting information, such as GP letters, care plans, and a list of all the medications they take. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) uses the application form to work out the entitlement and it will be looking to see what difficulties a person has and how much help they need. Once the form has been submitted, the DWP may contact a person for more information or to arrange a doctor's visit. People can also call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 if they need help with the application.   