Chelsea have broken the transfer world record for the highest spend during a single transfer window. The Blues have reportedly spent £273.5million this summer, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang joining the club from Barcelona late on deadline day as one of their final two signings of the window along with Denis Zakaria. Chelsea were taken over by Todd Boehly at the end of May - and the American has backed Thomas Tuchel in the transfer market. Tuchel, who guided the west London giants to third place in the Premier League last season, has built a formidable squad, with money appearing to be no object for Boehly. According to the Evening Standard, Chelsea shelled out £47.5m to sign Raheem Sterling from Manchester City, before prising Kalidou Koulibaly away from Napoli for £34m. The Blues then secured the services of Gabriel Slonina from Chicago Fire for £12m, Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa for up to £20m and Marc Cucurella from Brighton for a fee that could rise to £62m. Cesare Casadei then followed from Inter Milan earlier this week in a deal that could be worth as much as £16m, before Wesley Fofana put pen-to-paper on a deal in west London after leaving Leicester for a fee of £70m. And Aubameyang’s transfer has cost Chelsea £12m after the striker arrived from Barcelona in a part-exchange deal with Marcos Alonso. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal    Chelsea’s £273.5m spend is £900,000 more than Real Madrid spent during the summer transfer window of 2019, according to Football365, when they signed the likes of Eden Hazard, Ferland Mendy and Luka Jovic, as well as a host of other players. And it is clearly a statement of intent from Boehly, who will surely now be expecting Tuchel to have a crack at winning Premier League and Champions League silverware. Chelsea have a habit of spending prodigious sums of cash to sign new players and shelled out around £221m in 2020 to land Kai Havertz, Ben Chilwell, Timo Werner, Hakim Ziyech and Edouard Mendy. But Mendy is the only one of those players whose Chelsea career has been top-notch - so Boehly will be hoping Tuchel hasn’t been profligate in his dealings. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach    Aubameyang will be forced to wait at least three weeks for his Chelsea debut after suffering a broken jaw when he was attacked by armed robbers in front of his family during a horrific burglary at his home near Barcelona at the start of this week. But when he does finally line up for his new employers, he will be confident of racking up the goals after already proving he can cut it in the Premier League during a four-year spell with Arsenal.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here