Erling Haaland can tear up the history books this season on his way to as many as “50 or 60” goals according to team-mate Bernardo Silva. Manchester City’s fearsome new signing has bagged an incredible nine goals in his first five league games including hat-tricks in his last two games. Mohamed Salah holds the Premier League record for most goals in a 38-game season for the 32 he scored in 2017-18. But Haaland is already nearly a third of the way there. And Portugal midfielder Bernardo believes it is not ridiculous to suggest he could reach a half-century or beyond by the end of his debut season. Asked how many goals he feels are within reach for the Norway international, he said: “I hope 50 or 60. By Christmas! He is so good, so quick and so strong. His hunger for goals, he always wants more and to have a striker like him in our team is just great. “In the last two games he was unbelievable and I hope he continues this way.” Haaland posted a second hat-trick against Nottingham Forest on Wednesday and at this rate of scoring would be set to beat the Premier League record of 34 goals by January 2. And that is with a break for the World Cup beforehand. Barring injury, beating Alan Shearer and Andy Cole’s jointly held record looks a formality with this Manchester City side putting chances on a plate for him. Beyond that Jimmy Greaves' post-war record of 41 from 1960-61 looks under threat even if Dixie Dean’s 60-goal top-flight season in 1927-28 is probably unbeatable given the physicality of the modern game. “You can see in his face the way he wants to score, how aggressive he is inside the box and that is great to have in the box,” said Bernardo. “Julian Alvarez as well is so good and it’s nice to have two strikers like them that smell the goal and know where to be in the box.” With Haaland and Alvarez up front – the latter on the scoresheet twice in a 6-0 rout against Forest – City are moving ominously well in the early stages of the title race. And the fact Bernardo has committed his immediate future to the club will be music to the ears not only of the two forwards but City fans and manager Pep Guardiola. The Portugal international has made no secret of his desire to taste a new challenge but insisted he is happy to give his all for at least another year. “I’m staying for this season and if I stay here two or three seasons I’m always going to do my best for this club. I’m happy here at Man City and I will do my best,” he said. “I love Manchester. “People are really nice here the way they have treated me in the streets, bars, restaurants, it is just a bit different from where I’m from and sometimes you want different things in your life. But it wasn't a tough decision to stay because there were no offers. “There was one offer from one team and not from Spain, no more than that, so it was quite easy for me and for the club. I'm very happy here as I said and I'm going to do my best.”