UK inflation hit 10.1 percent as of July and with the energy price cap only due to increase, this figure is only expected to rocket further. Feeling the financial pinch, many Britons have been searching for ways to generate additional income streams while costs rise, and one savvy Londoner has been doing so through a social events app. Using an app called Bloc, Lisa Mifsud, 27, said she’s been accumulating between “£500 to £1,000” a month extra on top of her salary. Ms Mifsud told Express.co.uk: “I was invited [to the app] by my friend with one of those links where you both benefit. Because I downloaded it via her link, we both got stars. “This kind of gave me a good idea of how the app worked. My friend told me she was earning a little bit of money from it and I thought I'd give it a go. She continued: “It works for me because I can earn on the side whilst keeping my day job - and it also suits my lifestyle.  READ MORE: Mum’s money saving tip could save you £250 a month  “All I have to do is check in to the cafes, restaurants and bars I’m already going to, and the app rewards me with cash once I’ve checked into a certain amount. I don’t have to do anything too extra. “I’m currently earning between £500 - £1000 a month on top of my salary. "I plan to save my earnings from Bloc in the next few months to pay for the crazy energy bills that are coming up.” Through Bloc, users can check into an array of venues and earn stars for attending events - tracked via geo-location.  These stars can then be exchanged for cash or Bloc’s very own cryptocurrency, $BLOC, which can be spent at Bloc’s reward marketplace on physical products, such as clothes, laptops, phones, or experiences including six-course Michelin star meals, hot air balloon rides and tandem skydiving. Delving into how Ms Misfud locks in rewards, she said: “It's so easy to get rewards on it, in terms of it doesn't take up any precious hours in terms of 'work', so as long as I need extra cash I might as well check-in on the app.”I get most of my cash from being favourited by other users and by inviting people. So, I only check in to around 10-15 places per month before earning around £500. “To get favourited, you need to check in to venues so people can find you and you need to be consistent on inviting people and sharing the links on social.”  DON'T MISS: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 [INSIGHT]House price crash: Market boom to END [ANALYSIS]Council tax explained: Who is eligible for a reduction on their bill? [EXPLAINED]    This is just one of the many apps Britons are turning to generate additional sources of income to aid with soaring living expenses. Cashback apps and sites like ZIPZERO, Airtime Rewards, and Quidco, are increasingly growing in popularity, as they're seen as a quick and easy way for users to nab some money back from purchases they make. Depending on the app, all users seem to have to do is take a picture of the receipt of any purchase to redeem ‘rewards’. When users share insight into purchases to the choice app, it can then give personalised offers.  On its website, ZIPZERO explains: “Every time you shop with one of our retail partners and earn a premium reward, ZIPZERO earns a commission from processing the sale. “We use the majority of this commission to cover the rewards you earn from sharing your data within the app. This is how we close the loop on a fair consumer exchange.” Users can also use these rewards to take money directly off utility bills, which many have found particularly helpful while energy costs shoot. For additional tips to make savings, click here. 