 If it is scrapped for good as some would like, today's pensioner poverty would only get worse. Conservative Party leadership frontrunner Liz Truss needs to publicly back its future to the sake of millions of pensioners.   Inflation is devouring the value of pensioners’ incomes in real terms, and it is only going to get worse. The Bank of England has predicted that consumer price growth will hit 13.3 per cent this autumn, up from 10.1 per cent in July. Incredibly, that figure is now at the lower end of the scale. Citibank has forecast inflation of 18 percent in the spring. Goldman Sachs has gone beyond that to predict insane price growth of 22 percent in January. So what did pensioners get from April this year? A tiny 3.1 percent, thanks to former Chancellor Rishi Sunak's decision to suspend the triple lock for the 2022/23 tax year. No wonder so many are wondering how they will survive the coming winter. Especially with energy prices now predicted to be £324 higher than the basic State Pension, as I reported last week.   Under the triple lock, both the old and new State Pensions rise either by inflation, earnings or 2.5 percent, whichever is highest. The earnings element would have applied for 2022/23, and although an 8.3 percent pay rise would still have been below inflation, it would have been much better than what pensioners ultimately got. The State Pension increase for the 2023/24 tax year should be higher, as it will be based on September’s inflation figure. That could easily be or 11 or 12 percent, giving some respite. But pensioners may still get less than inflation, particularly if Citibank or Goldman Sachs are right. There’s another problem. Each year's State Pension increase sets a baseline for subsequent increases as well. READ MORE: Basic state pension shock - pays £324 LESS than average energy bill   So Sunak’s triple lock backtrack won't just hurt pensioners this year, but every year for the rest of their lives. It will also hit untold millions who have yet to retire, as the State Pension will be lower when they finally do. Giving state pensioners a pay rise of 8.3 percent would have increased the maximum new State Pension to £194.50 a week, instead of the £185.15 they actually got. Sunak has therefore cost them £9.35 a week, which over the year will add up to £486.20 in lost pension. Worse, they will lose money every year going forward, plus all future growth on that money. The total cost will top £10,000 for the typical 20-year retirement. There is a reason why so many pensioners were furious to see the triple lock scrapped, and are wary about its future. Conservative Party leadership frontrunner Liz Truss has suggested it is safe for the life of this Parliament. DON'T MISS:Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [LATEST]Barclays issues urgent warning as scam could land you in prison [WARNING]Pensioners to get extra £300 to help with cost of living - when to exp [GUIDE]  But that is only until 2024 – and it could be even sooner if Truss calls a snap leadership election to build a political mandate. There are growing calls for the triple lock to be scrapped altogether because it is just too expensive. There has been a long-running campaign against it, stretching back year. Some have pilloried it as a windfall for the old. Others have said that this triple lock protection is spoiling pensioners. They point out that three million retired people are technically millionaires, while young people are struggling with high taxes, high property prices, high rents, and high student debt. Pensioners who are now scraping by will tell a different story, especially those on the old State Pension. They know just how important the triple lock is to them – and how much they lost when it was suspended for just one year. Suspending it for good would be cost them far more. 