Arsenal are interested in signing a midfielder on deadline day following injuries suffered by Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey. But in Albert Sambi Lokonga, they have already found a long-term replacement for the Egyptian. Sambi Lokonga starred for Arsenal in their 2-1 win over Aston Villa on Wednesday. He was handed the responsibility of playing as the deeper-lying midfielder, a role he did not always excel in during his first season at the Emirates last term. Arsenal do still need to sign a midfielder. With Elneny set to be out for a period of time and Partey again suffering a thigh injury, there is a lack of depth ahead of a hugely congested fixture schedule. Villa's Douglas Luiz has emerged as a late target for the Gunners following his goal straight from a corner at the Emirates last night. Arsenal also have an interest in Palmeiras star Danilo, though a January move could be more likely. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  Mikel Arteta is hopeful of adding to his midfield resources, admitting after the Villa victory that the club is short in that area of the pitch. But Sambi Lokonga's performance will certainly have helped ease the Spaniard's mind. The Belgian was thrust into action earlier than most people would have thought following his arrival from Anderlecht last summer. He eventually lost his place in the side and has been linked with a move away from the club in order to get regular first-team action. However, his first start of this season has proven he has what it takes to be the long-term successor to Elneny. Arsenal were set to let Elneny leave the club at the end of his contract last season. DON'T MISSArsenal 'forced to wait for Barcelona' after three offers rejectedArsenal in the fight to sign Douglas Luiz as Arteta 'seduces' targetMan Utd chief John Murtough could make three signings by 11pm deadline  But a strong end to the campaign in Partey's absence led to a one-year contract extension. But at the age of 30, he is unlikely to be a major part of Arteta's plans moving forward. Elneny has never been a regular starter since joining from Basel in January 2016 but has been a reliable deputy. Sambi Lokonga could take up that mantle over the next few years. That's not saying he cannot become a first-team regular himself. But interest in more experienced players such as Luiz perhaps shows Arteta does not think the 22-year-old is quite ready to be relied upon in his best starting XI.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here