Aswad star Drummie Zeb, who was born Angus Gaye, has "left a huge void," his bandmates said today as they confirmed the news of his death. Tributes have since poured in for the reggae pioneer on social media. His bandmates released a statement, saying: "It is with deepest regret and profound loss that we have to announce the passing of our brother Angus ‘Drummie’ Gaye. "Drummie was the lead vocalist for the iconic band Aswad and is much loved and respected by both family, friends and peers alike. "More information will be given at a later time but on behalf of his family and Aswad - we ask that their privacy is respected at this heart-breaking time. "Drummie has left us to join our ancestors and leaves a huge void both personally and professionally." READ MORE: Jane McDonald's pal moves in with distraught star amid partner's death Aswad are a British reggae group, noted for adding strong R&B and soul influences to the reggae sound. They have been performing since the mid-1970s, having released a total of 21 albums. Their UK hit singles include the number one Don't Turn Around and Shine. Tributes have also poured in for the beloved musician as people offered their condolences to the singer, with UB40's Ali Campbell leading the heartfelt messages. He wrote on Twitter: "Very sad to hear the passing of Aswads Drummie Zeb. We’ve lost another U.K Reggae pioneer. "Deepest condolences go out to all of the Aswad family @TheRealAswad. Big Love." Musician General Levy wrote: "R.I.P Drummie Zeb." UB40's Robin Campbell tweeted: "RIP DRUMMIE ZEB. So sad to hear of the passing of Angus 'Drummie Zeb' Gaye, founder member, legendary drummer and vocalist with Aswad. Condolences and deepest sympathies to his family, friends and colleagues." DON'T MISS... Ashley Roberts, 40, showcases sculpted body in tiny purple bikini[LATEST]Rod Stewart 'replaced' Tom Jones at Platinum Jubilee after fallout[ROYALS]Our Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen dons tiny skirt for family walk[PICTURES] Twitter user, @Lorraine King penned: "Just heard the sad news that Drummie Zeb from the legendary reggae band Aswad has passed away. Aswad were absolute trailblazers when it came to British reggae and I love that had commercial success without losing their roots. May Drummie Zeb RIP." @JetStar music commented: "It pains us to bring you the heartbreaking news that reggae legend, Drummie Zeb has passed away. Drummie was the lead singer of the iconic british reggae band Aswad and although he his no longer with us, the legacy he has left behind will always and forever live on." @S_Fleary wrote: "RIP to the great Drummie Zeb from the legendary Aswad.Deepest condolences to his family, friends and fans. REST IN ZION KING." @skanmash added: "Hearing the sad news of the loss of Drummie Zeb, from @aswadband. One of the biggest reggae acts I've had the privilege to DJ for, several times. Always pleasant to talk to and genuinely interested in my selection. Our condolences to his family and friends. RIP #drummiezeb #reggae." Aswad began performing in the 1970s, releasing 21 albums in total and touring around the world. After 16 years, bandmember Brinsley Forde left the band in 1996 for spiritual reasons, leaving Drummie as the only founding member. 