Arsenal made a ‘serious approach’ for Lens midfielder Seko Fofana as they searched for a midfielder late in the transfer window, according to reports. The Gunners ultimately targeted Aston Villa star Douglas Luiz but failed to propose an acceptable offer to the Midlands outfit. Injuries suffered by Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny left head coach Mikel Arteta and technical director Edu scrambling for further reinforcements in the final days of the transfer window. A shortlist was drafted up with potential signings, with Luiz and Leicester ace Youri Tielemans suggested. Another lesser-known name was that of former Manchester City prospect Fofana. The Ivory Coast international has enjoyed a successful career since leaving England, where he also featured for Fulham. Fofana was excellent for Lens last season alongside now-Crystal Palace midfielder Cheick Doucoure. Arsenal made a ‘serious approach’ for the France-born man ahead of Thursday’s transfer deadline. JUST IN: Mikel Arteta breaks silence on Arsenal's failed Douglas Luiz bids According to the Independent, the Ligue 1 club ultimately managed to convince Fofana that his development was better served remaining with them. The 27-year-old signed a contract extension this week in a surprise move following a league game. That left Arsenal limited to just Luiz, who scored against the North Londoners in a 2-1 win for Arteta’s side on Wednesday. Villa knew Arsenal had few options and used that to drive up the price. Three bids, with the last totalling £25m, were turned down by the Villans. Luiz is out of contract at the end of the season and a cut-price deal could be arranged in January. DON'T MISS...Transfer window winners and losers as Arsenal and Man City hailedLuiz held private Arsenal transfer chat with Edu despite failed bidsMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag coy on when Antony will make his debut Arteta remains happy with the business Arsenal have completed this summer, despite missing out on a midfielder. "The club has done a phenomenal job of bringing in players that we wanted,” the Spaniard said on Friday. “Unfortunately, in the last 72 hours, Thomas [Partey] and Mo [Elneny] got injured, and we had to react in the market. We tried, and at the end of the day, we have to bring in the players we feel are right, but we didn't manage to do it." Villa boss Steven Gerrard also explained why the club rejected three bids for Luiz despite the fact clubs will now sign him for less than Arsenal’s offer in either January or next summer. The former Liverpool midfielder said: "I've got confidence he'll understand the situation and the club's decision. We didn't want to lose a very important player and a top player so late in the window. From a personal point of view, I very much back the club's decision and stance on that. I spoke to Dougie face-to-face yesterday, and he understood where it was at and the position that the club was in."