Eddie Hearn has revealed he was told "I f****** didn’t box well, I lost," by Anthony Joshua as the fighter tried to shun his promoter immediately after his defeat to Oleksandr Usyk. Joshua's bid to win back his world title belts in Saudi Arabia fell short after another masterful display by the Ukrainian, with many considering 'AJ' fortunate to even lose on a split decision. A seemingly 'punch-drunk' Joshua then behaved bizarrely after the fight, picking up the two world title belts before appearing to throw them out of the ring in disgust. After returning to his locker room, he then charged back into the ring to give an impromptu speech on the microphone, congratulating his opponent while also telling fans how he 'came from nothing'. Despite the defeat, the widespread perception has been that Joshua, 32, showed vast improvements from his first battle with Usyk, which he lost via unanimous decision at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium last September. But now promoter Hearn has said his fighter angrily rejected that notion when he tried to console him in the changing room. "He didn’t want a conversation, it was that sort of vibe," Hearn told Sportsmail when asked about his first words with Joshua afterwards. "We went back into the changing room and he was extremely frustrated. JUST IN: Floyd Mayweather makes baffling 'eggplant' comment ahead of fight with MMA star Asakura "He said, 'No I f****** didn’t box well, I lost'. I said, 'No, you boxed well. In the first fight, you didn’t box well, and I’ve told you that. But after nine rounds, I was convinced you were going to win this fight'. Usyk was amazing in the 10th, 11th and 12th rounds." Hearn did concede that the right man one, but added "Joshua took him all the way," as he now plots the heavyweight's next move. Deontay Wilder has expressed his interest in a bout, claiming Joshua's team previously “did everything to avoid the fight." DON'T MISS:Andrew Tate vows to mimic KSI and calls out two YouTube influencers to fight on one nightDana White gives brutally honest verdict on Jake Paul vs Anderson Silva fightTommy Fury 'throws punches' at his brother as ex-Love Island star spotted in street fight Of more immediate concern to Joshua will be his coaching relationship with Robert Garcia. The trainer, who was critical of his man following his loss, has told Joshua he will need to relocate if their to continue working together. “I told Anthony and all his team that, for me, the best way to keep working together is if Anthony comes to train in my gym in California eight weeks before a fight,” Garcia told IZQUIERDAZO. "From six to eight weeks, that’s all I need for a good camp."