Gutters and downpipes that are blocked with leaves and debris can lead to a build-up of rainwater. The rainwater can then cause damage to both the interior and exterior of a property which can lead to other issues like mould. While it may be a tiresome job, gutters need to be maintained and cleaned twice a year. The frequency of cleaning gutters will also depend on what type of foliage is near the home. Now, cleaning experts from The Home Depot have shared how to clean gutters to avoid “water damage”. The experts said: “Cleaning gutters is an important part of home maintenance. Blocked gutters can eventually cause water damage and cost you money in the long run.” The equipment and tools you will need include an extension or step ladder, two buckets, a trowel or scoop, a garden nozzle, drill and bits and a pressure washer. READ MORE: The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ The first thing homeowners need to do is clean near down pipe. Place the ladder squarely on level ground before climbing. Use a ladder stabiliser to help keep an extension ladder in place. Then, use two buckets to make the job easier - one for debris and the other for tools. Hook the buckets to the ladder for easy access and start cleaning large debris like leaves and twigs by hand. DON'T MISSFour ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [UPDATE]Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [ANALYSIS] Then use a trowel or scoop to remove any compacted debris. Wear latex gloves under work gloves to keep hands dry. Once this has been done, it’s time to clean the down pipe screeners. Once large debris is removed, flush the gutter with water using a garden hose starting from the end opposite the down pipe. The experts said: “If the amount of water coming out is less than what's going in, there's a clog. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “To remove a clog, feed your garden hose up the downspout and turn the water on at full pressure. “Once the gutters are clog-free, check for proper flow and drainage. “Use the hose to flush the gutters again. This time look for any leaks at the seams then use sealant to make any necessary repairs.” Gutters with standing water are not properly sloped and need to be readjusted. Once clean, ensure the gutters are securely attached to the property and inspect downpipes for damage. The exteriors of the gutters can be cleaned with a pressure washer to remove mildew and dirt. This isn’t necessary but will improve the overall aesthetic of the exterior of a property.