Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power is a prequel set thousands of years before the original J R R Tolkien films. The series features some old and new faces as it recalls the events leading up to a new force of evil infiltrating Middle-earth. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how many episodes are in the series. The new fantasy drama is set in the Second Age of Middle-earth, thousands of years before The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. The highly-anticipated series has already been given the green light for a second season, with filming expected to begin in October 2022. Production will start shortly after the season one finale, which will air in the middle of October. Fans in America, Canada and Latin America will be able to watch the premiere from 6pm PT and 9pm ET on September 1. For those in the UK, they will have access from 2am the following morning, on September 2. READ MORE: Rings of Power release time: What time is the Prime Video series out? There are eight episodes in the first season, and the full episode schedule is as follows: Episode one – Thursday, September 1/Friday, September 2 Episode two – Thursday, September 1/Friday, September 2 Episode three – Friday, September 9 Episode four – Friday, September 16 Episode five – Friday, September 23 Episode six – Friday, September 30 Episode seven – Friday, October 7 Episode eight – Friday, October 14 The series begins during a time of peace and viewers will witness the forging of the Rings of Power. They will also see the rise of the Dark Lord Sauron, who appears in the Lord of the Rings films. The fall of the island kingdom of Númenor and the last alliance between Elves and Men will also be shown in the first season. These events take place over thousands of years in the books but have been condensed down for the series. DON'T MISS... Lord of the Rings boss on ‘rivalry’ with Game of Thrones prequel [INSIGHT] Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power release date, cast, trailer, plot [EXPLAINER] Lord of the Rings trailer: Rings of Power promo teases 'end of man' [VIDEO] The series is one of the biggest productions ever made for Prime Video in terms of scope and spending. A total of 38 filming locations were chosen for the season, across Auckland and elsewhere. When the series was first announced it was believed the entire five seasons would have a budget of $1 billion. The total cost of the first season is understood to be set at $715 million, costing $89 million per episode. The Rings of Power was adapted from Tolkien's book called The Silmarillion, which was published in 1977 by his son Christopher Tolkien. Morfydd Clark has taken over the role of Galadriel from Cate Blanchett in the original films. In the trailer, she is seen asking people to join her to carry on her brother's fight after he died trying to take down the enemy. Across the eight episodes, viewers will learn how Galadriel runs toward the fight while others flee the danger.  Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power airs on Amazon Prime Video from September 1.