Cellulite, which often targets the bum and upper thighs, is difficult to escape entirely. And while it is totally normal, many women feel self-conscious about what it looks like. Facial yoga practitioner, nutritional advisor and all-round wellness expert Victoria Adams spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how women can lessen the appearance of cellulite at home. So what is cellulite? Victoria describes it as dimpling "caused by a buildup of fat underneath the skin". She explained: "Fibrous connective cords (vertical connective tissue, imagine pillars) tether the skin to the underlying muscle, with the fat lying between. "As fat cells accumulate, they push up against the skin, while the long fibrous cords pull down. This creates an uneven surface." She revealed that once you've got it, "there's no way to completely eliminate cellulite", however it is certainly possible to reduce its appearance. READ MORE: Red wine will make you look you look younger - doctor claims  And while this can be done via cellulite reduction treatments conducted by professionals, Victoria suggested there are also things women can do from home. Body massage is one of Victoria's favourite ways to reduce the appearance of cellulite, with the expert claiming that results can be seen in as little as two weeks. This can be done in the comfort of your own home for just a few minutes per day, or a few times a week, using a body brush, gua sha or even the hands. She suggested that those using a body brush may want to limit the practice to just a few times per week. Those practising this method can try it in the shower, or when dry with a moisturiser which allows the hands - or tools - to glide across the skin. Victoria explained that mechanically massaging the body will mobilise cells and address fat deposits. It also encourages blood flow, tissue regeneration and lymphatic drainage. Lymphatic drainage, according to Byrdie, minimises the appearance of cellulite by reducing the amount of fluid that presses against the cross-hatched fibres beneath the skin. She recommended creating a movement of circular upward strokes or straight upward strokes towards the core, from the ankles to the waist, wrists to the shoulders, and the outer collarbone to the breast bone. READ MORE: Dr shares 'fundamental' product for reversing wrinkles If using a moisturiser to massage with, Victoria recommended one "very helpful" ingredient. "Caffeine applied topically can dehydrate the fat cells, and by dehydrating the fat cells you're kind of shrinking the fat cells." Victoria's next tip was to increase the ratio of lean muscle mass to fat, making sure to do this over time, as losing weight too quickly may lead to looser skin. Increasing the ratio of lean muscle to fat may mean cutting down on processed foods, reducing your calorie intake a little, leading a more active lifestyle and strength training. She continued: "One of the best ways is to increase physical activity levels.  "And that is because you want the body to be burning rather than storing excess fat." Victoria's next tip was to try to control your stress levels. She claimed that if the body is under an extreme amount of stress it can produce excess cortisol that "sends a signal to the body encouraging it to store fat, not burn it". Victoria added: "If you're exercising to the point it's causing you too much uncomplimentary stress, that's not going to do you any favours either." In her own experience, Victoria found that being "immobile" for long periods of time would exacerbate her cellulite, with regular, moderate exercise quickly "turning it around".