Christian Schreyer, the chief executive of Go-Ahead Group, suggested that the UK could benefit from schemes used in some European countries. Germany and the Netherlands were highlighted as being examples of nations where travelling by bus or bicycle is the norm. Mr Schreyer said when looking at the Netherlands “all buses downtown are fully electric”, saying they were quiet and reliable. He added: “Next to the bus you have your bicycle lane and then you have pedestrians. No one complains anymore. “For me, there's no alternative if you want to, on the one hand, achieve the climate targets and on the other hand, you want to make cities attractive again,” the Telegraph reported. He estimates that each of his buses can replace between 40 and 50 cars, while a train can cut 400 cars. READ MORE: Major number plate changes to be introduced to all new cars today There was also an emphasis placed on reducing traffic to enable more bus routes and reducing fares in the process. Electric buses have also been central to Go Ahead’s expansion, with the chief executive saying the investments into EVs would be less cost-effective unless traffic was reduced. Mr Schreyer added: “The question is: is the road dedicated mainly to cars? “Or is it dedicated to bicycles, and public transport and buses? DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge fuel changes with further rollout of E10 petrol [WARNING]Simple car trick slashes fuel consumption by 12 percent [INSIGHT]Electric car drivers demand huge VAT cut on public charging costs [SHOCKING] “If the UK wants to achieve its targets, if we want to have cities where we have a high standard of living where people like to live, we need to reduce the noise, we need to reduce emissions and we need to reduce car usage.” Many European countries have implemented public transport schemes in recent months to deal with the shortfall in passengers after the coronavirus pandemic. Germany introduced a public transport scheme allowing anyone to use an unlimited amount of regional services for a month for just €9 (£7.77). The scheme ran for three months, with an estimated 52 million tickets sold. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Infrastructure and Water Management reported that the Dutch population made 4.8 billion trips by bicycle in 2019. This covered 17.6 billion kilometres and equates to 3km of cycling per day, per Dutch person. More than one-quarter of all trips are taken primarily by bicycle in the nation. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps had previously suggested capping bus fares at £2, in a policy which would cost £260. He said he hoped the “most vulnerable” would be able to benefit, allowing them to take low-cost methods to get to work, the shops and the GP. Mr Shapps added: “Our country’s 30,000 buses provide a lifeline for country communities and an equally vital – and greener – solution for city workers wanting to ditch the car. “It’s time to provide some help for regular bus users and bring them some relief in these tough times. “So, I propose that we set a £2 fare cap for every bus journey in England outside London this autumn, lasting 12 months.”