With all of the Strictly Come Dancing contestants announced and the start date confirmed, Craig Revel Horwood has backed who he believes will be the 2022 champion. The long-running judge of the BBC show believes Will Mellor's personality will be the key factor to ballroom glory. Craig has backed the Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps star Will to be crowned the champion of Strictly Come Dancing this year. Although his fellow professional dancer has not been revealed yet, Craig believes Will's charisma will be the key to winning the dancing reality show. Will was the first celebrity revealed for this series and he is already being touted as a favourite among bookmakers. He is currently leading the way with the lowest odds of winning the competition and Craig clearly agrees too. Read More: Escape to the Chateau's Angel hits out at Dick's 'punishing' demands The flamboyant judge explained: "I’m looking forward to seeing Will, I’ve got to say. I think he’s got a real charm about him and I think he’ll be able to bring that onto the dance floor." Despite his vast experience on Strictly Come Dancing and the West End, he does not have much faith in his own dancing credentials though. When asked if he could dance well, he retorted: "It depends what you call well. "I dance in the kitchen or at parties like anybody does, but nothing at all like I'm doing here, I'm way out of my comfort zone." The launch of this year's edition will kick off on September 7, with the live shows starting on September 17. When he was announced as the first guest, Will, who's starred in Casualty and Coronation Street, could not hide his excitement. He declared: "I'm honestly so chuffed to be taking part in Strictly Come Dancing this year. Not going to lie, it's totally out of my comfort zone and I know it will be a huge challenge but that's what life is all about." The actor added: "This is also my Mum's favourite show and she’s had a really tough few years so I’m doing this is for her as well. Bring it on!” DON'T MISS...Bill Turnbull's Strictly partner Karen breaks down over his death [ARTICLE]Janette Manrara and Rylan Clark to return to Strictly's It Takes Two [UPDATE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments [INSIGHT] Will's entertaining ways will no doubt help him and those kinds of attributes are very important according to former winner Tom Chambers. The Father Brown star gave advice to prospective celebrities looking to do well in the competition. Tom believes the key to success is not to take the glamorous BBC show too seriously, he told express.co.uk: "The secret really is not to take yourself too seriously, even if you are genuinely [taking it seriously], which you do. "To begin with you're like 'Ah we will have a laugh' and see how it goes but the longer you're in, the longer you want to stay in. "The secret is don't take yourself too seriously, because the moment you do that, as soon as you get a whiff of 'Oh this guy is really over competitive,' it's a no-no." Fans of the show have also welcomed the return of Strictly's BBC spin-off show It Takes Two. Show bosses confirmed the popular hosts Janette Manrara and Rylan Clark will also be returning to present the show that looks behind the scenes of the dancing competition. Speaking of the spin-off show's return Janette said: “I am so thrilled to be back hosting It Takes Two alongside the amazing Rylan! “I’m very excited to bring the audience more great conversations with our couples, a lot of fun weeknight television entertainment." Strictly Come Dancing returns on Saturday, September 17, on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.