On Saturday, former Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse will be back on screens as The Masked Dancer makes its return to ITV. Joining the professional dancer on the judging panel will be Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross and new judge Peter Crouch. Joel Dommett will also be back to front the show, as viewers try to work out which celebrities are hidden under the weird and wacky costumes. Oti's co-stars may think she has the upper hand when it comes to guessing which celebrities are dancing, however, she thinks her Strictly background makes it harder. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press, Oti admitted she would struggle to spot if one of her Strictly co-stars took to the stage in costume. "I don't think I'd be able to tell whether it is [one of them]," Oti explained. "There are so many people connected to you [Davina], and me actually but I don't think I'd be able to tell. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash "But that is the fun part, the reaction," she added. When asked about whether her professional background has given her the "edge" against her fellow judges, Oti insisted: "I think that's Jonathan because Jonathan's job is to know people, know what they've done in their career." Davina was quick to point out Oti could spot who had danced before. "But not a lot of them..." Oti replied before adding: "One of them has never ever danced before, and they learned to dance on The Masked Dancer, which is incredible. "When you think, they've never done it before and what they were delivering, you think, 'What?'" Oti and the panel have already wrapped up filming for the upcoming series of The Masked Dancer, but the judges went on to admit they really struggle to keep the celeb's identities a secret. "I find it hard when you're talking about them like in moments like this to not reveal the gender," the dancer continued. "That is so difficult when you go this character...he and you're like, 'Oh no!'" DON'T MISS...'What was she hoping to achieve?' Meghan blasted in US over podcast [VIDEO]Loose Women's Kaye Adams opens up on Strictly fears [INSIGHT]Vera writer speaks out on Brenda Blethyn series ending [NEWS] Davina explained she has to walk out of the room when she is watching the show with her children. "It's really hard because I've got three kids and we sit and watch the show together," the former Big Brother host said. "And then the screws come out and they start turning, and they're like, 'Is it Rubber?' And it's really... sometimes I have to kind of leave the room." Davina even admitted her children have come close to guessing the celebrities' identities. The Masked Dancer will return on Saturday with 12 brand new celebrities, who will take to the dance floor to show off their moves. The last series saw Olympic gymnast Louis Smith storm to victory dressed as the wonderfully outlandish Car Wash. The series also saw Radio DJ and presenter Zoe Ball unmasked as Llama, choreographer and TV judge Craig Revel Horwood as Knickerbocker Glory, Ice skating legend Christopher Dean as Beagle and presenter Kelly Brook as Frog. However, this series will see the likes of Onomatopoeia, Tomato Sauce, Sea Slug, Scissors, Cactus and Astronaut battling it out. Along with Pillar and Post, Candlestick, Pearly King, Pig, Prawn Cocktail and Odd Socks. The Masked Dancer begins on Saturday at 6.30pm on ITV.