Ms Fernández de Kirchner was outside her home in Buenos Aires, greeting supporters gathered near her residence. Video footage captured at the scene shows a man appear in the crowd, and Ms Fernández de Kirchner ducking her head. No shots were fired and Ms Fernández de Kirchner is unharmed, officials have said. Current Argentine President, Alberto Fernández, said in a national broadcast: "A man pointed a firearm at her head and pulled the trigger." However, he said the alleged gunman's weapon did not discharge. He added: "Cristina remains alive because, for a reason not yet technically confirmed, the gun, which contained five bullets, did not fire."  Ms Fernández de Kirchner is in the middle of a corruption trial, in which she denies the charges against her. President Fernández continued: "We can disagree, we can have deep disagreements, but hate speech cannot take place because it breeds violence and there is no chance of violence coexisting with democracy." He called the incident one of the "most serious" since Argentina restored a democratic regime in 1983. Local media identified the alleged gunman as a 35-year-old Brazilian. READ MORE: Ukraine: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed   The man has been taken into custody. Security Minister Anibal Fernández told a local outlet: "A person who was identified by those who were close to him who had a gun was detained by (the vice president's) security personnel." Friday has been declared a national holiday by the Argentine leadership, with the president urging citizens to "express themselves in defence of life, democracy and in solidarity with our vice president". Economy Minister, Sergio Massa, sent his best wishes to Ms de Kirchner and her family after what he described as "attempted assassination". DON'T MISS: Ukraine LIVE: Russia issues direct nuclear threat to EU [LIVE]Ukraine pay the cost of retaking territory [REPORT] Zelensky handed lifeline as Putin running out of weapons [ANALYSIS] He tweeted: "When hate and violence prevail over debate, societies are destroyed and situations like these arise: attempted assassination." Ms Fernández de Kirchner has previously served two terms as President of Argentina. She then became vice-president in 2019. If she is convicted, Ms Fernández de Kirchner faces up to 12 years in jail over public contracts awarded during her two terms in office, with the lead federal prosecutor arguing for her disqualification from public office. Ms Fernández de Kirchner has previously said she feels she is the victim of a media and political persecution campaign. She said last month to her supporters: "I’ve said this before. They aren’t coming for me. They’re coming for all of you. "For the salaries, for workers’ rights, for retirees, for our indebtedness – that’s what they’re after."