Loose Women star Coleen Nolan has been married twice in her lifetime, firstly to Shane Richie for nine years, followed by Ray Fensome, who she split from after 11 years in 2018. With her first husband, who played Alfie Moon in EastEnders, she shares sons Shane Nolan, 33, and Jake Roche, 29.   The 57-year-old also has daughter Ciara Fensome, 21, with her latest ex-husband Ray. Speaking on Loose Women on Friday, Coleen candidly opened up about her marriage break-ups during a discussion about divorce regrets. She began by explaining that she initially considered how ending her marriages could take its toll on the family. The presenter said: "The reason I stayed probably longer, two or three years longer than I should have in both marriages actually was because of the kids. READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role "Especially the first time round, because the boys were young. "I really had this thing of 'being a statistic', I’m the one in three that the kids are from a broken home. I had this terrible guilt." Coleen went on to say she remembered wondering why her own mother didn't leave her father sooner than she did as she believed he wasn't in love with her. "I never saw them holding hands or doing anything tactile. There was times where he wasn’t very nice to her," she added.  Ahead of making the decision to end her marriages, the Nolans singer sought counselling. Explaining her thought process at the time, she said: "The decision I made – I actually went to counselling for it as well – was do I stay in a marriage where I bring the boys up thinking it’s OK to be like this? Or do I leave and show them that a woman doesn’t have to put up with that? "The main thing for me, both times, was the protection of my kids. "I thought, whatever’s gone on between me and Shane or me and Ray, I’m not gonna let it affect my kids – and I never did." Coleen added that after the break-ups, she never said a bad word about her exes in front of the children. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle left ‘squirming’ as Mariah Carey brands her a ‘diva’Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosisNadia Sawalha, 57, dons fishnet catsuit as she mocks Kim Kardashian The Loose Women panellist is believed to be single following her recent split from Michael Jones. The pair found love after matching on Tinder last year during lockdown. After keeping his identity under wraps for seven months, Coleen introduced her new lover to her fellow panellists and viewers on the show earlier this year. Gushing over their first date, the mother-of-three said there were no awkward silences and that the pair chatted nonstop for six hours.  "It's only been seven months. But it's going lovely," she added. In July, a source told The Sun the pair's relationship had "fizzled out". A spokesperson for Coleen later confirmed their split, adding: "Coleen and Michael are no longer together but remain great friends and are on good terms." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. 