For the second episode of her podcast Archetypes, Meghan Markle was joined by singer Mariah Carey. The pair united to discuss the connotations surrounding the term 'Diva'. During the episode, the pop superstar branded the former actress a "diva" to which Meghan laughed in surprise but later explained she had initially been offended by the perceived swipe. Speaking on Palace Confidential, the Mail on Sunday's editor-at-large Charlotte Griffiths suggested that Meghan's "shock" response showed she has "misunderstood her own podcast". Speaking of Meghan's "shock" over Mariah's comment, Ms Griffiths said: "I know, Meghan has misunderstood her own podcast. "Meghan spent the whole time going actually 'diva' is not a bad word and we should turn this around. "Then Mariah called her a 'diva' and she has a complete meltdown. "How dare you call me a diva". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan "It's literally the entire point of her podcast. Ms Griffiths added that this also shows Meghan "cannot take any criticism, whatsoever". She added: "She [then] went into post-production, sat down and recorded a whole new segment saying how offended she was, maybe a day later it would have a been recorded, maybe a week later. "It goes to show [that] she doesn't let things just go." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan Also during the episode, the 41-year-old claimed she said she only began to understand what it is to be treated like a black woman when she started dating her now-husband Prince Harry. Meghan said: "I mean, if there's any time in my life that it's been more focused on my race, it's only once I started dating my husband. "Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman, because up until then I had been treated like a mixed woman." DON'T MISS Kate has worn three different tiaras unlike Meghan Markle - here's why [REVEALED] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry eye new 'eye-watering mega deals' [REPORT] Omid Scobie claims Charles's office is 'concerned' ahead of The Crown [REPORT] She noted that following this "things really shifted". According to Spotify, Meghan will use the platform to "investigate the labels that try to hold women back" through the Archetypes podcast. Prior to its official release, Meghan released a promotional video, whereby she promised the episodes would show "the real me" and vowed to be "unfiltered". READ NEXT: