From shops being raided in broad daylight, to gang shootings in residential areas, to a 19-year-old girl being beaten to the ground and kicked outside a newsagents in South Norwood – this thuggery has come to represent the summer of 2022. The rise of the mob and the fall of law enforcement has been coming for some time. From toppling statues to blocking roads, no one cares anymore, or more correctly, no one cares about anyone but themselves, their cause, their protest, their issue. In short, the end justifies the means to a huge swathe of the country. I’ve heard all manner of excuses for why people act the way they do, from anger that people are killing the planet, to shame about our colonial past, to poverty driving people to crime and that social media is making violence appear the norm. None of these explanations work for me. The collapse of discipline and of community cohesion brings shame on us all. Some say this lack of respect for each other and authority comes from family breakdown. Figures out this week show nearly half of British children grow up outside the traditional two-parent household and a quarter of families are headed by lone parents (in Europe it’s 50 per cent lower). Others say it’s due to law enforcement being weighed down in red tape and political correctness, allowing criminals to run rings around them. Others will point to a lack of discipline in schools or to teachers and parents wanting to be their pupils’ and children’s friends rather than figures of authority. All surely play their part... but how to change such behaviour? Well, across the pond in a small town in rural Missouri, officials, teachers and parents have called for a ban on mobile phones in classrooms; a special academy school for pupils who have difficulty in traditional classrooms, and for corporal punishment to be brought back – a whack on the leg with a wooden paddle to be precise. Only certain approved teachers can do it, it’s not to be carried out in public, and it’s only to be used as a last resort to restore discipline and to stop a child being suspended, because once they drop out of the system no further help can be given to them at that stage. The small town of Cassville has decided that any change of behaviour needs to start in the classroom. But we are all going to have to think seriously about where this change needs to start here – about how to restore respect and discipline in our children and in our society. It starts at home and in the schools and it must be aided by a strong, effective police force – otherwise we are all going to be society’s losers. I wonder how many people in this country would back a move to bring back corporal punishment in schools. I suspect the number would be far more than the liberal elite would have you believe.  An Oxfordshire Labour councillor has criticised Conservative MP Robert Courts for putting on social media that he had enjoyed a wonderful family pub lunch at a local hostelry. Councillor Joy (probably the most inappropriately named person in the country) Aitman claims it is insensitive of the MP to enjoy an expensive pub lunch when so many people are struggling. Is it really part of Labour policy to close down all the pubs so that people aren’t seen to be enjoying themselves? What a miserable, idiotic bunch they are. Meghan Markle’s latest comments over what was said at a premiere of The Lion King have caused a stir, and the claws are out for her after she claimed she was told the people of South Africa rejoiced in the streets when she married Harry just like they did when Nelson Mandela won his freedom. Nelson’s grandson certainly didn’t see it that way, saying the two events did not equate at all. At least he could find words to say. I for one was left speechless by the comparison. 