The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will likely have moved into their home in Windsor by next week, in time for their children to begin the new school year at Lambrook. If the Duke and Duchess of Sussex use their home in Windsor, Frogmore Cottage, as a base during their trip to the UK, the brothers and sisters-in-law will be living just minutes away from one another. However, royal commentators said the Cambridges may not want to hold a meeting behind closed doors with the Sussexes until the publication of the Duke's memoir. Discussing the possible dynamic between the two families during Meghan and Harry's tour of Europe, royal expert Christopher Andersen told Us Weekly: "It’s going to be interesting in the next few days when Harry and Meghan go to Europe, and they’re gonna be playing royal hide and seek." Mr Anderson carried on by saying the Cambridges and the Sussexes may eventually find themselves "a brief stroll" away from one another and it could create an awkward situation if the couples don't want to meet. He said: "They’re going to be, literally, a brief stroll each other on the grounds of Windsor because the Cambridges have to [return in time to get their] kids in school." He added: "It’s gonna have all the markings of an old fashioned farce with these people trying to avoid each other. "They don’t wanna see each other because everybody’s worried about the [Duke of Sussex’s upcoming memoir]. "Harry’s book is gonna be loaded with, obviously, bombshells.” Following months of speculation, Kate and Prince William's office confirmed in late August the family of five was moving into Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom house on the Windsor estate. READ MORE: Princess Diana's former bodyguard on what he thinks really killed her This residence is just a short walk away from Windsor Castle and a 15-minute drive from Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis's new school. Upon announcing the royal children were all changing school, Kensington Palace said: "The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have today announced that Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis will attend Lambrook School in Berkshire from September 2022. "Their Royal Highnesses are hugely grateful to Thomas's Battersea where George and Charlotte have had a happy start to their education since 2017 and 2019 respectively and are pleased to have found a school for all three of their children which shares a similar ethos and values to Thomas's." A royal source said the decision to relocate was dictated by the parent's desire to continue to give their children a childhood as normal as possible. Speaking about the London residence, Kensington Palace, they added: "KP can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids." Kate and William will retain Kensington Palace as their working base and will still use Anmer Hall, their home in Norfolk, for breaks and staycations. Adelaide Cottage, a Grade-II listed building, was renovated in 2015, which allowed the Cambridges to move into it without having taxpayers to fork out funds for bringing the residence, built in the 19th century, up to date. Meghan and Prince Harry were last in the UK in June, when they celebrated the Platinum Jubilee by taking part in two events. On that occasion, they travelled across the pond with their children Archie and Lilibet, providing the chance to their royal relatives to meet their daughter for the first time in person, as she was born in June last year. Next week, however, the Sussexes aren't expected to travel with their children as this trip will be strictly focused on their charities and organisations they support. On September 5, they will be in Manchester to take part in the One Young World Summit, where Meghan will deliver a keynote speech. With Harry, she will also meet young leaders who have been working relentlessly towards gender equality. The following day, Meghan and Harry will be in Germany, one year before the beginning of the next Invictus Games competition taking place in 2023 in Dusseldorf. And on September 8, the pair will head to the WellChild Awards, hosted by one of Prince Harry's most beloved patronages, WellChild. This whirlwind trip comes just days after the publication of Meghan's lengthy interview with New York magazine The Cut, in which she appeared to say she is trying to "forgive" her royal relatives.