Floyd Mayweather has guaranteed that he ‘swell up Mikuru Asakura’s midriff like an eggplant’ when he lets rip to the body. The pair square off on September 25 in Mayweather’s latest venture into the exhibition boxing scene. The 45-year-old will take part in his fourth post-retirement fight at the Saitama Super Arena in Japan. In his three previous contests, he fought Japanese kickboxing ace Tenshin Nasukawa, YouTuber Logan Paul, and former sparring partner Don Moore. TBE will be working alongside MMA promotion RIZIN for a second time for this bout having wiped out the aforementioned Nasukawa in one round under their banner in 2018. Ahead of his next fight with Asakura, Mayweather is in good spirits and traded verbal jabs with Asakura at his most recent press conference in Hawaii. “Until you make money like I do stop talking. Stop wearing dorky clothes and start wearing the TMT clothes which are much cooler than yours,” Mayweather told Asakura. “I know it’s just an exhibition match but with a single punch I can guarantee you that his stomach is going to swell up like an eggplant. [Our punches] are as different as a jet plane and a fly, so I look forward to having a match against him.” Having made so much money over the years, a lot of questions were asked about Mayweather’s motivation levels coming into the fight. In response, he said: “We don’t train as much when we were competing. When we were competing we were competing against the biggest and best in the sport of boxing. MORE BOXING NEWS... Andrew Tate vows to mimic KSI and calls out two YouTube influencers Inside Joshua's 'furious' dressing room meltdown after Usyk defeat Tommy Fury 'throws punches' at his brother in street fight "So now we doing a little — we may train a few days and let the body rest a few days, train a few days, rest a few days. We don’t really train too much. We just travel and enjoy life. As far as boxing and competing at the highest level I did it for so long. When it’s time to go out there and do what I gotta do, I got that on lock.” Mayweather’s opponent, Asakura, is 16-3-1 in professional mixed martial arts competitions. In 2020, he competed for the Rizin featherweight title against Yutaka Saito but was defeated via unanimous decision over three five-minute rounds. Asakura has never boxed competitively before and will be partaking in his first-ever gloved bout later this month.