Lufthansa has cancelled almost all its flights to and from its main hubs, Frankfurt and Munich in Germany. A sudden pilots’ strike caused chaos. Over 800 flights were grounded by the German airline, with cancellations starting on Thursday. Long-haul flights, including to destinations in the USA such as Boston and Washington DC were also affected. The German pilots union, Vereinigung Cockpit (VC) called for a strike on Friday from midnight for 24 hours. The chaos is likely to last into the weekend, with long-haul flights affected until at least Sunday. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane'  Other flights are expected to be delayed with passengers advised to check the status of their flight before travelling to the airport. Lufthansa said the strike would have a “massive impact on flight operations” affecting the end of the school holiday period in Germany. British tourists are likely to be impacted by the strike action as the airline normally operates dozens of flights from the UK. All Lufthansa flights from London Heathrow to Frankfurt and Munich are grounded on Friday September 2. Travellers are entitled to be offered a flight to their destination as soon as possible even if it is rerouted. Lufthansa said it has offered its pilots a monthly increase of £775 on base pay and accused the union of making too high demands. The airline said the union’s request would “increase payroll costs by over 40 percent”. Its labour director, Michael Niggemann said: “We cannot understand VC’s call for a strike. “The management has made a very good and socially balanced offer, despite the continuing burdens of the Covid crisis and uncertain prospects for the global economy. READ MORE: Tourist tax in parts of the UK would be 'big trouble' “This escalation comes at the expense of many thousands of customers.” A spokesperson for VC said: “Aware of our responsibility for companies and guests, we wanted to leave no stone unturned and offered another negotiation date despite an inadequate offer and failed negotiations. “The negotiations have failed. Therefore, the only thing left for us to do is to enforce our demands with a labour dispute.” Eurowings, Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines and Swiss are all sibling airlines of Lufthansa but are unaffected by this action. The action follows a series of strikes in the travel industry this summer, with Ryanair and easyJet also affected. Staff at both budget airlines walked out in Spain in a dispute over working conditions and pay. Train staff across the UK have taken part in industrial action during the summer and further strikes are likely. Workers are in dispute over pay and working conditions as the cost of living crisis worsens.