Manchester United have won three consecutive Premier League matches for the first time since December last year with a hard-fought win over basement-club Leicester. Brendan Rodgers' side have been poor to start the campaign and they were unable to take advantage of an under-par United. Jadon Sancho's goal proved the difference in an otherwise uneventful night at the King Power. Express Sport takes a look at five things learned from the match. The loud boos at full time summed up the mood around Leicester at the moment and it's hard to argue against the anger among the supporters. They've sold their best defender and a host of first-team players are out of contract next year with no substantial transfers made in the summer window. All Leicester need is a big performance to turn things around quickly, but it's hard to see where that is going to come from and when. United were far from unbeatable tonight and left the door open a few times, but Leicester lacked any real threat or gusto to build up any momentum. Misplaced passes and silly mistakes in the forward areas were met with groans by the crowd. Troubling times for Brendan Rodgers at the bottom of the table. It's arguably the oldest saying in football but the best indication of a team on the up is being able to win even when they're not at their best and this was exactly that. They've now won three consecutive league matches for the first time since December last year.  The win over Liverpool was impressive as Erik ten Hag's side played the Reds off the park at Old Trafford. It was a more nervy performance at Southampton, but Bruno Fernandes' goal proved to be the difference as United's defence stood firm. They were once again off the pace against a Leicester side devoid of any confidence but once again did just enough to pick up all three points. The real test comes this weekend against the in-form Arsenal side, but in a results-based business United are getting the job done at the moment. United may have had enough to get past Leicester, but Antony will likely come straight into the starting line-up when up to speed and Ten Hag will need him to hit the ground running. Jadon Sancho has shown decent form with two goals in five games while Anthony Elanga and Marcus Rashford have also played their part in recent matches. But there are plenty of times where United are in need of some spark in attack that none of them have been able to provide. Antony may not have been a regular source of goals at Ajax, but at just 22 years of age he has plenty of room to grow and is fearless in taking on defenders. If Ten Hag can unlock Antony's full potential early on then United may well have got the kind of attacker they've been crying out for. But if Antony takes time to settle, the critics won't take long before calling out the huge fee United spent on him.  It worked against Liverpool and Southampton and the same tactics were seemingly deployed against Leicester. Lisandro Martinez, Diogo Dalot and Tyrell Malacia were all booked as they unapologetically stopped Leicester in their tracks during threatening moments. Dalot already has three yellow cards in consecutive matches and will be on the verge of a suspension very soon at that rate. United's defensive unit appear to be on the edge a lot of the time but it's working for them at the moment in breaking up any rhythm their opponents are able to build while also frustrating them too. It's far from a sustainable model in picking up the most yellow cards in the Premier League after five games (17). Ten Hag will want his side to pick their challenges better to bring that stat down before it comes back to bite them further down the line.