Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, doctor Sian Peer gave some insight into loneliness in older people and how Coronation Street has highlighted the issue. She explained how an important step in solving the problem is for people to be around friends of the same age who can relate to their issues and give them something to focus on. She also revealed why elderly people might feel increased loneliness, and one part of this is the amount of grief they experience. An Express.co.uk theory suggests that Audrey's friend Rita (played by Barbara Knox) might suddenly die, leaving Audrey feeling more alone than ever. Fans of the ITV soap will know that Audrey was suffering in silence for a long time. She recently overdosed on pills as a way out of her depression, and at first, she refused to face up to what she had done. After waking up in hospital, she asked the doctor: "Can I not just go home now?" "We need to keep you in for observation, I've arranged for a psychiatric liaison officer to discuss things with you tomorrow," the medic replied. "There's nothing to discuss!" Audrey argued, adding: "I made a silly mistake when I'd had one too many." READ MORE: 'Do you think Lilibet is going to be upset?' Meghan's podcast slammed "I'd feel happier if you talked to someone," the doctor replied. He told Audrey her family should be aware of her situation, but she lied, claiming she doesn't have any. "The toxicology report isn't suggestive of an accident or a mistake, the number of sleeping pills indicates something more deliberate" he continued. Luckily, Audrey finally opened up to her friends in emotional scenes about how she had been feeling three weeks later. Roy Cropper, (David Neilson), Ken Barlow (William Roache), and Rita Sullivan (Barbara Knox) were stunned by Audrey's revelation. After her confession, the group tried to talk openly to Audrey about what led to her taking such action. When talking about how people like Audrey can be helped by others, Dr Peers told Express.co.uk: "Try and help them connect to local groups too so they can mix with people of their own age. "Even suggest voluntary work to them if they are up to it. Anything that gives them a purpose when they wake up each day." She continued: "Connection is really important to everyone, no matter what their age. "This means talking to them and really listening to what they have to say. DON'T MISS... EastEnders resident Frankie Lewis attacked in horrifying ordeal [SPOILER]Gregg Wallace refuses to finish MasterChef star's undercooked fish [VIDEO]Emmerdale theory: Liv Flaherty becomes killer as she takes revenge [THEORY] "Instead of assuming they are fine, engage in a conversation about things they like to talk about." The professional added: "Sometimes families can make decisions based on what they think is the best for an elderly relative and it can be completely at odds with what that person truly wants. "Having a sensible discussion and presenting the pros and cons from everyone’s perspective can result in a decision that suits everyone even if compromises have to be made." Talking about the factors that can leave people feeling lonely, the doctor explained: "Life changes dramatically as we get older. "More divorces happen within the forty-something age group than any others. "As we move into our 50s, our children leave home and we may also experience the death of one or both our parents in our 50s or 60s. "In our 60s and 70s, some people will lose their partner as well as friends and, having probably retired within this time frame and left behind the workplace community, our social network becomes dramatically smaller. "All these changes can take their toll on our mental wellbeing in addition to the dramatic reduction in our social connection." With Audrey finally leaning on her friends to help her out, could tragedy strike once again to demonstrate how difficult it can be for older people to have a stable support system? Soap stalwart Rita might end up dying suddenly, leaving Audrey's circle even smaller than before. Although every Coronation Street resident would be devastated if Rita died, the tragedy might hit Audrey the hardest because she had only recently opened up to her about what happened. Could another upsetting incident leave Audrey feeling as bad as ever? It's possible that this time, her other friends she confided in will be keeping an eye on her, and the support of her family may help too. After her recent revelation, will Audrey's friends and family manage to ensure she isn't left feeling alone? Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.