Manchester United, after a slow start, enjoyed a positive transfer window in the end. Martin Dubravka and Antony joined on deadline day, following the likes of Casemiro, Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen to Old Trafford. However, Erik ten Hag’s rebuild is far from complete… Manchester United made Malacia their first signing back in July, with the Netherlands international joining from Feyenoord after previously looking set to move to Lyon. Eriksen and Martinez then followed, moving from Brentford and Ajax respectively. After missing out on Frenkie de Jong, and cooling their interest in the Barcelona star, United then proceeded to raid Real Madrid for Casemiro - who moved in a £60million deal. And, on deadline day, the Red Devils sealed deals for Antony and Dubravka - who have moved from Ajax and Newcastle respectively. While United had a good transfer window, however, more signings are required if they’re to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool for the Premier League title. So Express Sport will now take a look at three signings the club could make in January, when the transfer window reopens. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all While Aaron Wan-Bissaka has stayed at United, Ten Hag was actually open to cutting the player loose. With the club determined not to sell the 24-year-old for a loss, however, the former Crystal Palace star will now be at Old Trafford until January at the earliest. United still need a top right-back to challenge Diogo Dalot, with the Portugal international almost getting into the team by default these days. So it’ll be interesting to see if they address that area of their squad in January. Sergino Dest was one player Ten Hag wanted to bring in - but the Barcelona star has joined AC Milan on loan until the end of the season instead. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him United spent their whole summer chasing a deal for Barcelona star De Jong. They ultimately missed out on the 25-year-old, with the Netherlands international reluctant to leave the Nou Camp for Old Trafford - especially given the lack of Champions League football on offer. But United still need a midfield conductor to go alongside Casemiro. Christian Eriksen has fared well playing in that position yet there’s a sense the Denmark international would be better as a No 10, where he can be a goalscoring and creative threat. United haven’t given up on signing De Jong in the future, and it’s possible they’ll make another attempt to land the player in January. If not in the New Year, then potentially next summer. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. United were able to keep hold of Cristiano Ronaldo this summer, despite the Portugal international’s desire to leave. But with the 37-year-old likely to depart on a free transfer in 12 months’ time, the Red Devils need a young striker to lead the line. Even if Ronaldo were to extend his contract, fresh blood is required. Speed is vital for Ten Hag’s team - and the veteran has lost most of his. Memphis Depay could be available in January after Barcelona failed to offload him on deadline day. Yet the Red Devils may have to use their scouting networks to identify somebody capable of challenging Erling Haaland for the Golden Boot. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Manchester United have had a mixed record with January signings since the retirement of Sir Alex Ferguson back in 2013. Bruno Fernandes has been a hit ever since arriving from Sporting Lisbon nearly three years ago. Juan Mata was a cult hero during his time at United, despite not always playing on a regular basis. Odion Ighalo did well enough, with the Nigeria international joining from Fernandes back in January 2020. The less said about Alexis Sanchez the better, however… Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here