 Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall is spearheading a campaign to encourage millions of children across the country to start reading. The campaign is recruiting hundreds of primary schools to get involved in revolutionising libraries in the UK. Camilla has previously heralded the power of books and is known to be an avid reader.  During her 17 years as a working royal, the Duchess has made a significant impact on literacy. But as well as Camilla’s tireless effort to prove that she was a force for good, a huge PR push was put in place to improve her public image after a turbulent introduction to the royal fold. ‘Operation PB’ was put in place to shed the Duchess of her reputation as Prince Charles' mistress. The PR efforts have continued since her 2005 wedding and were in full swing last month ahead of her 75th birthday. READ MORE: ‘Game-changer’ evidence in Diana’s death investigation could ‘have been end of monarchy’  Camilla was the focus of an ITV documentary, guest-edited a special edition of Country Life magazine and carried out a week of celebratory royal engagements. However, while the softening of Camilla’s public image has been largely successful, one royal biographer has claimed she “lives in dread” of what could be said in Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir. Tina Brown, author of the recent best-seller ‘The Palace Papers’, told The Daily Beast this week: “The scorched earth left by Diana still smoulders. “For the first ten years after her death, the royals were still destabilised by the catastrophes surrounding Diana—from her divorce, the damage to Charles, the car crash, the effect on the boys.  “The rise of Kate (Middleton) and William have done a great deal to reduce that dark dust, and decrease the Diana decibel. “But with what Harry and Meghan have said and done, the next season of The Crown [which will focus on events leading up to and after Diana’s death] and Harry’s memoir will resurface a particular agony for Charles. Ms Brown continued: “The Queen was re-stabilised after the death of Diana, whereas Charles has continually battled to end those ghosts. “The rehabilitation of Camilla’s image has been utterly successful, but she lives in dread of Harry’s book. “In some ways, Diana’s ghost still rattles at the gate.”  Harry’s memoir is expected to be released later this year, in time to hit shelves during the lucrative Christmas season. However, the exact publication date remains unclear, with PageSix reporting the book could be delayed until 2023 because it is brimming with “truth bombs” that the Duke of Sussex is unsure about publishing. When the prince’s memoir was announced last summer, he said: ”I'm writing this not as the prince I was born but as the man I have become. “I've worn many hats over the years, both literally and figuratively, and my hope is that in telling my story — the highs and lows, the mistakes, the lessons learned — I can help show that no matter where we come from, we have more in common than we think.” DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS]  He continued: “I'm deeply grateful for the opportunity to share what I've learned over the course of my life so far and excited for people to read a firsthand account of my life that's accurate and wholly truthful.” It is understood that the manuscript has been completed and gone through the legal processes, meaning it is out of Harry’s hands, according to a report in The Sun. However, a royal expert has since claimed the prince is “very worried” about the memoir, saying he is concerned about getting “in trouble” with his family. Over the weekend, Angela Levin told GB News' Esther McVey and Philip Davis: “I think he’s [Harry] very worried.  “He’s in the middle of two very different positions here. “If it does come out and it slags off his parents, slags off the Queen, slags off the Royal Family, again, then I think he’s going to be in trouble. “We’ve now all heard more than enough about what a terrible time he’s had which is not always true. “But if he doesn’t write it then Meghan will be furious because she’s been helping him to write it.” The author claimed Harry and Meghan need the Royal Family to earn more commercially despite what they have said.  "That’s the reality," she added. "He’s in a very difficult spot. I think he might take out some of the extra nasty bits. "But, at the same time, he’s got to get it out there because he’s been promised a lot of money for this book.” Last year, when Penguin Random House announced the book deal, Page Six reported that Harry was “getting at least $20 million (£17 million) up front” from the publishing company. Proceeds from the book and audiobook are expected to be donated to charity. In August 2021, during a surprise appearance at a polo match benefitting Sentebale — a charity Harry co-founded in 2006 with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho to help children affected by HIV in Africa  — the Duke announced that he has committed $1.5 million (£1.3 million) of the proceeds from his memoir to the charity.  He said: “This is one of several donations I plan to make to charitable organisations, and I'm grateful to be able to give back in this way for the children and communities who gravely need it.” The content of Harry’s book has been kept under wraps, sparking mass speculation amongst royal watchers and commentators. According to Penguin, the memoir will cover his lifetime in the public eye from childhood to the present day, touching on his experience as a senior royal, his military service in Afghanistan and life as a husband and father. In a statement, Markus Dohle, CEO of Penguin Random House, said: “Prince Harry has harnessed his extraordinary life experience as a prince, a soldier, and a knowledgeable advocate for social issues, establishing himself as a global leader recognized for his courage and openness. “It is for that reason we're excited to publish his honest and moving story.”