The Duke and Duchess of Sussex spoke with New York magazine The Cut for its fall edition front cover story. In this lengthy article, Meghan spoke about how she and Prince Harry are teaching their son Archie Harrison manners, recalled viewing their £12million mansion in Montecito, Santa Barbara, for the first time and, among other issues, discussed the fallout with the Firm. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams believes after this interview, the focus is on two issues related to the Duke and Duchess. He told Express.co.uk: "After the interview in The Cut, which has been so widely mocked but which is nonetheless clearly intended to be somewhat threatening to the Royal Family, the focus is on what the Sussexes actually want both from the Royal Family and for their future." Mr Fitzwilliams referred to the ending of the interview, where she was asked by journalist Allison P. Davis whether there is room for forgiveness between her, her own family and her royal in-laws. The Duchess said: "I think forgiveness is really important. "It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. "But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. "I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." Meghan also added: "I have a lot to say until I don’t. Do you like that? READ MORE: Royal Family: Meghan sparks US backlash for 'whining' about Firm "Sometimes, as they say, the silent part is still part of the song." Mr Fitzwilliams went on to speak about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's upcoming trip to Europe. He said: "The timing of the Sussexes charitable visits to Britain in early September is a puzzle. "They may not see any other members of the Royal Family, the press have plenty of ammunition to throw at them and their popularity in the polls is very low." Indeed, the rolling favourability tracked by polling organisation YouGov, which records how popular and famous the 15 most prominent adult members of the Royal Family are, suggests Meghan is the second-least popular royal among Britons, with only Prince Andrew performing worse than her. In the top-15 chart, for which data was last collected in the second quarter of the year, Prince Harry came in 11th, followed by his cousins Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. A few details of the Sussexes' trip across the Atlantic are already known. On September 5, Meghan and Harry will attend the One Young Summit in Manchester, where the Duchess will deliver a keynote speech before meeting, alongside her husband, with young leaders working for gender equality. On the following day, they will be in Germany to kick off the 12-month countdown to the next Invictus Games tournament, which will be in Dusseldorf in September next year. And on September 8, once again in the UK, Meghan and Harry will attend the WellChild Awards, hosted by the Duke's patronage supporting children with severe or life-limiting illnesses and their families. Last month, it was claimed the Sussexes were not planning to meet Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, while in the UK. Their relationship with the Queen remained very good even after they stepped down as working royals in March 2020. However, with the monarch confirmed to be meeting outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson and the winner of the Tory Leadership contest at Balmoral Castle, it is not known whether Meghan and Harry will be able to travel north of the border. Following days of speculation on whether the Queen would return to London to ask either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak to form the new government, Buckingham Palace said on Wednesday that, for the first time in her reign, the monarch would appoint the next leader of the country at her Scottish residence rather than Buckingham Palace. Royal sources said the change of plan is to create certainty for the Prime Minister's travel arrangements and they want to avoid having to make a last-minute change of plan were the Queen to develop mobility issues, which she has been experiencing since last autumn.