Paul Crompton, 52, said his energy bills have recently increased slightly but are much less than everyone else's. His tips for saving money could help others who are looking for a more frugal lifestyle. As energy bills continue to go through the roof, some people could be attracted to a simpler and more affordable way of life. Paul Crompton has swapped his flat in the expensive city of Bath for a quaint little houseboat on the Kennet and Avon Canal. Not only has it saved him hundreds of pounds per month, but he has both the city and nature at his feet - and the freedom to move whenever he chooses. This winter he won’t have to worry about whether he can afford to switch the heating on either - as he’s worked out his monthly energy costs are just £62.50. READ MORE: Thousands petition for Carer’s Allowance to rise to £239 per week The boater’s energy bills are so low because he relies on wood, coal, a gas bottle, diesel heating and - of course - solar power to heat his houseboat. Paul, who originally comes from Watchet in Somerset, told Express.co.uk: ““Lots of people have been complaining to me about the price of their bills recently. “Mine have gone up a bit but not much, as most of the energy I use is from the sun.” The money he saves on rent and energy costs means he can go travelling - soon he’s off to stay in India for a month. DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] Another reason why bills are cheaper on houseboats is because they don’t usually have washing machines or energy draining appliances. This means that moving onto a houseboat comes with compromise - but if people can work around and find solutions then it could be just what they’re looking for. He said: “It’s a frugal way of living that is becoming more appealing to lots of people - the water is busier than ever. “Bath is very expensive for rent and house prices.” READ MORE: British Gas scam could drain your bank account - beware red flags He's not wrong, in 2021 flats in Bath sold for an average of £368,166 - whereas a nice looking houseboat can be purchased for £65,000. Renting is also much cheaper on water rather than land. A one bedroom flat could set someone back £1,495 a month in a city like Bath whereas it's possible to rent a houseboat for around £500. It’s not just the reduced cost of living that’s appealing - many boaters love the quieter pace of life that comes with living on a boat.   Paul added: “I’ve lived in London and Bath but I fell in love with the canal after a boating holiday. “What I love about boating is the countryside, the off grid living and the cosiness when the log fire is burning. “Before COVID-19 I took my home to London and lived there for a while - that’s what makes living on a houseboat unique. “In some ways it's a better way of life."