Home improvements can be seriously expensive, especially when it comes to the bathroom and kitchen, arguably the two most important rooms in the home. Many opt for professionals to fit new bathrooms and kitchens, which can cost thousands of pounds. Luckily, there are affordable changes homeowners can make to add value to their homes. Ian McConville, Group Procurement Director, MKM, told Express.co.uk: “Simple updates to your existing bathrooms and kitchens are also a great way to add value and make your home more appealing. “The easiest way to update a bathroom on budget is to change the taps, mirror and cabinets, as this changes the look completely. “For those refurbing on a budget, adding storage is also a good idea and there are some very cost effective modular furniture solutions available. “A lack of effective storage is often one of the biggest problems in UK bathrooms so adding some will increase both value and appeal.” READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Bathrooms are one of the most important rooms in the home, and can be a deciding factor for potential buyers. Like bathrooms, kitchens are equally as important for many people, as they act as a hub for families and couples. As well as preparing food, kitchens are for living, especially true if the space is open plan. The expert continued: “New appliances, worktops and a lick of paint on existing kitchen cabinets can give a kitchen a new lease of life. DON'T MISS:Bradley Walsh’s private life with Donna in quiet Essex town [INSIGHT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ way to wash bedding to avoid common laundry ‘mistakes’ [EXPERT] “If you are looking for a cost-effective way of updating your bathroom rather than a complete refit, think about money-saving upgrades such as choosing a framed enclosure, exposed shower rather than concealed, floor mounted sanitary ware rather than wall hung. “Always choose a bathroom suite rather than purchasing items separately to keep costs down.” Other cost-effective updates include painting a colourful ceiling, bringing houseplants into the room and adding colourful accessories. Ian added: “Finally, something that often isn’t taken into account when adding value to a property is the outside space, but having kerb appeal and an attractive, low maintenance garden can add as much as 10 percent to your home’s value. READ MORE: 8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick "Relaying a driveway with contemporary porcelain, for example, is sure to make a good first impression, increase kerb appeal and add value but if you can’t quite stretch to that, simple updates like jet washing gravel driveways and weeding block paving will create an appealing welcome to both visitors and prospective buyers. “Out the back, decking and patio areas are popular features and create an additional outdoor living space to relax and entertain in, whilst a summer house or garden building that can be used as an office or gym will certainly add value.” Another expert recommended cleaning “tired looking” paintwork. This included around front doors and skirting boards. Property expert, Jonathan Rolande, founder of House Buy Fast, said: “Don’t forget to do the same to window frames and clean the glass inside and out.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A fresh lick of paint can also be valuable, making a home appear maintained and fresh. In particular, Jonathan recommended tiles and kitchen units. He said: “They’ll look more modern but it can be tricky to do it professionally. “Consider replacing just the doors of a dated kitchen.” The expert also recommended emptying rooms of junk and unnecessary furnishings. This will help to make the place look brighter and larger, perfect for those selling their homes.