There is much that Truss, wants to do to the country with which I agree. She wants to transform the country into a low-tax, lightly regulated, dynamic economy and reverse the tide of woke, political correctness that has blighted Britain for too long. Like Margaret Thatcher before her, Liz Truss is only going to realise those plans if she wins the next general election and have a full term to do so, and I have a feeling that her fate at the next general election will be sealed by the end of the month. Make no mistake, we are facing an energy bill catastrophe. Added to rising mortgages and food bills, many families right up the income scales will simply not be able to afford their energy bills this winter. We could see many businesses close too, with potentially hundreds of thousands of jobs lost. Mark my words, this crisis is just as acute as the Covid lockdowns. We can argue about the cause of this problem – the coronavirus lockdowns, the obsession with the greenest energy rather than the cheapest energy, and the Ukraine war all have played their part – but the plain fact is that the Government has to act and has to act big and fast. Taking action will cost a fortune – however not taking action will cost an even bigger fortune in the long run. Whatever the rhetoric during the leadership election, it is clear that the new prime minister has to freeze the unit cost of energy for all households and businesses until the end of March. Nothing else will come close to cutting the mustard. If it is Truss, and she fails do that, I fear she will never be forgiven and her fate at the next election will already be decided. If she does implement what I suggest, however, then she will win the next election and will have the opportunity to transform the country for the better.  Every year the Notting Hill Carnival is a festival of crime and this year was no different. One man murdered, dozens of police officers injured, a spate of sexual assaults, half a dozen stabbings and more than 200 arrests was this year’s tally... it is the same every year. We all know that if this wasn’t a Caribbean festival event, it would have been closed down years ago. Isn’t it about time political correctness was overruled by common sense?  To be fair, I have some sympathy with water companies in the south having to impose restrictions in order to preserve supplies. But for Yorkshire Water to do so is beyond the pale. As a Member of Parliament in the region I can assure you that in Yorkshire we are not short of rainfall over the course of a year – there are parts of my constituency that get flooded virtually every year. If we are going to have more prolonged periods of rainfall, and longer stretches of dry weather, then why is it beyond the brainpower of water companies to build more reservoirs? Seems obvious to me. 