Chelsea failed in a last-ditch attempt to sign Anthony Gordon after Everton turned down a late offer before the transfer deadline, according to reports. The Blues have been tracking the England Under-21 international for several weeks as Thomas Tuchel is keen to add another forward to his squad, despite the impending arrival of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. It is understood that there was a substantial gulf in the valuation of the player by the two clubs during negotiations. And there was no change to Everton’s stance as they rejected Chelsea’s latest offer that arrived on transfer deadline day, as reported by The Mirror. After opening the bidding with an offer of £40m, Chelsea have seen their increased offers rebuffed by their Premier League counterparts, with their latest bid understood to be around £60m. But the Toffees have stood firm on their stance of refusing to entertain offers for the highly-rated winger. READ MORE: Chelsea miss Gordon transfer deadline as Lampard denies deal Gordon has emerged as a top target for Tuchel in the final weeks of the transfer window, with the German tactician seemingly unsatisfied with his attacking options. The 21-year-old has scored two goals in five appearances this season to highlight his value to the Toffees as their key man. However, Everton boss Frank Lampard has been insistent that Gordon will remain at Goodison Park regardless of what offers they receive. Newcastle and Tottenham had shown their interest earlier in the window before moving on to other targets, but Chelsea have been bold in their attempts to lure him to Stamford Bridge. The big-spending Blues have already splashed out £260m on new signings this summer, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang’s impending arrival from Barcelona in an £11m deal plus Marcos Alonso likely to see the club break the world record for the highest gross transfer spend in a single transfer window. TRANSFER LATESTChelsea owner Boehly told to sign two players before transfer deadlineChelsea have four Gordon alternatives as £60m transfer under threatGordon told to avoid repeating Arsenal mistake amid Chelsea pursuit Despite their heavy expenditure, Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was prepared to splash the cash again to land Gordon due to Tuchel’s insistence. But it seems that a deal is dead in the water for now as Everton have made their position clear, with Gordon now set to stay until January. Tuchel had also targeted AC Milan forward Rafael Leao, who was named Serie A’s Most Valuable Player for 2021-22 after contributing to 19 goals last season. However, the Rossoneri have quoted his £126m (€150m) release clause and have no motive to sell their star man, especially so late in the transfer window. It means Tuchel may have to make do with the options at his disposal, with Aubameyang joining a much-changed strikeforce of Kai Havertz, Mason Mount, Raheem Sterling, Christian Pulisic, Hakim Ziyech and Armando Broja.