Vladimir Putin's frontline troops in the Kherson region are reported to have surrendered to Ukrainian troops with footage showing Russian soldiers waving white flags. Kyiv launched a push this week to take park Russian-occupied land in Kherson Oblast with bost sides claiming victories. The footage shows a vast trench network manned by Russian forces, reported to be near the village of Pravdyne. Zooming in the camera captures a group of Russian troops huddled on a berm appearing to wave white flags. Heavy fighting persists in the southern part of Ukraine including shellings in the Enerhodar district, near the Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant, Britain's defence ministry said on Friday. On September 1, Russia began its strategic military exercises in the east of the country, called the "Vostok" (East) exercises that will end on September 5. READ MORE: Ukraine TV host cries as boyfriend proposes from frontline While Russia has claimed that 50,000 troops will take part in the exercise, it is unlikely that more than 15,000 personnel will be involved this year, Britain's defence ministry said. Both sides have claimed battlefield successes in the new Ukrainian push to recapture territory in the south, although details have been scarce so far, with Ukrainian officials releasing little information about their advance. Ukraine's southern command spokesperson Natalia Humeniuk said on Friday Ukrainian troops had destroyed ammunition depots and pontoon bridges to hamper movement of Russian reserves. "Our successes are convincing and soon we will be able to disclose more information," she said. Moscow has denied reports of Ukrainian progress and said its troops had routed Ukrainian forces. Ukraine's general staff on Friday said Russian forces had shelled dozens of towns including Kharkiv in the north and Donetsk in the east. More than seven million people have fled Ukraine, thousands have been killed and cities have been reduced to rubble in what Kyiv and the West call Russia's unprovoked war of aggression. Moscow calls its actions a "special military operation" to rid Ukraine of nationalists and protect Russian-speaking communities. DON'T MISS Putin receives chilling warning on coup to seize nuclear weapons [INSIGHT]Putin faces revolt within Kremlin [REVEALED]Ukraine hits back with ‘intense action’ of UK weapons against Russia [INFO]  United Nations experts who crossed into Russian-held territory in Ukraine to assess the safety of Europe's biggest nuclear energy plant are seeking on Friday to assess physical damage to the facility, where both sides warn of possible disaster. An International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) inspection team braved intense shelling to reach the Zaporizhzhia power plant on Thursday. Russia and Ukraine say they fear a Chernobyl-like catastrophe due to shelling they blame on each other.