Crystal Palace have submitted a second bid for Peterborough star Ronnie Edwards, Express Sport understands. The 19-year-old has attracted plenty of interest this summer, with Chelsea keeping close tabs on the defender. After their second offer was rejected by League One side, Palace have submitted a bid of £4million for Edwards, which could rise to £8m if add-on clauses are met. The Selhurst Park outfit are long-term admirers of the teenage prospect and have stolen the advantage in the pursuit. Edwards is keen to make the move to the Selhurst Park outfit, though there is the possibility that Peterborough ask for the defender back on loan for the rest of the campaign given how late it is in the window. Chelsea have also registered their interest in the centre-back, though it is understood that they are yet to table an offer. Edwards made 34 appearances for The Posh last season, earning himself a call-up to the England under-19s due to his good form - despite the club’s relegation from the Championship. He went on to play a significant role in the Three Lions’ recent victory in the Under-19s Euros. Peterborough director of football Barry Fry spoke earlier this summer about Chelsea’s interest in Edwards, though did hint that there would be wider interest. He said: “I’ve had conversations with people at Chelsea who are in the know and who would be involved in any decision-making. “They came to watch [loanee] Lucas [Bergström], but they were taken by Ronnie. They certainly like him. Virtually the entire Premier League know about Ronnie [and] I have had big clubs asking to be kept informed if anyone does bid for Ronnie.” He then went on to reveal Peterborough’s stance in negotiations, regardless of who arrives with an offer. Fry continued: “Our position on Ronnie remains the same. It’s going to have to be a big bid to get him and we would try and make sure he was sent straight back to us.” It remains to be seen whether Palace’s second offer is accepted by The Posh, or if they push the bid back in hope of a higher bid – especially given their awareness of the wider interest. Chelsea will certainly be aware of the offer on the table from their Premier League rivals and they have already shown a willingness to invest in youth this summer regardless of the price, signing Carney Chukwuemeka and Cesare Casadei.