Tottenham have been forced to accept defeat in the race to sign Leeds United winger Daniel James, who is on his way to west London to join Fulham on loan until the end of the season, according to reports. James has been linked with a move away from Elland Road over the last few weeks and was said to have been identified as a target by Tottenham, with Antonio Conte still looking to improve his squad in advance of tonight's 11pm deadline. The north Londoners were said to have switched their focus to a last-gasp move for James and were previously reported to be closing in on a deal with Leeds to snap him up. However, the Welshman is now set to sign for Fulham on a temporary basis until the end of the campaign, according to the Evening Standard.It is said that Leeds have given James the all-clear to move on after reaching an agreement with Marseille to land winger Bamba Dieng on a permanent deal. The former is now making his way to the capital to undergo a medical at Fulham and put pen to paper, with the likes of Laywin Kurzawa and Willian also set to join the Cottagers before the summer window closes later today.James was a mainstay for Leeds over the course of the previous campaign but has only started two Premier League matches this season and has been linked with a potential move elsewhere for some time. He has managed to register four goals and five assists for the Whites since joining them from Manchester United last summer for a transfer fee in the region of £26.2million. JUST IN: Newcastle eyeing three deadline day transfers after 'putting in calls' Meanwhile, it seems as though Tottenham will be forced to look elsewhere in their efforts to strengthen their ranks before this evening's deadline passes after missing out on the signing of James. They have already welcomed eight new faces to the club since the end of last season but are still believed to be in the market for reinforcements and could decide to strike if a good opportunity presents itself over the next few hours.Tottenham recently completed a permanent move for defender Cristian Romero, with Ivan Perisic, Fraser Forster, Yves Bissouma, Richarlison, Clement Lenglet, Djed Spence and Destiny Udogie also having joined their squad over the course of this summer. Although Conte is happy with the club's transfer business over the last few months, he recently insisted that it will take at least another two windows to reach the heights of Manchester City and Liverpool in the upper echelons of the Premier League. "If you compare to last season, we are more complete," Conte told reporters earlier this month. “But to reach other teams at the top level we need time, patience and transfer markets, at least two transfer markets to reach the same level."I spoke with the club, I spoke with [Fabio] Paratici, with Daniel Levy, I said to them my opinion. But as you know very well, the most important thing is for the club to know my opinion. If we do something or not, it’s okay." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here