The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge decided to move to Windsor this summer for the children to begin at Lambrook school. Not only will the royals be a 10-minute walk from the Queen’s offices at Windsor Castle, the family will also be much closer to Carole and Michael Middleton. The Cambridge family are swapping Kensington Palace for Adelaide Cottage in Windsor to begin a new chapter in more rural surroundings, giving them more privacy. Both Carole and Michael also live in Berkshire and famously have a strong bond with their three grandchildren. Speaking about the move, the Daily Mail reported: “It is surely no coincidence that Lambrook is only 30 miles from the children’s grandparents, Michael and Carole Middleton, who will doubtless have been consulted. “That Kate might see her mother as a key feature as she maps out the education path of her own brood would come as no surprise.” The Duchess is passionate about outdoor play and learning as a different aspect of childhood development from academic studies and indoor games. Kate is also an advocate of the Montessori Method and the children’s new school will support that educational system. One of the benefits to the Windsor move is that the children will be able to play outdoors much more with more privacy than they had at Kensington Palace. Much like the Duke and Duchess, Carole and Michael are fans of the outdoors, and Carole has spoken about the outdoor activities she does with her grandchildren. READ MORE: Migrants deported days after arriving in the UK Speaking to Saga magazine last year, Carole said: “It’s important for children to grow up appreciating nature and part of that is allowing them to get a bit muddy.” She added: “If I’m doing planting with my grandchildren, I like to have it all laid out at ‘activity stations’ with their own little trowel and pot so they can get started immediately.” Kate has praised her parents for their help and closeness with her children as she described them as “hugely dedicated” parents and grandparent. DON'T MISS: Russia loses second ammunition depot in 24 hours amid Ukraine attack (INSIGHT)Diner disgusted as he receives £40 bill for just two coffees (REACTION)Starmer favourite for PM over Tory candidates (POLL) Speaking to Giovanna Fletcher on her podcast ‘Happy Mum, Happy Baby’ in 2020, the Duchess said: “I had a very happy childhood. It was great fun and I’m very lucky I come from a very strong family. “My parents were hugely dedicated. I really appreciate now as a parent how much they sacrificed for us. “They came to every sports match, they’d be the ones on the side line shouting, and we’d always have our family holidays together.”