Chelsea are still hoping to agree a deal to sign Arsen Zakharyan outside the transfer window despite being hindered by legal obstacles that prevented the club from sealing the transfer before the September 1 deadline. According to reports, the Blues remain keen on adding the Dynamo Moscow starlet to their ranks and could arrange the move to go through in January. Zakharyan has been scouted for some time by Chelsea and the club have made it clear they are willing to pay his £12.6m (€15m) release clause in full, having already submitted an offer to Dynamo last week. However, Russia are still under sanctions from the UK government amid the ongoing invasion of Ukraine, which prevents institutions and organisations in the country from receiving funds. As such, Chelsea have been unable to push through the paperwork in time before the transfer deadline. According to 90Min, they are willing to continue discussions with the Russian Premier League side which would see Zakharyan head to England in January. The 19-year-old is viewed as a huge talent for the future and the west London club are keen to wrap up a deal before other European clubs show their interest. READ MORE: Chelsea have another deadline day 'priority' once Aubameyang deal done The player's agent, Rafaela Pimenta, refused to rule out finding an agreement before January. She told Russian outlet Sport Express: "Today it is impossible to close Zakharyan's transfer in the summer transfer window. This transfer is not frozen until winter, but it is possible. Now we are still working to ensure that Dynamo can get money from Chelsea." In addition to Pimenta's comments, Dynamo released a statement appearing to confirm that Zakharyan would remain with the Russian club until January, although it is understood terms have been verbally agreed on a future deal. It read: ”On August 25, Dynamo received an offer from Chelsea regarding a transfer. “However, due to a number of technical reasons beyond our control, it is impossible to transfer the player. It was decided that Arsene would continue to play for Dynamo." DON'T MISSChelsea 'in talks' to sign Juventus ace ZakariaChelsea see 'last-minute Gordon bid rejected' by EvertonChelsea draw up Gvardiol transfer plan after bid rejected by Leipzig The playmaker, who scored seven goals and registered six assists in the Russian Premier League last season, is seen as a prospect for the future rather than the present despite featuring regularly at first-team level for his club. He will be eased into life as a Premier League player, where the intensity of the league can often prove to be daunting for players in lower-quality leagues. It is expected he will spend some time playing for the Under-23 development squad before being assessed for the first team. Chelsea have already splashed out over £40m on bolstering their pool of youth talent, with Carney Chukwumueka, Cesare Casadei and Omari Hutchinson just some of the talented youngsters linking up to join Neil Bath’s youth revolution at Cobham.