Season six of Peaky Blinders finished the hit drama with a bang earlier this year, but the story of Tommy Shelby (played by Cillian Murphy) is far from over. He’s eventually set to return on the big screen in a feature film finale for the successful BBC crime series, but could some of his old gang members also be coming back to the fold? Actor Daryl McCormack is enthusiastic about the idea of returning as Isaiah Jesus in the upcoming Peaky Blinders film. Express.co.uk recently caught up with the star at the premiere of Apple TV+’s new black comedy, Bad Sisters. Daryl portrays insurance man Matthew Claffin opposite his Peaky co-star Brian Gleeson, but he is arguably still best known for his misadventures with Tommy and his brother Finn (Harry Kirton). “I got to be part of the last two seasons of a very iconic show and I feel so grateful I got to play my part,” he told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash Taking over from Jordan Bolger in season five, Daryl’s Isaiah played a major role during the final stretch of the Peaky Blinders’ gang war in post-WWI Birmingham. He remains loyal to the gang when Tommy’s sister Ada (Sophie Rundle) steps in, aiding in a union dispute in Liverpool during season six. Isaiah remained alive by the end of the final season, even bringing his cousins in as new recruits. There’s a strong chance Isaiah will be reuniting with Tommy on the big screen, though a complete cast list hasn’t been confirmed just yet. When asked if he’d be coming back for the Peaky Blinders film, Daryl admitted: “Who knows? “I know Steven Knight is always cooking something up, so only the future will tell what happens.” “That’s the thing, that’s what he’s planning,” he added when pressed further about showrunner Steven’s plans. “I know there’s something happening, but you’ll probably be the first to know!” Season six was confirmed to be the show’s last, and seemingly wrapped up the story in April of this year. DON'T MISS:The Capture star teases complex relationship with DI Carey [EXCLUSIVE]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [INTERVIEW]Bad Sisters’ Sarah Greene details ‘biggest challenge’ of the series [INSIGHT] However, Steven was quick to clarify Tommy would be returning, with a feature-length finale taking the place of a seventh season due to the show being heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Lead actor Cillian is also set to appear in Christopher Nolan’s hugely anticipated new biopic Oppenheimer, which may have further impacted his commitment to the long-running series. On where his plans for Peaky Blinders currently stand, Steven’s latest update came during a recent interview on the Heart Breakfast show. “Yes, I’m writing it right now,” he said of the upcoming film. “I’m nearly done writing it, and we’re going to shoot it… I’m setting up some film and television studios in Digbeth in Birmingham.” When asked about returning characters, he replied: “Of course, and some new faces that will hopefully be quite surprising.” A release date has yet to be confirmed for the Peaky Blinders film, but hopefully more updates will be coming from Steven Knight soon. Peaky Blinders seasons 1-6 are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.