TSB Savings Pots serve as a handy means for customers to put money aside for specific events and activities, gaining interest along the way. Customers who have a Spend and Save or Spend and Save Plus account can open a pot with as little as £1, and savers can have up to five of them with a balance limit of £5,000 each. As of September 2, TSB has increased the interest rate paid on the instant access Savings Pots in an effort to give customers' savings a “boost”. To get the higher interest rate, new and existing customers with a Spend and Save or Spend and Save Plus current account need to open a new Savings Pot, as the rate will only apply to pots opened on or after September 2. Those with existing Savings Pots can transfer existing savings into a new pot. The interest rate has been hiked from 1.25 percent to 1.52 percent for up to £25,000 of savings.  READ MORE: Blow for Sainsbury's Bank customers with huge Nectar points change  This rate includes a fixed introductory bonus of 1.32 percent AER for the first 12 months. After 12 months, the variable rate without bonus will apply to the pot. Interest is calculated daily and paid to customers monthly. New customers can open a Spend and Save account online in minutes by downloading the TSB app, but customers must be over 18 and a UK resident to do so. The Spend and Save accounts offer a number of additional features to account holders, including a £5 a month cashback for a six month period if they make 30 debit card payments that month.  Spend and Save Plus also offers the same cashback scheme - but this account isn’t limited to six months. Spend and Save accounts also offer an auto-balancer, which allows customers to choose a minimum balance limit on savings accounts. If the balance falls below the level set, it will automatically move money from a chosen Savings Pot to top it up, as long as there’s enough money in there. The account also boasts a helpful “Save the Pennies” feature, where customers can arrange to have debit card transitions rounded up to the nearest pound for the ‘change’ to go straight into a Savings Pot.  DON'T MISSfirst direct increases interest rates on wide range of accounts [INSIGHT]Best stocks and shares ISAs: Top 10 accounts compared [INSIGHT]Universal Credit: 30 things you could get for free in September [EXPLAINED]    The Spend and Save Plus accounts cost £3 a month to maintain but offer a number of additional benefits. These include features allowing customers to use their Spend and Save Plus debit card abroad free of TSB charges and a £100 interest-free arrange overdraft for short-term borrowing. High street bank interest rates have seen a steady incline over the year in line with the Bank of England's increasing base interest rates, which have been hiked to stem spiralling inflation rates in the UK.  BoE interest rates were raised to 1.75 percent in August, but this is only expected to increase. Forecasts from the market predict base rates will finish the year above three percent and could peak at close to 4.1 percent in June 2023. As these rates influence the rates offered by high street banks, Britons can expect to see more competitive rates over the coming months. 