Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher has told Jurgen Klopp to start Darwin Nunez in this Saturday’s Merseyside derby against Everton. The £64million man is available for the first time in three matches following his suspension for his stupid red card against Crystal Palace and the Sky Sports pundit has called for him to be pitched straight back into the starting eleven. Nunez initially made a positive start to his career scoring in his first two competitive performances against Manchester City in the Community Shield and then Fulham in the Premier League. However, he undid much of his good work in his first start against Palace at Anfield, getting himself needlessly sent off after tangling with Joachim Andersen. Long-serving forward Roberto Firmino has come into the side as his replacement and the Brazilian has performed well, scoring twice and assisting three more. The Uruguayan hence faces a tough task to dislodge the forward given his form. However, iconic centre-back Carragher has called for Klopp to drop the Brazil international and choose Nunez instead, citing the 23-year-old’s ability to freshen things up. Responding on Twitter to an article discussing the German’s impending decision over the Uruguay international the Sky Sports pundit wrote: “Start him! Firmino has been great the last two games, but three games in a week won’t be easy for him. Nunez has been training & it’s one of the few areas we can freshen up with the quick turnaround.” READ MORE: Liverpool failed with 'late move' for Luiz after Arsenal bid rejected Klopp has confirmed that Nunez will be back in the squad for the derby, with the former Borussia Dortmund manager joking about the striker’s disciplinary record. “He is really happy to be back,” the 55-year-old told reporters in his pre-match press conference. “Always I give him a high five but I gave him a slap on the neck so he remembers! His English hasn't improved that much in 15 days, though.” Nunez could also be joined by Diogo Jota for the first time in his Liverpool career with the Reds gaffer confirming the Portugal international would be involved in the squad for the first time this season. DON'T MISSLiverpool signing £30m deadline day target impossible after late moveFive craziest deadline day deals including Man Utd and Liverpool movesLiverpool's Caicedo transfer would be bad news for four players “Diogo probably will be in as well, he trained yesterday with the team first time. He will train today,” said the Liverpool boss. “I have to make a decision, does it make sense that we involve him already or not? But if, it is the first time we have five attackers – sounds like Christmas!” It remains to be seen whether or not Klopp will heed Carragher’s advice and pitch Nunez straight back in for Saturday’s fixture or whether he will look to improve the striker’s discipline by leaving him on the bench.  