Manchester United now have less than 24 hours to add to their squad by the time the transfer window slams shut at 11pm tonight. Erik ten Hag has brought in five players so far and, while he’s insisted he isn’t expecting any more incomings, he also suggested the Red Devils could still try and do some late business. Sergino Dest and Cody Gakpo would love to move to Old Trafford, but there’s no indication the pair will get their wish. Manchester United have signed five players so far. Tyrell Malacia was the first to arrive, with Lisandro Martinez and Christian Eriksen then signing on the dotted line in the weeks that followed. United then proceeded to land Casemiro from Real Madrid, dropping their interest in Frenkie de Jong in favour of sealing a £60million deal. And they recently landed Antony from Ajax, forking out a massive £84m to bring the Brazil international to Old Trafford. Dubravka is set to become their sixth signing of the window after the Slovakia international underwent a medical at Carrington on Wednesday. And, according to Ten Hag, United’s business is done for the summer. The 52-year-old said: “I think so, for this window it will be the end. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron will stay in. This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” For two transfer targets at Old Trafford, that means disappointment. It was reported on Tuesday that Dest had informed Barcelona that he wanted to join the Red Devils and reunite with Ten Hag - who he previously played under at Ajax. Yet with the 52-year-old expressing a belief that Aaron Wan-Bissaka will stay, the USA international is heading for disappointment. United, by keeping hold of Wan-Bissaka, are effectively ruling out a move for Dest. DON’T MISS:What Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him  And it’s even been suggested that Ten Hag has informed his old right-back of the club’s intentions - and lack of them. Another player who has been hoping to join United is PSV Eindhoven winger Gakpo, who scored 12 goals and registered 12 assists in the Eredivisie last term. Ten Hag had been eyeing the veteran as a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, should the Portugal international end up leaving Old Trafford behind. However, with Ronaldo set to stay, Gakpo is now unlikely to make the move to Manchester before tonight’s deadline. Sky Sports presenter Rob Dorsett recently revealed the 23-year-old was ‘disappointed’ with United’s decision to land Antony instead of himself. “Gakpo keen on move to Premier League, and was disappointed when #mufc withdrew interest to focus on Antony,” he said. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Now, it seems far likelier the forward will end up moving to another Premier League team instead - with Southampton leading the charge. Meanwhile, speaking ahead of United’s deadline day showdown with Leicester on Thursday, Ten Hag confirmed Ronaldo would be staying. “From the start, we said we planned with him,” said Ten Hag. “We're happy with him, he’s happy to be here and we want to make the season a success together.” On whether they’d had internal discussions, he added: “Several times, yes. We're all on one page. “The way of playing sets the demands. You can see in training that it's clear that he has the capabilities. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He will fit in because - I don’t have to explain. He's such a great player. He will fit in every system or every style.” And, when asked if Ronaldo was able to operate in his system, he added: “Yes, that's clear. “That’s why we are talking, I said we are on one page. He knows what the demands are.” United will be hoping to avoid a repeat of what happened when they locked horns with Leicester in the same fixture last season. The Red Devils lost 4-2 at the King Power Stadium, with Marcus Rashford and Mason Greenwood only able to net consolations. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here