As stated on their official website, it was decided that, as of Spring 2020, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry would no longer use their HRH titles due to stepping down as senior working royals. However, two years on from their departure, the couple, particularly Meghan, notably use their given titles during their work outside of The Firm. Speaking on Palace Confidential, historian Dr Tessa Dunlop described Meghan as a "savvy businesswoman" for "clinging on" to the royal title. After being asked about Meghan "clinging on" to the Duchess of Sussex title, Dr Dunlop said: "I think she's a savvy businesswoman. "She understands that the Americans love a bit of royal, you know, scaffolding and she's taken a bit of that scaffolding, and can you blame her." Host Jo Elvin described it as taking "from the institution that she can't stand." Dr Dunlop replied: "From the institution that she's working through her pain with. READ MORE: Should Meghan and Harry lose their titles? Here’s how YOU voted in blistering poll "She's still got pain there." Also speaking, about Meghan, on the episode was the Mail on Sunday's editor-at-large, Charlotte Griffiths. Ms Griffiths said: "You know, The Cut, posted on Twitter saying Meghan of Montecito has done an interview and then, about 20 minutes later, deleted it and reposted as Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex. "So I think, somebody picked up the phone and said 'you missed out the most important bit of my name, thank you very much'". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan Prince Harry and Meghan made the decision to step away from royal duties in 2020 to become financially independent and pursue other projects. They announced their decision via their official Instagram account, @sussexroyal, in January 2020. In their official statement, the couple wrote that they wanted to "carve out a progressive new role" and declared to "work to become financially independent". DON'T MISS Shortly after the decision was announced, Buckingham Palace released a statement regarding the couple and their titles. The statement read: "The Sussexes will not use their HRH titles as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family." It read that the couple would "continue to maintain their private patronages and associations" and made it clear that "everything they do will continue to uphold the values of Her Majesty". The statement also expressed the couple's gratitude to the Queen and the Royal Family for their "ongoing support as they embark on the next chapter of their lives". READ NEXT: