Chelsea owner Todd Boehly was left 'thrilled' by the deadline-day arrivals of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Denis Zakaria after the Blues left it late to add the finishing touches to their squad on Thursday night. They were the Premier League's biggest spenders over the course of the summer transfer window, with their final two signings bringing their total outlay up to a world-record figure of £251million. The likes of Wesley Fofana, Raheem Sterling and Marc Cucurella were all signed for fees in excess of £50m, with Chelsea having brought in a total of eight new faces since the end of last season. Aubameyang and Zakaria went on to officially join the west Londoners in the hours after Thursday's 11pm deadline to wrap up a hugely productive window for Boehly, who was left delighted by the club's last-minute business."Pierre-Emerick is an elite striker with a proven track record in the Premier League and his arrival strengthens our squad, giving us new attacking options," Boehly told Chelsea's official website after Aubayemang's permanent move was confirmed."We are thrilled to have Pierre-Emerick on board with us in the new era at Chelsea and we’re really looking forward to working with him." JUST IN: Man Utd might've made greatest mistake with Erling Haaland miss On Zakaria, Boehly added: "Denis is a talented midfielder with lots of quality and skill. He will add depth and range to our squad this season, and we are looking forward to watching him play in Chelsea blue."Aubameyang was snapped up at the eleventh hour on a permanent basis from Barcelona, with Marcos Alonso going the other way in a part-exchange deal for the Gabon international striker. Chelsea also paid a relatively small fee of around £10m in order to land Aubameyang, who has signed an initial two-year deal at Stamford Bridge. Zakaria, meanwhile, went on to become Chelsea's final addition of the summer by moving to the Blues on a season-long loan from Juventus, the club at which he has struggled to make the grade since joining them from Borussia Monchengladbach back in January. He will be hoping to impress in the middle of the park at Chelsea from the word go, with N'Golo Kante sidelined through injury and Mateo Kovacic only half-fit as things stand.Chelsea also managed to land Kalidou Koulibaly, Carney Chukwuemeka and Gabriel Slonina over the course of the summer window to cap off their large-scale recruitment drive after losing a number of key players following the end of last season. They will now be looking to justify their big-spending habits by securing a top-four finish in the Premier League ahead of the likes of Arsenal and Tottenham while challenging their European rivals in the Champions League for the rest of the campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here