The inquiry was set up in the wake of claims that parties took place at Number 10 during lockdown. Mr Johnson told MPs that the rules were followed at all times, but accepted that he was wrong once the police came to a different conclusion. It was initially thought the Committee would examine whether the outgoing Prime Minister deliberately misled MPs, which he denies. If so then he could be punished with suspension from the House of Commons. However, the Privileges Committee has decided that he could be guilty even if he really did make an honest mistake. Lord Pannick, a senior QC and no supporter of Mr Johnson, has now endorsed concerns voiced by a number of Tory MPs. Penalising government ministers for making a genuine error, even if they admit their mistake and apologise, will make it impossible for them to say anything in Parliament without first running every dot and comma past lawyers. This would, of course, apply to any future Labour government too. This vindictive inquiry should be abandoned now.  Sarah Hayton buys DIY dental kits from Amazon and carries out her own fillings in her Halifax home. She is forced to do this because she has severe toothache but is unable to register with an NHS dentist. Like so many people, she cannot afford to pay for private dental care. It sounds remarkable, but she is not alone. Increasing numbers of desperate patients are carrying out their own dental treatment, according to industry experts. A bad tooth can cause agonising pain and lead to long-term complications if left untreated. This is a real health crisis. The lack of NHS dentists has been blamed on a row over contracts which has been allowed to drag on for far too long. It must be resolved to ensure treatment becomes available to those who need it.  Veteran broadcaster Bill Turnbull was still making his family laugh in the final days of his life. Friends and colleagues are distraught at his loss but it is clear from their comments that they have happy memories of the times they spent with him. Former BBC Breakfast TV viewers may not have known him personally, but many will feel the same way. Rest in peace, Bill. 