WARNING: The following article contains spoilers from House of the Dragon episode two. The Crabfeeder made his first appearance in The Rogue Prince with viewers watching him nail a victim to a piece of wood and leaving them to be eaten by crabs. The House of the Dragon villain serves the Triarchy, also known as the Three Daughters, an alliance between Lys, Myr and Tyrosh. But who plays the Crabfeeder? Express.co.uk has everything you need to know. Daniel Scott-Smith stars as the mysterious new villain in House of the Dragon. Viewers can’t make out much of Daniel’s appearance due to the grey-scale like infliction on the Crabfeeder’s skin and a gold mask. Daniel has been in a few other projects prior to House of the Dragon. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife In 2017 he starred as Harris in short film, Ye Who Enter Here, and a bartender in Men in Black: International in 2019. Daniel can next be seen in the third episode of the Game of Thrones spin-off, Second of His Name. He will also star as Officer Phillips in 2022 TV series Jungle. Daniel is represented by Byron’s Management, who praised his performance in House of the Dragon. The Crabfeeder is also known as Admiral Craghas Drahar, and is a Myrish Prince. He and his army have taken over the Stepstones, a group of islands in the Narrow Sea, which is a route used for trade between Essos and Westeros. Initially, the Crabfeeder captured pirates and left them to be eaten by crabs on the beaches. DON'T MISS...Velaryon House: Who is in House Velaryon? [CAST]House of the Dragon spoilers: How does Viserys die?  [EXPLAINER]Stark Family tree: How is Rickon in House of the Dragon related Sansa? [EXPLAINER] As payment, the lords of Westeros were happy to give the Crabfeeder a fee to protect their seas. However, over time he became greedy and demanded more money and those on Lys have even been accused of kidnapping women and children to be sold as prostitutes. Fed up with the Crabfeeder, Lord Coryls Velaryon (played by Steve Toussaint) begged King Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine) to launch an attack. But the King refused and Lord Corlys instead turned his attention to convincing Daemon Targaryen (Matt Smith) to take on the Crabfeeder. A trailer for the third episode show the pair will launch a full-scale attack on the Crabfeeder but the outcome is yet to be revealed. Fans of George R.R. Martin’s novels will know that after years of battles, Daemon takes on the villain in single combat and defeats him. Deamon is then declared King of the Stepstones but it’s yet to be confirmed if the HBO series will follow the same plot line. House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and streams on NOW