Cristiano Ronaldo still has an offer to leave Manchester United on the table from a club in Saudi Arabia, according to reports. The Red Devils have long insisted their talisman won’t be going anywhere before tonight’s 11pm transfer deadline. And that was something Erik ten Hag repeated on Friday, ahead of his side’s Premier League showdown with Leicester. Manchester United were rocked earlier in the summer when Ronaldo informed them he wanted out, just a year after arriving from Juventus. The Portugal international is afraid of playing in the Europa League this term, especially after so many years of shining in the Champions League. According to The Athletic, Ronaldo still has an offer on the table to leave United behind. It’s from an unnamed Saudi Arabian side, who made it earlier in the summer. Yet the veteran doesn’t want to play in the Middle East and, now, is primed to stay put until January at the earliest. It’s been a difficult start to the season for Ronaldo, who has found himself benched for three of his side’s opening four Premier League matches. The only match he has started was the 4-0 defeat to Brentford, where he was hooked before the final whistle. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Ronaldo is yet to score or assist in any of his outings so far and seems to be behind Marcus Rashford when it comes to playing at the tip of Ten Hag’s attack. However, his manager said on Friday that he’s delighted the 37-year-old will likely be staying put - insisting they’re both aiming to achieve success together. "Several times, yes,” he said when asked if he’d spoken to the former Juventus and Real Madrid star. “We are on the same page. [He is happy to stay] otherwise he wouldn't be here.” And when asked if United’s summer spending was a clear sign of the club’s ambitions, he added: "It's a signal, yes, but all the big clubs in the Premier League have spent a lot, so it's the market. "From the start we said we planned with him [Ronaldo], we are happy with him, he's happy to be here, and we want to make the season a success together. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him "It's clear we have strengthened the squad. As a manager you always want more, and what I demand from my players I have to show as well. “I always want to maximise, but at a certain point you have to be satisfied with what is there. "Then it is also about development of the team, of the individuals, to get the team stronger and more consistent, to bring more quality. “That is what we have to work for now, me together with my coaches and the togetherness with the team." Other teams to have been linked with Ronaldo include Atletico Madrid, Napoli and Borussia Dortmund. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Yet he’s now poised to play a big part for United this season, even if he won’t be starting every game. Last term, Ronaldo scored more goals than any player for the Red Devils - managing 24 across all competitions, and 18 in the Premier League. But despite his goalscoring instincts being as sharp as ever, Dutch manager Bert Van Marwijk feels the club would be wise to offload the veteran. Speaking recently, he said: “A player like Ronaldo often has a suffocating effect on a team. “Other players would have been looking at him when he joined the group after a few weeks of missing pre-season. They are curious how the new coach will react to Ronaldo's presence. Believe me, players talk to each other and watch what a coach does with such a player. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “When the coach makes hard decisions, it works liberating for the group. “It's hard to say goodbye to such great stars. I only know one coach in the world who didn't care what the fans thought. That was Sir Alex Ferguson. “Look what Ferguson did with David Beckham at Manchester United. Beckham was the most popular footballer in all of Britain, but one day he just sent him away. “Most coaches struggle with unpopular decisions, but Ferguson never did. He later sent Ruud van Nistelrooy and Jaap Stam, too. “I look at the situation of Ronaldo in the United team and it reminds me of what happened with Beckham.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here