Arsenal fan Piers Morgan and Manchester United icon Gary Neville have agreed to a £1,000 charity bet on the outcome of Sunday’s clash between the two sides. The pair enjoyed a back-and-forth on Twitter regarding the Gunners’ title aspirations as they sit top of the Premier League table, culminating in the wager being made. Morgan urged Mikel Arteta’s side to move for West Ham and England star Declan Rice this summer after five wins from five games to start the season. “If we want to challenge for the title, Arsenal should break the bank for @_DeclanRice,” Morgan tweeted. “Go big or go home..” Neville was quick to reply and quash claims that Arsenal can challenge for the title this season, having finished 24 points behind champions Manchester City this season. “You’ll get done at Old Trafford Sunday!” Neville wrote. “Forget the title.” Morgan then offered a wager between the two, while aiming a Prison Break jibe at the former United defender: “Fancy a £1000 bet to charity on that, T-Bag?” Neville accepted by replying “Yep!”, Morgan stated that a draw would result in each of them giving away £500. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace The tweet prompting the exchange saw Morgan tell Arsenal to make a move for Rice this summer, after injuries to midfielders Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny. The Gunners have been linked with Aston Villa’s Douglas Luiz and have reportedly had an opening bid rejected on deadline day. The Brazilian has just one year left on his contract and Villa boss Steven Gerrard has admitted he may lose Luiz this summer. “We are not in a position where we need to lose our top players but at the same time Douglas has a year to go,” Gerrard said after his side’s 2-1 defeat to Arsenal on Wednesday. “It is one of those really touchy situations where the club has to do what is best for the club, not necessarily what is best for me.” DON'T MISS:Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline dayRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision as Arsenal make late approachTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm Despite Morgan urging the Gunners to sign Rice before Thursday’s 11.00pm deadline, West Ham boss David Moyes has previously claimed that the 23-year-old would cost a minimum of £150m despite having turned down a new contract at the club. “The first thing to say is that he is not for sale," Moyes in April. "If you are interested, well, it will be north of that because £100million was cheap last summer. £150million just now would be minimum but he is not for sale. What I do know is that it means there are only certain clubs that could even consider it. "I look at what Tottenham did with Harry Kane albeit in a different way. They said 'No, there is a price and if someone wants to pay the price, then we would probably do it. If they don’t then he's not going anywhere', that’s it, they have kept him.” Click here to buy the new Man Utd home shirt