The Cambridges are in the middle of their move to Adelaide Cottage which resides on the Queen's Windsor Estate where she has taken full time residency. The four-bed cottage allows the family to regularly visit the 96-year-old monarch at Windsor Castle. And one expert has said the move will allow for Prince William to "follow" in her grandmother's footsteps as he prepares for his eventual ascension to the throne.  The Duke of Cambridge is third in line to the throne, with his father Prince Charles taking the second spot. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "The 96-year-old is the personification of devotion to duty and it is her style William has said he will follow when he ascends the throne." Despite her sporadic mobility issues, the Queen is still continuing with her duties from afar. It was announced Her Majesty will accept the new Prime Minister at her estate in Balmoral where she is currently residing for the summer.  And she still managed to make an appearance during her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, appearing on the palace balcony briefly during the Trooping the Colour display. The Cambridges move will allow the family to spend more time with the Queen, as well as other royal households who live nearby. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "The Queen now resides at Windsor and it makes sense for William and Catherine, the future king and Queen Consort, to be resident nearby. "She will also be able to see a good deal of her great-grandchildren once they are close."  READ MORE: US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven, will be starting at Lambrook School in Berkshire this month as part of the move from Kensington Palace. Some have called the move "strategic" as Prince William further cements his right to the British throne by moving closer to the Queen. Body language expert Darren Stanton told Entertainment Daily: "[The move is] significant and strategic and one that is consistent with the core values and beliefs the royal couple have, as well as their characters. "Given that William is being given more and more royal duties and is due to take over the monarchy himself, it makes sense for him to be within close proximity to Her Majesty, not only to work alongside her but to spend as much time as possible around her."  DON'T MISS:'Festival of Brexit' FARCE: £120m project falls flat [COMMENT]Submarine officer sues MoD over objection to nuclear weapons [INSIGHT]UK driver warning about £5,000 fine for taking pet in car [PICTURES] The family of five will become neighbours with Prince Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson who live at Royal Lodge. The Wessexes are also a short drive away, with the family living at Bagshot Park. And the Duchess of Cambridge will be able to see much more of her parents who also reside in Berkshire. 