Chelsea target Edson Alvarez is said to have 'reacted angrily' after being told by Ajax manager Alfred Schreuder that he will not be allowed to leave the club before Thursday's transfer deadline. The Mexican midfielder is understood to have refused to train with the Eredivisie champions after seeing them reject a £43million bid from the Blues. Having allowed a whole host of first-team players - including Lisandro Martinez and Antony - to depart already this summer, Ajax have made clear their stance that they will not sanction any further sales this summer. However, the Dutch giants now face a predicament after rejecting a mega-money offer for Alvarez from Chelsea on Wednesday. According to journalist Jonathan Shrager, Alvarez 'reacted angrily' upon learning that Ajax would remain resolute in their not-for-sale stance via manager Schreuder. The 24-year-old then refused to train on Thursday morning in a bid to force through a desired move to Stamford Bridge. Despite confirming the deadline day signing of former Hoffenheim midfielder Florian Grillitsch, Ajax are thought to remain determined to retain the services of Alvarez, who only penned a new contract worth in excess of an annual £2m last season. Chelsea are understood to be offering the defensive midfielder, who can also operate at centre-back, £3m a year in west London. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal The Blues are expected to return for Alvarez once they have concluded a deal for Barcelona forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. The ex-Arsenal captain in scheduled to undergo his medical on Thursday afternoon after Chelsea struck a £10m agreement with the cash-strapped Catalan club, which will also see Marcus Alonso head the other way. Ajax boss Schreuder recently hit back at Alvarez's former Ajax team-mate Antony for adopting a similar approach to forcing through a transfer to Old Trafford. Appearing on Ziggo Sports programme Rondo, the 49-year-old branded the Brazilian's behaviour "weird" and slammed the winger's lack of professionalism after he went on strike. When probed over whether Antony could be fined for his conduct, Schreuder said: "Absolutely. I don't think it's good that it's possible within our club. If you're Ajax, it's just bad that this happens. I've talked about it with him. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach "If you're disappointed for a day or two, I understand, but at some point you're a professional. Then I said: 'I will continue with the guys who are there'. At a certain point you get angry about it, like… what are we doing? "Looking at the total picture, that frustrates you as a trainer, but also how you stand in the world. Then I think, 'you're just a player, you just have to do your thing'. But my personal feeling is that it's just bad."