Many loved the world of academia, got letters after their names which made them feel important, and a number returned to forces with heads full of largely irrelevant, pseudo-intellectual claptrap. Some, along with their lecturer chums, grew to regard all past policing practices as a bad thing. To convince their “right-on” government masters and the public they were politically correct modernisers, they changed the Metropolitan Police from a force to a service.  Me and many of my colleagues shook our heads at much of this pandering to trend and worried about the direction of travel. Recent events show we were right to harbour these concerns. These officers with degrees are now the desk-driving senior cops who run the show and it is on their watch that policing has descended into an embarrassing farce of face painting, dancing the Macarena, and no fewer than six police services placed into special measures. Meanwhile, violent crime is rising, detection rates for burglaries, robberies and thefts are plummeting, and thousands of victims do not have their crimes investigated. This refusal of the police to investigate crimes they sometimes insultingly call “low level” is an appalling neglect of their duty. Senior police will have you believe prancing and dancing is “community engagement”, and vital to their work. Utter drivel! The community the police should be engaging with is crime victims. When each and every police service starts doing this every time a crime is committed, public trust and confidence will begin to pick up. From what I see and hear on a daily basis, it’s at rock bottom now. Not only would officers record and investigate these crimes but they would become known within the neighbourhoods that they work. If they do their job properly they will knock on neighbours’ doors to see if they saw or heard anything suspicious.  They will ask neighbours to check CCTV or doorbell footage. They will become known locally, and hopefully liked and trusted. While many crimes will not be solved, the public will appreciate that at least the police tried, that they cared for victims, and the crime prevention advice officers dispense will most likely be taken on board. And no one will have to dance a single step. Police will tell you they do not have the resources to do this and it is true we need more officers. Boris Johnson’s pledge to recruit 20,000 cops has been partly successful, but with morale at a catastrophically low level, experienced officers are heading for the back door almost as quickly as they are shovelling newbies in the front. Pay freezes and the chopping away of pensions have had an adverse effect on retaining the best officers, but if the police get back to patrolling the streets and keeping them safe, investigating all crime and locking up bad people, the standing of officers in the public eye will soar and many more people will be proud to sign up. Any such officer would certainly be more respected than the plod from Hampshire Police seen in a widely-shared video as he arrested a man who “offended” someone on social media. Causing offence is not a crime. If it was, prisons would be full of comedians, writers, and other creatives, including me. It is little wonder victims are aghast when they see police wasting resources on this nonsense.  This week saw the Notting Hill Carnival sadly and oh-so-predictably descend into an orgy of violence. There was a murder, a number of stabbings, over 200 arrests were made and more than 70 police officers were injured. Is this a price people are willing to pay in return for hosting this “important cultural event”? I don’t think so and I was wracking my brain for solutions, when I came across a tweet from Chief Supt Rob Shepherd from the Met. He suggested the event move to nearby Hyde Park, is ticketed, and the organisers are given a bill for the policing. Sounds good to me. It is nearly two weeks since nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel was killed in her own home in Liverpool. No one has yet been charged with this appalling crime. In recent days, Merseyside Police announced more than 200 arrests for serious and organised crime. But why does it take such an appalling crime to prompt this level of activity? If the police can summon the resources to carry out all these arrests, why aren’t they doing this day in, day out?  *Peter Bleksley is an ex-undercover detective, author and broadcaster