It’s not a social experiment, but a real-life analysis of how effective photovoltaic solar panels, air source heat pumps and smart hot water tanks really are. Two identical carbon-negative semi-detached houses are for sale at the new Heathy Wood development near Crawley, West Sussex, which have been built alongside standard new-builds by innovative developers St Modwen Homes. The Worcestershire-based company is dedicated to net carbon reduction, by using sustainably-sourced materials such as low-carbon cement, and to boosting biodiversity by building on mainly brownfield sites. It’s confident that whoever buys these carbon-negative homes will be delighted with their tiny energy bills and with Friday’s [August 26] announcement that the UK’s energy price cap will go up again in October, that’s bound to be a major selling point. Originally designed as ordinary three-bedroom houses, the decision to upgrade them to Passivhaus standards was made 18 months ago. The Passivhaus standard was developed in Germany in the 1990s to create airtight, energy-efficient buildings with high levels of insulation, mechanical heat recovery ventilation and quality windows. “So much about Passivhaus is around the airtightness,” explains Chris Bailey St Modwen’s head of technical, “so we want to work out the real cost of it.” The company also wants to find out how much people are willing to pay for a three-bedroom house where the annual bill for heating, lighting, cooling and ventilation will be £181 a year at current prices, compared with £1,600 for a similar-sized 1980s house and £760 for a standard new-build. But whoever buys these two homes will have to allow their energy use to be monitored for 12 months – and St Modwen is hoping that they will agree to longer. “There are sensors in all the rooms so we can check how the houses are performing,” explains Chris. “We can look at the temperature inside and out, and assess how well the insulation is working." “We can monitor where the energy is being generated and stored, what it is being used for and that is going to give us lots of data to analyse for the next 12 months to use for our specifications over the next few years.” The houses have photovoltaic panels discreetly fixed into the roof to harness solar power and are connected to a battery in the attic. “The need to store energy is the most important lesson we have learned. If the battery is full the energy diverts to the water tank, which effectively becomes a thermal battery.” These smart water tanks heat only what you need, rather than the whole tank, and learns to anticipate when you need it. There’s also a waste water heat recovery unit that replaces a section of the soil pipe running from the bathroom. “If you have a shower the hot water going down the pipe pre-heats the water going into the shower so you need less energy to heat the shower water,” explains Chris. The houses are for sale at £507,995 (03301 289226; stmodwenhomes.co.uk) while standard three-bedroom semis on the site, with slightly different layouts, cost from £437,600. It’s a bit of a jump but the two semis are full of expensive money-saving kit. “These houses won’t be standard for us, we would price ourselves out of the market,” says Chris, “but we can establish what really works well and adopt these things for our standard specification.”