Tottenham Hotspur are considering their options over a late move to bolster Antonio Conte's attacking ranks in the final hours of the summer window. Spurs have been one of the Premier League's most active clubs this summer, and they might not be done before Thursday's 11pm transfer deadline. According to Sky Sports, Conte met with Tottenham sporting director Fabio Paratici on the morning of deadline day to consider their options in the transfer market. The north Londoners have been linked with Leeds United winger Daniel James, but a pursuit is considered unlikely. The Athletic report, James is closing in on a season-long loan move to Fulham just one year after joining Leeds from Manchester United in a £25million deal after falling down Jesse Marsch's pecking order. So Tottenham have diverted their search elsewhere, more specifically to France. Spurs are understood to have discussed AS Monaco forward Gelson Martins, valued at £13.5m on transfermarkt, who is keen to join a Premier League club. The 27-year-old, capable of playing on either wing, has been identified as someone who fits Conte's philosophy and could be the subject of a late approach. JUST IN: Tottenham miss out on Daniel James with Leeds ace 'set to join Fulham'  Conte currently has six first-team forwards at his disposal - Harry Kane, Son Heung-min, Dejan Kulusevski, Richarlison, Lucas Moura and Bryan Gil. The Italian head coach will deem that a perfect number, but Gil is awaiting a green light to complete a return to Valencia on loan. Spurs could be hoping to recruit more firepower to add to the quality of Conte's ranks but also to facilitate Gil's exit. It's claimed that while the north Londoners have also fielded some interest in Lucas Moura, they are not interested in letting him leave before the deadline. READ MORE: Arsenal miss out on Mykhaylo Mudryk deadline day transfer  Conte won't be too disappointed to miss out on a new recruit if nothing comes to fruition in the coming hours. His current options have proved more than adequate in the opening five Premier League games of the season, and it would mean Gil would remain within his ranks as a sixth option. As the clock ticks ever closer to 11pm, it's increasingly unlikely Tottenham fans will receive their eighth signing of the summer. But you can never rule anything out on deadline day, and Paratici has proven his ability to get deals done with a minimum of fuss. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here