Tottenham are supposedly suffering side-effects after missing out on Dan James with Bryan Gil's loan move to Valencia also thought to have collapsed. Spurs wanted to secure a temporary stint away from north London for Gil, who Antonio Conte does not see as a first-team regular at this stage in his development. Valencia boss Gennaru Gattuso was not shy about discussing the state of play regarding his side's swoop for Gil. At the weekend, he claimed that the loan arrangement was virtually done, but the club were waiting for Spurs to sign a replacement before it could go through. Gattuso may have felt confident that the Lilywhites would get what they need, with both Yannick Carrasco and James touted as options for Conte in the transfer market. However, Atletico Madrid politely informed Tottenham that the former is not for sale, and the latter is set to join Fulham on loan instead. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, that has left Gil's switch to Valencia dead in the water with the Spanish outfit poised to snap up Justin Kluivert. JUST IN: Piers Morgan and Gary Neville make £1,000 bet on Man Utd vs Arsenal after Twitter exchange Spurs fans are yet to see the best of Gil, who arrived in north London last summer with a solid reputation as a promising youngster in Spanish football. The Lilywhites had to part ways with Erik Lamela and £21.6million to convince Sevilla to do business, but the 21-year-old has only made 20 appearances since. Gil spent the second half of last season on loan at Valencia where another 17 goalless outings followed. Although his numbers still leave plenty to be desired, the Spanish outfit were evidently keen to have him back at the Mestalla due to the flashes of quality shown by the senior Spanish international. DON'T MISS:Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline dayRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision as Arsenal make late approachTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm Spurs got most of their business done early in the transfer window with Conte demanding a major squad reshuffle that would give him the tools to compete on multiple fronts. An unbeaten five-game stretch to start the new Premier League campaign suggests that the investment is already paying dividends, even if hope of deadline day changes appear to be slipping away. Aston Villa had reportedly expressed an interest in taking Lucas Moura off their hands but, having missed out on signing James and the opportunity to send Gil to Spain, it looks as though the Brazilian could stick around. Once the deadline passes, Conte could switch focus towards convincing Harry Kane to sign a new deal. "You know very well that you create the perfect time [for a contract extension] with a project," he told reporters. "If also the player understands that there is a right process, that everybody is going in the same direction, I think every single player wants to see this. "And I think that Harry for sure is happy because he is seeing this type of situation. There is a vision, there is a direction and there is a unity to try to improve the team and also to improve the team at the level of his expectations."