Samsung has just launched its new foldable Galaxy devices and Apple will unveil its next generation of iPhones at an event next week but that's not stopping Sony from announcing its latest and greatest Android-powered smartphone. The new Xperia 5 IV (that's mark 4 if you were wondering) has just been revealed at the IFA technology showcase in Berlin and it comes packed with plenty of updates which should improve the nightly binge on blockbuster movies and boxsets. Sony is promising that users will be treated to an improved 6.1-inch display that not only gets the unique 21:9 aspect ratio but is also now 50 percent brighter than before. This OLED panel gets a speedy 120Hz refresh rate and now offers real-time HDR support which should make content appear richer and packed with more detail. This is clearly a good screen for watching movies and Sony is continuing to offer free Hollywood films and unlimited streaming to anyone who buys this device. Along with that boost to the visuals, there are also plenty of other treats coming to the Xperia 5 IV including the powerful Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 processor from Qualcomm and a bigger 5,000mAh battery. This power boost should make sure owners get more than a day of usage without things running flat. The triple-lens camera has been boosted with all three lenses now offering Sony's clever Real-time Eye AF (Auto Focus) and Real-time tracking. This means the person or pet you are shooting always stays perfectly in focus. These lenses can also shoot 4K video at 120fps for the ultimate slow-mo. Those who love a selfie will find they can now snap a pin-sharp shot of their face in full 4K HDR thanks to the inclusion of a 12-megapixel front-facing camera. Other extras worth a mention include a tough design that's covered in Gorilla Glass Victus, a headphone port for those wired cans, side-mounted fingerprint scanner and full compatibility with Hi-Res audio. The Xperia 5 IV can be charged wirelessly plus there's the option to fast refill the battery although Sony doesn't supply a charger or USB-C cable in the box so you'll to add these accessories to your shopping basket to take advantage. There are also Sony's gaming features which offer 240Hz motion blur reduction along with easy access to PS Remote Play and Game Enhancer mode. If all that sounds exciting then there's good and bad news. Unlike most Sony Xperia launches - where fans are often left waiting months for the phone to go on sale - the new Xperia 5 will be available from next week.Those who pre-order will also be able to take advantage of an offer that includes a pair LinkBuds S, worth £179.99, for free. Sadly the Xperia 5 IV is not a cheap device with Sony asking a hefty £949 for the privilege of owning it. If that hasn't put you off, the Xperia 5 IV will go on sale in three colours including Green, Ecru White and Black.