Liverpool appear to have made it clear that Arthur Melo is only a stopgap signing and that Jude Bellingham remains their main focus for next summer. The Juventus midfielder is flying into England to complete a deadline day medical to join on loan for the season. The development comes after captain Jordan Henderson sustained a muscle injury in Liverpool's last-gasp 2-1 win over Newcastle at Anfield on Wednesday night. He joins Thiago Alcantara, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on the treatment table while Curtis Jones is only just fit again. Henderson's injury looks set to keep him out for at least a few weeks and in reaction the Reds have made a loan move for Arthur, the former Barcelona midfielder. Yet the season-long loan deal will not include an option to buy the Brazilian at the end of the season. And that would indicate Liverpool plan to use Arthur in a similar way they did Ozan Kabak in the second half of the 2020-21 season when they were decimated by centre-back injuries. The Turk made 13 appearances but did not join permanently from Schalke in the summer when long-term target Ibrahima Konate was purchased instead. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal It appears Liverpool are hoping for a repeat with Bellingham, the Borussia Dortmund midfielder they want to sign for Jurgen Klopp in 2023. The England international is their top target for next summer but was simply not available in this window. That's because Dortmund already lost their other most important player, Erling Haaland, to Manchester City and refused to lose both talents in one window. Any deal to sign Bellingham will likely take a club-record fee of around £100million. And that Liverpool have not even got an option - nevermind an obligation - to sign Arthur surely hints that they are all-in on getting Bellingham next summer. Gianluca Di Marzio told Sky Sports of Liverpool's move for Arthur: "The two clubs agreed the loan last night, during the night, a long night. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach "The player is flying now, he's flying from Turin to Liverpool. No option to buy, but I think Arthur Melo can convince Jurgen Klopp and Liverpool that he can play there. It depends on him. "He's had some problems, probably because he's not the right player for the way of playing or the style of play at Juventus. But I think in Liverpool he can do a very good job. The news is that he's flying and the two clubs have agreed the deal for the loan." Arthur, 26, has struggled to truly cement himself in Europe despite two seasons at Barca and another two with Juve. He made 72 appearances at the Nou Camp and thus far has managed 63 in Italy. The 22-cap Brazil international has not made a single appearance this season with Juve winning two and drawing two of four matches to sit two points adrift of Jose Mourinho's Roma in Serie A. The player is international team-mates with Alisson Becker, Fabinho and Roberto Firmino. He won the Copa America with Brazil in 2019.