TikTok user Speedy Stuff posts her home hacks to her account, showing how she leaves her property sparkling. One video, in which she demonstrated how she deep cleans her toilet, turned some viewers' stomachs. The content creator put a warning on their video, as some viewers might find it rather unsanitary. She showed all the steps in her method in her video "removing hard limescale from the toilet bowl". The cleaning guide showed the home expert emptying her toilet bowl of water before leaving a cleaning product to soak overnight. She then begins to brush and scrape away the dark limescale hidden in the u-bend. "My stomach is too sensitive for this," one queasy fan states. READ MORE: Clean your oven with just one lemon: How to eliminate grease and stains with 30p trick Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea DON'T MISSKim Woodburn's cheap and potent vinegar hack eliminates limescale [EXPERT] 3 simple tricks to get rid of flies - bicarb of soda bin hack [CLEANING] Keep dust away: 'Magic' homemade dust-busting spray hack [PROPERTY] One fan tried the method and was very impressed, writing: "This worked to perfection for me! Left the vinegar overnight and no scrubbing!" Others, however, were less keen on the tip. "I wouldn’t touch even If had gloves on," one said. Another wrote: "Nothing and I mean nothing in me wants to do this to my toilet. The number of people who have used it before me." How to prevent limescale in your toilet Limescale is caused by the build-up of minerals left behind when hard water passes through the toilet. There are a number of things you can do to prevent the limescale from collecting in the toilet. Pour an acidic cleaner down the toilet each month, such as white vinegar, or lemon. Scrub your toilet roll regularly to prevent build-up of substances in the bowl. The acidity in white vinegar means it is a very efficient household cleaner. That acid breaks down the build-up of grime very well. It tackles limescale, glue, and soap scum, as well as grease. For this reason, it's a staple in most households. Vinegar is especially good for cleaning sinks, floors, greasy hobs, stainless steel, and enamel. Try it on your windows, microwave, and ovens. There are some parts of the house that will be damaged by vinegar's acidity, especially natural surfaces. Think include granite and marble, as well as solid wood and silver. Another use for lemons is cleaning the oven, and a TikTok creator showed how she cleans her oven with just one lemon. She told her fans: "Show me the life hack that you randomly saw one day that is now an unconscious standard practice in your life." Putting lemon in water in a turned on oven will release lemon steam into the air. This will help to loosen grease, which you can then use the lemon water to wipe away.