Tottenham transfer chief Fabio Paratici could crown a prolific summer by giving manager Antonio Conte one more signing on deadline day. Spurs are thought to be on the hunt for a wide player with two options of their own edging towards the exit door as Paratici looks to trim down and streamline the squad. Lucas Moura and Bryan Gil could both be on their way out of north London before the 11pm deadline on Thursday. The former has attracted attention from Aston Villa, who are reportedly waiting to pounce should the right set of circumstances arise. As for Gil, Valencia boss Gennaru Gattuso has already acknowledged that a second consecutive loan arrangement is all but done. The Italian stated in black-and-white terms that they are merely waiting for Tottenham to sign a winger before the move for Gil goes through, and it could go down to the wire. With time ticking towards the end of a free-spending summer window in north London, Express Sport takes you through three players the Lilywhites could still snap up... JUST IN: Tottenham draw with West Ham: Five things learned as Antonio Conte given daunting decision Many expected the Welshman to thrive after trading Manchester United for Leeds last summer. His first campaign at Elland Road was solid, if unspectacular, but Paratici evidently feels as though he could do a job at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. A season-long loan deal including an option to buy is already reported to be on the table for James, who has also perked the interest of Everton. Spurs may have to wait until Leeds sign Wolves forward Hwang Hee-chan before getting the green light, however, which could make things tense. READ MORE: Chelsea 'in talks' for pricey Aubameyang alternative as Neymar negotiations break down With time slipping away to make further squad improvements, Atletico Madrid reportedly informed Tottenham that Belgian winger Carrasco is not for sale. But there remains the option to trigger his £51.4million release clause, which would effectively leave Los Colchoneros powerless to Spurs' approach. In many ways, Carrasco would be an ideal fit for Conte due to his ability to fill in at wing-back or in a more advanced wide role. He has notched a solid 28 goal contributions over the past two seasons in the Spanish capital and Diego Simeone has called on him to appear in all three of Atletico's La Liga matches so far this term. Spurs' interest in the flying Spaniard goes all the way back to January, when they seemingly came within a whisker of completing the deal. Instead, he went to Barcelona for the second half of the season before returning to Molineux without earning a permanent contract at the Camp Nou. The arrivals of Goncalo Guedes and Sasa Kalajdzic could tempt Wolves to cash in on Traore, should Tottenham produce a tempting offer. The 26-year-old has often drawn criticism for his underwhelming numbers but the pace, power and trickery that he brings to the table is virtually unmatched.