The Prince of Wales was spotted with wife Camilla at the competition while the Queen remained at her estate in Balmoral. Competition goers had hoped Her Majesty would make an appearance at the games, with the event normally being a highlight in her royal calendar. Nevertheless, people are gathering at the games in Braemar, Scotland, today as Prince Charles sported a kilt for the occasion. Charles is known as the Duke of Rothesay when in Scotland and was seen cutting a 'heather rope' to officially open The Queen Elizabeth Platinum Jubilee Archway. The Duchess of Cornwall wore an elegant green coat and brown boots for the occasion. The stand-in comes amid health fears for the Queen who will not be returning to London to meet with the new Prime Minister next week. The Queen will instead meet with the new PM a day later at her residence in Balmoral due to ongoing mobility issues. Buckingham Palace confirmed the news as a return to Buckingham Palace could lead to last minute changes to travel. The Queen arrived in Scotland at the end of July for her ten-week summer break. Her Majesty last attended the games with Charles in 2019. READ MORE: Should Meghan and Harry lose their titles? Here’s how YOU voted  Prince Charles and Camilla will present awards to the top-performing competitors at the event. This year's annual event is the first to be held since the start of the Covid pandemic in 2020. The 96-year-old monarch has never missed the competition during her 70-year reign until now. Members of the Royal Family attend the sporting spectacle, which is rooted in Scottish tradition, every year. DON'T MISS:Queen facing to step back after failing to continue royal duties [INSIGHT]Expert weighs in on chances for Queen to hand power to Prince Charles [COMMENT]Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts [LIVE] It is held at the Princess Royal and Duke of Fife Memorial Park in Braemar on the first Saturday in September. The competition aims to test competitors' strength, dexterity and stamina. Events include tossing the caber, hammer throwing and tug of war - with pipe bands and Highland dancers also performing. The Games, however, are classed as a 'private' event in the Queen's calendar and are not considered a public engagement. 