There are millions of who have reached state pension age that are missing out on a crucial benefit from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Figures from Age UK show that pensioners are the most likely group of Britons to be missing out financial help, so it’s important for them to know what they are entitled to. Some 3.4 million people over state pension age are missing out on Attendance Allowance. Currently the state pension age in the UK is 66, but it's due to rise in the future. Attendance Allowance helps with extra costs if someone has a disability severe enough that they need someone to help look after them. It’s paid at two different rates and how much someone gets depends on the level of care that they need because of their disability. The lower rate, of £61.85 a week, is given if a person needs help or supervision during the day or at night. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How to use pensions to reduce your bill and avoid an ‘IHT problem’ Applicants don’t need to have a full-time carer, but they will need to show they need help with washing, moving around or taking medication. Attendance Allowance helps Britons of state pension age and older with extra costs if they have a physical or mental disability or illness severe enough that makes it hard for them to look after themselves. It does not cover mobility needs. It can help people stay independent in their own home for longer. Claimants do not need to have someone caring for them in order to apply. READ MORE: Retirement: 4 ways to give pension income a 'much needed boost' as inflation hits 10.1% Additionally, claimants should have needed that help for at least six months - unless they might have six months or less to live. Physical and mental disabilities include sensory disability, such as blindness or a mental disability such as learning difficulties. People cannot usually get Attendance Allowance if they live in a care home and their care is paid for by their local authority. The benefit is paid every four weeks , which means people could receive either £247.40 or £369.60 every pay period. Someone can spend the money however they choose and it could help them stay independent in their own home for longer. This might include: Attendance Allowance isn't means-tested so it doesn't matter what other money people have coming in or how much they have in savings either - there's no limit. It is also tax-free and they will be exempt from the Benefit Cap so they won't have money taken away from any other benefits. Moreover it does not affect state pension and they can even claim it if they’re still working and earning money.