Households in Britain are facing the worst effects of an energy crisis, with the price of wholesale gas shooting through the roof following Vladimir Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Since then, European countries are seeking to end their reliance on Russian gas imports. In a speech today, Mr Johnson called on the UK to harness a goldmine of energy resources currently many times cheaper than gas. He said: “We’re now racing towards our target of 50GW of offshore wind by 2030. "50GW is probably half the electricity consumption of the country from offshore wind. "Offshore wind is now the cheapest form of electricity in this country. Offshore wind is nine times cheaper than gas with the insanity of what Putin has done. "That way it entirely makes sense for us to be more self reliant. It is also entirely clean and green. "Renewables are not only important for us to defeat climate change, they're helping keep bills lower now."   This statement by the Prime Minister is based on analysis by the Carbon Brief, which found that the Government had granted a number of contracts to offshore wind farm producers to generate electricity at an average price of £48 per megawatt hour (MWh). This is nine times cheaper than the £446/MWh current cost of running gas-fired power stations. Mr Johnson continued: "What Putin has done, is launch a kind of kamikaze attack on the world economy. "He believes we will give up on Ukraine, give in to his aggression and go back to mainlining his hydrocarbons. "He is wrong in his assumption about British people. I think he's wrong in his assumption about other European governments." READ MORE: 'Huge step forward' World's largest wind farm off UK coast OPEN He added that he recently spoke to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, who made it "absolutely clear" that Berlin was going to move away from its dependency on Russian energy. He continued: "Putin in this strategy, is going to fail." He added that Britons, who are set to face record high energy bills this winter, will receive "substantial sums" of additional cash from the next Prime Minister once they are elected. Given the Prime Minister is set to leave office by next week, he said: "At every stage in the last three years, I hope I can say this as one of my last speeches in this office, we put in the things that this country will need for the long term, to try to look at what future generations, for their prosperity, their productivity, and their quality of life and to reduce the cost of living as well. DON'T MISS: Macron’s energy nightmare deepens as nuclear output plummets: ‘Prep... [INSIGHT]Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships [REPORT]Elon Musk in end of the world warning: ‘Just a matter of time’ [SPOTLIGHT] "This Government has not shirked from big decisions." The UK has enormous potential to generate wind energy, which is evident as yesterday, Hornsea 2, officially the world's largest wind farm, became fully operational, generating power about 55 miles off the coast of Yorkshire. The wind farm will now generate enough electricity to power about 1.3 million homes, enough to run a city the size of Manchester. Renewable energy has gone from 11 percent of the country's energy mix to 40 percent, with offshore wind making up the bulk of it. Patrick Harnett, programme director for the Hornsea 2 wind farm, told BBC News: "The UK is one of the world leaders in offshore wind. "This is very exciting after five years of work to have full commercial operations at the world's largest offshore wind farm." 