Cameron Norrie reached the fourth round of the US Open for the first time by a bad-tempered win over Holger Rune. The Danish teenager has already earned a reputation for petulance - and he clashed with Casper Ruud after losing their French Open quarter-final.  And the No.28 today repeatedly complained to German umpire Timo Janzen that the British No.1 was repeatedly stopping during his service action and running over the shot clock. Players are allowed 25 seconds between points. He made a big scene when Norrie was serving for the set at 5-4 in the second set and was booed by the home fans. When Janzen claimed he had only seen Norrie do it once, Rune responded: “Are you kidding me? Are you crazy?” After another rant at the umpire, Rune collapsed in the final set to allow the No.7 seed to win 7-5 6-4 6-1 to continue the form which took him to the Wimbledon semi-finals.  Norrie took his first match point with a backhand cross court winner after two hours and 12 minutes of play in sweltering heat in the Grandstand court after starting at 11am local time. He has yet to drop a set here and spent only six hours and 16 minutes on court. He has now won 44 matches this season - third on the ATP Tour behind only Carlos Acalraz and Stefanos Tsitsipas. He will next face the winner of the match between No.9 seed Andrey Rublev and No.19 seed Denis Shapovalov. Norrie broke the Rune serve seven times - and needed only 29 minutes to wrap up the third set.  The British No.1 had won both of their previous close meetings this year on clay in Lyon and on the hardcourts in Cincinnati and he had predicted a “war”. In the first set, the world No.9 served for the set at 5-4 only to play a horrible game with a double fault and a smash into the net only to break straight back and then hold. In the eventful second. Norrie led 4-1 before Rune called for a medical timeout. Serving for the set at 5-4, the Dane started complaining to the umpire after saving a first set point before Norrie took his third set point with a backhand down the line. Norrie told Amazon Prime: "Holger is not easy. He can go through matches where he is playing pretty passively and then he goes and hits very aggressively, so you have got to be ready for anything. He has great hands and defends really well at times.   "For me I think I stayed a lot calmer than he did throughout a lot of big moments in the match. I managed to stay tough in the first set and again when I was serving for the second set. "My goal today was to get to two hours and then we start the match from there. Literally when it hit two hours I broke to go 2-1 up in the third set, pointed to Facu and I was like, 'Alright, now the match starts.' He seemed to die a little bit. I don't know what was going on with him." 