Healthy hair requires a lot of maintenance, especially if colours, bleaches, heat and tight hairstyles are used. For anyone wondering how they can promote hair growth, and achieve thicker, shinier hair without spending thousands of pounds on extensive treatments, here are four things to consider. Rice water is doing the rounds on social media, with many celebrities trialling it and it is the leftover liquid that comes from rinsing or cooking rice. It is a traditional beauty treatment that is still popular in many regions of Asia. Historical and anecdotal evidence claims that rice water will help improve the strength and texture of your hair, as well as promote growth. And according to cosmetic dermatologist Michele Green, MD, rice water is full of vitamins and minerals that are essential to hair growth and can help improve the look and feel of your hair. She says these nutrients help strengthen hair follicles, improve the density of hair, and make it look healthy and shiny. READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips Making rice water is as simple as combining the two ingredients and giving them time to ferment. 1. Rince the rice: Wash the rice to get rid of any dirt or impurities. You can use any type of rice. 2. Let it ferment: Fermented rice water is more potent, so allow the rice to sit in water for a day, it should then be refrigerated after 24 hours and should be used within three days or discarded. 3. Add natural fragrances: Fermented rice water has a strong smell, so to combat this, you can add a few drops of essential oils or some herbal tea to the rice water to give it a better fragrance. You could also add orange or lemon peels to it. Rice water can be used instead of shampoo or after you’ve washed your hair depending on preference. Just strain it before use. Pour it on the scalp and massage in, then pour the remaining all over the hair. Let it rest for 30 minutes then rinse. It can be used once or twice a week and people see changes in hair after a few uses. DON'T MISS... Stop avocados from going brown - 5 food storage hacks to try [VIDEO]Menopause weight loss: Foods to avoid to lose 2lbs a week [EXPERT]September 2022 horoscope: What’s in store for each star sign? [COMMENT] Castor oil is derived from castor beans and is rich in protein, antioxidants, nutrients and fatty acids — all of which sound very beneficial when it comes to a home remedy. It is said to moisturise the scalp, reduce dandruff, and leave hair smooth, strong, and shiny. To use, try rubbing a few drops of oil into the scalp first. More can be massaged into the hair’s midsection and ends to help protect against breakage and improve hair texture. Castor oil is heavy and very sticky, which means it will be hard to remove from your hair. It's best to dilute the castor oil with other natural oils like coconut or jojoba. There are no exact guidelines for how long you should leave castor oil on your hair. That said, know that leaving it in too long can dry out your hair and scalp. To prevent drying, wash the castor oil from your hair after about two hours. READ MORE: Aldi shoppers rave for brand’s version of Olaplex hair treatment  Rosemary oil has several beneficial properties, including anti-inflammatory properties, promoting nerve growth and improving circulation. Beyond stimulating hair growth, rosemary essential oil is used to prevent premature greying and dandruff. It may also help dry or itchy scalp. To use rosemary oil, simply massage around five drops directly into the scalp. Rinsing out the oil afterwards is optional — though if you do rinse, let the oil sit on your scalp for at least five to 10 minutes beforehand. It can also be applied to conditioners. It can also be applied to conditioners. Massage ranges from light strokes to deep pressure and provides several benefits all over the body; including stress release, lowering your heart rate and reducing muscle pain and soreness. When it comes to the scalp, however, massage helps to stimulate blood circulation and stretches the hair follicles to help promote growth. It’s also thought that a scalp massage may help dilate blood vessels beneath the skin, thereby encouraging hair growth. A small study - of just nine people - reported thicker hair after 24 weeks of daily scalp massages. A more recent study of 340 participants found that 69 percent of participants self-reported an improvement in hair loss.