Ready to retire and looking for the perfect destination? One of the world's safest countries has "fantastic" attractions and a healthy lifestyle for expats. READ MORE: Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' GoBankingRates research found the safest country in the world for retirees is Canada which ranks at number 12 on the Global Peace Index. Canada has very low rates of violent crime and is one of only four non-European countries to make the Global Peace Index. One of Canada’s top attractions is world famous Niagara Falls and the waterfall has featured in many movies. A visitor to the Falls described it as “fantastic” on Tripadvisor while another gushed about the “awesome views”. The majority of British expats in Canada choose to live in a city such as Montreal, Toronto or Vancouver. Britons might be more suited to Toronto or Vancouver if they don’t speak French although each city has many attractions. Iceland was the second safest country for retired expats and is famous for its stunning natural environment. It was ranked as the safest country in the world in the most recent Global Peace Index and has a very low violent crime rate. READ MORE: ‘Love it!’ Britain’s best staycation destination named The majority of expats live in Iceland’s capital city, Reykjavik which has the biggest population in the country. Surrounded by nature, Reykjavik also has a buzzing restaurant and cultural scene as well as some of the world’s best spas. New Zealand took the third spot and is one of the safest countries in the world for retired expats. The stunning country is known for its natural wonders and as a hive of adventure with world class climbing and white water rafting. However, expats might need to save up for a move to New Zealand, as it has some of the world’s most expensive housing. Retirees who don’t want to settle too far from the UK, might prefer to relocate to the Republic of Ireland. Ireland is one of the world’s safest countries and has low levels of violent and petty crime. Not just about Guinness, Ireland has an exciting food and drink scene, perfect for new retirees to explore.