The Duchess of Cambridge favours a "classic" style, according to Miranda Holder, a fashion coach who is known for her viral TikTok style videos posted under the username @themirandaholder 'Your Feel Good Fashion Coach'. As with all of the Royal Family, Kate must adhere to "royal restrictions" when choosing her day-to-day outfits. Whether it's a formal evening dress or a smart-casual skirt for daytime affairs, Miranda told Express.co.uk: "The hemline is always going to be at least to the knee because those are the royal regulations." However, there is one way in which the future Queen consort is able to inject a little bit of "fun" into her outfits. Although one royal protocol discourages female members of the firm from showing off their cleavage, Kate has been known to experiment with the necklines of many of her garments. Miranda explained: "Where she does have the fun, if you like, because she's quite limited due to her duties as a working royal is with the neckline. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘not pleased’ with Meghan’s ‘clingy’ behaviour "So that's where you will see lots of things going on and many of the evening gowns are sort of off the shoulder or plunging. "Or [she chooses] lots of different necklines on her dresses and her coats. "That's where you see the party happening because she can't really do much elsewhere." Perhaps one of her most famous neckline moments occurred at her wedding to Prince William in 2011. The floor-length gown, designed by Sarah Burton of Alexander McQueen, was covered in handmade lace created by the Royal School of Needlework. Though the dress had long, lace sleeves and a magnificent train, it also showed off the Duchess' décolletage with a tasteful yet deeply cut neckline. In 2012, the Duchess wowed fans with a beautiful Alexander McQueen gown by Sarah Burton for a dinner with the ruler of Malaysia and his wife, as part of the Diamond Jubilee Tour. One of the most eye-catching details of the gown was its delicate sweetheart neckline, with white, gathered material acting to accentuate her bust. DON'T MISSWhy Camilla's is 'the most romantic of all royal engagement rings' [COMMENT]Royal Family's best headband moments - from Kate Middleton to Beatrice [INSIGHT]Meghan and Kate stepped out in sheer dresses [PICTURES] She went on to later re-wear the dress at the BAFTAs in 2020. Similarly, on a royal tour of Poland in 2017, the Duchess wowed in a dress by Polish designer Gosia Baczynska, with perhaps one of her lowest plunging necklines to date. Though the hint of cleavage was rather subtle, it was a bold move for Kate who previously had not frequently worn such ensembles. Naturally, the whole look remained tasteful and kept in line with the royal protocol of the skirt falling just below the knee.