Like many health conditions, what we eat can have an impact on arthritis. It is widely accepted that eating plenty of omega-3 fatty acids can help tackle some of the symptoms. This can be found in lots of popular fish such as tuna and salmon, as well as supplements like cod liver oil. However, one expert suggests there is a certain type of oil that has the “highest concentration” of omega-3 acids that could be more effective than other foods and supplements when it comes to arthritis. Speaking with Express.co.uk, Sas Parsad - founder of The Gut Co - explained: “Pain in joints is usually a symptom of inflammation in the body, so to limit this, you want to be eating foods that reduce inflammation. “Omega-3 fatty acids reduce inflammatory proteins in the body as well as improve brain function and lower the risk of heart disease, diabetes and other chronic illnesses. “Omega-3 can be found in many cold-water fish such as tuna, salmon and sardines, nuts and seeds, or you can take a daily supplement. READ MORE: Gareth Malone's 'devastating' health condition explained - 'hard to come to terms with'  “Surprisingly, squid oil has the highest concentration of omega-3, so including squid oil in your diet can give you that boost you need.” Squid oil, which is also known as calamari oil, is most commonly taken in the form of a capsule supplement - found in most health food stores. Eating squid in its original form also contains plenty of omega-3 acids that could help with arthritis. Osteoarthritis is the most common type of arthritis in the UK, affecting nearly nine million people. It mainly affects joints in the hands, knees, spine and hips.   The second most common type of arthritis is rheumatoid arthritis, which is when the body's immune system targets affected joints, causing pain and swelling. Initially it compromises the smooth cartilage lining of the joint, making movement more difficult and leading to pain and stiffness. “Squid oil in particular helps rheumatoid arthritis due to its omega-3 fatty acid content,” Mr Parsad said. “It can help to soothe symptoms of inflammation-causing stiffness and swelling in joints.  READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: Sign in your vomit that could signal most severe stage of disease “This can also benefit menopausal people that are being impacted by joint pain.” Mr Parsad explained its other health benefits. He said: “A fatty acid in squid oil known as docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) has been shown to benefit the resting heart rate, improving heart health. “7.6 million people in the UK live with heart or circulatory disease, making it incredibly important that heart health is looked after.  “Squid oil is higher in DHA than any other seafood, making it the best choice to get your dose of DHA.” He added: “In fact, squid oil can be recommended for pregnant women to consume due to its protein and iron content.” Symptoms of arthritis will depend on what type you have, but can include: 