Whether it's an unwanted mug ring left on a wooden side table or a scratch on a wooden chair, your furniture can become worn over time. However, a viral TikTok hack promises to get rid of marks and keep your wooden furniture pieces "lasting for a long, long time". The eco-friendly hack uses a simple kitchen cupboard item and doesn't require any cleaning chemicals at all. TikTok user Morgan, who posted under the username @mostlyecomorgan tested out the method and said she was "actually really surprised" by the outcome. Her post has so far amassed over 3,000 likes by followers and has been shared multiple times. In the video, Morgan uses olive oil to get rid of ring marks and even scratches from a wooden table. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients She explained: "So you know when your friends set their cups on your table, even when there is a coaster right there? And then you get all of these fun little rings on your table. "Well, apparently just a little olive oil can help get those rings out and keep your table lasting for a long, long time. "Ring number one, things are looking promising. I just wipe off the olive oil with a damp rag and guys you can't see the ring. The ring is not there." She tried the hack on another mark on her table to ensure her first results were not just "a fluke". Once again, the olive oil was able to wipe away the mark before her eyes. Morgan said: "Once again friends, it has disappeared." She then tried it on a deep scratch which had impacted her table during the moving process. She said: "I am actually really surprised at how well this is working. "Obviously the scratch isn't completely gone but look at how much better that looks compared to how we started. DON'T MISSWindow cleaning: Kim Woodburn shares 'cheap' homemade solution [REVEALED]Carpet cleaning: Banish stains with common cosmetic item [INTERVIEW]Energy expert shares ‘cheapest’ method to cook your food to save money [COMMENT] "Overall I am actually really surprised at how well this is working." Speaking about the cleaning hack, Howard Moss, CEO of Astonish said: "Accumulating over 3,000 likes on ‘mostlyecomorgan’s profile, this quick hack can save on buying extra cleaning products and has multiple benefits. "As well as being able to cut through grime and grease, olive oil nourishes a surface, especially something like a wooden table shown in the video, which clearly shows the ease of removing any cup rings. “Olive oil can be used as a DIY furniture polish. It’s environmentally friendly, effective and gives it an extra purpose in the home.”