Liverpool have been tipped to make a £42million deadline day swoop for Brighton ace Moises Caicedo. The 20-year-old Ecuador midfielder has caught the attention of the Premier League giants following a string of star performances on the south coast. Caicedo would be confident of forcing his way into the Reds’ starting line-up should he complete a move to the north west. And Express Sport takes a look at four players who could be adversely affected by his arrival. Naby Keita Naby Keita has never really got his Liverpool career going since his mega-money switch from RB Leipzig in 2018. And the Guinea international has been linked with a move to Borussia Dortmund. Keita struggled to cement a regular place in Jurgen Klopp’s team last season and is yet to take to the pitch in the Premier League this time around as he battles with an injury problem. The 27-year-old doesn’t always have the impact Klopp is looking for and would therefore fall below Caicedo in the pecking order should the Ecuadorian put pen-to-paper on a deal. And that could ultimately signal the end of his Anfield career. Curtis Jones Curtis Jones has been tipped to have a big future at the top of the game but will need regular match action in the coming years if he is to hit the heights expected of him. The 21-year-old, who already has 75 Liverpool appearances under his belt, is another player who has struggled with injuries and hasn’t been involved in any of his side’s opening four matches of the campaign. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel    Jones’ development could be stunted if he finds himself in the shadow of Caicedo. And the ace will surely be hoping the Reds make do with what they already have so he can show Klopp exactly what he can offer. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain Klopp might have offloaded Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain this summer if he had more options in midfield. Instead, the Liverpool boss has kept the England international at Anfield and will risk losing him for nothing when his contract expires next summer. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes      The 29-year-old has struggled for form and consistent game time since suffering a serious knee injury during his first campaign in the north west. And he wouldn’t be able to compete with the athletic Caicedo, who could become one of the best midfielders in the Premier League in the future. James Milner James Milner is an outstanding asset for Klopp as he has an incredible work ethic and attitude. And he’s still one of the fittest players in the squad. The ex-Manchester City ace penned a one-year contract extension in the summer but, at the age of 36, his time at the top of the game is surely coming to an end. And if Caicedo joins the Reds, Milner will have fewer opportunities to get on the pitch and could even consider hanging up his boots at the end of the campaign. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 