While it’s possible to make savings by cutting back on spending, cancelling subscriptions and going out less, there are only so many cutbacks people can make. Express.co.uk has compiled a list of 10 ways people can potentially earn up to £500 a month from home. With inflation hitting a 40-year high of 10.1 percent and wage increases not keeping up, many people will be looking for ways to make a bit of extra money. Half of British households have a spare room according to Property Reporter and could earn an extra £7,500 a year tax-free. One way to make an income from it is to list it on Airbnb where it’s possible to earn up to £1,100 a month depending on which part of the UK one's house is in. Marcus Ahmad from Bristol told Express.co.uk: ““I realised that through Airbnb and a bit more effort - ie doing the place up and hosting people - I could actually make double the amount of money I would when renting it.” READ MORE: 10 tips: How to avoid giving children a huge inheritance tax bill Another great way savvy Brits are earning hundreds of pounds a month is by signing up to car sharing platforms that allow them to make money from renting out their cars to other drivers. Edward from London is earning more than £600 a month from listing his vehicle with Karshare which is just like Airbnb, but for cars. He told Express.co.uk: "I've found it more productive than I expected with regards to earnings and am currently earning over £600 per month. “It's been easier than expected due to the keyless technology - I don't have to do anything.” DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] Not everyone would want to hire out their car, but they could earn over £100 a month by letting someone park in their parking space. Al Baker previously told Express.co.uk how it’s possible to make over £100 every month through JustPark especially if a person lives in a city or near a tourist attraction. If letting a spare parking spot isn’t an option, people could take on extra tasks or jobs through sites like TaskRabbit and Skillshare. Pensioner Paul Melhuish told Express.co.uk: “Mainly I assemble flat-pack furniture, put up shelves, curtain-rails and blinds, and mount mirrors and pictures on walls. READ MORE: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 He explained how he takes on gigs to supplement his state pension and works as many hours as he wants. Paul said: “I end up doing about 40 hours per month. "It earns me about £800 per month, sometimes a bit less if I do fewer jobs." Alternatively, it might mean leaving the house for a few hours but people could sign up to an extras agency near them and earn up to £200 a day. 10 ways to earn an extra £500 a month: 1 Airbnb - all people need to get started is a spare room2 Karshare - make around £600 a month3 JustPark - renting out the driveway could earn people over £1004 Stashbee - let someone store their stuff in the loft and earn up to £3005 TaskRabbit - limitless earnings depending on free time6 TV and film extra - up to £200 a day7 Tour Guide - up to £300 a day in London8 Homesitting - around £20 a day but it's an easier way of life9 Market Research - up to £50 an hour but the work is few and far between10 Skillshare - limitless earnings depending on free time and skills. 