GB News has confirmed it has planned a major shake-up to its schedule in the coming weeks and Colin Brazier has left the channel. Staff at the channel were reportedly hearing about the shake-up on August 31 with former Brexit party MEP Alexandra Phillips and Colin leaving GB News. It was reported all individual shows which air between midday and 4pm will be scrapped and replaced with new features. Presenters including Gloria De Piero and Liam Halligan will no longer have their own show but be part of other programmes. The biggest change however comes with the rumoured exit of Colin. The host fuelled rumours of a swift departure as he posted of a “new chapter” on his Twitter page. READ MORE: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles Sharing a snap of his family, he wrote: “Me and my Brazier Bunch get to start a new chapter today. “It may involve a tractor. Standby for updates.” Colin’s GB News colleagues shared cryptic replies with Michelle Dewberry simply posting a “heart” emoji while Alastair Stewart wrote: “Xxx.” GB News confirmed the shake-up to Express.co.uk as the channel announced more investment in its programming.  Gloria, a stalwart of GB News since launch, will team up with former Sky News presenter Mark Longhurst to co-present a new weekday show, GB Newsday. She will expand her two highly successful series: The Real Me, talking to politicians about their non-political lives, and Life and Times, in which political heavyweights reflect on their careers. Meanwhile, Patrick Christys will move to late afternoons as host of a new programme, GB News Live and will continue to host Friday Night Feast. Calvin Robinson will present Calvin’s Common-Sense Crusade on Sundays. DON'T MISS...We don’t feel green taxes until cost-of-living crisis - COLIN BRAZIER [COMMENT]Charity starts at home!' Truss blasted over foreign aid shake-up [VIDEO]Eamonn Holmes erupts at Labour as he questions Starmer's energy plan [WATCH] GB News’ coverage of the cost-of-living crisis will be expanded with On the Money hosted by Economics Editor Liam becoming a channel-wide feature across the schedule. Conservative MPs and married couple Esther McVey and Philip Davies will co-present another programme on Fridays, in addition to their popular Saturday morning show. In October, GB News will be joined by Olivia Utley who is leaving her role as Assistant Comment Editor at The Telegraph. Speaking of the shake-up, Editorial Director Michael Booker said: “Our strength as a small start-up is our ability to innovate and move quickly to stay ahead, keep growing and keep listening to our audience. “Our new programming also leverages our growing investment in newsgathering across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.” It’s believed this is just the start of several changes to the channel which will be announced over the Autumn. It comes after Camilla Tominey, Michael Portillo, and Andrew Pierce were confirmed as new additions to the channel. GB News is available to watch on Virgin Media HD 604, Freesat 216, Sky 515, Freeview 236, YouView 236, DAB+ Radio, YouTube, mobile, online & DAB+radio