The group is increasing its interest rates across several products to offer “better value to customers on savings”. The bank’s Cash ISA account now has an interest rate of 0.7 percent, up from 0.45 percent. The FD Savings Account has gone up from 0.2 percent to 0.4 percent while the rate for the FD Bonus Savings Account has gone up from 0.6 percent to 0.75 percent, for balances up to £25,000, including the bonus. Balances of more than £25,000 will now have a rate of 0.65 percent, up from 0.55 percent, including the bonus. The bonus itself has increased from 0.2 percent to 0.4 percent. Customers will need a 1st Account with first direct to set up a savings account with the bank. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes   first direct is currently offering £175 in cash to all new customers switching to a 1st Account with the bank. The cash bonus is on offer to all new customers who switch their full banking to first direct using the Current Account Switch Service (CASS). To get the bonus, a person must pay at least £1,000 into the account within three months of opening it. The offer only applies to those who have not previously held an account with first direct. DON'T MISS:Thrifty traveller shares tips to enjoy foreign holidays every MONTH [EXPLAINED]Woman's attempt at 'healthy' roast in air fryer leaves her surprised [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How much does it cost to charge phones and laptops? [ANALYSIS] Savers must also not have opened an HSBC current account on or after January 1, 2019. Chris Pitt, CEO of first direct, said previously: “This new switching offer of £175 is market leading and an increase on our previous offer of £150. “On top of the switching bonus, we are increasing our savings rates across a range of accounts in order to offer people better value on their savings.” The Bank of England raised the base interest rate by 0.5 percent to 1.75 percent in early August, with analysts predicting it could hit four percent next year. READ MORE: Dad slashes £625 off energy bill by updating one ‘guzzling’ appliance  Professor Joe Nellis, from the Cranfield School of Management, said there was no alternative to the Bank raising the rates. He said: "Interest rates are the only instrument the Bank of England has at their disposal to control the economy - there is no alternative. "They have no choice but to follow the market and continue to raise interest rates, or they risk weakening the pound. "If they don’t raise interest rates in line with other major economies, the UK’s situation will worsen. "If the value of the Sterling dips, inflation rises as import prices shoot up. “Continued inflation puts pressure on domestic concerns and for the Bank of England to be seen to do nothing would be a total failure.” Inflation is currently at 10.1 percent, with many Britons struggling to afford high prices for energy and other essentials. Analysts at the Bank predict that inflation should start falling in 2023, as production difficulties faced by businesses start to ease, dropping to two percent.