Liverpool have been rejected in their attempts to seal a transfer deadline day move for Konrad Laimer after Jurgen Klopp admitted his side were intensifying efforts to recruit on the final day of the window. The Reds’ midfield issues took a further hit during the 2-1 win over Newcastle on Wednesday when captain Jordan Henderson picked up a hamstring injury, joining Thiago, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita as Klopp’s unavailable midfielders. Sky Germany claim that Liverpool have made an effort to sign £30million-rated Laimer from RB Leipzig in the final few days of the transfer window. The Austrian’s contract expires at the end of the season, but the German side are reluctant to sell the 25-year-old and the report claimed a move to Liverpool was “impossible”, despite Laimer’s uncertain future. There is a chance that Laimer could move to Anfield in the future on a free transfer, but Liverpool’s efforts to sign a midfielder appear to be short-term after moving to sign Juventus’ Arthur Melo on a loan deal. Klopp conceded that he was wrong in his opinion that his side did not need to bring in another midfielder this summer last week. “I know we have had this discussion since it all started and I am the one who said we don’t need a midfielder and you were all right and I was wrong,” Klopp said. “That’s the situation. There is really nothing more to say about it. We are looking for it, and if it is the right player we need him and if it is not the right player we don’t need him.” Klopp admitted on Wednesday evening that Henderson’s injury was “not helpful” as just James Milner, Fabinho, Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho were left as recognised central midfielders in Klopp’s squad ahead of Saturday’s Merseyside derby, though Curtis Jones did return from injury to take a place on the bench against Newcastle. Bayern Munich are reportedly also interested in Laimer alongside Liverpool, though Leipzig chief Oliver Mintzlaff hoped that the midfielder would stay at the club despite interest from elsewhere, though did not rule out a potential move. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Liverpool boss Klopp may get Kone transfer aid by ex-Dortmund signingMan Utd talks for Frenkie de Jong transfer 'still ongoing'Chelsea 'to wait until January' for £12.6m transfer as deadline nears "I assume that Konny will stay. But the transfer window is still open and we're still holding a few conversations," Mintzlaff told Leipziger Volkszeitung. "The tendency is very, very large for him to stay with us." After being turned down for Laimer, Liverpool look to have turned their attention to Arthur on a reported loan deal without an option to buy. The Brazilian was spotted travelling to the UK and possibly Merseyside, where he is set to undergo a medical ahead of a left-field deadline day move to Liverpool.