 The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) stated that around six million Britons who receive a qualifying disability benefit will have the money paid automatically to them from September 20. The DWP states the payment is being made as the department acknowledges that people face higher costs due to disability-related needs.     Peter, 54, from Hull, uses an electric wheelchair due to a previous back injury and in 2018 he was rushed to hospital for emergency surgery where an ileostomy bag (stoma bag) was fitted. Peter also suffers from a heart condition, asthma, diabetes, and high blood pressure. Peter was entitled to receive the entirety of the Government’s cost of living payments, which included £650 for low-income households, £150 Disability cost of living payment, £150 council tax rebate and a £400 discount on energy bills from October. However, he explained that even with the financial support he will still need to find an extra £70 every month to cover the cost of his bills from October. READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes     He said: “It’s everything, everything has gone up and I’m just struggling to cover it all." He says he has tried to be careful with the money he's got and spread it out , adding: "But it really hasn’t gone very far at all.” “I’m definitely going to have to cut my food spending to find that extra £70, I can’t cut anything else, it’s impossible. I can’t cut back on the bills I pay but that's all that is left.” Peter also has to follow a specialised diet which has been provided to him by his hospital team due to some of his conditions and medication which means his diet is “incredibly restrictive” and is more expensive for him.   He explained: “I can see the price going up every time I go in and it just means that I have to buy less and have to eat less because my money can’t get as much.” Peter expressed how the cost of energy is making him “extremely nervous” as he depends on his electric wheelchair every day, and has several pieces of medical equipment in his home which need electricity to work. He added: “I will definitely have to cut down on using my electric chair because I need to charge that every day if I want to get about, but because of my back injury I cannot walk well and I'm scared that I may fall more, and last year I spent four days in the hospital because I had a bad fall. “I also have my fluid pumps that I need to use and I really can’t cut back on that at all. The fluids they’re giving me keeping me alive. If I go a couple of days without it then I will probably end up in hospital and that will just drain hospital resources.” Peter explained that his electricity bill jumped from £86 to £130 after the April price cap increase and he has actually been paying an increased rate on his gas over the summer months to try and protect himself over the winter. READ MORE: British Gas shares 15 tips for saving money on energy bills     He said: “I have a gas boiler and I only use it to heat up water but I’ve been washing my hands and using cold water in the summer so if we have a bad winter I have the credit to help me. “A bad winter previously I would pay £50 a month but now, I’m dreading it, I think it’ll double at least.” Peter does not believe that the Government has offered enough to support disabled people as they have not taken into consideration the different circumstances that disabled people are in. He thinks they have “treated everyone the same”. He argued that “at the very least” the Government should offer to give disabled people the Winter Fuel Payment, at the rate pensioners are receiving it this year. He said: “People who are disabled like me, so those who claim PIP and DLA, should be given the same help as pensioners. We still feel the cold just as much as they do and our disabilities can make it even worse sometimes.   “We should be equal and we should be given the same as the extras some pensioners are getting.” Peter said that the advice of “use less energy” was useless to him and has reached out for help from his energy provider. He asked for a discount on his electric bills, explaining his electrical medical equipment is essential. However, Peter is yet to receive help from this request. He added: “I'm stressed and I’m really worried, with the price rises I’m really worried about money. If I can’t charge my wheelchair I'm going to be housebound and what will my life be then. “My mental health has gotten better - it has eased but over the last eight months it has really knocked me and I think that I will have to take more antidepressants to feel better.” A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson said: “We know that living with a long-term illness or disability can impact on living costs, which is why we are supporting six million disabled people with an extra £150 payment, landing in bank accounts from September 20. “This is part of the £37billion package of support, which will see eight million low-income households receiving at least £1,200 of direct payments this year and everyone will receive a £400 discount on their energy bills in October. “We urge people to check they are getting all the help to which they are entitled.”