Naga Munchetty lit up the BBC Breakfast studio on Thursday after opting to wear a stunning loose-fitted yellow dress as she presented the show alongside co-host Charlie Stayt. As the veteran broadcaster was going through the latest headlines, many viewers were left distracted by her wardrobe choice, with some feeling she resembled Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to comment on the 47-year-old's colourful wardrobe choice, with @formerlyknown remarking: "#BBCBreakfast does Naga know she's still got her superhero fancy dress on?" Meanwhile, Rosy said: "Jury’s out on @TVNaga01 outfit this morning. My view is that I’m wondering if Naga is about to start flying around and singing. I find it a little canary ‘esque. Others seem to love it. What do I know." @Ultraomnivore added: "Just seen @TVNaga01’s outfit and now can’t stop singing, 'I closed my eyes, drew back the curtains.'" (sic) David McAuley penned: "@TVNaga01 loving your outfit today. You are setting a big bar for Charlie." READ MORE: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles John Howes, who also adored Naga's attire, added: "Great outfit this morning. Brightened my day." Lee Burton tweeted: "I don't know what @TVNaga01 is wearing on BBC Breakfast today but I think it's awesome." Other viewers messaged the BBC Breakfast presenter on Twitter to ask where she purchased her kaftan-style dress. Naga sparked a frenzy when she wore the same bold dress last June when she was presenting the news programme with Charlie.  When she donned the outfit last time, viewers flocked to social media to ask the host to stand up so they could admire it at full-length. Due to the flowing nature of the gown and billowing sleeves, many believed she may have been wearing a cape. Last time, she matched the dress with a pair of suede purple shoes which also caught viewers' attention. During the latest episode of the BBC programme, Naga discussed the ongoing strike action taking place around the nation. DON'T MISS...'So sorry' BBC's Naga Munchetty support to co-star amid sad loss [LATEST]Charlie Stayt red-faced after BBC Breakfast co-star's brutal swipe  [UPDATE]Naga Munchetty sparks outrage for 'interrupting' SNP's Ian Blackford [REACTION] She said: "Rail workers will go on strike again this month in an ongoing dispute over pay. "Rail workers at 12 companies will walk out on September 15, with another nine companies and Network Rail taking action on September 26." Strikes have been taking place across the summer, with thousands of rail workers walking out and causing disruption around the UK. Elsewhere on the programme, Naga told Charlie and viewers how "lovely" a story in the national newspapers was about a grandmother called Joy who had toured 63 national parks with her grandson.  "It's amazing, she's 92 and still going," Naga exclaimed as she admired Joy's determination. "They had this seven-year adventure together touring national parks, it's lovely." She also said the grandmother was getting her first passport soon to continue her walking adventures. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am. 