The majority of UK lawns should be coming back to life now as the UK’s heatwaves have come to an end. Weeks of dry, hot weather have meant that many gardeners’ lawns were looking a little worse for wear with brown, dry patches. To ensure lawns stay in good shape, gardening expert and MD of Greensleeves, a UK-wide lawn care business, David Truby, has shared his advice on five common mistakes gardeners make exclusively with Express.co.uk. The gardening pro explained: “Mowing is a crucial factor in having a healthy lawn. However, depending on the time of year, how you mow your lawn can have a devastating effect on its health. “During the warmer weather, it is essential to consider the length of your grass. While that may sound funny, if your grass is too short, it can lead to scorched leaves and water evaporating quickly, ultimately damaging your grass.” David recommended maintaining grass at around 3-5cm long. This is because when lawns are slightly longer, the grass blades will retain more moisture internally, shade the soil and help reduce water loss due to evaporation. However, during the winter months, grass growth slows and becomes increasingly dormant, but its growth certainly doesn’t stop completely, and neither should mowing your lawn. READ MORE: Use ‘cardboard’ hack to ‘effectively’ get rid of weeds ‘quickly’ The expert said: “The trick is to continue mowing your lawn as needed, never allowing it to become too long as this can significantly reduce the quality and potentially increase the severity of moss invasion. You must ensure the mower blades are sharp so as not to cause damage to the lawn itself.” Never attempt to mow the lawn if it is saturated or covered in frost. Taking extra care to remove excess leaves and debris by raking helps prevent environments that may encourage fungal diseases. A lawn – providing it is not damaged - cannot be aerated too much. In fact, the more often the better, says David. He explained: “Hollow tine aeration is a process in which small plugs are taken from the lawn. This method eases compaction and sub-surface thatch that has accumulated in the lawn, allowing water, air, fertiliser and nutrients to penetrate into the root zone. “Gradually the soil becomes compressed, squeezing together the particles and preventing the moisture from penetrating and reducing the grass’s ability to grow. If you don’t aerate, the compaction of particles can cause a variety of problems and will increase the risk of the lawn being invaded by weeds or moss.” DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Paint colours you should ‘avoid’ using in kitchens - ‘feels chaotic' [INSIGHT]The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ [COMMENT] Moss control and removal is an “essential part of lawn care” to ensure that grass is kept free of moss all year round. Moss is an extremely adaptable, resilient plant that flourishes in areas of shade, moisture and low turf quality. David said that it’s easier to prevent moss than treat it, so here are ways to avoid a moss invasion. He said: “If shade is causing the moss in your lawn, you can reduce that impact by cutting back overhanging plants or trees to allow more sunlight to the grass. If it is a drainage issue, perform a hollow tine aeration treatment to allow better drainage through the soil. By improving surface drainage, moss is less likely to reoccur. “You can also ensure that you are not mowing your lawn too short, as that can cause the grass to be damaged and slow down growth, which then gives the moss an opportunity to take over your lawn.” READ MORE: ‘Correct’ way to remove ‘yellow stains’ from pillows without scrubbing People often think the rain will naturally provide a lawn with all the water it needs. But if the last few months have proved anything, relying solely on the weather to keep our lawns green does not work. Of course, your lawn can survive a few weeks of drought, but it will eventually thin the turf and create an ideal environment for weeds to invade. So for those who want a healthy lawn they need to be watering their grass. David advised: “When it comes to watering your lawn, be proactive rather than reactive. At the first signs of it going brown, gardeners should water their lawns to keep it a luscious green. Just remember, it’s much easier to maintain a healthy lawn than to let it go brown and fight to get the green back. “The average lawn needs around one to one and a half inches of water a week, although it will vary according to your soil and grass type. It’s best to water once or twice a week; deep and infrequent is better than often and shallow.” The lawn pro said: “Another mistake gardeners often make is watering at the wrong time of day. “While you have probably heard a lot of people say it’s best to water at night, the reverse is actually true.” Gardeners should water as early in the day as much as they can. This gives the water a chance to soak into the turf before the day gets too warm and it evaporates. David warned: “In the evening, the wet and dark conditions create an ideal breeding ground for causing lawn disease that can damage your turf, so avoid watering in the evening as best as possible.”