Professional boxer Shannon Courtenay is a former world title holder, having won the WBA female bantamweight championship in 2021. Known as the Baby Faced Assassin, Shannon isn't one to be messed with in the ring and so to push herself to her limits, she signed up for Channel 4's Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins. It is in the very first episode though that fans see a very different side to Shannon than they are used to. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins.Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins returns on Sunday, September 4, where fans get to see 14 famous faces take on mentally and physically stressful challenges in an attempt to pass the SAS Selection test. In episode one, the group are brought to the middle of the desert in Jordan where they must put on their boxing gloves and fight one another. The point of the task was that you are not always going to want to fight your enemies but you must get over that mental barrier and fulfil the mission at hand. While it was assumed this was going to be an easy task for professional boxer Shannon, 29, she was among the stars who found it the most difficult. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash Speaking to press including Express.co.uk, Shannon explained: "I had never seen it but I was told there was a boxing challenge and I said from the get-go I'm not doing it, because it's my profession, it's what I do for a living. "Not even just the way that I know to punch someone, I know how to take a punch whereas others didn't. "I just felt super, super uncomfortable taking part in it so when we got there, they said to me straight away number 11, you're first, you choose who you are going to fight.' "So I looked at the line-up and everyone looked terrified. "They were putting their heads to the ground, they looked so scared to fight so I thought I'm going to take one for the team and take the biggest person so I picked Calum [Best]." Just before they were about to get into fight mode, Shannon told TV personality Calum that he can punch her as much as he likes and she "won't go down". But in the end, staff said that if she didn't throw a punch, everyone would be punished and so Shannon gradually started to fight back. She admitted that she "wasn't comfortable hitting someone outside of the ring" and didn't like it when former Olympian Fatima Whitbread took on Love Island star Amber Gill. Shannon couldn't help but cry when the two fellow contestants were battling it out in front of her. DON'T MISS...BBC Breakfast viewers blast ‘car crash’ Pam Ayres interview [REACTION]Strictly stars swap the ballroom for the battlefield [CAST]Strictly and EastEnders stars sign up for brutal SAS Who Dares Wins [LINE UP] Shannon then surprisingly revealed that she has never been someone who liked fighting as you would expect. She said: "I know it's weird because I'm a boxer but I actually hate violence. "I can't watch violent films, I can't stand blood so I kept turning my back and the staff were shouting at me 'watch them!' and I was standing there in tears. "I hated the whole thing, horrible for me." Shannon will be starring alongside 13 other celebrities who signed up for the gruelling Channel 4 series. Some of these include TOWIE stars Pete Wicks and Ferne McCann, track sprinter Dwayne Chambers and actresses Maisie Smith and Jennifer Ellison. But how will all of them cope as the challenges continue to grow in difficulty as the SAS Selection test progresses? Celebrity SAS: Who Dares Wins premieres on Sunday, September 4, at 9pm on Channel 4.