Leader of the revived Forza Italia party Silvio Berlusconi recently met up with European People’s Party leader Manfred Weber in a bid to reassure Italian voters by outlining in the run-up to the looming elections in Italy. As the Italian leader stated in an Instagram post after his meeting with the president, Mr Weber and Mr Berlusconi sought to win over support with their firmly pro-European stance. In the video uploaded by the former Prime Minister of Italy, he outlined the commonalities between the two centre-right parties regarding the country’s position and role in Europe. In the video posted on Mr Berlusconi’s social media, the leader introduced Mr Weber as “the president of the most important political family in Europe: the European People’s Party.” Mr Berlusconi said: “He has come to Italy to support us with his authority and with the relevance of our party, I say ‘ours’ because we proudly represent it in Italy.” The Italian leader strongly underlined the commonalities between the two political groups, in an attempt to show the more conservative side of the country what Forza Italia aims to represent in the upcoming September elections. He added: “We have talked about many topics, of the next government, that has to firmly be a pro-European government because Europe needs to have its countries united together in order to have a single foreign policy and a single defence policy.” JUST IN: Macron pats himself on back as he gushes over 'having proven Brexit wrong, EU is stronger' Italian voters will be called to the polls for the renewal of the parliament following the 2022 Italian government crisis on Sunday, September 25, from 7:00 to 23:00. The crisis began on July 14, when the former Prime Minister and leader of the Five Star Movement (M5S) Giuseppe Conte revoked his support for the national unity government of Mario Draghi. The Government fell a week later when the M5S, Lega, and Berlusconi’s Forza Italia did not participate in a confidence vote. As agreed, the centre-right will pick their new Government leader from the party with the most votes in the polls. READ MORE: Europe faces nuclear meltdown: Power plant bombs spark emergency SHUTDOWN –radiation fears In the running for the top job are Mr Berlusconi alongside Lega's Matteo Salvini and Brothers of Italy's (FdI) Giorgia Meloni, who both expressed notably anti-EU positions in the past. The Forza Italia leader decided to use Instagram to post the meeting with Mr Weber and show the president’s approval of his party in these upcoming elections. As Mr Weber explained at the end of the clip, the European People Party “is supporting strongly” their “friends from Forza Italia, strongly supporting Silvio Berlusconi for the campaign as a guardian of a pro-European government for the future.” The two politicians agree on a government that has to be pro-European, with Mr Weber urging anyone that believes in a strong process of integration, to put their faith in Forza Italia. The EU Chief explained how in a time of crisis, where people are concerned about gas prices, the war in Europe, inflation, and jobs, there needs to be a strong European Union. DON'T MISS: Brexit live: EU in HUGE bust-up as Germany blocks Ukraine training (LIVE)Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview (REVEAL)Certain amount of daily exercise could add two years to your life (INSIGHT) He added: “Forza Italia is an experienced force” and with Silvio Berlusconi as a leader there is a powerful enough party to “stand in front of this situation and fight for progress." On Thursday, Mr Berlusconi also announced the opening of his official TikTok page @silvio.berlusconi - which reached 134.2K followers and 2.1M views on his first ever video in just a few hours. The leader presented the channel as a platform where he will be talking about what both him and Forza Italia strongly believe in. He talked to Italian youngsters, over 5 million on TikTok, about the reasons behind the opening of the profile, which he explained will be used to talk about their future and “to make their dreams come true.” This is not a new move, as many other leaders have recently created similar accounts in an attempt to reach and eventually gain the youth vote in the upcoming elections.