With energy bills on the rise, Britons are looking for ways to save money on their utilities in any way they can. For some people, it may be as simple as switching off appliances left on standby, switching lightbulbs or putting less water in the kettle. However, there are other ways to save on energy bills which includes how you use your oven. Most people will use their oven daily or more, depending on the size of the household. But ovens can be costly to run with the average electric oven costing 59p an hour to run with standard electricity costs being £0.28 per kWh in the UK for the price cap period from April 1 to September 30, 2022. This works out at a staggering £215.35 per year, according to Chef’s Pick. Now, Pranjal Arya, Chief Commercial Officer from Hometree, the boiler and home cover provider, has shared four ways Britons can be more energy efficient when using an oven. READ MORE: Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills Ceramic or glass retain heat extremely well which means homeowners can set the heat lower on an oven as a result of their increased efficiency. Therefore, cooking in a ceramic or glass dish will keep food much hotter. This helps people avoid having to reheat any food which can waste more energy in the long-run. Pranjal explained: “Every time you open the oven door, your oven will lose heat, meaning it will need to use more energy to get back to the right temperature. DON'T MISSInside Anmer Hall: Kate and William's home they'll keep after move [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [UPDATE]Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [ANALYSIS] “Therefore, try to minimise the number of times you open your oven door. “You can try to time your food as accurately as possible so that you only open the door to take it out when it is ready.” Taking food out the freezer the day before will help to save energy because the food will defrost in advance. Homeowners won’t need to use their microwaves to thaw out food or cook it in the oven for a longer period of time. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Pranjal added: “These small adjustments to your everyday activities in the home can make a significant difference to your overall costs.” Instead of switching on the oven, use a slow cooker which uses very little energy. Stews, bolognese, soups and even desserts can all be cooked in the slow cooker instead. It’s also a great option for leaving food to cook slowly throughout the day while people work or are busy with other things. Pranjal also believes that while keeping appliances serviced and in good working order will save money on energy bills, there are other ways to be cost-effective and aware of the amount of energy being wasted. He said: “Arranging an energy audit will automatically help you save money, as it’ll help you be aware of your items' condition and whether they are running at the most efficient level. “An energy audit will identify any areas where there’s excess energy waste and help you adjust your usage to help you minimise waste. “Whilst keeping appliances maintained is all well and good, it can also be extremely time consuming and still eventually lead to repairs or replacements. “Therefore, it is important to try and be as energy efficient around the house as possible during these financially difficult times.”