This savings account is rated in the top 10 ISAs currently on offer and could appeal to savers who may need to access their savings but also want to benefit from their ISA allowance. Savers only need £1 to open an account and it could help them save a large amount of money without having to pay tax. When it comes to choosing between savings accounts and ISAs, the general rule of thumb is that ISAs are better for saving large amounts of money. During the 2022 to 2023 tax year, Britons can save up to £20,000 tax free by using their ISA allowance. Typically, ISAs aren’t easy to access, which means it can be difficult for people to feel comfortable putting money into an ISA in case something goes wrong. However, Tesco Bank has increased the interest rate on its instant access ISA to a competitive 1.51 percent. READ MORE: Single mum’s money saving tip could save £3,500 The account has moved into the top 10 compared to similar ISAs, according to the experts at Moneyfacts. Finance Expert, Eleanor Williams said: “One of the accounts to receive a rate increase from Tesco Bank this week is the Instant Access Cash ISA. “Now paying 1.51 percent, this deal improves its position and holds a place in the top 10 compared to other similar ISAs currently on offer. "Savers who are looking for a flexible account and who also wish to utilise their ISA allowance may be tempted by the fact this account allows both unlimited deposits and withdrawals and can be opened with deposits of as little as £1." DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] She continued: “Savvy savers may be wise to schedule in a review though, as the bonus portion of the rate expires after 12 months and the rate paid will then reduce. “Overall, this ISA earns an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” Better interest rates are available if people can afford to put their money away for longer. OakNorth Bank has a 12 Month Fixed Rate Cash ISA which pays 2.51 percent gross, but customers need to be confident they won’t need to access the money. Better savings rates are available through savings accounts, however people won't get this rate on the ISA allowance of £20,000. Savers who are looking for a regular savings account could get five percent interest with the Yorkshire Building Society. However, the maximum they can save is £500 per month and the rate ends after 12 months. This makes it a better option for people who are looking to save less, but regularly.    Tesco Bank ISA offers: