On Wednesday, a poll tracker by Britain Elects discovered that more British voters currently trust the Labour party more with the economy.  Britain Elects has found that 33.1 percent of Brits trust Labour more on economic policies compared to 32.2 percent of those supporting the Conservatives. It is the first time Labour has been in the lead since 2008 when the worldwide economic crisis occurred. This week, another poll tracker by Electoral Calculus found that Labour is currently a more popular choice than the Conservatives when it comes to voting intentions. It predicted that Labour is currently in the lead with 42 percent of the vote, followed by the Conservatives at 33 percent.  Last month, Keir Starmer announced that the Labour party would freeze the energy price cap in order to solve the cost of living crisis. The Labour leader said energy bills should be frozen at their current level of £1,971 in October for six months in order to protect households. He said the cost of freezing energy bills could be funded by increasing the windfall tax on oil and energy companies. Both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak have promised plans to end the energy crisis. Mr Sunak has said the Government “must provide some direct support” to British households. When he was Chancellor, Sunak announced a policy to give households £400 off their energy bills for this upcoming winter. Meanwhile, a source close to Ms Truss has “ruled out” further direct support for energy bills, but the Foreign Secretary has confirmed she will cut National Insurance and green levies on bills in an effort to tackle the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Dan Wootton slams Keir Starmer over Corbyn U-turn  Sir John Redwood, who is predicted to become of Ms Truss’s economic advisers, criticised Labour's economic plan. Sir John said: “Banning price rises cannot work because companies need to be able to cover their costs.” He added on Twitter: “If Labour thinks Government can keep prices down by simply passing a law why don't they propose we do that for food, clothes and many other things as well as for energy? “Try this and end up with empty shelves. The Venezuela model leads to poverty.” DON'T MISS: Meghan's White House dream in tatters - Pelosi office 'laughs' at plan [REVEAL]'That's his playbook!' Boris to follow predecessor's guide to comeback [INSIGHT]Gove tipped to QUIT as an MP with crunch by-election alert sounded [REPORT]  