Mariah Carey, 53, shared her thoughts on the awkward moment she called Meghan Markle, 41, a "diva" on her Archetypes podcast. The singer took to Twitter to explain that she used the word "diva" in an "empowering" way, while calling Meghan "fabulous" and "gorgeous". Mariah took to Twitter this afternoon, explaining in view of her 21.8 million followers: "Really enjoyed talking to Duchess and Diva Meghan Markle about 'The Duality of Diva'. "Yes! I called her a diva, in the most fabulous, gorgeous, and empowering meaning of the word!!! #Archetypes." Sharing also the podcast link, fans flocked to the comments to share their opinion on the reasoning behind the comment. Lebenj37 said: "This was such an insightful conversation and something I've been secretly hoping would happen since Meghan's groundbreaking Oprah interview last year. READ MORE: Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 "2 powerful women who definitely deserve more respect." (sic) Sc0rpioriah added: "Diva is only a negative word if you're intimidated by a powerful woman / you have internalised misogyny i guess." (sic) However, hundreds rushd to the post's comments to share their distaste over the episode. 22AnnieAnn said: "This is what pressure looks like. So you’re not so big Mariah. Still bowing to the pressure of others." 3hpypetsz commented: "Yes. MM is a Diva. 'A self-important person who is temperamental and difficult to please'. Sounds like her." In a voiceover at the end of Meghan's second Archetypes episode, the Duchess said the "diva" remark left her worried about the "nonsense" Mariah might have read about her. During the 46-minute episode, Mariah told the former Suits actress: "You give us diva moments sometimes, Meghan. Don't even act like ..." Startled, Meghan replied: "What kind of diva moments do I give you?" DON'T MISS... TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [DEATH] Nicola Peltz 'never intended' to wear Victoria Beckham wedding dress [INSIGHT] James Whale shares update from hospital amid kidney cancer treatment [HEALTH] Speaking at the end of the podcast, Meghan said: "It was all going swimmingly, I mean really well, until that moment happened, which I don't know about you but it stopped me in my tracks when she called me a diva. "You couldn't see me, obviously, but I started to sweat a little bit. I started squirming in my chair in this quiet revolt. "Like wait. What? No. What? How could you? That's not true. Why would you say that? "My mind genuinely was just spinning with what nonsense she must have read or clicked on to make her say that." The Duchess mentioned that Mariah was quick to reassure her that she meant the label in a "chic" and "aspirational" way. Meghan said: "She must have felt my nervous laughter and you all would have heard it too, and she jumped right in to make sure I was crystal clear. "When she said diva, she was talking about the way that I dress, the posture of clothing, a quote unquote fabulousness as she sees it. "She meant diva as a compliment. I heard it as a dig. Heard it as the word diva as I think of it, but in that moment, as she explained to me, she meant it as chic, as aspirational."