Most recently, two researchers have documented the health benefits of an animal by-product, from its weight loss benefits to its anti-cancer properties. What is it? Michael Puglisi and Maria Luz Fernandez, from the Department of Nutritional Sciences at the University of Connecticut, US, reviewed the beneficial components of eggs. "Eggs contain several nutritional components, which protect against chronic disease," the research paper noted. Properties include: lutein, zeaxanthin, choline, vitamin D, selenium, and vitamin A. While eggs are high in dietary cholesterol, they are "not a concern for cardiovascular disease risk". The research paper – published on July 15, 2022, in the journal Nutrients – stated that it's the egg protein that has "anti-cancer effects". Furthermore, the egg protein can decrease a person's appetite, therefore reducing calorie intake and aiding in weight loss goals. DON'T MISS: Eyesight: Hot drink enjoyed by billions can 'dehydrate' the eyes and cause 'vision loss' Egg proteins also protect against low blood pressure, which can lead to fainting, for example. As older adults are more vulnerable to falls, due to softer bones, minimising such risk is advantageous. Yet, just by eating eggs for breakfast, you can help protect against sarcopenia, which is age-related, involuntary loss of skeletal muscle mass and strength. The researchers emphasised that egg proteins are "important to skeletal muscle health". Moreover, eggs are "highly digestible and are an excellent source of essential amino acids". Nutritionist David Wiener said: "There are so many different types of eggs to choose from. "And there are many different factors that distinguish them from each other; these include: colouring, labels, and grade. "Overall, the best eggs to buy are pasture-raised eggs; these are from chickens that are able to roam freely, that have access to natural light and air." Wiener emphasised: "A healthy chicken equals a healthy egg; pasture-raised eggs are lower in saturated fat and are richer in vitamins A, E, C and D." The cholesterol charity Heart UK pointed out that over 90 percent of the eggs produced in Britain qualify for the British Lion Egg Standard. The lion trademark stamp ensures "quality, freshness and safety", which also show a revealing code. The code (which you can learn how to read here) shows how the hen that laid the egg was farmed; for example, whether it was free range, organic, barn, or caged. The charity also approves of eating eggs, which can be part of a well-balanced and varied diet. "They’re packed full of good stuff," the charity confirmed, "because they contain everything a chick needs to grow and develop before hatching." The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) does, however, advise against eating raw eggs as it can lead to "serious illness". David wiener is a training and nutrition specialist at global leading fitness app Freeletics.