Antony has admitted he sees real potential in the current Manchester United squad after arriving from Ajax on transfer deadline day. The Brazil international has joined Tyrell Malacia, Lisandro Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Casemiro in moving to Old Trafford. And he’s also elaborated on his challenging past, revealing he’s had a tough upbringing as he looks to make his mark in the Premier League. Manchester United confirmed their capture of Antony on Thursday morning, with the Brazil international moving from Ajax for an eye-watering £84million. And, speaking to club media, the 22-year-old has admitted he was impressed by the current squad in their recent 2-1 win over Liverpool. Antony watched the match with his agent that day, with the Samba star then forced to delete an image he posted to social media. He said: “Of course I watched it. “When United scored I celebrated as if I was a fan in the stands. “I watched the game closely and attentively, what stood out was the desire, the unity of the team, the fire in their bellies, the desire to play. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all “That's what delighted me about the team. I absolutely watched the game, every minute of it and was really happy with the win and celebrated a lot.” While Antony is now on the right track to achieve superstar status, he hasn’t always had it easy in life. The Brazil international has recalled that he and his family didn’t have much to eat growing up, insisting he ‘went through a lot’. “A long story. I went through a lot, a lot of difficult moments in my life,” said the forward, whose new shirt number isn’t yet known. “I know that this will be another challenge. I went through a lot in the past, no football boots, nothing to eat, three or four in the morning bailing water out of my house as it had flooded. “They were very difficult times but I went through it all with a smile. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “I’m certain it was all worth it as I'm reaping the rewards now for what was planted in the past. “Those moments have contributed to everything I'm now experiencing. I have another challenge now and a lot of stories to tell you, I'll tell you more another day. “I feel honoured to be here after everything I went through in the past. Today I can see it was all worth it.” Antony is also keen to stress he’s a family-orientated person, with the Brazil international explaining what he’s like away from the field. “I'm a very relaxed and family-orientated person, I've got my son who I love to spend time with,” he said. “I like being at home with friends, chatting and having a laugh. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “I’m very family-orientated and a home body, but I like to have a lot of people in my house, friends to have a good time and a laugh with. “My brother, he's here with me now as well. He's somebody I see as my idol, always been alongside me throughout my life, during the saddest and happiest times. “I want him to experience everything alongside me. I love him dearly and he's my greatest idol.” In Antony’s own words, moving to United is a ‘dream’ - especially after living in a favela during his upbringing. “I played in my community, I lived in a favela, I lived there until I started playing professionally at Sao Paulo,” he stated. “People wouldn't believe that after seeing me on TV I'd be going back home to the favela at full-time. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “I didn't have the means to leave. My memories are playing barefoot as I didn't have any boots, playing on the yard with my friends, from afternoon ‘til evening playing football there. “They are happy memories, I'm not embarrassed to share them. Everything I went through was worth it to be having this experience here today. “I’ve always been very persistent, when I want something I go after it until I get it. “I always had plan A to be a professional footballer, there was no plan B. It was always plan A, I was going to carry out plan A to make it and fulfil mine and my family's dream. “I always had this in mind, I can't imagine what I might have become, as I always believed I'd make it regardless of the difficulties I would face. I'm fulfilling my dream.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here