Prince William and Kate Middleton broke with tradition when it came to Prince George's godparents and chose a lot of their friends, rather than just other royals or high-ranking members of the aristocracy. The list includes Oliver Baker, Emilia Jardine-Paterson, Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton, Julia Samuel, William Van-Cutsem, Zara Tindall and The Duke of Westminster. While one royal was honoured (Zara), the appointment that created the most excitement was the very young Duke of Westminster (then Earl Grosvenor) who is ranked as one of the richest billionaires in the world and owns huge portions of London.  Hugh Richard Louis Grosvenor was born on January 29, 1991 in London and was the third of four children who were born to the late Gerald Grosvenor, 6th Duke of Westminster and his wife, Natalia. He was educated at a state primary school and then went on to study at the private Mostyn House School in Cheshire. Hugh continued his education at Ellesmere College and then earned a degree in countryside management from Newcastle University. He became the 7th Duke of Westminster when the former Duke sadly died from a heart attack at the age of 64. READ MORE: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast   At the time of his succession, he inherited an estimated wealth of £9billion and gained several new estates. Hugh also became the head of The Grosvenor Group upon his father's death which means he owns several huge areas of London, as well as land and over 1,500 buildings all across the world. In London, the group owns Park Lane, half of Mayfair and 300 acres of Belgravia. The family also has several enormous estates including Eaton Hall in Cheshire and the Abbeystead Estate in Lancashire, as well as homes in Scotland and Spain.  Some of the most notable buildings owned by the group include the Liverpool One shopping centre, a residential tower in Tokyo, a large chunk of Silicon Valley in California and Annacis Island, near Vancouver. Hugh is the world's richest person aged under 30, according to The Sunday Times Rich List. His family is ranked 12th place on the list. While he is unmarried, his two elder sisters are Lady Tamara Katherine Grosvenor and Lady Edwina Louise Grosvenor. READ MORE: Kate and William grasp for 'far more freedom' after children 'haunted' The former married Prince William's close friend Edward van Cutsem in 2004 and has three children, Jake, Louis and Isla van Cutsem. Lady Edwina married TV presenter and historian Dan Snow in 2010 and also has three children, Zia, Wolf and Orla. While Prince George is lucky enough to have such an exciting godfather, it is unknown who his cousins, Archie and Lilibet, have as godparents. At the time of Archie's birth, it was announced that the identities of his godparents would remain “private”. Three of his godparents are reported to be Tiggy Pettifer, Mark Dyer and Charlie van Straubenzee, although this has not been confirmed by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The news of these three individuals being godparents was reported in the Sunday Times in January 2020. As for Lilibet, it is still unconfirmed whether or not she has been christened in the UK or in the USA. Therefore, her godparents are also unconfirmed.