Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel fumed at Conor Gallagher for not playing a pass quickly enough in the Blues' Premier League clash with West Ham, a video of the German has shown. Gallagher had the opportunity to play a pass to Reece James as the midfielder ventured forward against the Hammers but the attack was soon closed down. Tuchel could be seen urging his team forward with the score at 0-0 in the first half. In the clip taken by a fan in the seats behind the Stamford Bridge dugout, Gallagher dribbles forward with the ball and wing-back James can be seen speeding forward on a marauding overlap. The Chelsea head coach is seen urging Gallagher to make the pass, and grows tetchier the longer the academy graduate stalls. As Gallagher turns backwards, Tuchel jumps, turns around and claps in anger. It comes just seven days after Tuchel told Gallagher that he had to take "responsibility" for the sending-off that put his team-mates at a major disadvantage against Leicester. He was red-carded in the first half for a second yellow card, with Chelsea able to overcome the numerical advantage by winning 2-1. Gallagher returned to Chelsea in the summer from an excellent loan spell at Palace, in which he won the club’s player of the year award. He turned down several offers in the transfer window in a bid to impress Tuchel and become a key player for his boyhood club. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk.   