Arsenal may reportedly need to come back with a third offer for Douglas Luiz as Aston Villa chief executive Christian Purslow wants in excess of £30million for the midfielder. Arsenal have moved quickly on deadline day to try and prise Luiz away from Villa Park. Their opening bid of £20m was quickly knocked back and have since returned with a second offer worth around £25m. The midfielder is reportedly pushing for a move to the Emirates and personal terms are said to be 'agreed'. But Arsenal appear to be a long way from agreeing a fee with Villa for the 24-year-old. Birmingham Live claim that Purslow is 'digging his heels' in talks with Arsenal chief Edu over a deal for Luiz. The main sticking point for Villa is said to centre around Manchester City's 20 per cent sell-on clause for Luiz. Pep Guardiola's side had originally inserted a £25million buy-back clause in Luiz's contract at Villa, but that expired in June 2021.  But the sell-on clause seemingly remains in place and any fee over £15m will reportedly see Villa pay 20 per cent towards City. Due to the sell-on clause, Villa are instead pushing for closer to £30m as the transfer deadline nears. Villa hold a weaker position in negotiations due to Luiz entering the final 12 months of his current contract. They risk losing him for nothing next summer, but Luiz has also been an integral part of Steven Gerrard's squad. He's been a bit-part player for Villa this season though, starting just one Premier League game. Luiz came off the bench against Arsenal on Wednesday night and scored directly from a corner to bring the game level, but Gabriel Martinelli won it for the hosts minutes later. DON'T MISS Villa have picked up just one win from their opening five league games, leading to questions on Gerrard's future at the club. And speaking after the 2-1 defeat to Arsenal, Gerrard also gave an update on Luiz's future at Villa Park. “I’m not in control of that. That will be Douglas, his agent and what happens around that," Gerrard said. “I’d like to keep him, he’s a fantastic player. I’ve made that abundantly clear. “We’re not in a position where we need to lose our top players but at the same time Douglas has got a year to go and it is one of those really touchy situations where the club has to do what is best for the club, even if it is not necessarily best for me.”