Aston Villa have decided they will not sell Douglas Luiz today, according to reports. Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal have all claimed to hold an interest in the Brazil midfielder. Luiz has entered the final year of his contract at Villa Park. Manager Steven Gerrard was not able to confirm if the 24-year-old would stay following Wednesday's 2-1 loss at Arsenal. However, Sky Sports claim Villa chiefs have decided they will not accept any offers for Luiz before the 11pm deadline.  If Luiz does stay and does not sign a new contract, he would be able to talk to foreign clubs from January in regard to a potential free transfer at the end of the season. Luiz joined Villa from Manchester City in 2019 and has become a key player for the Midlands club. He scored directly from a corner to equalise for Villa at the Emirates, the second goal of that kind he has scored in the last eight days. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  Gerrard insisted on Wednesday he had no power over whether Luiz stayed. He said: "I'm not in control of that. "There's two people, well, there's more than two people who are in control of that, but I'm certainly not one of them. That will be Douglas, that will be his agent and that will be what happens around that. "I'd like to keep him, he's a fantastic player, I've made that abundantly clear. We are not in position where we need to lose our top players, but at the same time Douglas has a year to go and it is one of them really touchy situations where the club has to do what is best for the club, not necessarily what is best for me." Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal are all in the market for a midfielder before tonight's 11pm deadline. However, it appears they will have to look elsewhere to Luiz. DON'T MISSArsenal have found long-term Elneny replacement amid two late pursuitsArsenal 'forced to wait for Barcelona' after three offers rejectedMan Utd have another Van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline day  Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel is eyeing up Ajax star Edson Alvarez, with a £43million bid submitted on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Liverpool are reportedly set to sign Juventus star Arthur on loan. The Reds are currently without Thiago Alcantara, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jordan Henderson due to injury. Arsenal have injury problems of their own. Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny are both absent. Manager Mikel Arteta has reiterated his desire to bring a player in to bolster his options before the deadline.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here