Mike Bushell joined Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt in the BBC Breakfast studio to pay tribute to his friend and former colleague. The sports correspondent reflected on his friendship with the broadcaster and admitted Bill had been a “mentor” to him during his stint on the BBC morning news programme. Mike began: “We knew him as a really serious correspondent but when he joined I was working with him, I did the odd Breakfast shift and I realised how funny he was, how he could change the mood brilliantly between the hard news and the lighter stuff. “He was so funny and we developed this banter and he was instrumental in getting me more regularly on BBC Breakfast. He became my mentor and so I owe him so much” Naga interjected: “I did my first ever presenting shift with him on Breakfast.” “I can’t believe it,” Mike noted and Naga added: “He drove this programme, didn’t he? Read more: Naga Munchetty fights tears as she pays tribute to Bill Turnbull “That’s what great presenters do and great journalists do and we are of course sending our thoughts and condolences to Bill’s family. We will miss him every much.” Charlie remarked: “One side of it is the professional side that we all knew well but the most important side is his family so we wish them all the best.” A statement from Bill’s wife Sarah McCombie read: “Our lovely Billy died yesterday evening almost five years after being diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer. “The last week of his life was very special, as the whole family was with him and we shared some wonderful moments. “Even though he was often in pain, Bill was dignified and brave throughout, and he was his usual determined self right to the very end. “Billy made us laugh every day and we are immensely proud of him – he was the heart of our family. It’s hard to imagine life without him.” Reflecting on her friendship with her former colleague, Naga praised the “funny” and “brilliant” Bill. “I think today, once we get over the shock of this, we will start to remember the really funny things that Bill did,” she said. DON'T MISSBBC Breakfast viewers heartbroken over Bill Turnbull's death  [INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull and former BBC Breakfast host dies aged 66 [INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull dead: Heartbroken Susanna Reid leads tributes [TRIBUTE] “When I presented with him, his energy was amazing, he came into this programme and threw everything at it. “Every single day he was funny when we sat here on the sofa, he was a brilliant journalist, and he loved this programme and loved serving you the audience. “I’m sure you will miss him but we certainly will too.” Charlie added: “He was a wise head and he didn’t take himself too seriously when he sat here which is a great combination.” The broadcaster died at the age of 66 after being diagnosed with prostate cancer. Bill announced he was fighting the illness while taking part in The Great Celebrity Bake Off for Stand Up For Cancer five years ago. Since revealing his diagnosis, Bill encouraged men to have a prostate screening which led to an increase in take up for the checks. BBC Breakfast airs on BBC One daily at 6am.