Vladimir Putin's war chest has been exponentially growing since the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine – especially from revenues garnered from energy exports. Though Russia's state-owned energy giant Gazprom has been reducing gas flows to the European Union – its bigger client – prices have been soaring, allowing Russia to fund its war machine. However, political scientist Benjamin Morel says the West’s economic sanctions are getting in the way of Putin equipping his troops. Pr Morel told French broadcaster CNews: "On the effectiveness of sanctions, on the effectiveness of sanctions, one must be more nuanced. "Russia is richer than ever, but why? "What is the purpose of money? Money is used to buy things. "But nobody wants to sell you (Russia) something." Citing the aftermath of the Second World War, Pr Morel said Russia’s economy was booming whereas Europe’s had collapsed. Russia then turned to key allies such as India and China to sell oil, but the exports failed to match the amounts sent to the EU. He said: "At the end of the Second World War, India and China buy oil. And so, Russia has currency. "But to buy what? To buy what? Again, at the end of the Soviet Union, the Russians had plenty of money. They had plenty of roubles but the shops were empty. "That's what Russia is facing. And that's the purpose of sanctions," Pr Morel said. READ MORE: Putin pays respect to Gorbachev as he flees to shady enclave Pr Morel clarified: "The purpose of sanctions is to prevent Russia from buying manufactured goods to renew its industry and potentially re-capacitate its troops tomorrow."  A CNews panellist retorted, pointing out the West’s sanctions are backfiring on Europe and the West, with galloping energy prices set to hit hard on the most vulnerable households. "But we are living in a situation that is untenable. How do you explain this to the people of Europe and the West?" she asked. Pr Morel interjected: "That's another subject. I am telling you that the sanctions as they stand are working rather well. Today, you have a Russian trade balance that is extremely positive." DON'T MISS:Putin sparks ‘sheer angst’ in Germany after gas cut [ANALYSIS] Putin's war set for new front as Ukraine targets Crimea bases [REPORT] Zelensky's border guards destroy ammo base and take out Russians [REPORT] Experts say that Putin’s energy war on the EU and the West will ultimately backfire, as the EU will eventually wane its off Russian energy exports and turn to new markets. The move would leave Russia without revenues from the EU’s energy market – one of their biggest clients before the invasion of Ukraine. EU’s Foreign Policy Chief Josep Borrell said the EU has brought down its Russia exports to 20 percent – down from 40 percent. READ NEXT:'Nine TIMES cheaper!' Boris unveils UK sitting on energy goldminePutin’s military crisis — Ukraine forces move to ‘strangle and weaken'Bulgaria breaks ranks with EU over Gazprom talksEnergy crisis lifeline as space-based power to deal hammer blow to PutAlcohol swigging Russian soldier KILLS two FSB officers 