Kate Middleton and Prince William have three children; Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Earlier this summer, the Cambridges announced they would be moving from Kensington Palace, London to Adelaide Cottage, Windsor, and with the downsizing comes a slight change in how their household will be run; less staff and the Duke and Duchess being more hands-on. During a previous episode of the podcast Royally Us, a royal etiquette expert spoke about Kate’s parenting style and how she shares two similar traits to Princess Diana; remaining calm and gracious. Micha Myer, a royal etiquette expert, explained “how Kate has prepared her children for royal life”. The expert revealed whether the royal children had any training for public events. Micha said: “Certain times, it’s actually been said and known that the children are not undergoing actual etiquette training, the Duchess of Cambridge is teaching them herself. “How it works internally, as they are preparing to meet someone, or are getting off an aeroplane then really the Duchess has been doing a wonderful job teaching the children and saying ‘Now we’re going to meet this person, this is what you’ll do.’ READ MORE: Four things we learned from Meghan Markle's second Spotify podcast “What I love is there doesn’t seem like there’s any pressure to be something they’re not - they’re just children and they’re showing respect and doing it in the best way that the Duchess and Duke have known to teach them.” The “glimpses that we’ve seen of the children in public, they seem as normal as possible can be in such an abnormal life”. The podcast host added: “You kinda get a sense of Princess Diana in the way Kate mothers her children, I’m sure she bases her [parenting] off her own mother too [Carole Middleton]. “Do you see some similarities between Kate and Diana?” DON'T MISS...DIY hair treatment to ‘strengthen’ & ‘promotes growth’ - 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Stop avocados from going brown - 5 food storage hacks to try [VIDEO]Menopause weight loss: Foods to avoid to lose 2lbs a week [GUIDE] “I really do,” Micha commented. “What she [Kate] has learned [from Princess Diana] is how to keep her calm. “Princess Diana was under so much stress and pressure all the time, and we’re seeing the Duchess of Cambridge follow that same path of keeping her calm - maybe behind closed doors she doesn’t feel like that - but she does an excellent job of not letting onto anything. She shows graciousness. “When the paparazzi calls at her or she is being questioned about awkward things, she always keeps her cool and I think that’s something she took from Princess Diana’s book for sure." Claudia Acott Williams, Curator of Kensington Palace also spoke about how Kate carefully manages her “children’s public image” compared to other royal mothers. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle “Duchess of Cambridge we know is a good photographer, a keen photographer,” Claudia explained. “And she has started releasing her own photographs of her children as a way of sharing their progress with the public “She’s taken a slightly different approach to how she manages her children’s public image," she added. "I think by releasing her own photographs, she’s maintaining an element of control and privacy for them whilst showing a much more intimate of royal childhood than we’ve seen before created by studio portrait photographers. “They are a mother’s eye view onto her children.” Claudia expanded: “[Prince] George is not looking into the lens of a portrait photographer he doesn’t know, he’s looking at his mother behind the lens and that is an unusual perspective and an intimacy that we often don’t get.” Another area Princess Diana may have inspired Kate is through fashion. In more recent years, the Duchess has been seen wearing a lot of dresses that are remarkably similar to what the Princess of Wales wore. Polka dots are having a mini-revival, especially with Kate who has been showcasing Alessandra Rich’s designs - a designer who dressed her mother-in-law.