Everton boss Frank Lampard has been left perplexed at how Virgil van Dijk escaped a red card for his challenge on Amadou Onana. Liverpool and Everton were evenly matched throughout the clash with both Jordan Pickford and Alisson pulling off important saves at crucial points of the match. Conor Coady thought he had given the Toffees the lead midway through the second half, but VAR replays showed that he was in an offside position. Pickford ended up being the hero for Everton in the end as Liverpool piled on the pressure pushing for a winner. But Lampard felt Liverpool should have been down to 10 men with 15 minutes remaining following Van Dijk's challenge on Onana. The Liverpool defender was going in for a 50-50 challenge, which left Onana in a heap on the floor. Referee Anthony Taylor gave Van Dijk a yellow card for the tackle with VAR not intervening to take another look at the incident. But replays showed that Van Dijk was perhaps lucky to escape further punishment as his boot went into the shin of the 21-year-old.  Lampard was left stunned that Van Dijk remained on the pitch when he saw replays of the incident. “I think it’s a red card," Lampard told talkSPORT. “I’ve been through a week where some people are questioning my players for time-wasting, a season last year where a lot of high-profile things went against us and now it’s just a pure red card. I haven’t even been asked about it in interviews yet. I’ve done all of the media, all of the TV and nobody asked me about it but if it was my players I’d be asked.  “I think it absolutely went against us. I love Van Dijk, I think he’s a fantastic player, I have no doubt over whether he’s going out to do people. But if you arrive late, you get a red card. I didn’t realise at the time, but when you see it again, it’s a clear red card. “If you talk about endangering an opponent, if you stop the incident when Onana’s leg is in the ground, it could break his leg. There’s no doubt about that. I don’t want to go on about this, last year I had a problem talking about things. “We had a lot that went against us last year and sometimes you’ve just got to say it as it is. And I haven’t been asked about it, which is strange.”