Arsenal technical director Edu held an ‘upbeat’ discussion with transfer target Douglas Luiz after the Gunners beat Aston Villa on Wednesday, according to reports. Luiz was the subject of repeated bids by Arsenal on Thursday but remained at Villa. Head coach Mikel Arteta was desperate to sign a midfielder before the 11pm transfer deadline. The Spaniard has lost Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey to injuries and shifted his transfer plan from signing a winger to acquiring a midfielder. Luiz was identified as a top target, with at least three bids reportedly being made for the Brazilian across the course of Thursday. Villa remained firm that the 24-year-old would not be sold despite only having a year remaining on his contract. It has now emerged that Edu and Luiz held a positive chat after the former Manchester City player scored in Villa’s 2-1 defeat at the Emirates Stadium on Wednesday evening. Luiz suggested that he wanted to make the move and made his desire to leave clear to Villa’s hierarchy. Transfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move That is according to the Guardian, who claim that a discussion between the pair was ‘upbeat’ and that Arsenal felt confident about completing a deal. They sensed a transfer could be possible, especially after Villa signed defensive midfielder Leander Dendoncker from Wolves. Wide-ranging reports suggest that a third and final bid in the region of £25million was placed by Arsenal a few hours before the deadline. Villa rejected the proposal and Luiz remained at Villa Park. Arsenal could revisit their interest in January or sign Luiz as a free agent next summer. It seems unlikely that he will sign a new contract at his current club. DON'T MISS...Arsenal poised for future Barcelona windfall due to clever clauseAubameyang delivers two-word message before Chelsea medicalArsenal see second Douglas Luiz bid 'rejected' in race against time The Gunners failed to make a deadline day signing despite Mikel Arteta claiming that one more deal could be possible. The North Londoners harboured an interest in Shakhtar Donetsk starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk but he remained with the Ukrainian side. Mudryk also had interest from Arsenal’s Premier League rivals Brentford but neither club made a formal offer. Arsenal had an excellent transfer window and are enjoying a fantastic start to the new season. The likes of Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko - both signed from Manchester City - have helped their new side maintain the only 100 per-cent winning start remaining in the top-flight. Having failed to sign a midfielder, Arteta will hope that Elneny and Partey return soon. Albert Sambi Lokonga was offered a rare start in the win over Villa.