Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag will face perhaps his toughest test of the season so far when Arsenal visit Old Trafford on Sunday. Although the Red Devils have already toppled Liverpool, the Gunners come into the tie protecting a perfect Premier League start and Mikel Arteta will hope to keep his side's momentum going. With Casemiro and Cristiano Ronaldo both in contention to start for United, Express Sport takes you through how they're likely to line up... The signing of Martin Dubravka on an initial loan deal is unlikely to pose any short-term threat to David De Gea's spot between the sticks. In fact, his status as No 1 appears even more solid than it did last season, when Dean Henderson was waiting in the wings should he make a mistake. With Henderson getting regular football on loan at Nottingham Forest, Ten Hag has seemingly put his faith in De Gea who, despite a dismal showing against Brentford, is now growing into the campaign. JUST IN: Arsenal 'likely' to seal January deal for another Brazilian after abandoning Douglas Luiz The same back four of Diogo Dalot, Raphael Varane, Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia have started each of United's last three games. Ten Hag is unlikely to change things around given that the new centre-back partnership and an energetic set of full-backs brought him three successive victories. The established trio of Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw will have to sit tight and wait for their next opportunity. Although still the captain, Ten Hag has openly discussed the notion that the armband won't necessarily land Maguire with guaranteed game time. JUST IN: Thiago Silva gave Chelsea board personal transfer recommendation that fell on deaf ears Having cost an initial £60m and won virtually every trophy under the sun, United fans know it is just a matter of time before Casemiro starts. That could come against a free-flowing Arsenal side that have emerged victorious from all five of their outings so far this season, with the Brazilian's steadying presence likely to be favoured over the unpredictability of Scott McTominay. Christian Eriksen and Bruno Fernandes can both provide creativity, with the latter in a more advanced role and beginning to enjoy his football again with the Red Devils. It remains to be seen whether Ten Hag is keen to drop one of them to the bench in favour of more stability, with Fred also in contention. Jadon Sancho and Marcus Rashford have both provided good energy for Man Utd over the past three games. The former scored the winner against Leicester on Thursday and, despite Rashford's shortcomings up top, his versatility could see him shifted out to the wing. After an impactful cameo against the Foxes, Ronaldo could play from the start against Arsenal with Anthony Elanga dropping to the bench. United fans may see a determined version of the veteran forward with the rollercoaster summer transfer window now fading in the rear-view mirror.