You have lots to be glad about and you count your many blessings. New responsibilities are coming your way and you can’t help wondering whether you are taking on too much. If you feel overwhelmed by a job or partnership that’s starting to take over your life, take a step back and think about what you really want to do. People are trying to ignore a problem but it isn’t going to go away. There are ways to remedy this situation. You will prefer to face it head on and sort this out before it gets out of control. Even if you don’t get any help to do so, you will deal with it and you will do so in a cool and critical fashion. Remembering past episodes where you made wrong choices is holding you back and making you uncertain. You need to have more confidence in yourself and in the decisions you are making. You don’t need anyone else’s opinion and you don’t need a bossy friend’s approval. Do something just for yourself.  An older relative will give you a number of reasons why you shouldn’t pursue certain aims. You can understand some of what they are saying but you have valid reasons of your own as to why you want to do this. It is what you want to do and where you need to be heading. You’re spending far too much on here today and gone tomorrow pleasures. You know this has to stop as you have told yourself this a few times before. Own up to the fact you’ve been getting carried away with the credit cards. It’s important to start living within your means. Your mind is hopping from one topic to the next as you try to keep up with someone who is jumping from one job to another. You feel you can’t keep up with them and this is making you confused. Force them to slow down if you are supposed to be working together.  A sports competition will require nerves of steel. You have trained a long time for this and you will handle yourself and the pressure incredibly well. When you make promises and commitments let people see you are serious. People need to know they can rely on you. A workmate or neighbour will be helpful in a personal matter. Be sure to thank them for their time. Benefit will come from activities that need teamwork and cooperation. A community exercise will also be your chance to get to know someone who has up until now just been a passing acquaintance. You will be expected to remain neutral in order to oversee a competitive process. A colleague who you thought enjoyed their work will hand in their resignation. They will be remembered for the big changes they helped bring about in working conditions and procedures.  Someone you know well has somehow got caught up in a scandalous or shocking incident. If you know they are innocent, offer your support and speak up for them. Conditions linked with a personal or professional partnership feel unsettling. You hate it when aspects of your life get messy. Make serious decisions only if you suspect you might be adversely affected by a dubious venture. You have some doubts about some involvements but it will take time for important information to become available. A big concern is the amount of influence some people have over this. You knew that sooner or later you would have to introduce new appliances to your home or workplace. That time now seems to have come. Specialised equipment and materials will help you complete your work more efficiently. An in-law’s description of a recent incident will amuse you. 