Meghan Markle recalled a terrifying incident from 2019 in the first episode of her podcast Archetypes, which was released on August 23. She recounted how a fire had broken out in her young son Archie's room, whilst the family were all on a royal tour in South Africa. Archie, who was only a few months old at the time, was under the care of a nanny. Meghan then questioned the importance of her royal duties by stating that, despite the scare, she was still forced to "go out and give another official engagement". The comments have come under fire and speaking in the latest episode of Royally Us, host Christine Ross pointed out to the Duchess that the "average person would have to go to work". Speaking to her co-host Christina Garibaldi, Ms Ross said: "I can see both ends of these comments. "[This is] in the sense that as a mum, especially a first-time mum, any incident is ten times more serious to you. She added: "Everything feels so much more emotional as a first-time moment about your baby, but on the other hand, it is true that most of us would still have to go to work. "The average person would still have to work, you know, even after something really scary has happened." READ MORE: Mystery as TWO Lion King stars deny speaking to Meghan Markle during London premiere Ms Ross added: "I'm glad Archie's safe." Speaking on the recent episode of Palace Confidential, the Daily Mail's Editor-At-Large Richard Kay also questioned the Duchess "dramatic" reaction to the incident, particularly because Archie was not present in the room. He said: "There is something about royals just carrying on and doing things. "But I think she was over-dramatising this particular episode." READ MORE: Royal POLL: Should Harry and Meghan lose their titles? It has been reported that the Sussexes had a "really awful experience with their first nanny", and, according Royally Obsessed podcast host Roberta Fiorito, the couple must have been "traumatised". Despite the incident about the firing of the first nanny being known, the couple have never spoken publicly about what happened and details have never emerged. Speaking on a recent episode of Royally Obsessed, Ms Fiorito said that speaking about the alleged fire incident was a "huge reveal from Meghan". Meghan and Prince Harry's last visit to the UK was in June, when the couple returned for Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL] The couple's two children, Archie and Lilibet, were in the UK with their parents, although the two little ones were never seen publicly. The couple only made a few appearances during the jam-packed bank holiday weekend. The Sussexes are set to return to the UK next week to attend a few events with charities "close to their hearts'. READ NEXT: