The Duchess of Cornwall is spearheading campaigns to get hundreds of primary schools in the UK involved in revolutionising libraries. It has recently come to light that one in four schools in the most deprived areas do not have a library. And despite experts agreeing that when children read for pleasure they get better grades at school, show more empathy towards others and report higher levels of wellbeing, there is no statutory requirement for schools to have one.  The National Literacy Trust and publisher Penguin Random House founded the Primary School Library Alliance to help transform 1,000 primary school libraries by 2025. The scheme helped to provide books, and give teachers the training and support they needed. Other programmes including the Puffin World of Stories and Chase Rewarding Futures school library programme are helping thousands of children find their passion in reading. The schemes will allow schools in the most disadvantaged areas to access these programmes.  Speaking to The Mirror, Camilla said: “We all know the power of a good book and the impact it can have on reading and writing skills, as well as wellbeing. “I am delighted that so many schools will benefit from this wonderful legacy of mini libraries and I’d love to see more children benefit from reading books like these to improve children’s wellbeing long into the future.” The Duchess visited Millbrook Primary in Newport, South Wales, earlier this summer to open their new school library. As part of her 75th birthday celebrations, Camilla unveiled her 'Birthday Books' scheme which aimed at giving 75 primary schools a wellbeing-themed mini library. READ MORE: US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage  The campaign reached 25,000 pupils in the first few weeks. Camilla added: “The Duchess’s Birthday Books kinderboxes are full of titles that promise endless adventure, comfort, excitement and joy to young readers.” Rebecca Colkett, English lead at Southern Road Primary School in Plaistow, East London, told how “unique and simple” the NLT programmes were to access, leading to huge benefits for her students. She said: “It couldn’t be easier to get involved, the help and assistance is there from day one and the impact it has had on our children has been immediate.  DON'T MISS:'Festival of Brexit' FARCE: £120m project falls flat [INSIGHT]Submarine officer sues MoD over objection to nuclear weapons [PICTURES]UK driver warning about £5,000 fine for taking pet in car [COMMENT] “For children who live and go to school in typically disadvantaged areas it’s a very real possibility that they may go through their entire childhood and not own a single book. “Having access to a school library can be absolutely vital in their development and overall wellbeing. “If you are a school wondering how you can improve your library or even start one up, this is the perfect opportunity.” The NLT is also launching the Reading Zone Challenge across the UK for the new school term, tasking pupils with reading two books and sharing their progress with their classmates. 