For many “opinion” has now been confirmed as indisputable fact. Chinese government abuse within the Uyghur community in Xianjiang is now officially accepted as being true. Predictably the minions of the Chinese Communist Party are screaming loudly that the UN report is “smears, lies, and slander”. Well, they would, would they not? The preparation of the report has by all accounts been thorough and transparent though. The final draft was sent to Beijing for Chinese government comment as standard protocol dictates, their response being characteristically bellicose, as usual, in matters critical of their actions. Zhang Jun, China's UN ambassador in New York, said his government was "firmly opposed" to the report's assessment. Mr Zhang however also maintained that China had not seen the report but was "completely opposed" to it. How exactly can you be “firmly opposed” to something if you have not seen it, Mr Zhang? At long last there is a global statutory body which has been able to publish an official document that is both critical and illuminating. And this despite concerted Chinese government efforts to suppress it. Interestingly though the four year term of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Michelle Bachelet expired just 13 minutes before the report’s publication. Perhaps this illustrates the level and intensity of Chinese “lobbying” for preventing said publication. Despite habitual Beijing bullying at the UN and elsewhere, Ms Bachelet stuck to her guns and delivered, for which she should be rightly commended. The report itself of course makes for very uncomfortable reading within the rank and file of the CCP. It details specific examples of systemic abuse and egregious human rights violations, accusing them of potentially constituting crimes against humanity. The Chinese legal system is grotesquely opaque and politicised, a fact well known. Anything that the Chinese authorities do not like is simply branded a pack of lies and a gross attempt to demonise China. But being part of the international order carries with it great responsibility. Geopolitics over the past 30 or 40 years has seen China take on the bulk of global manufacturing which crucially includes significant amounts of the world’s supply chain. As China becomes more openly belligerent on the world stage there is clear potential for adversarial blackmail on a colossal scale. Formally recorded Chinese human rights abuses are a much-needed boost to bringing this increasingly rogue regime to heel.