The best dressed royal male has been revealed, thanks to British menswear retailer TM Lewin. The brand analysed the best dressed men in Britain, and some members of the Royal Family made the list. TM Lewin analysed the names of actors, artists, and sportsmen born in London alongside key words such as “suit”, “style”, “wardrobe” and “outfit” to determine who amongst them has the most influential style. In 10th place was the only member of the Royal Family to make the top 10. Surprisingly, it wasn’t one of the younger royals, such as Prince William or Prince Harry but, rather, their father. The best dressed royal male, according to Google data, is Prince Charles. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's risqué nicknames for Prince William laid bare A spokesperson for TM Lewin commented on the findings, saying: “It is really interesting to see how varied the list is, from sportsmen to actors all the way to the royal family, as Prince Charles comes in tenth place. “This is a testament to how British style, and more specifically London style, can be appreciated by all, while at the same time keeping its iconic and characteristic designation.” Prince Charles often steps out in smart suits, usually in block colours. If the royal wears a beige blazer, he will almost always don a pair of beige trousers to match. The same goes if he wears a navy blue jacket, or a black one. In first place on TM Lewin’s list was David Beckham. The research revealed that the former footballer’s wardrobe is the most searched among Londoners, making him the most stylish man born in the capital. The former England star scored an average of 21,800 monthly Google searches. David has always been a fashion icon alongside his wife Victoria, who has her own clothing line. In second place, with 10,500 average monthly searches, was David Bowie. The singer’s eccentric sense of style, on top of his iconic music hits, made him a legend among the British public. Third on the list, with 9,400 average monthly searches, was Tom Hardy. The 44-year-old Londoner is one of the most popular actors of the last few years, appearing in acclaimed big screen titles such as Inception, Mad Max: Fury Road, The Dark Knight Rises, and Dunkirk. In fourth place was the late Alexander McQueen, fashion designer and couturier, who averaged 8,200 monthly Google searches. Number five on the list was Tom Holland, with 7,100 average monthly searches. The 26-year-old from Kingston-upon-Thames is a successful actor whose role as Spider Man in the Marvel films has skyrocketed him to fame. He is currently in a relationship with fellow 26-year-old actor Zendaya.