Charlene, Princess of Monaco, 44, took to Instagram on Friday evening to share a new picture of her seven-year-old twin children, Princess Gabriella and Prince Jacques. The Princess captioned the photo saying: "Gabriella gave herself, and her brother a haircut!!! Looking forward to school on Monday…" The twins begin their school year on Monday now that the summer holidays have come to an end. Princess Charlene is joking about the young royal tots who cut their own hair just before the start of term. Royal fans found the photo hilarious, writing underneath Charlene's post. One Instagram user, @f1girlclara said: "Hahaha we’ve all done this at some stage." READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle Similarly, @fabjous added: "Too cute the little hairdresser." Another fan, @vivalbamoebius wrote: "They are normal children and it is good that they are allowed to be free!" Royal watcher @forgracekelly commented: "Ahh Princess Charlene, they’re absolutely adorable!!" What is Princess Charlene's style of parenting?  Jo Austin, a parenting expert from Tayberry Tuition and Consultancy, previously spoke to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: "Princess Charlene and Prince Albert very much work together as a team, which any parent of twins will tell you is essential. "Charlene is bringing her children up very much in the public eye, and therefore disciplining her children must be discrete. "Bringing up twins, in particular, is difficult, as it’s very easy to parent them in the same manner, but every child is different and an individual. Whereas some are happy to be more independent, others need more reassurance." READ MORE: Princess Charlene is 'glowing' in colourful dress - 'She looks happy' Is Charlene similar to any of the British royals when it comes to parenting? Jo explained: "Charlene’s parenting is quite similar to many others in the British Royal Family. They all have full time jobs and royal engagements which they must attend, meaning that they can spend prolonged amounts of time away from their children. "The Queen had a variety of royal engagements to attend throughout her children’s childhoods, and so often left them at home whilst she went on tours. "Her parenting style could also be similar to that of Sophie Wessex and the Duchess of Cambridge, as they too were brought up out of the public eye, so therefore will be bringing their children up in a very different environment to how they were brought up." Is raising children in the public eye and/or in the Royal Family a much more difficult task than usual? Jo opined: "Raising children can be difficult at the best of times, but in our experience, those in the public eye are subject to an extremely high level of scrutiny, especially for those in the Royal Family. "Furthermore, members of Royal Families are subject to much more uncertainty surrounding their work and travel plans, which can present difficulties with bringing up children. "It’s important that Charlene is very discrete with her parenting, but she must also bring her children up in line with the public’s perception of a ‘good child’. They must be well mannered and polite, clean and tidy and sociable."