Following Ofgem’s announcement that the energy price cap will rise again in October, Britons are trying to find ways to save electricity, helping them to save money at the same time. Experts at boiler brand Worcester Bosch have shared their top tips on the simplest ways to do this. Worcester Bosch’s first tip was to “take control of your heating”. According to the expert, turning down the room thermostat just one degree can save families a whopping £105 a year. Aim for 17°C when you’re out and about, and a cosy 18°C to 21°C when you’re at home, the experts recommended. Martyn Bridges, Director of Technical Services at Worcester Bosch, said: “You cannot underestimate how important it is to take control of your home heating. READ MORE: Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items “These simple but effective changes, such as turning your radiator down by a single degree could have a significant impact on the planet and your savings too.” Martyn went on to advise cutting your shower down, ideally to around four minutes. By doing this, a household can save up to £70 a year. This also helps families reduce their water usage. “We all love having a hot shower, but a significant amount of hot water is used, contributing to energy usage and your bills,” Martyn explained. DON'T MISS:5 ‘paramount’ jobs to guarantee a ‘beautiful’ lawn this autumn [EXPERT]5 common laundry ‘mistakes’ to avoid when washing bedding [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [EXPLAINER] “Taking the steps to use showers instead of baths and using a timer to measure how long you are taking could be a simple step to lower your energy usage.” Making sure you keep the heat trapped inside your home is “an easy yet effective tip”, according to Martyn. Draft-proofing windows and doors could save a household around £45 a year. Additionally, insulating your hot water cylinder is a good idea as it reduces heat loss, resulting in the water remaining hotter for longer. This tip is a huge energy and money saver - saving households up to £145 a year. Martyn explained: “Trapping the heat in your home should be a priority. These small gaps needlessly bring the cold air in, reversing all the changes you have made to keep your home warm. “From little tasks like closing those gaps to slightly bigger tasks such as getting an insulated jacket, you’re not only protecting the planet, but helping lower your energy bills too.” Lastly, it is worth upgrading your boiler. By upgrading from a G-rated boiler to a more sustainable A-rated model – working at 90 percent more efficiency and saving up to 1,630kg CO2 every year – you’re not only managing your energy usage more efficiently in the longer term, but also saving the equivalent carbon off-set as planting 61 trees would do, according to Worcester Bosch. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This upgrade could save you £580. Heat pumps are a newer, efficient technology in the domestic heating industry. In simple terms they work by taking energy from outside and transferring it into heat for use in a heating and hot water system. The product and subsequent installation are more expensive than a boiler upgrade but once you have paid out the initial cost, changing from a G-rated boiler to a heat pump could save you a huge £910. In carbon saving, this is equal to planting 96 trees.