The Techne UK/ Express.co.uk tracker poll this week revealed that Labour’s lead over the Tories has risen to 10 - and this with one of the least charismatic leaders in history. The problems can no longer be put down to Boris Johnson who is on his way out of Downing Street, but the decision by the 1922 Committee chaired by Sir Graham Brady to give over the entire summer to the leadership contest. If evidence of this calamitous mistake was needed, we only need to check out the Techne tracker poll. In the week that Boris Johnson was forced to resign the poll published on July 8 showed Labour had a 12-point lead. But the inital attention created by a leadership contest helped turn the deficit around for the Tories. By August 19, the gap was just four points and it looked plausible the Conservatives could overhaul Labour as people began to wonder why the ruling party was doing nothing about the problems besetting the country. The slide began and last week Labour’s lead doubled to eight points before this week’s poll showed that deficit had increased to 10 points again. One former Tory director of communications, Nick Wood, blamed the party’s “navel gazing.” Over the summer the energy crisis has begun to spiral out of control, cost of living and inflation are heading in similar directions, schools and businesses fear that they will have to shut because they will not be able to afford heating bills and a zombie government led by Boris Johnson has been able to do nothing. Instead of answers we have had a serving Foreign Secretary and a former Chancellor taking lumps out of each other describing their opponent as "immoral" or "failing to grow the economy". One insider put it: "They have handed Labour and the Lib Dems the election laybook for the next two years." A total of 11 candidates, 12 husting and week after week of an internal squabble. But the outgoing Prime Minister is not actually to blame for this despite what some think of his goodbye tour. It was the 1922 Committee which forced him to agree to not introduce new policies as a price of staying in Downing Street while the contest continued. READ MORE: Voting ends but Sunak backers think he could pull off SHOCK win It was the same senior MPs who somehow thought that at a time of national crisis it was fine for the Government to be paralysed for an entire summer. A number of Conservative MPs now think that changes need to take place and those responsible for the mess including Sir Graham should resign. One former cabinet member said: “It was just lazy. They went for the easy option and thought we can sit back and let this take place over the summer.” Another MP said: There is no reason why we could not have concluded voting three or four weeks ago. The whole thing has dragged on ridiculously long.” Another simply said: “It’s embarrassing! No wonder nobody trusts us.” DON'T MISS Civil servants splurge £50,000 of YOUR money on 300ft high booze up [REVEAL] PM gives his 'final speech' but sounds like a man plotting a comeback [INSIGHT] POLL: Should the partygate inquiry be dropped? [REACT] Another unforeseen consequence for the 1922 Committee’s decision was it gave time for a Tory membership rebellion to gain momentum. Lord Cruddas, who wanted to force a rule change and put Boris Johnson on the ballot, came close to getting the 10,000 signatures required. It certainly gave him time to feed the discontent among members at their leader being deposed by a handful of MPs - a sitting Prime Minister with an 80-seat majority. It means that there is a chance that the party’s constitution will now be overhauled. But in the meantime, the new leader announced on Monday - Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss - will have a major political headache trying to make up the lost political ground created by the ham-fisted miscalculation of a contest which has gone on far too long.