The one qualification he allowed for and which is less often quoted was “unless they are cut off in midstream at a happy juncture”. It is fair to say that the downfall of Boris Johnson has not occurred at such an upbeat moment. With an energy crisis raging due to an unsettled war in Europe, general inflation out of control, key public services like ambulances and the police in obvious decline and strikes spreading fast, nobody could confuse autumn 2022 with the best of days. Yet a look at the ignominious departures of Johnson’s modern predecessors in Downing Street, stretching from Theresa May way back to James Callaghan – all harried out because they had been checkmated either by the electorate or internal opponents – suggests that Powell’s basic dictum was correct. It also implies that whether a PM making a sharp exit against his will has failed is the wrong question – of course he has. No, the more pertinent issue is whether his tenure was ever punctuated by success. And on this score Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson has plenty of which to be proud. Comparing him to his immediate predecessor, Mrs May, underlines the point. The duration of their respective premierships is very similar – she was in post for three years and 11 days, he will have served three years and 41 days when he steps down on Tuesday. The ENTIRE task of her tenure – the “you had one job” nub of it – was to implement the decision of the British public to leave the European Union. And she failed to do so. Not only that, but after inheriting a majority, albeit a slender one, from David Cameron, she lost it in a disastrous early election. Johnson by contrast inherited a nightmare from May – a hung parliament emboldened in its opposition to implementing Brexit by her dithering, along with a departure agreement with the EU that envisaged turning Britain into a vassal state, and which Brussels said could not be changed. In that context the Brexit deal he achieved, though far from perfect, was little short of miraculous. Indeed, it could fairly be said that he rescued our democracy by dint of showing notable courage as establishment forces sought to rip his reputation apart. The public saw that, even if most of the political class did not, and hence rewarded him with a landslide election victory in December 2019. Then came the Covid pandemic. A sloppy start ensued that nearly led to his own death, but once Johnson appreciated the full threat posed by the disease his ability to think outside the box achieved extraordinary results. The British vaccine task force that he set up led the world in protecting vulnerable citizens. We also led the world in our innovative economic response, with policies such as furlough staving off the threat of depression and mass unemployment. After having dealt with Covid, one might have thought Johnson was due some calmer waters. So he is entitled to think himself ill-served in terms of the “events dear boy, events” metric that Harold Macmillan deemed the most difficult part of being prime minister.  On the very day that Johnson was able to lift remaining Covid restrictions after seeing off the worst of the Omicron wave – February 24 this year – Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine. This time Johnson had got ahead of the curve, anticipating alone among European leaders the shocking extent of Putin’s expansionist ambitions and funnelling vital arms to the Ukrainians before Russian tanks rolled into their territory. No wonder he is feted as a hero in Kyiv. 