As BBC Breakfast paid tribute to the late Bill Turnbull, Louise Minchin explained how his decision to reveal his prostate cancer diagnosis helped to encourage other men to get checked. The BBC star spoke fondly of her former co-star before noting how one cameraman caught their cancer early due to Bill. Speaking to Charlie Stayt and Naga Munchetty, Louise remarked: “Just standing here today is an absolutely key example, Bill was very private about his family and his lovely wife and his children, of who he was so proud. “But he took that brave decision didn’t he to talk about his diagnosis with prostate cancer and it saved lives. “I’m standing here today with a cameraman called Bernard, who went and got checked because of what Bill said. “He had an aggressive form of cancer, it was caught, he had treatment and he’s here with me because of Bill. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife “That for me is a gift to everyone.” Naga agreed: “It is Louise, I did an interview yesterday on 5Live and at the end of the interview, someone had messaged in and said, ’I’ve just booked the appointment.’ “So even now Bill is making a massive difference.” Earlier in the programme, Louise recalled working alongside Bill on the iconic BBC Breakfast sofa.  “He was an absolute stickler for accuracy, both in grammar and spelling, I think he called it grammar hammer,” she laughed. “For example, on the banned list there’s legendary, iconic, unique, for example. “I am definitely a better journalist because I sat next to him with that rigour for hours and hours.” Following the news of Bill’s death, Louise paid a heartfelt tribute to the star on Twitter. DON'T MISS...Susanna Reid shares touching tribute to 'wise' Bill Turnbull [VIDEO]Bill Turnbull's Deborah James tribute after both battled cancer [INSIGHT]Journalist and presenter Bill Turnbull, 1956-2022 [OBITUARY] She told her 268,500 followers: “Sending my love and thoughts to the family of my wonderful friend Bill Turnbull. “He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about @BBCBreakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team-player. “Most of all he was great fun, I love how he made me laugh. Xx.” Bill’s family confirmed he died aged 66 at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family. His family said in a statement: “He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues and messages from people wishing him luck. "It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease.” BBC Breakfast dedicated their programme on Friday morning to Bill. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.