Motorists are often conflicted as to whether to go for the more expensive premium option as it could be more efficient. However, according to motoring experts, there are better ways to improve a car’s fuel efficiency than overpaying for super-unleaded. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “Fuel efficiency is based on a number of factors such as driving style and car condition. “Super-unleaded is said to be more efficient as it can sustain a higher pressure before burning compared to standard petrol and features additives to clean the engine and help it run more efficiently, so less fuel is used, and the engine may be slightly longer-lived. “It is also said to be better for the environment. However, it is probably worth looking at other aspects that could be affecting your fuel efficiency, particularly during the cost of living crisis, before changing to premium fuel.” Tom Hixon, Head of Instructor Support at Bill Plant Driving School, echoed Ms Potter’s claims. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use a little-known speed bump technique to save fuel He told Express.co.uk: “Some motorists prefer to opt for premium unleaded over the standard fuel, which is advised if you drive a high-performance vehicle. “In most cases though, opting for premium fuel doesn’t have any additional benefits and can cost up to 15p a litre more on average, so it may be wise to opt for standard fuel in future”. Mr Hixon also provided his top five tips for reducing fuel costs in the coming months. DON'T MISS Drivers warned of huge fines for parking incorrectly at night [WARNING] Huge parking row erupts between neighbours as man erects barricade [INSIGHT] Drivers warned not to leave cars in certain places to save fuel [REVEAL] Although it may never have crossed drivers’ minds, a vehicle’s tyres will have an impact on the amount of fuel it uses. If the tyres aren’t inflated correctly the vehicle will experience more rolling resistance which will mean the engine has to work harder to compensate. During the summer months, motorists wouldn’t think twice about switching on their air con to cool down, but this is eating into the amount of fuel in the vehicle’s tank. READ MORE: Princess Diana ranked most influential royal for classic cars Reports suggest that air con can increase fuel consumption by 10 percent, so drivers may want to reduce the amount of time it’s on or open their windows instead, depending on the speed they’re travelling at. The way in which motorists drive can have an impact on the amount of fuel a vehicle is using and with this in mind, it’s important to drive as smoothly as possible. When stationary, drivers should start pulling off slowly and avoid braking harshly when they need the vehicle to come to a stop. Frequent gear changes and abrupt acceleration reduce fuel economy. Although all motorists should be sticking to the speed limit at all times, driving a vehicle faster results in higher fuel consumption. Reports have suggested that driving at 80mph on a motorway uses 25 percent more fuel than 70mph, which could have a big impact on the number of times drivers have to refuel. It is more fuel-efficient to remove any large loads from the boot or the back of the car because these can also cause the drag effect, as the vehicle requires more energy to keep going while carrying heavy items compared to driving light.