After England faced its joint hottest summer on record, BBC Weather's Louise Lear forecasted thunderstorms for the first weekend of September. While a yellow weather warning has been issued for Northern Ireland and southwest Scotland. She said: "Today is the first of September, the first day of meteorological autumn however, we still had some warm summer sunshine. "In east Sussex temperatures peaked at 26C this afternoon. Now there is a few thunderstorms across that east Sussex area all courtesy of a frontal system that spills up from France. "It's moving across the Channel. Showers are fairly isolated but some of them are quite beefy over the next few hours. "They're moving their way quite steadily up towards parts of Bristol and into the Cheltenham area as well." She added: "Into the weekend a change afoot. An area of low pressure arrives and it's going to stay with us for a few days at least. READ MORE: Spain weather warning: Holiday hotspot on HURRICANE alert "It is going to throw several frontal systems around in an anti-clockwise direction. "We'll see some showers merging together for longer periods of rain particularly across Northern Ireland and southwest Scotland. "Here we have a weather warning out for the intensity and the longevity of that rain. For elsewhere is will be a little more showery in nature. "Welcome news for gardeners and growers out there because it looks likely the first week of September will start to feel quite autumnal." It comes as the Met Office has revealed the storm names for the 2022/23 season. The new storms list - first launched in 2015 - for each year generally runs from early September until late August the following year, coinciding with the beginning of autumn. Members of the public can suggest names by emailing nameourstormsmetoffice.gov.uk. This year Daisy, Glen, Khalid and Owain came through e-mail submissions, while Betty won a public vote on Twitter, with more than 12,000 votes cast. DON'T MISS BBC Weather: Britain caught in 'pincher movement' as heavy storms [VIDEO]UK hot weather: TWO-DAY 26C blast to come crashing down [INSIGHT]Brits brace for potential weekend cyclone with stormy showers and hail [ANALYSIS] Storms are named when they have the potential to cause an amber or red warning. A list of possible names are compiled by Irish forecaster Met Eireann, the UK's Met Office and the Dutch national weather forecasting service KNMI. KNMI selected Antoni, Hendrika, Johanna and Loes, in honour of famous Dutch scientists. While Met Eireann chose Cillian, Fleur, Ide, and Nelly. Met Office head of situational awareness Will Lang, who leads responses in times of severe weather, said naming storms helped raise public awareness.