Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been accused of prioritising the Champions League over the Premier League as the Reds' poor start to the season continued with a 0-0 draw at local rivals Everton. The German coach brought off Trent Alexander-Arnold in the 58th minute and opted to start Kostas Tsimikas over Andrew Robertson at Goodison Park. Klopp's decisions were questioned after the draw, where former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch explained the decision to take Alexander-Arnold and Tsimikas off for James Milner and Robertson. "I think that was pre-planned," Crouch told BT Sport. "It was on the 60th minute, the way they took them off at the same time it felt pre-planned. Jurgen Klopp was looking towards the Champions League." Everton icon Duncan Ferguson was surprised at the moves. “Strange I thought," Ferguson added. "Taking off two good players really, pushed Milner at right-back against Anthony Gordon, went back a wee bit. When they made the change they weren’t as good as they were, taking off Trent he’s a top, top player. I was surprised with those changes to be honest with you.” MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move Milner was shifted to right-back to deal with Toffees star Anthony Gordon, while Robertson added attacking impetus on the left flank but Liverpool were unable to find a way past goalkeeper Jordan Pickford. The England man made several key stops, including a late fingertip to push Mohamed Salah's late effort onto the post. Klopp admitted Pickford made several "incredible" stops as Liverpool recorded their third draw of the season. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move  "I have no idea how the ball didn’t go in," Klopp said after the match. "We had three times post and a few incredible saves off Pickford, wow. What can you do? This game easy free-flowing it wasn’t possible, we had to dig in really deep, 0-0 sounds strange but that’s it." "It’s not so easy. Super intense week, Wednesday night really tough game had to go to the wire, few days later you play here. "Yes we had, especially last season where it might’ve looked slightly different, they were in a different moment at the time and if you open up with the goal the situation can look different. I don’t know how many derbies are played now but quite a difficult and always difficult here and it was today."