Game of Thrones spin-off series House of the Dragon has started to come into its own after launching recently. House of the Dragon consists of 10 episodes which air weekly rather than a mass drop like some shows. Here’s everything you need to know about when the next episode is going to be hitting screens. House of the Dragon episode three will be airing on Sunday, September 4 on HBO in America at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. Episode three will be airing on the American broadcaster’s streaming platform HBO Max for those who have subscribed to the service. The show is going to be simulcast with the UK, which means it will air for British viewers at Monday, September 5 at 2am BST on Sky Atlantic and streaming platform NOW. For those who weren’t able to stay up to watch the 2am simulcast, Sky Atlantic will repeat episode three at 9pm on the same day. READ MORE: Velaryon House: Who is in House Velaryon? Subscribers to NOW will be able to watch the show on catch up after this 2am broadcast or live stream if they choose to stay up to watch it in the early hours of the morning. Those in Canada, which is close to America in time zone, will be able to watch episode three at 9pm on September 4 on Crave. Latin American fans can watch it on HBO Max on September 4 at 9pm as well. If you’re in Spain, Finland, Denmark, Norway and Sweden, you can watch House of the Dragon episode three on September 5 at 3am on HBO Max. However, those in Portugal can watch the show at September 5 at 2am on HBO Max because the nation is ahead of its some of its European counterparts in timezones. Viewers in Italy can view the episode on September 5, 3am on Sky Italy, while German and Austrian fans can catch it at the same time on Sky Germany and Swiss fans can also watch at this time on local broadcaster RTS. Israel will be screening the next instalment on Cellcom on September 5 at 4am, while in the Middle East fans can watch on the same day but at 5am on OSN. Japan’s U-Next channel will be airing the episode on September 5 at 10am and Singapore will be making the instalment available on the same day on HBO Asia from 9am. For those in Australia - home to young Rhaenyra actress Milly Alcock - fans can watch episode three of House of the Dragon on local broadcaster Foxtel and streaming service BINGE from Monday, September 5 at 11am Australian Eastern Standard Time. In New Zealand, Sky SoHo will be screening episode three on September 5 at 1pm. This broadcast pattern follows Game of Thrones, which was one of the pioneers of simulcasts after different broadcast times led to a sharp rise in illegal downloading and streaming. In a bid to stop online piracy on such a mass scale, HBO set up a simulcast with Sky Atlantic and other global broadcasters as the show aired in multiple time zones at the same time. Given the phenomenal success of House of the Dragon, HBO has continued to simulcast to prevent piracy and it seems completely warranted given House of the Dragon’s premiere smashed many records. DON'T MISS...Who is the Crabfeeder? House of the Dragon villain explained [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon spoilers: How does Viserys die? [EXPLAINER]House of the Dragon spoilers: The link between Rhaenyra and Daenerys [IN DEPTH] Figures from the network show 9.986 million people tuned in for episode one, across both HBO in America and its HBO Max platform, which is available in multiple regions. The show has proved so successful, HBO has already renewed it for a season two which will continue to adapt material from George R.R. Martin’s Targaryen history book Fire and Blood. HBO executive Francesca Orsi said: "We are beyond proud of what the entire House of the Dragon team has accomplished with season 1. "Our phenomenal cast and crew undertook a massive challenge and exceeded all expectations, delivering a show that has already established itself as must-see-TV. "A huge thank you to George, Ryan, and Miguel for leading us on this journey. We couldn't be more excited to continue bringing to life the epic saga of House Targaryen with season 2." House of the Dragon airs on HBO on Sundays and Sky Atlantic on Mondays and streams on NOW