Kimberly Wyatt, 40, has shared an update after having to rush her son to hospital after he “couldn’t breathe”. The star took to her Instagram to make the announcement yesterday. The star addressed her 190,000 followers as she wrote in the caption: “My poor baby couldn’t breathe very well.” “We had to get an ambulance to the hospital. “I am so thankful for @thenhsengland. “Growing up in the states - the medical bills were always as big a worry as the health scare. Medical bills being the biggest cause of the bankruptcy. READ MORE: Helen Skelton struggles with 'feral' kids after Richie Myler split “I’ll never take this service for granted.” The snap showed her son Ford Senna Rogers, two, whom she shares with husband Max Rogers, 39, as he lay asleep on a hospital cot. The former Pussycat Doll added: “He’s got a little inhaler and is feeling much better. “I’m wrecked! First ride in an ambulance for me. No mum ever wants that for their child. “However he absolutely loved it, so grateful to the women in the ambulance that came for him, cared for him and kept him happy and calm.” Later last year, the star spoke about how she had to be sterilised after the birth of third child Ford. On an episode of Loose Women alongside Max, she said “sustainability” played a part in their decision, speaking to presenter Janet Street-Porter. Kim said: “Sustainability is such a big part of our focus as a family. DON'T MISS... 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT]Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow [ANALYSIS]Sue Barker 'upset & angry' after Cliff Richard 'dumped her over phone' [UPDATE] “Within a year of having our second child, number three showed up.” “When I had my third cesarean I was sterilised. I said to the midwife - who was called Jane, "clamp 'em hard Jane!"' The couple, who have been married since 2014, share three children together, daughter Willow, seven, and Maple, four, as well as Ford Senna. Max explained they didn’t realise Kim could be sterilised during the procedure, saying: “I was going to have a vasectomy. “But when she was having the C-section we were given that option, so Kim took that option.” Sterilisation involves surgically or non-surgically blocking or cutting a woman's fallopian tubes, making her permanently unable to get pregnant. When a woman undergoes tubal ligation, her tubes are either cut and tied or sealed with an electrical current, clamps or rings.