The BBC Breakfast host announced Bill Turnbull had died on the morning show. Naga Munchetty fought back tears as she recalled presenting alongside her colleague and sent a message of support to his family.  Naga remarked: “Our friend, our former colleague, a breakfast presenter many of you will be familiar with, Bill Turnbull who we have just had the news has died after suffering with prostate cancer.” Charlie read out a statement from Bill’s family as Naga added: “Of course all of us here sending love and support to Bill’s family, to his wife. “I think today, once we get over the shock of this, we will start to remember the really funny things that Bill did. “When I presented with him, his energy was amazing, he came into this programme and threw everything at it. READ MORE: ‘No way back' for Meghan Markle and Prince Harry with Charles “Every single day he was funny when we sat here on the sofa, he was a brilliant journalist, and he loved this programme and loved serving you the audience. “I’m sure you will miss him but we certainly will too.” Charlie added: “He was a wise head and he didn’t take himself too seriously when he sat here which is a great combination.” As Naga fought back tears, she directed viewers to the latest headlines in their local area.  Bill’s family confirmed he died at the age of 66 with a heartbreaking statement. It read: “Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31 August. “He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck. “It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease. DON'T MISS...Bill Turnbull's raw six word message during agonising cancer battle [INSIGHT]Bill Turnbull and former BBC Breakfast host dies aged 66 [LATEST]Bill Turnbull: Classic FM star on 'bumpy' cancer journey [INSIGHT] “Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes. “He was also a devoted Wycombe Wanderers fan and an ever-aspiring beekeeper. "Bill was a wonderful husband and father to his three children; his family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him." Bill’s former colleague Susanna Reid was quick to pay tribute following the news. She posted on Twitter: “Bill was the kindest, funniest, most generous man in the business. “I feel lucky to have worked with him and he taught me everything. “But above all, he was devoted to his family and I am heartbroken for them. RIP Bill. We will miss you so much.” BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.