Meghan Markle faced backlash after claiming in her latest tell-all interview a South African actor had compared her wedding to Prince Harry in 2018 to the moment Nelson Mandela was freed from prison. The Duchess of Sussex alleged a member of the cast of the live-action Lion King film made the comment as they met for its London premiere. But footage taken in South Africa at the time of Meghan's wedding to Harry appears to at least partially validate her suggestion locals felt pride about her becoming a member of the Royal Family. Video from South African broadcaster WN shows a group of royal fans gathered around a large TV screen showing the live coverage of the 2018 royal wedding. A woman donning a blue pillbox hat with a partial veil is seen looking at the proceedings trying to hold back tears, her hands covering her mouth and nose to mask some of the emotion visible on her face. Another reveller with a white fascinator can be seen gently dabbing her eyes as she dries her tears as she listens to St George's Chapel choir welcome guests and the royal couple before the ceremony. The two women are later filmed expressing their joy by exclaiming "oh my God" as Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are declared man and wife, with other members of the crowd erupting in applause. JUST IN: 'Strip titles' Meghan & Harry spark fury with new claim as US turn away  The woman in blue later told WN: "I came out today because a black girl is getting married to royalty. "Even though she's semi-black, it's something we should support because people out here are claiming themselves and proud of being black for the first time in so many years. "We're so excited about that and we thought we should support that." She added: "To me, the most amazing thing is – she's beautiful, her husband is gorgeous – the pride in her mum's eyes and seeing a black mum in dreadlocks of all things sitting there among these white a** colonisers - excuse that. READ MORE: Care more about Kate! US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage Speaking to The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex claimed to have been approached during The Lion King premiere by one of the actors, who expressed his support for her wedding to Prince Harry, She said: "He looked at me, and he's just like light. He said, 'I just need you to know: When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison." However, a member of the cast spoke out on Thursday suggesting he was the only South African actor involved in the project and had not attended the London screening. Dr John Kani, who voiced Rafiki in the Disney remake, told the Daily Mail: "I have never met Meghan Markle. This seems like something of a faux pas by her. "It was just beautiful to see. And it makes us so proud of who we are cause we've never had the strength to take back being black and now you're black and you're proud because your sister is sitting in royalty." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] "I have never met the Duchess at all. I am the only South African member of the cast and I did not attend the premiere in London." He added: "The only South African was me playing Rafiki. But I did not go to the opening in Leicester Square as I didn't have the time to do that. It just may be a mis-remembering on her side. "It is baffling me. I am the only South African in the cast." Dr Kani branded the nuptials as a "non-event" and "no big deal" for his country compared to the moment "the world stopped" as Nelson Mandela was freed after 27 years. He added: "It lives in our memories forever to the world. It is a kind of, 'Where were you when JFK was shot...where were you when Nelson Mandela was released?' "You can't really say where you were when Meghan married Harry."