The first instalment of the £650 sum, a £326 payment, is set to be paid automatically into eligible customers’ bank accounts from today. The Government has confirmed payments will be issued from September 2 to September 7, and individuals will not have to do anything to receive them. The payment is being made available to tax credit-only customers, it should be noted, as other eligible people have already had the sum. The latest payments mean more than eight million eligible households who get a means-tested benefit will now have received the first of the two cost of living payments from July 14. Tax credit claimants who also receive benefits from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will have already received the first Cost of Living payment via their eligibility for their other benefit from July 2022. Nadhim Zahawi, Chancellor of the Exchequer, said: “I know people are really concerned by rising prices so I’m glad that over a million more low earners will shortly receive their first Cost of Living Payment. READ MORE: Bank of England alert: Less than a month before paper £20 notes expire “We are also preparing options for further support so the new Prime Minister can hit the ground running. “Alongside £400 off most people’s energy bills, tax cuts and the Household Support Fund, these direct payments are a very important part of our £37billion package of help for households, which is targeted at those who need it most.” The second means-tested payment will also be worth £324 in more support for those impacted by the cost of living crisis. It will be issued later this year, from the autumn for DWP benefit claimants, and from the winter for those who are only in receipt of tax credits. DON'T MISSPension warning as ‘millions’ face income cut of up to 20 percent [ANALYSIS]ISA millionaires plunge but Britons could still achieve lofty goal [INSIGHT]State pension warning as Britons face £315 shortfall - ‘not doable!' [LATEST] For those looking out for the payment, there are specific things to make note of. Firstly, there should be a specific identifier when the first payment from HMRC arrives in customers’ bank accounts. This payment reference should be ‘CL’, then followed by the customer’s National Insurance number, and then followed by ’0001AX’. The Government website explains: “For joint claimants, where one claimant receives Working Tax Credit and the other claimant receives Child Tax Credit, payments will be made into the same bank account as the Child Tax Credit.” READ MORE: Mum’s money saving tip could save you £250 a month There may be instances where the Cost of Living Payment is delayed, it should be noted. This includes if a person has recently closed their bank account their tax credits are usually paid into. If customers have not informed HMRC about the changes to their bank account, they will have the Cost of Living Payment paid into their old bank account. This will mean the payment is rejected, so it is important to keep details updated to avoid a bureaucratic process with HMRC. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea For tax credit-only customers to be eligible for the payment, they must meet specific criteria. They are required to have been entitled, or later found to be entitled, to a payment or annual award of at least £26 of tax credits. This must be for any day in the period April 26, 2022 to May 25, 2022. Details surrounding the timing of the winter payment of the Cost of Living help will be released in due course.