A role that, on the surface, appeared especially challenging for the heir to the throne since the Prince of Wales had previously seemed a rather remote figure in his children's lives. Not least thanks to the heart-shaped shadow cast by Diana, the people's princess. What's more, Charles was propelled into this new role in the most remorseless of circumstances: both William and Harry were staying with him at Balmoral at the time of Diana`s fatal car crash. It was down to their father to break the terrible news that their mother had died. Yet against the odds, Prince Charles proved himself to be more than equal to the task of being all things to his boys. A fact Harry would go on to acknowledge in a BBC documentary five years ago, when he told film-makers his 'pa' was "the one out of two left and [who] tried to do his best to make sure that we were protected and looked after."Certainly, when Prince Charles offered his arm to Meghan before escorting her down the aisle in 2018, this seamless gesture symbolised an even tighter closing of the circle. It telegraphed to the world that this ring of love and protection had been extended to his son`s new bride too.All of which makes the unstoppable unravelling of the relationship between Prince Harry and his father particularly sad. Even if the decline has been fuelled by the Sussex`s media activity which clearly runs on grumbles to the gallon. Now, the latest `bombshell interview` suggests the relationship between Prince Charles and his son is in fact terminal. Speaking to US magazine The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex implied that Harry had 'lost' his father. Though the post-interview clean-up squad hurriedly insisted that Meghan was actually referring to the estrangement from her own father, Thomas Markle, who she has not spoken to since the royal wedding. Does it matter? In the court of sorrow and entitlement, it's clear that Harry has all but written off having a meaningful connection with his pa. In his view the link is broken, the bond shattered.Which is why it should – must – be down to the Prince of Wales to do all he can to fix this. Because Charles is the grown up in the room, the font of unconditional parental love, from which springs a capacity to care for a child  however challenging their behaviour.And the only way he can achieve this is to go to America and make a discreet visit to see his boy.There, in the couple's Montecito compound (or, as Hello magazine trills, '£11 million magical mansion') father and son can talk freely. Although to make it work, Prince Charles will have to listen silently as he gets an ear bashing from Harry, biting the royal lip rather than attempting to defend himself against a torrent of rage, resentment and accusation.