Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has lost none of his enthusiasm when it comes to signing Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona, according to reports. The Netherlands international was a priority target for the Red Devils earlier in the transfer window. And though they’d pounce if the 25-year-old was to indicate he’d be interested in a move to Old Trafford, that’s unlikely to happen. Manchester United spent three months pursuing De Jong earlier in the transfer window in the hope he’d uproot from Barcelona and move to the Premier League. However, as the clock ticks down, the Red Devils don’t appear likely to bring the 25-year-old in. According to Goal, Ten Hag has ‘lost none of his enthusiasm’ when it comes to securing De Jong’s signature, having previously managed the midfielder at Ajax. Yet any potential deal is likelier to take place in future transfer windows instead. United, at the start of the summer, genuinely believed they stood a good chance of luring De Jong to English football. They even agreed a fee with Barcelona, with the Red Devils prepared to pay an initial £63million that would rise to £72m with various add-ons and bonuses. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Barcelona, for their part, were willing to cash in on De Jong - especially given the player’s reluctance to take a pay cut. However, the Netherlands international has never been interested in a move to Old Trafford with his preference always to stay in Catalonia instead. De Jong feels settled in the city of Barcelona, especially after recently making some investments with his fiancee, Mikky Kiemeney. The pair became engaged earlier in the summer, with the midfielder popping the question to his childhood sweetheart after years of being together. De Jong also feels that, finally, Barcelona have a squad capable of competing for the biggest trophies on offer. The Catalan giants have been busy throughout the transfer window, landing the likes of Robert Lewandowski, Raphinha, Jules Kounde, Andreas Christensen and Franck Kessie. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him They’ve toiled in recent years, with Real Madrid becoming the heavyweights of Spanish football once again. But De Jong feels Barcelona, especially with Xavi at the helm, are now ready to kick on and emerge from their time in the wilderness. Another factor in his thinking has been Champions League football, too. United won’t be playing in that competition this term after finishing sixth amid a disastrous campaign under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Instead, they’ll be strutting their stuff in the Europa League. And with De Jong unwilling to drop down a level, and play outside of Europe’s top-tier club competition, the Red Devils currently have no chance of bringing him in. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. While a January move has been mooted as a possibility, it’s hard to see that happening too. So, instead, it’s possible United will reignite their interest in De Jong 12 months down the line. Jamie Carragher, meanwhile, recently slammed United for signing Casemiro over the likes of both De Jong and Adrien Rabiot. “If you are a club like United, you should not be pulling out of transfers — after agreeing a fee with the selling team — due to wage demands,” he said. “Someone at the club should already know what sort of salary the player wants, long before it reaches this point. “They have also spent weeks chasing Barcelona’s Frenkie de Jong, and now they are running around trying to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “From De Jong, to Rabiot, to Casemiro. They are all different players with different styles and ages. “What is the plan here? Where is the strategy? It is embarrassing.” Ten Hag has confirmed United are unlikely to add to their squad before the summer transfer window closes at 11pm on Thursday. “I think so, for this window it will be the end,” Ten Hag said. “But when there is opportunity you have to be always alert. “Aaron will stay in. This squad we will go from September to minimum January.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here