Meghan Markle, 41, has been defended by Good Morning Britain weather forecaster Alex Beresford, 41, who addressed her recent comments in a new interview, about her royal wedding being likened to Nelson Mandela. The Duchess of Sussex shared a conversation she shared with a cast member of The Lion King live-action team, who told her in 2019: “When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the street the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.” Mystery has surrounded Meghan's claims, as a composer involved in the production said he spoke to Meghan for "less than a minute" at the 2019 premiere. South African Lion King composer Lebohang Morake, known as Lebo M, has said he "does not remember" discussing Nelson Mandela with Meghan at the event. This came after another South African actor, claiming to be the only South African cast member, denied ever having spoken to Meghan. During her interview with The Cut, Meghan reportedly claimed to have spoken with a South African cast member, who suggested her marriage to Prince Harry sparked scenes of joy in South Africa similar to the 1990 release of anti-apartheid campaigner Mandela from prison. Taking to Twitter on August 31, the GMB presenter shared a screenshot from Meghan's interview, as he highlighted her comments about the comparison of Mandela to the royal wedding. READ MORE: Meghan's 'erasing royals' and 'creating drama' for Harry, says US star But the meteorologist debunked claims the Duchess of Sussex was comparing herself to the late South African president and activist. In view of his 244,000 followers, Alex explained the Lion King cast member had referred to their own feelings about the royal wedding and Meghan simply repeated the comment. He penned: "So Meghan Markle compared herself to Nelson Mandela? No, she didn’t! "Whilst I personally wouldn’t compare their wedding to Mandela’s long walk to freedom, it’s what HE felt. Undoubtedly it was a moment that many people of colour never thought they’d see…" Social media users reacted to Alex's comments as Twitter user, @Dr Carter wrote: "... 'it's what HE felt.' Thank you, context matters."  @Portland remarked: "Thanks Alex. I think any reasonable person got what she meant." @ChezSoruChris agreed: "He didn't even compare Meghan to Mandela! He compared the celebration of the release of Mandela to Meghan getting married into the Royal Family." Meanwhile, South African composer, Mr Morake, has addressed meeting Meghan at the London premiere of The Lion King back in 2019. He told the MailOnline: "Indeed I was at The Lion King 2019 premiere and met the Royals. "I cannot comment on the matter as it was three years ago and I don’t remember details of that conversation which was less than a minute, except the Royals were going to South Africa or Botswana. DON'T MISS... Nicola Peltz 'stormed out' in 'floods of tears' over Victoria Beckham[LATEST]Jane McDonald's pal moves in with distraught star amid partner's death[ADMISSION]Salma Hayek flaunts age-defying assets in red-hot bikini on birthday[PICTURES] "I’m the only South African directly associated with both The Lion King films and the Broadway productions." He added: "As a South African, I’m not sure if this is important to most of us facing serious domestic issues. "I’d like to not be dragged into this issue from three years ago either way." Footage of the event shows Mr Morake meeting the Sussexes and Prince Harry can be heard discussing visiting Africa and Malawi. Earlier this week, two Lion King stars denied speaking to Meghan during the 2019 premiere of the live-action film. Dr Kani, a veteran of the prestigious Royal Shakespeare Company who voiced the mandrill shaman Rafiki, said he was "baffled" by the Duchess of Sussex's claim, saying he believes she had made a "faux pas". South African singer, Lindiwe Mkhize, who sang Circle of Life in the 2019 remake and has also been an actor in the stage play, was also in attendance at the event, with sources claiming she "did not speak to Meghan". Although there are thought to be no further South African actors starring in the film, there were other South African nationals involved in the movie who may have attended the premiere. Express.co.uk has approached Odeon and Disney to confirm the guestlist of the premiere.