Sir Tom Jones, 82, has previously admitted to having hundreds of flings while married to his late wife Melinda Rose Trenchard, known as Lady Linda. The singer, who stars in The Voice tonight, met his wife of 59 years when he was 12 years old and four years later the pair married. He tied the knot with his late wife and "childhood sweetheart" at the age of 16, months before she gave birth to their son Mark Woodward. The Sex Bomb star was propelled to superstardom in the Sixties after the release of It’s Not Unusual and was admired by fans at home as well as globally. Sir Tom claimed to have slept with up to 250 women-a-year at the height of his fame – but throughout his antics remained married to Linda. American singer, Mary Wilson, who died in February last year, had previously addressed the pair's two-year affair, as she claimed he was "one of the loves of my life". READ MORE: Meghan's split from 'tone deaf' royals is 'worryingly' like Diana Mary, who was one of the founding members of The Supremes, was instantly attracted to him. In her biography, Mary recalled how she felt when they met on a TV show: “It was really the first time I saw Tom perform live and I was pretty, pretty starstruck. “The first time I saw him, I thought he was pretty phenomenal.” She said: “I thought, just like every other woman, I thought he was just pretty, pretty sexy.”  Mary went on: “It wasn’t like a man and woman, it was like two stars hanging out and having fun. “You know, I just happened to be a woman and he happened to be a man.” Mary added: “I was in love with Tom Jones, I will say that, I cannot not say that, because it is very true. “But you know, after a while I realised that he was a married man and that I needed not to be involved. DON'T MISS... Britney Spears sparks concern as she writhes around topless[LATEST]Coleen Nolan addresses what finalised decision to end marriages[ADMISSION]Lord Sugar defends Meghan Markle as he blasts critic over interview[ROYALS] “That didn’t stop me from caring for him at all, but he broke up the relationship and it was good that that happened. “And for years I was devastated because he was one of the loves of my life.” The singer, who grew-up in Pontypridd, Wales, and was the son of a coal miner, admitted Linda was “the only real thing” in his life after becoming famous. After refusing to discuss his extramarital affairs on a number of occasions, Sir Tom claimed none of them were “serious” in 1991. The clip, which was broadcast in the 2002 documentary The Real… Tom Jones, gave insight into his thoughts about being unfaithful. He said: “I have never had a serious affair. “It’s never been questioned that I would ever leave my wife for anybody else, it’s out of the question. “So whatever has happened has always been casual.” Express.co.uk has contacted Tom Jones representatives for comment. The Voice UK airs tonight on ITV at 8pm.