Manchester United advised Erik ten Hag from making any more ‘Ajax’ signings after deals for Antony and Lisandro Martinez, it has been claimed. The Dutchman had also been hoping to reunite with Sergino Dest at Old Trafford. However, the USA international is likely to leave Barcelona for AC Milan on loan instead. Manchester United have had a fruitful transfer window as the clock ticks down. Antony’s move to Old Trafford was officially confirmed on Thursday morning, with the Brazil international following Casemiro, Martinez, Christian Eriksen and Tyrell Malacia to the club. United had been eyeing a late deal for Dest, too, though the Barcelona star is now primed to join AC Milan on loan until the end of the season. Now, according to journalist Achraf Ben Ayad, United stepped in to intervene and advise Ten Hag against making any more signings that have links to his old club. “Man United officials 'advised' coach Ten Hag not to increase the number of 'Ajax players' after signing two players, when Dest's option became ruled out,” he said on Twitter. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all With Dest heading elsewhere, it appears United won’t be bolstering their squad at right-back. Aaron Wan-Bissaka is primed to stay, having previously been linked with Crystal Palace and Barcelona. The 24-year-old is struggling for first-team football at the club, having fallen behind Diogo Dalot in the club’s pecking order. But United aren’t expecting to lose the player at this late stage. There are no more incomings expected, either, with the Red Devils content with the acquisitions they’ve made so far. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him United have been linked with Memphis Depay, with the Barcelona star emerging as a potential target amid the uncertainty over Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. Yet with Ronaldo not going anywhere, Depay isn’t expected to return to his former side by 11pm this evening. Ten Hag confirmed Ronaldo would be staying put when quizzed on the matter on Wednesday. The Dutchman said: “We are on the same page. [He is happy to stay] otherwise he wouldn't be here.” And he also added: "It's a signal, yes, but all the big clubs in the Premier League have spent a lot, so it's the market. "From the start we said we planned with him [Ronaldo], we are happy with him, he's happy to be here, and we want to make the season a success together. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. "It's clear we have strengthened the squad. As a manager you always want more, and what I demand from my players I have to show as well. “I always want to maximise, but at a certain point you have to be satisfied with what is there. "Then it is also about development of the team, of the individuals, to get the team stronger and more consistent, to bring more quality. “That is what we have to work for now, me together with my coaches and the togetherness with the team." Meanwhile, in other United transfer news, Antony has admitted he’s excited to get to know his new team-mates. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Firstly, I'm really happy to meet the Brazilians here," he stated. "I gave Fred a hug this morning and was in constant contact with Casemiro over the phone. "I'm really happy to be reunited with them again from the national team, now we're here together. I hope to learn a lot from them. "Fred's talked to me about the club, I hope to make history with them here at Manchester United and grow and develop alongside my two fellow Brazilians." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here