Julie, 60, decided to go for a full face skin booster to give herself a well deserved pick-me-up during a very difficult time. She told Express.co.uk how it made her confidence skyrocket. Like many of us, Julie struggled immensely during the national lockdowns over the course of the pandemic. But what made things even more difficult was that she ended up contracting Covid and subsequently suffered with long Covid. Even when the nation was encouraged to start socialising again, Julie often felt too fatigued to leave the house. When she heard about Ciao Bella Aesthetics, she decided to take the plunge and book a skin booster. READ MORE: 66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning  This includes shots of dermal fillers injected superficially onto the skin, for a recommended three sessions. Julie paid £700 for the three treatments, administered by the "wonderful" Nurse Alex, and walked away feeling ecstatic. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: "It was absolutely amazing, my face just glowed." And the process was entirely painless. She stated: "I just shut my eyes and relaxed." While Julie revealed she had always had nice skin, she also admitted to being a "bit of a sun worshipper". This skin booster consequently gave her the rejuvenation she so wanted. And the effects on Julie's skin have not gone unnoticed, with the 60-year-old noticing she is suddenly being showered with praise. "The compliments are wonderful, people say, 'oh my god, your skin's glowing'. It just makes me feel better." READ MORE: Cosmetic treatment: 70-year-old youthful post-op but sends warning People are even surprised when Julie tells them her age, and cannot believe she is 60. Crediting this to the new "plump" look of her skin, she explained: "I don't look as old as I am." This in turn has led to an increase in confidence: "It just made me feel alive, with a bit more zest." And her loved ones have noticed a huge lift in her mood, telling Julie that she's finally "back". Even though the long Covid makes her tire easily, she is keen to go out more now than ever before. She says to herself: "Let's just go and have a little stroll, get a bit of air on my wonderful, lovely face." Julie was extremely happy with her 'tweakment' because of its super natural look, however she offered some advice to young people looking to alter their appearance. She warned: "Do your research, but please use a proper aesthetics clinic like Ciao Bella. "I don't think people should have their lips far too big, it doesn't look right. "Do it by all means, but put 0.5ml in, not 2.5ml and look like a trout pout."