Good Morning Britain’s North America correspondent, Noel Phillips, has claimed that he was the victim of an attack in Central London. The presenter took to Twitter on Saturday to share details of the frightening assault, which he says left him “shaken”. He wrote: “I was mugged, racially assaulted, and spat on yesterday on a busy street in Central London.  “I’m ok. Just shaken. Thanks to Sgt Clark & PC Busson from @metpoliceuk Euston town centre team for helping me catch and detain the ruthless thief.” Noel also shared a photograph of two policemen pinning down the alleged “ruthless thief”.In response to his tweet, the official account for the Met’s Contact Centre replied: “Hi Noel, your message of thanks has been passed on to the officers. Thank you.” READ MORE:Carol Vorderman, 61, puts on jaw-dropping busty display in towel When contacted by Express.co.uk, a spokesperson for the Met Police said: "A man has been arrested after officers on patrol in central London intervened following a robbery. "At approximately 02:15hrs on Saturday, 3 September, officers on patrol in New Oxford Street, WC1 were alerted to the incident. "A 17-year-old male was arrested on suspicion of robbery and for a racially aggravated public order offence after comments were made. He remains in custody. "The man who was robbed was not injured. Enquiries into the circumstances continue." Several of Noel’s friends and colleagues took to the comments of his tweet to share their well-wishes.BBC presenter Mared Parry wrote: “Saw this on Rory’s story just now (friend of his!) so sorry this happened Noel."Rich Preston added: “Noel, I am so so sorry. I’m glad you feel ok but please do give yourself time and take it easy. I’m so sorry this happened. Sending lots of love.”GMB’s deputy editor Daniel Robinson said: “This is dreadful Noel, sorry to hear you’ve been through this... hope you’re doing ok.” DON'T MISSKevin Costner' heartbreak amid $80m divorce after 16 years of marriage[INSIGHT]Rafael Nadal shares update after pregnant wife taken to hospital[LATEST]Holly Willoughby shares rare photo of son Harry in emotional farewell[PICTURES] 