Amid the ongoing cost of living crisis, Jeremy Vine caller Samina from Surrey explained how her rent is over £1,000 a month which would not be covered by her pension of £7,000 a year. She said: "I'm a brand new pensioner. My pension just started in June and hopefully I'll be getting £7,000 a year. "I'm renting privately at about £1,000 and I can't afford to live in a private house. "I'm still working and earning about £10,000 a year so I really can't afford my rent. "I don't qualify for any benefits, is there any help?" Guest Emmanuel Asuquo explained: "You mentioned you don't think you can qualify. READ MORE: Toll of foreign criminals ho should be deported surges to record high "There is housing benefit and universal credit. Depending on your income, maybe whilst you're working, you might not qualify but when you stop you might. "What you need to do is to find out what benefits you might be able to claim. "There's a company called Incomemax and what they do is look at what benefits people are allowed to take out. "Also when it comes to property, Shelter is another one that can help as well. "You may be entitled to universal credit or housing benefit to help with your benefit especially when you stop working and only have your pension." It comes as a charity supporting older people has launched a £1 million emergency fund to support over-65s facing a "winter of despair". Independent Age said the money will help community groups support older people who are struggling as the cost-of-living crisis tightens its grip. It is looking to support projects that aim to get more money into the pockets of older people as they face a "winter of despair" amid rising prices and soaring energy bills. DON'T MISS National Insurance: Plugging gaps could add thousands to state pension [INSIGHT]Inheritance tax: How to use pensions to reduce your bill [ANALYSIS]Pensioners urged to apply for £3,300 a year income boost [VIDEO] This could include ensuring they are claiming the benefits they are entitled to or making sure they get the best deals for services. The charity is appealing for more funders to step forward to enable it to help more organisations and older people across the UK. Simon Hewett-Avison, director of services at Independent Age, said: "The cost-of-living crisis is having a devastating impact on many older people who have no way to increase their income. "As prices go up, and with inflation at an all-time high, more and more older people are being pushed into poverty or having to make impossible decisions about what to cut back on, because the extra money is simply not there. "We cannot stand by as people struggle. The scale and speed of the crisis means we need to work together to widen the support options for older people."