As Chelsea scrambled to bring in a new midfielder on transfer deadline day, the all too familiar scenario of a player leaving Stamford Bridge with a future unfulfilled was unfolding in the background. Billy Gilmour, unwanted and frozen out by Thomas Tuchel, cleared out his things and headed down to the South Coast to join Brighton in a £9million transfer. The Scotland international was once billed as the biggest talent at Stamford Bridge and heralded by Frank Lampard, who handed him his debut at the age of 18 during the 2019-20 campaign. Just three years later, the central midfielder is leaving for a new challenge — and few could blame him. It had been a ruthless summer for Gilmour, who returned to Chelsea with hopes of impressing his manager Tuchel in pre-season after a mixed loan spell with Norwich City. Instead, the 21-year-old was sent home with a group of fellow Blues youngsters to train with the Under-23 development squad. It was deemed that Gilmour, along players such as Harvey Vale and Tino Anjorin, would be better off getting minutes with the younger side while Tuchel attempted to put his senior squad through their paces. But it was merely the first sign of the German’s lack of faith in a player who only 18 months ago was starting crucial games for Chelsea. READ MORE: Chelsea 'agree loan deal' for Juventus ace Denis Zakaria In one FA Cup tie against Liverpool at Stamford Bridge, Gilmour was the standout performer, oozing confidence with every touch and leaving experienced stalwarts like Jordan Henderson and Fabinho in their wake. At one point in the game, Gilmour had the confidence and audacity to try a sublime nutmeg on Roberto Firmino — and succeeded. But fast forward to the summer of 2022 and Gilmour is nowhere near the first-team plans at Chelsea. He was not even handed a squad number by his manager as Tuchel submitted his completed list to the Premier League. That told Gilmour it was time to go and Brighton, having offered £9million for the youngster, were only happy enough to take him. He would not be alone in moving to the Amex Stadium, after linking up with former Chelsea team-mates Tariq Lamptey and Levi Colwill. While Lamptey decided to jump ship before he was left out in the cold, Colwill had impressed on loan at Huddersfield last season and was in with a shout to be a first-team player this season. LATEST TRANSFER NEWSNottingham Forest continue bonkers transfer spend as Batshuayi 'close'Chelsea see 'last-minute Gordon bid rejected' by EvertonChelsea told Neymar in no hurry to quit PSG for Blues on deadline day Clearly Tuchel felt different, instead deciding to spend £165m on three new defenders and farming Colwill out on loan to Brighton. While Todd Boehly has impressed with his decisive movements in the transfer market, backing Tuchel to the tune of £270m, there is a depressing feeling that Chelsea are returning to old habits by bringing in big-name players and turning their back on the academy. The Cobham production line is the legacy of Roman Abramovich’s reign and the very same centre that propelled Mason Mount and Reece James into the limelight, so to ignore talents like Gilmour, who have been nurtured there, seems short-sighted. He had made 58 Chelsea appearances before his exit and was adored by the club’s supporters, with calls for him to be brought into the squad falling on deaf ears. It now appears that Italian youngster Cesare Casadei, 19, could be the man to take Gilmour’s place after his transfer from Inter Milan, while Denis Zakaria arrives on loan from Juventus. The former made his debut for the Under-21 side against Sutton United in the EFL Trophy on Wednesday. But the question must be asked why Chelsea are willing to splash out £15m on a player who has never made a senior appearance in favour of flogging a promising player with proven Premier League experience. In any case, the Scot will have a chance for a fresh start with Brighton, a place where players seem to thrive under the intelligent coach Graham Potter. It is a low-risk move for the Seagulls and Gilmour too — and one that Chelsea could live to regret if he fulfils his full potential.