Max Verstappen has admitted he fights Charles Leclerc differently from his battles with Lewis Hamilton last season. The Red Bull star said he had a “different feeling” between the two battles but stressed last season was “very tough”. He added: “It was a very good battle and, like I said before, you always had to be at 100 per cent – not that I’m not 100 per cent now. But it was sometimes a different feeling. But I’m also enjoying a lot this year, that’s for sure.” Verstappen has dominated the season with nine race wins allowing him to open up a massive lead over his title rivals. Leclerc now lies almost 100 points behind the reigning champion with just eight events remaining. It means Verstappen almost has enough of a gap to retire from half of the remaining races and still lead the championship. Pundits have stressed all season that Verstappen was driving differently to last year. READ MORE: Verstappen opens up on how Hamilton made it 'tough' to end streak David Coulthard claimed the reigning champion was “more relaxed and mature” since his title win. Earlier this season, Sky Sports host Karun Chandhok also claimed Verstappen sees Leclerc as an “equal” compared to Hamilton. Chandhok assessed there was less “elbows out” racing and noted Verstappen gives Leclerc more space. The two enjoyed epic side-by-side duels in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia. Ahead of the Dutch Grand Prix, former F1 star John Watson has also claimed Verstappen is showing a “different maturity” from the previous season. DON'T MISSVerstappen admits second title will not compare to beating Hamilton [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton denies Red Bull dig and delivers Verstappen verdict [ANALYSIS]Verstappen backed to smash Vettel F1 record and devastate Leclerc [COMMENT] Watson explained: “He made errors in my opinion, in ’21, which cost him – he should have won that World Championship way before we got to Abu Dhabi. The incident at Silverstone, the incident at Monza, inhibited him from winning that championship [earlier].” He added: “What Verstappen appears to do now is show a different sense of attitude in his racing with Leclerc, there is not that aggressive driving style that I saw all the way through Verstappen’s career, when he was battling with Hamilton. “He is a totally different character and style battling with Leclerc. Much, much different, and much more considered.”