Rafael Nadal has admitted he thought he had broken his own nose during the bizarre incident which left the tennis legend receiving treatment in his second round US Open match. Nadal was leading Italian player Fabio Fognini 2-1 in sets, and was 3-0 up in the fourth, when he managed to strike himself in the face with his own racquet. Nadal had just struck a backhand shot, only for his racket to hit the ground and then bounce back up into his face. Unsure why his opponent had stopped playing, a bemused Fognini continued with the point and gently volleyed a winner into an open court. Nadal was left dazed and required treatment, with commentator Robbie Koenig giving his own blunt assessment when a replay was shown: "The rebound off the court - boom! Right on the nose,” he said, as the Spaniard received treatment court-side. Asked to elaborate on the incident which left the bridge of his nose bleeding, Nadal told reporters: “We don't need to create a story. It was just a strong hit. At the beginning I thought I broke the nose because it was a shock at the beginning. It was very painful." JUST IN: Jack Draper retires from Karen Khachanov tie with injury as US Open run ends in agony But the 36-year-old was able to see the funny side of his ordeal, adding: "I lost a little bit the - I don't know how to say in English - but a little bit of the feeling in my head. It's about being a little bit out of the world. "I don't know, seems like it is not broken. I am not sure yet. I don't know. I think it's getting bigger and bigger," before smiling as he added: “That’s just a shock, in some ways I deserved to play that bad for a while. No, I’m joking.” DON'T MISS:Andy Murray conqueror Matteo Berrettini whines to US Open umpire after third-round winAndy Murray overpowered by Matteo Berrettini as battling Brit crashes out of the US OpenAndy Murray fightback sees Mark Petchey liken Matteo Berrettini to his wife in brutal dig Regardless Nadal, who is chasing his 23rd Grand Slam title in New York, returned to see off his opponent 6-1 in the final set. That was despite labelling his own display "terrible" after having to come back from losing the first set. Nadal will now face Frenchman Richard Gasquet in the third round in the early hours of Sunday morning, as he bids for a place in the last-16. The No 2 seed is seeking a third Slam title of 2022, after his bid to win all four in a calendar year was derailed at Wimbledon  when he had to withdraw from his semi-final with injury.