At the start of the summer, Manchester United made Frenkie de Jong a priority transfer target. However, with the window now shut, they’ll have to make do without the 25-year-old. And with their pursuit of the player resembling their chase of Cesc Fabregas in 2013, it’s possible this ship may now have sailed. Upon taking over at Manchester United, Ten Hag made it clear that he considered De Jong a priority. The Red Devils resisted the temptation to move for the likes of Ruben Neves and Youri Tielemans, of Wolves and Leicester respectively, while placing all their eggs in one basket. Only once it became apparent that De Jong wasn’t attainable, the Red Devils swooped for Casemiro. But interest remains. United are likely to pursue the 25-year-old in future transfer windows and could try as early as January, when the market reopens again. However, there is a real danger this deal is now dead for good. Especially when you consider what happened with Fabregas nine years ago. Back in the summer transfer window of 2013, David Moyes was daring to dream big. After years of operating on a tight budget at Everton, he felt liberated by the wealth of riches at his disposal. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all And he set his eyes on a deal for Fabregas, believing the Barcelona star could be tempted to leave the Nou Camp after struggling for regular game time under Pep Guardiola. "Cesc Fabregas, who I spoke to on the phone several times, was not sure of his place in the Barcelona team and I remember him saying if he didn't start the first game at Barcelona he would definitely be looking to join us,” the Scot recalled in 2017. "And he started the first game at Barcelona. So, small things – you're waiting on things happening. "But I don’t want it to sound like hard luck stories because there were other players I wanted join as well.” United, after missing out on Fabregas, then planned to go after the Spain international in January 2014 - when the window would reopen again. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him However, by that point, they were a club in crisis. Moyes’ reign at United imploded at the very beginning, with players downing tools as they went on to finish seventh in the Premier League table. Disciplines of the Ferguson era were unhappy with his methods, with Rio Ferdinand and Patrice Evra two of the individuals who grew disillusioned with life at Old Trafford. United would go on to finish seventh. And when they contemplated signing Fabregas in the summer of 2014, under Louis van Gaal, they simply weren’t in a position to land the midfielder. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. Chelsea won the race for the player instead, with Fabregas going on to win two Premier League titles during his time at Stamford Bridge. So, with De Jong, it’s possible United will be heading towards a repeat in the future. There’s no guarantee Old Trafford will be more of an attractive place to be in a year’s time. While they’ve bounced back from defeats to Brighton and Brentford, they remain a club capable of lurching from one crisis to another. With United’s rivals also strengthening this summer, there’s also a possibility they’ll end the campaign without Champions League football to offer De Jong once again. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team Therefore they might, just might, be out of the race. Other clubs will come in for De Jong in the future. Manchester City, if they lose Ilkay Gundogan next summer, could be one of them. Chelsea have shown a willingness to spend big and, having missed out on the Barcelona star this summer, may reignite their interest next year. And Paris Saint-Germain, who courted De Jong in 2019 before his move to Barcelona, would be another attractive proposition. United will try and recruit the 25-year-old again. But, like with this summer, there’s no guarantee they’ll be able to land the star. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here