With autumn fast-approaching, many Britons will be preparing their gardens for the cooler months ahead. Although Britons may spend less time in their gardens this month, it’s still paramount that gardeners prepare their garden for the colder weather. Some of the jobs gardeners might need to get stuck into this month include moving tender plants indoors and trimming hedges. Founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, Chris Bonnett, said now is the “perfect time” to give gardens a “head start” ahead of autumn and winter. He continued: “After such a dry summer, one of your key focuses should be your lawn. “Now is the time to replant and replenish with fertiliser and seed. “Combined with the upcoming rainfall, lawns will readily restore themselves over the next season. READ MORE: Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills “It’s also a good idea to start moving more delicate plants inside before the temperature drops.” Here are 10 gardening jobs for September: It’s important to keep lawns healthy after they’ve been well-trodden on over the summer. Rake lawns, re-seed any bare patches and use a feed or fertiliser that is rich in potassium to replenish lawns after a dry summer. Chris added: “This is the perfect time to take action as autumnal weather is ideal for establishing a healthy lawn.” Before temperatures plummet, put any houseplants that have been moved outside during the summer months back indoors. Weeding is a never-ending task but September is a “prime time” to not only weed but tidy up summer flowers and sort out the remains of any summer fruits. Those with roses that have finished flowering should give them a prune too. DON'T MISSInside Anmer Hall: Kate and William's home they'll keep after move [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [UPDATE]Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [ANALYSIS] Take the straw out of strawberry plants and trim any messy raspberry plants too. Dividing perennials should be done when the soil is dry. Gardeners can do this by placing a fork in the centre of the plant and gently moving it back and forth to separate the plant. Repeat this to divide the plant into more sections. Collecting and sowing seeds from perennials is a great way to get new plants while saving money. Seeds can be collected by cutting open flower heads with a sharp pair of scissors. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Once collected, clean the seeds and leave them to dry completely for around a week before planting. Shape hedges now while the days are still long. This will ensure they remain in good shape for autumn and winter. This will also prepare them to evenly distribute the weight of any potential snowfall. After a dry summer, installing water butts is a great way to collect rainwater in autumn and winter. Recycling water is not only sustainable but couldn’t be more straightforward. Those with water butts already installed should clear out the current rainwater in preparation for upcoming rain. Take advantage of rainfall and mild temperatures this season by planting shrubs, these weather conditions will help to establish themselves much more easily. Autumn vegetables include hardy winter greens, turnips, beetroots and kale. September and October are the best times to plant spring bulbs ready for bright, colourful flowers next spring.