With energy bills on the rise, many people are looking to do anything they can to reduce household costs. Sam Whillance, a savings expert at discounts platform Deal.Town, has shared top tips on how keeping a freezer full can make it work more “efficiently”. The expert also said keeping a freezer full of food “helps to keep bills down”. Sam explained: “Stocking up your freezer can save money in several ways. Firstly, purchasing freezer foods in bulk can be cheaper than buying fresh produce, which can also go to waste a lot quicker. “Foods you stock up your freezer with can help lower the costs of running it. By organising your freezer space, using more frozen products, and freezing leftover fresh food where possible, we can reduce our food waste and save money.” Firstly, the expert recommended decluttering the fridge, especially near the ventilating outlets. Sam said keeping space at the top and sides of your freezer helps the cool air move around easier. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients The savings expert added: “Try to organise your goods so you can still pack just as much in while keeping track of everything you've got. “Any bulky foods can be repacked into reusable freezer bags - try squeezing the air out and sealing. “Most of the energy your freezer uses goes towards cooling down the air that comes in when you open the freezer door. “So, when your freezer is full, there is less room for warmer air to come in, and the items that are in there will help to cool down any warmer air that does sneak in. DON'T MISS:Bradley Walsh’s private life with Donna in quiet Essex town [INSIGHT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ way to wash bedding to avoid common laundry ‘mistakes’ [EXPERT] “Also, try to put any foods you know you won’t use for a while at the back of the freezer, meaning you don’t need to keep rearranging it to get the food out. “Essentially, keeping it full and compact means less energy will be used and will reduce your bills.” Defrosting the freezer regularly can also help Britons save on energy bills. This is because frost build-up will make the freezer work harder to stay cool. In turn, this will use more electricity. While it may not make much of a difference on a daily basis, over a year period, it could add as much as £150 to a bill. READ MORE: 8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick This also applies for the fridge and to help make it more “energy efficient”, it can be emptied and cleaned regularly. With energy bills a talking point for many at the moment, an engineer recently posted a video on TikTok explaining to viewers if it is cheaper to boil water using a kettle or the hob. The TikTok user, who goes by the name @dinosaurdannyx, worked out how to measure the flow of gas used by his stove. From there, he found out that it cost him 1.99p to boil water using his hob. After using his electric kettle to boil the same volume of water, he said it cost 3.49p, almost twice as much. He said: “The results of this actually surprised me.” Although kettles overall use less energy, the differing prices of electricity and gas meant the hob worked out cheaper. He added: “If you’re looking for an energy saving, you go for the electric kettle. If you’re looking for a cost saving, go for the hob. “If you’re looking for time, then that depends upon what you’ve got and how much you value your time.”