Police said guests were evacuated at around 3am this morning after a "bomb threat" was directed towards the hotel premises. A 50-metre cordon has been put in place around the hotel. Northamptonshire police have told Express.co.uk that the threat related to a bomb, specialist officers are continuing their search. No bomb has been found.  Northamptonshire Police said in a statement: "Emergency services are currently in the St John’s area of Northampton responding to reports of a threat made against a building in the area. "Guests at the Premier Inn were evacuated from the hotel at about 3am this morning (September 2) after intelligence was received that there may be a threat directed towards the hotel premises." Superintendent Sarah Johnson added: "At the moment, the response we’ve put in place is a precautionary measure as we work with staff and our partners to return people to the hotel as soon as possible. "A 50metre cordon has been put in place while our specialist teams search the premises and we expect them to be on scene for the next few hours.  "The guests from the hotel are in the care of the local authority and we’re working to return the area back to normality as quickly as possible." Swan Street is reportedly closed in both directions, according to the traffic monitoring website INRIX. Surrounding roads are reportedly also restricted in the area. INRIX said the closure was "due to a police incident between St John's Terrace and Angel Street." Police have urged the public to avoid the area. One person reportedly told the Northampton Chronicle and Echo that a family member staying at the hotel was evacuated at 3am and taken to the Guildhall where the Red Cross is set up. Northamptonshire Police gave an update on the situation and said "no explosive device" was found at the location.  READ MORE: UK driver warning about £5,000 fine for taking pet in car   Superintendent Sarah Johnson said: “Following an extensive search, we are satisfied that there is no explosive device at this location and members of the public can now return to the area. “The guests from the hotel are still in the care of the local authority and we’re working with them and with the hotel to get those people back to normality as quickly as possible. “Protecting people from harm in Northamptonshire is our highest priority and I hope our response today reassures people of the seriousness with which we take threats such as this. “Finally, I’d like to thank all the guests and the residents in the local area for their understanding and patience today, as well as our partners at West Northants Council, Northamptonshire Fire and Rescue Service, West Midlands Police, Thames Valley Police and the East Midlands Ambulance Service, for their assistance.” A criminal investigation into the threat and the origin of the report continues.  