Early morning trends will bring some unforeseen problems. After a frustrating delay you will reach an important goal. If you need an outlet for pent-up energy or emotion, think about taking a little more exercise. A new neighbour will introduce themselves. This could be the start of a good friendship. This should be a rewarding day if you are in a long-term relationship. Your partner will quickly take you up on your adventurous suggestions before you get a chance to change your mind. Give a new relationship time if you are single and have just started dating. You can’t expect things to be instantly perfect. Domestic chores and projects you had expected would take more time will be dealt with faster than expected. It makes a difference when housemates are willing to get up early and get to work immediately. Take this opportunity to update domestic items or improve your home environment.  Someone is starting to take advantage of your kind and sensitive nature. This could be a testing time for a close relationship. You find it hard to hide your feelings and if you feel someone isn’t being fair with you, it is important that they understand why you feel this way. You’re making a big effort to be reasonable but are you really listening to what others are saying? An argument could go on for a long time unless you all find a way to compromise. Your emotions are on show and there is every chance your anger is clouding the issue. Disagreements in the family will affect your health and make you feel emotionally vulnerable. You hadn’t expected someone who is close to you to be so mean-minded and objectionable. Take care when driving or using machinery as your mind could wander.  An overdue bill will cause contention when someone who had said they would pay this, hasn’t. Not only are you disappointed in them but a few other reasons will come to your mind as to why you aren’t getting on at the moment. They’ve let you down in other ways too and they can’t get away with this anymore. Don’t be too quick to accept a social invitation. A better offer could be just around the corner. An unexpected gift as a thank you for having helped someone out in the past will come as a pleasant surprise. You will become completely absorbed in a challenging creative task. Someone in a high position can’t seem to see the truth when it is staring them in the face. This makes for an unfair situation as they are looking for someone to hold accountable for a recent mix-up and they’re putting too much trust in the wrong people for answers.  Leave contentious matters alone. The moment you sense someone is about to get argumentative, change the subject. A partner’s stubborn mood could cause tension between you when there is no way they are going to listen to you and give you your own way while they’re being so bull-headed. You have a proposal to put to someone close and you will be watching their reaction very carefully. You won’t be so much listening to their words but observing their body language for it will be their initial response to what they hear that will help you decide what to do next Most people you are dealing with are cooperative. Your own job or a career assignment you are helping someone else with will get priority. A recent health problem has just about run its course and it will be a relief to notice your energy levels are rising. 