William and Kate have collaborated with spy chiefs at the signals intelligence centre GCHQ on a puzzles book packed with codes and brainteasers designed to introduce young readers to many aspects of the work that the eavesdropping service does. They have written a foreword for the book, Puzzles For Spies, which will raise money for their Royal Foundation to support its work on tackling the mental health crisis in Britain, and said they looked forward to helping their own children - Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four - solve the problems.  Proceeds from GCHQ’s share of the advance and royalties for the book, which is published by Puffin and also includes personal accounts from GCHQ staff describing their work, are estimated to be at least £20,000 in the first year. GCHQ has previously published two puzzle books for adults which have sold half a million copies between them. In their foreword, William and Kate, both 40, welcomed a book for younger readers, writing: “Hopefully this might mean we find them easier to solve...! They added: “As a family, we are no strangers to the vital work of GCHQ.  We have seen first-hand how staff constantly adapt to face new threats, and we remain inspired by how committed staff are to protecting our national security. “The COVID-19 pandemic presented one of the biggest global challenges in recent history.  It impacted our ability to go to work, to school, and to socialise in the way we are all accustomed to.  This affected every one of us and sadly we know the true scale of the pandemic’s impact on the nation’s mental health will not be fully understood for years to come. “Your support through the purchase of the book will ensure that the Royal Foundation is able to continue its mental health work at a time when that support is needed more than ever before. “We look forward to helping our children solve these puzzles, and hope that this book brings friends and families together to start rich conversations.” They drew parallels between the codebreaking skills of Britain’s spies and solving the epidemic of anxiety and depression that has affected so many people in Britain, particularly young people.  “Talking openly about mental health can be the first step in removing stigma, fear and isolation.  Just like at GCHQ, bringing different perspectives together can often be the key to unlocking a solution you can’t quite find on your own,” they continued. “Good luck to everyone!’ In his foreword, GCHQ director Sir Jeremy Fleming said: “While problem-solving exercises our brains, it is equally important to take care of our minds. “Our first two books raised a staggering amount of money for mental health charities and enabled them to do valuable work in communities across the country. “I’m delighted that through this book we will continue supporting this cause. “The work of Their Royal Highnesses has helped many people - including children - be more open about mental health. “I want to thank them for both their ongoing commitment to this cause and their support to GCHQ.” The book will be published on September 22. 