Jeremy Clarkson and his co-hosts Richard Hammond and James May will take fans on an icy adventure across the Scandinavian Arctic Circle in the upcoming series of The Grand Tour. The Prime Video special is set to be the group’s most perilous yet as they make their way from the coast of Norway to the Russian border. READ MORE:Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 Richard and Jeremy first started working together on Top Gear back in 2001.Richard had already made a career for himself by reviewing cars and presenting shows for Granada and BBC Radio.When it was announced that Jeremy and producer Andy Wilman were revamping the motoring show, Richard jumped at the chance and went for an audition.Over 20 years later, Richard says he “owes” a lot of his career to Jeremy and Andy after they gave him a chance. He said candidly: “I’m never forgetting how lucky I've been. 34 years ago, I started on BBC Radio York in 1988, and that was going ok. Then I was lucky enough to go to do small car shows on Granada’s Men and Motors for years.  “But really, I was lucky when Wilman and Jeremy gave me the job on the first series of Top Gear in 2001.“I owe them a lot for that, it is only because of that I have been able to do everything else, that I'm able to have The Smallest Cog workshop and run Chimp Productions and the DriveTribe and things like that.  “They were stupid, I don’t know what they were thinking!” DON'T MISSAshley Roberts, 40, showcases sculpted body in tiny purple bikini[PICTURES]TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son[NEWS]Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow[INSIGHT] Richard has also turned The Smallest Cog into his own TV series, named Richard Hammond’s Workshop.Set near his hometown in Herefordshire, Richard and his team work hard to repair classic cars.And following the success of the first series, a second one is currently in the works.Spilling on when fans can expect the next instalment, Richard continued: “We are recording it at the moment. “I think it will be out in October-ish, I'm not sure it might be November, I think.  “It’s something I'm constantly doing because I am actually running the business. I’m away from the workshop today but I was there late last night and I'll be there later this afternoon and for the rest of the week.”The Grand Tour presents: A Scandi Flick launches on Prime Video on 16th September 2022.