One of the basic steps when doing laundry is sorting clothes and making sure that darks do not mix with lights. But where does a striped piece of clothing or one that is just black and white fit into these categories? Laundry experts have shared their top tips on how to wash black and white clothing to “eliminate” any chances of colour bleeding. According to experts at Go Spin Express Laundry, before washing, the clothing items need to be tested to see if the colours bleed. They said: “Find a hidden area on your clothing and dip it in warm water. It could be a seam or a hem or anywhere that isn’t obvious. “In case the area cannot be submerged in water, you can do a spot test and focus on your chosen area by blotting it with a wet piece of cloth. “If dye releases into the water or onto your wet cloth, then you would know that your clothing would bleed onto other areas of the fabric.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares banana trick to ‘ripen’ green tomatoes The laundry pros noted this if there is a significant amount of dye release, Britons will want to take it to a laundry service provider or a dry cleaner so professionals can handle it. If there is only minimal dye release, then you should opt to wash the item alone. Bambi Turner, laundry expert at howstuffworks.com, explained that laundry techniques can help further reduce the risk of colour bleeding. A hot wash is great for killing germs and disinfecting a washing machine, but for those worried about colours running they should wash the clothes on the lowest setting. She said: “Many people believe that you must wash clothes in hot water to get them clean. DON'T MISS: Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [EXPERT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [COMMENT]The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ [INSIGHT] “With modern detergents, washing clothes in hot water is not only unnecessary, but may be downright harmful. Avoid hot water as it opens up the fibres in clothes to release the dye. “Instead use cold water as it keeps them closed, trapping the dye inside for the best way to prevent bleeding. “Choosing the cold setting on your washing machine will eliminate most problems with colour bleeding, and may also help clothes last longer.” Experts at Dry-Pak agreed: “Wash on a low-temperature setting and preferably a lower agitation option such as the delicates setting.” READ MORE: Use apple cider to get rid of ivy - ‘works the best’ Cleaning experts at Inn Style, a housekeeping company, shared a few home remedies to keep black and white clothes from running. They said: “Did you know that white vinegar can help to keep fabric colours from running? “If you add half a cup of white vinegar to the rinse cycle, the liquid will freshen up your laundry and help colours maintain their intensity. “It stops colours from fading and running into each other all while keeping whites white.” Prior to a first washing, the experts advised soaking the fabrics for 30 minutes in water mixed with half a cup of vinegar and two teaspoons of salt to help set the dyes. If one of the coloured items in a wash has dyed your whites, they probably can’t be restored. Dri-Pak’s experts said: “If that happens, there's very little you can do to rescue them.” However, they said even though the chance is slim, you may be able to revive them with soda crystals. Take the coloured items out of the machine and run a cycle using the advice above with just the white items. In this wash, use Dri-Pak’s Oxi-Boost to remove the dye and brighten the whites.