Sir Tom Jones, 82, was notably absent from Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee celebrations held in June and now the veteran crooner has addressed the situation. The Sex Bomb singer said he had hoped to take to the stage but there was an issue with legendary singer Dame Shirley Bassey, 85. Tom was asked to join the BBC concert at Buckingham Palace but his slot fell through after the fellow Welsh singer refused to duet with him. The crooner, who once performed with Shirley on his TV series in 1970, explained she was going to be his surprise guest at the concert. Tom has since shared things went awry when the Goldfinger hitmaker wanted her own solo slot. Speaking in a new interview, he said: "Shirley said, 'If I don't get my own spot I am not going to do it'. It is fair enough. READ MORE: Liz Hurley, 57, put on an eye-popping display at Elton John's home  "I thought it was a good idea. She would be the surprise guest and I would've said, 'Here is Dame Shirley Bassey to help me with the next song'. "Then I would do mine and then we would do a duet. Which is fair enough but if she could not do that then she did not want to do it." Neither Tom nor Shirley made an appearance at the Platinum Jubilee concert. The Delilah hitmaker went on to share legendary crooner Sir Rod Stewart stepped in and performed at the concert.  Express.co.uk has contacted Shirley Bassey and Rod Stewart's representatives for comment. He added to the Daily Mail: "Rod Stewart ended up doing it. It was all very much up in the air so Rod said, 'I will do it'." Tom also shared the duet was not the only issue with his performance, after he was also asked to "run up and down a ramp" while singing Sweet Caroline, but the singer is awaiting a hip replacement. His comments come after Rod was almost forced to cancel his performance at the BBC’s Party at The Palace for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebration. DON'T MISS... Tom Jones on 'getting a new hip' as he's forced to hang upside down[LATEST]Jennifer Lopez opens up on family's 'worries' ahead of wedding[ADMISSION]Holly Willoughby shares rare photo of son Harry in emotional farewell[PICTURES] The music legend joined a star-studded lineup with performances from Craig David, Alicia Keys and Diana Ross. Rod revealed he was made to belt out Sweet Caroline to wrap up his set, but actually came close to not performing at all after losing his voice in the wake of catching Covid. His wife Penny Lancaster opened up during an episode of Loose Women at the time, saying the rocker's appearance was "very, touch and go". "He lost his voice, so the sound check on the Wednesday, he went along and for precaution he wore a mask, but had no voice," she said. Penny continued: "He went for another rehearsal on the Friday. It was touch and go. His voice is there now, but it wasn’t quite on, but he didn’t want to disappoint everybody." Meanwhile, Tom is set to return to viewer's screens for the latest series of The Voice UK on Saturday. He said he had postponed his hip surgery until October 28 so he could finish his US tour Surrounded by Time and not upset fans. It comes after the singer was pictured using a walking stick in recent weeks and being forced to sit during performances while on tour. 