As of September 1, drivers across England, Wales and Scotland will see the rollout of the new “72” number plate vehicle registration. This is the second number plate change in 2022 after the “22” plate was introduced in March earlier this year. The new vehicle registrations will follow the standard rules including white plates on the front and yellow on the back. This is with the exception of classic cars which were first registered before 1973. Numbers and letters must be exactly 79 millimetres tall and there must be a space between the numbers that mark the year and the three random letters. All registration plates must be in a specific “Charles Wright” font which has been in use since 2001. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin British cars driven abroad must have nationality identifiers on their plates. This was previously “GB”, with drivers now requiring the Union flag and as of September last year, the “UK” identifier. Motorists are also being warned not to change or purposefully obscure their registration plate, as this could lead to a £1,000 fine. Despite the historic popularity of “new reg day”, research suggests that it has lost its appeal with drivers. DON'T MISSCaravan owners warned of huge 30 percent fuel economy drop when towing [WARNING]Man's car with 'mind of its own' is 'plagued by problems' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to 'compare MPG' after record petrol and diesel prices [INSIGHT] The data found that fewer than five percent of potential car buyers are bothered about the digits on their number plate. Most considered a wide range of other factors much more important when deciding on their next car. Dean Walker, Director of Stock and Purchasing at Motorpoint, said: “Many of us will remember just how big a deal the launch of a new registration plate used to be. “Dealerships would open at midnight, with customers queuing up to take delivery of their new car so they could be among the first on the road with the new reg. “Our study confirms what we suspected though, that this is no longer a major factor in the decision-making process for car buyers. “It would seem that many people are still unsure how the registration number system works so don’t realise ‘22’ was released in March and that ‘72’ will be launched next month. “Those who do understand are either not bothered that their number plate identifies their car’s age or know how easy it is to pop a personalised registration on their vehicle after buying it.” Despite the hesitancy around “new reg day”, many drivers are being urged to take some advice into account if they are looking at buying a new car. The number plates themselves do not impact the value, but they do represent the newest cars on the market. Bill Fennell, Chief Ombudsman and Managing Director of The Motor Ombudsman, urged drivers to carefully plan and think of the kind of car they need before purchasing. He said: “Buying a big ticket item, such as a new car, is a significant commitment. “It is therefore important that consumers spend time doing their research to select both the right car and retailer, spend within their means, and plan ahead." He added that this should be done in terms of longer-term affordability, and when they will need a new car due to the extended lead times. Drivers are also being urged to keep in mind the associated costs that come along with buying a new car. Any monthly finance payments, annual servicing, fuel or electric charging tariffs should all be taken into account.