More than 4,000 people have signed the petition set up by Emma Roberts who claims the weekly £69.70 Carer’s Allowance payment works out at less than £2 per hour. Some 10,000 signatures are needed for the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to take notice. Carer’s Allowance is paid to people who care for a friend or family member for at least 35 hours each week. Caring for someone for this number of hours often means the carer can’t work full time yet they are compensated just £69.70 for 35 hours work. That works out at £1.99 per hour in comparison to the National Minimum Wage for 18 years olds which is £6.93 per hour. The "Increase Carer's Allowance to equal 35hrs at National Minimum Wage" petition is posted on the petitions-parliament website. READ MORE: British Gas scam could drain your bank account - beware red flags The petition states: “As of April 2022 Carer's Allowance is £69.70 a week for at least 35 hours caring a week, which works out at roughly £1.99 p/h. “National Minimum Wage for 18 year olds is currently £6.83 p/h. “We want Carer's Allowance to be increased to £239.05 a week, to reflect the work carers do. “Almost half of those living in poverty are disabled or live with someone who is. DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] “Many carers are unable to work, or only able to work part time due to caring responsibilities. “Carer's Allowance is treated as taxable income, and is also deducted from any other benefits you may receive. “Less than 20 percent of disabled people are born with a disability, and anyone could end up with a disability, or caring for someone with a disability.” Meanwhile, campaigners are urging people to check their entitlement as half a million Britons are missing out on Carer’s Allowance. READ MORE: Warning - Not having a TV licence could cost you three times as much The DWP has confirmed in its latest guidance that total benefits will usually go up or stay the same if someone puts in a claim for Carer’s Allowance but they shouldn’t decrease. However, it’s important to note that applying for Carer’s Allowance, could mean the person being cared for stops receiving help towards council tax. It could also lead to them not receiving severe Disability Premium paid with their benefits or an extra amount of severe disability paid with Pension Credit. Pensioners should be aware they cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and State Pension at the same time. Carer’s Allowance also acts as a gateway benefit to further financial help such as: