Looking to jet away and enjoy a last-minute break? A travel expert has revealed which days are the best to fly to save you money. According to Anton Radchenko, the founder of AirAdvisor, not only are certain days and times going to save you money but there are many other advantages to travelling on certain days and times. There is an unspoken rule that says that the best days to fly are either Tuesday or Wednesday. These days may save you money as flight tickets are typically cheaper these days. Additionally, airports tend to be less busy in the middle of the week which can save lots of time as well. Anton had some advice for anyone looking to book a flight. He said: “While nothing is for sure, it is a great idea to shop around if your dates are flexible and to look at any and all available dates and determine what the cheapest prices are. READ MORE: 'Judging you': Why Flight attendants 'stand at entrance of the plane' “Most people work during the week, so a lot of them are not making travel plans until the weekend. “In turn, this usually spikes prices and also makes airports busier on days like Fridays, Saturdays, Sundays, and Mondays. Avoiding these days will surely provide some great benefits for you.” As for what the best times to travel are, the expert continued: “There are different circumstances to take into consideration when trying to determine what the best time is for travel. “For example, if you are flying with children, the best time to fly would be at night to allow the children the opportunity to sleep during the flight. DON'T MISS...Menopause weight loss: Foods to avoid to lose 2lbs a week [EXPERT]Woman who ‘couldn’t look in mirrors’ clears acne with wonder cream [BEAUTY]Kate Middleton's parenting style mirrors Diana’s - 2 key traits [BODY LANGUAGE] “If you are trying to get the cheapest prices in airfare, flying in the early morning or late evening is best because this is when airlines tend to have the cheapest rates available.” Anton also suggested avoiding national holidays if possible. “While flying in the middle of the week and at night might be beneficial for most flyers, holidays and certain special events may have an effect on these unspoken rules,” he added. “Flights tend to be more expensive and airports are even busier during holidays, regardless of the day of the week or the time of day, so it is important to plan and be prepared for these circumstances. READ MORE: Travel chaos as major airline cancels hundreds of flights “Remaining flexible is surely to be beneficial as you can plan around the holidays. “It definitely is always best to be prepared and allow for flexibility when making plans to fly. “You never know what unexpected situations can arise so do some research and find the best days and times for your unique situation to make flying a little more enjoyable.” For those looking to get the cheapest prices, there are a few clever tools that can be used to make sure a bargain is to be had. Momondo is a metadata search engine and works similarly to the likes of Skyscanner. However, its standout feature is the 'Flight Insight' data it offers for a number of popular routes - this can be found at the top of the search results. It helps pinpoint when to book, which day to fly and even which airport's cheapest. Before booking, it is advised to try other comparison sites to see if you can beat Momondo’s price.