Some iPhone owners will soon need to upgrade their devices if they want the very latest iOS update from Apple. The US technology firm looks almost certain to release iOS 16 later this month but this blockbuster software update, which includes an all-new Lock Screen and improved messaging, isn't compatible with the same range of devices that currently run iOS 15. A total of five iPhones and one iPod won't be able to download this upgrade once it's released with the original iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone‌ 6s Plus, iPhone‌ 7, iPhone‌ 7 Plus all losing compatibility along with the iPod Touch. This is the first time in years that Apple has removed devices from its yearly software upgrades but that won't be of any comfort to those who are missing out on iOS 16. Anyone owning one of the phones, on the list above, who wants the latest and greatest features will need to buy something new but that upgrade might become a little more enticing next week. Apple is holding a major launch event on September 7 where the firm is expected to reveal its new iPhone 14 range. READ MORE: This £159 TV offers a new way to watch Freeview, Sky, Disney+ and Netflix These devices look set to get an improved processor, faster charging and even the option to have an always-on screen displayed. The invite sent out to media also includes the tease "Far out" and an image of the night sky which suggests that evening photography along the iPhone's zoom could be getting an upgrade. We will find out full details about the iPhone 14 next week with the keynote expected to start at 6pm BST on Wednesday evening. During the live event on Wednesday, we're also expecting the release date of that iOS 16 upgrade to also be announced and here are some of the new features coming in this new operating system. NEW LOCK SCREEN The most exciting change coming to iOS 16 has to be the new Lock Screen. Apple has completely revamped its display with iPhone owners able to fully customise how things look before the screen is unlocked. Once iOS 16 is installed, users will be able to tweak the colours, fonts and styles and even move things around to suit their needs. IMPROVED MESSAGES iOS 16 final lets users apply edits to their texts. In this upgrade, there's the option to tweak what's been written after things have been sent with users getting 15 minutes to make any changes. Along with full editing, there will also be the option to undo a sent message and recall it completely. HEALTH & FITNESS There's a whole swathe of useful benefits arriving in iOS 16 including the option to use the Fitness app even if you don't own an Apple Watch. Using the iPhone's motion sensors, your steps and distance can be tracked with an estimate of your calories then displayed on the screen. Another useful health benefit coming to phones is the ability to track medication. With iOS 16 you can add all of the tablets you take to the Health app with reminders then popping up when they are due to be taken. You can even add custom visuals so you know what each different tablet looks like. Want to know more? You can find all the biggest iOS 16 upgrades here.