Tina Brown claimed the Princess of Wales would have regarded the Duchess of Sussex as someone who was not steering her youngest son in the right direction. Asked how Diana would have felt about Meghan, the author of The Palace Papers and The Diana Chronicles told The Daily Beast she was "very protective of her boys". She said: "Diana was very protective of her boys. She would have been very, very protective of Harry and I believe very anxious about this direction they’ve taken. "I think she would have felt Meghan was steering Harry in a direction that was not good for Harry. "I don’t think Diana would have been the great fan of Meghan that Meghan herself might perhaps imagine." The former Vanity Fair editor-in-chief added Diana would have been thrilled when Harry met Meghan and that her son was happy.  Ms Brown said because Diana was so inclusive she would have been delighted, supportive and thrilled someone of mixed race was joining the Royal Family. Yesterday marked the 25th anniversary of the Princess of Wales's death at the age of 36 in a car crash in Paris. Princes William and Harry are believed to have paid their respects privately rather than together in public as in the past. A source told the Mirror William was not planning to make a public statement, adding: "He will no doubt spend the day reflecting on his mother's incredible legacy and the work he continues to do every day to further it in any way he can."  READ MORE ABOUT PENNY MORDAUNT 'DECLARING' LIZ TRUSS PM The Duke of Sussex has said he will "share the spirit" of his mother with his children when he marks the anniversary of her death. Speaking in Aspen, Colorado, he said of Diana's anniversary: "I want it to be a day filled with memories of her incredible work and love for the way she did it. "I want it to be a day to share the spirit of my mum with my family, with my children, who I wish could have met her. Every day, I hope to do her proud." Harry told US talk show host Oprah Winfrey his mother would have approved of his stepping back from the Royal Family and media appearances.  DON'T MISS: US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage [REVEALED] Royal POLL: Should Harry and Meghan lose their titles? [POLL] Meghan and Harry slammed for 'playing social media liberals for fools' [REPORT] He told Ms Winfrey: "I've got a hell of a lot of my mum in me. The only way to free yourself and break out is to tell the truth." However, Ms Brown claimed Harry has become a "disruptive force" in the family, saying: "Meghan got angry so fast and that's what's rocked the family. They're still reeling and just baffled why it seemed to go wrong so quickly. "It's still a source of great pain to them; they were also completely knocked for six when they decided to do the Oprah interview, and now Harry's doing a book. "Harry has become a disruptive force in the family."  Mourners outside Kensington Palace to mark the 25th anniversary of Diana's death suggested on Wednesday she could have healed the rift between the Duke of Cambridge and the Duke of Sussex. Anne Daley, a well-wisher who woke at midnight to catch the early train from Cardiff, suggested Diana would have bridged the divisions between William and Harry. She said: "They're at war with each other - so we're led to believe - and their wives are at war. "It's a terribly sad situation because we used to see her quite frequently with the children.  "I think like most mothers they'd call a family meeting, say, you know: 'Cut it out, and behave yourselves... stop all this silly nonsense'." Fellow royal fan Chris Imafidon said: "If she was alive, the boys wouldn't be quarrelling. "She knows how to... bring them to her arms and hug them and say: 'Come on, come on, you're brothers, you're there for each other'."