Manchester United have dropped Cristiano Ronaldo once again for their Premier League clash with Leicester on Thursday night. The Portugal international looked destined to depart Old Trafford during the summer transfer window but will now stay where he is after failing to secure a move away.  The Red Devils signed Ronaldo for a second time last August as he returned to the Premier League following nine years with Real Madrid and three years with Juventus. And the ace bagged 18 goals in his maiden campaign back at Old Trafford. But he often cut a frustrated figure as the 13-time Premier League champions suffered a dismal campaign. The 37-year-old then returned to pre-season training late and missed his side’s summer tour as he pushed for a move away amid links with the likes of Chelsea, Napoli, Sporting Lisbon, Marseille and AC Milan. But a move has not been forthcoming and he will spend at least another half a season in the north west. Ronaldo has only started one match this campaign, with his apparent desire to leave and lack of match fitness seemingly getting in the way of a regular place in Erik ten Hag’s line-up. On the occasion he was given the nod to lead the frontline, he was virtually anonymous as United were thumped 4-0 by Brentford. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal    And various social media accounts leaked information that he wouldn't be on the pitch for the start of United's clash with the Foxes. The Red Devils then confirmed his omission when they released their team news an hour before kick-off. Ahead of United’s fifth game of the season at the King Power Stadium, Ronaldo had featured in just 153 of the 360 minutes of football his side had played this season. And he was unable to find the back of the net or provide any assists in that time. So he could now be facing a huge battle to become a key player for Ten Hag. DON'T MISS... Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach     United completed the signing of Ajax winger Antony on Thursday after stumping up an initial £82million to secure his services. And with Marcus Rashford and Anthony Martial vying to lead the line, Ronaldo could find himself being used as an impact substitute more often than not throughout the campaign. Ten Hag has been backed in the transfer market this summer and is building what seems to be a formidable squad at Old Trafford. And he appears to now be planning for life without Ronaldo, with the veteran having just one more year remaining on his current United contract. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 