A mum has been left furious after her neighbour decided to use her parking space without asking for permission. Although the woman admits to not owning a car, she still likes to use the space, considering she doesn't have a garden. The mum took to Mumsnet to express her feelings towards the neighbour and ask for some advice. Remaining anonymous she wrote: "I live in a city in a ground floor flat, no garden but I have a driveway that comes with my flat. “I don't have a car so this Is why I don't know if I'm being unreasonable. "My doorway and driveway get a lot of direct sun so I like to dry my washing out there on racks when the weather is nice. READ MORE: Drivers warned as Liz Truss hints at scrapping speed limits “I also like to sit out there on a chair with a cold drink and a book sometimes." The mum then explained the issue: "A few months ago a family moved into the flat above me and have taken to parking their big people carrier on my drive. “They didn't ask my permission, just assumed they were entitled to because I don't have a car. "My frustration is when their car is there I can't put my washing out, it also blocks a lot of the sun. DON'T MISS Ambulance parked on double-yellow lines sparks parking fury [INSIGHT] Driver slapped with £60 bus lane fine despite not being in country [FINE] Drivers urged not to use common car button to save money on fuel [ADVICE] “They park it diagonally as well which is a pain for me getting my pram in and out. "They are out there at the minute cleaning and hoovering the car about 3ft away from my doorstep so I can't sit out and enjoy the sun in a bit of peace and quiet. "AIBU [Am I being unreasonable] to be unhappy about them using my drive in this way? The poll results will determine what, if anything, I say to them." Several people were quick to reply to the initial post offering their opinions and advice. READ MORE: Drivers warned as E10 petrol could lead to 'performance issues' One said: "Have you spoken to them about it being yours rather than shared that maybe the first step." A second commented: "Omg how cheeky of them! Do they know it’s your drive? Go round with the deeds and tell them to get off." "I'd tell them to stop it ASAP. The longer you leave it, the harder it will be to stop it if you ever do have a car or want your own guest to park there.” A third user added. “You wouldn't let someone pitch up a tent in your back garden so why would you let someone park a car in your front garden?" Another commented: "Tell them it’s your private driveway and they don’t have permission to park there and to move their car. “If you haven’t told them there may simply be a misunderstanding." Meanwhile, someone asked: "Why have you let them park there? You've kind of created the problem, maybe they think it's theirs?"