Everton saw their £30million bid for striker Joao Pedro turned down by Watford after failing to hijack Newcastle’s offer. Frank Lampard has been keen to bring in another striker before the transfer deadline and the Toffees made a late offer for the Brazilian forward just hours before the window closed. The Merseyside outfit lodged an offer worth £25m up front with a further £5m to be paid in add-ons on, according to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, as Lampard desperately aimed to bring in another attacking player, despite successfully keeping Anthony Gordon out of Chelsea's clutches. But Watford have been reluctant to sell the 20-year-old due to his importance to the team and snubbed the proposal put forward by Everton. The club have stated in clear terms that they have no intention of allowing their prized asset to depart so close to the window closing. Newcastle have also made numerous bids for Joao Pedro that have been rejected as Eddie Howe was keen to sign another attacking player. The Magpies boss then sanctioned a £63m move for Alexander Isak from Real Sociedad, with the Swede scoring on his debut. READ MORE: Newcastle 'could complete Joao Pedro transfer this week' after new bid Everton’s attempt to steal in ahead of Premier League counterparts Newcastle comes after Lampard also failed to lure Chile international Ben Brereton Diaz away from Blackburn Rovers. Lampard has already spent £62m on six new signings - not including the £15m capture of James Garner from Manchester United - and the £15m arrival of Neal Maupay from Brighton will at least soften the blow of failing to land the Watford starlet. Pedro scored only three goals in 28 appearances last season in the Premier League last year, with just 15 being from the start. But the sale of Emmanuel Dennis to Nottingham Forest has given him a more prominent role in the squad under Rob Edwards following the Hornets’ relegation to the Championship, contributing two goals and two assists in six outings. LATEST TRANSFER NEWSNewcastle boss Howe makes transfer plea after smashing record for IsakArthur 'fit to play Everton' as midfielder set for Liverpool medicalMan Utd CEO Richard Arnold proven right as Everton close on Garner The player has sought to reaffirm his commitment to the club after being told he would not be allowed to leave this summer, revealing he held talks with the club’s owners to clear the air over his future. “I’m very happy here. I love being at Watford and I want to do more with them,” he wrote on Instagram. “I spoke to the board yesterday and I am fully committed to the club and looking forward to a successful season. Let's go Hornets.” Pedro joined Watford in January 2020 from Fluminense in an £11m deal, similar to the transfer that took Richarlison to the Premier League seven years ago. But it seems as if he will not be following the same path trodden by his compatriot and will remain at Vicarage Road until January at least.