Liverpool are thought to have failed in their last-ditch attempts to land Aston Villa midfielder Douglas Luiz before Thursday's 11pm transfer deadline. The Brazilian is understood to be pushing to join Arsenal, who saw a £20million offer rejected by the West Midlands club earlier in the day. Jurgen Klopp recently backtracked on his stance that the Reds didn't require any midfield reinforcements this summer after seeing injuries take their toll on his squad. Last week, the German confirmed Liverpool would in fact look to add to their midfield ranks before the transfer window closes and it seems they have considered a number of targets. They are understood to be in talks with Juventus over a season-long loan deal for Arthur Melo, but it appears he isn't the only Brazilian midfield option Klopp's side have pushed to sign. According to Sky Sports, Liverpool also made a late move for Aston Villa enforcer Luiz. The 24-year-old, who has entered the final year of his contract with Villa, has become the subject of a deadline day transfer tug-of-war, with Arsenal determined to capture his services. The Gunners are understood to have lodged a £20m offer for the midfielder on Thursday morning, but that initial bid was rejected with Villa thought to be unwilling to sell Luiz this summer. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal However, with Steven Gerrard's side currently in negotiations with midlands rivals Wolves over a £13m move for Leander Dendoncker, it is thought Villa could change their stance. Arsenal are expected to return with an improved offer in the region of £25m as they seek to lure Villa into selling Luiz before the 11pm transfer deadline. Gunners boss Mikel Arteta is said to be eager to add the nine-time Brazil international to his evolving squad having worked closely with the player during their time together at Manchester City. Luiz, who netted against the north Londoners directly from a corner during Villa's 2-1 loss at the Emirates on Wednesday night, is thought to be pushing for the move. Atletico Madrid are also understood to have made a late effort to sign Luiz before the deadline. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach As for Liverpool, it appears Klopp's side have settled on adding Arthur - a player Arsenal were looking to sign back in January - to their ranks before the window closes. The 26-year-old joined Juventus from Barcelona back in 2020 as the Spanish giants sought to rebalance their books, however he ultimately failed to make his mark in Turin. Having missed out on Aurelien Tchouameni to Real Madrid earlier in the window, Liverpool parked plans to add a new all-action midfielder to their squad until next summer. However, injuries to Curtis Jones, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Naby Keita, Thiago and now Jordan Henderson have forced the Reds to dip back into the market.