Netflix’s highly acclaimed historical drama is expected to return to screens with season five in November. However, before the release, the stars who will play Prince William and Kate Middleton have been unveiled.   Although season five has yet to premiere, the show’s bosses have been looking ahead in preparation for The Crown’s sixth and final season. While producers revealed the show would not depict the modern events of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's marriage, it looks as though his brother’s early adulthood will be explored. According to Deadline, The Crown has cast two actors to portray Prince William while newcomer Meg Bellamy will play Kate Middleton. Rufus Kampa will star as the 15-year-old future monarch before Ed McVey takes over the role to depict the Prince’s late teen and early adult years. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling    This will be a major for the young trio as The Crown will be their first-ever television roles. Rufus is expected to make his appearance in line with the episodes which reveal how the Royal Family coped with the tragic death of Princess Diana (played by Elizabeth Debicki). As for the later portrayal of the Duke of Cambridge, viewers will be transported from Buckingham Palace to Scotland where he studied Art History at the University of St Andrews in Fife. This means fans will see how he and Kate first met, as well as the efforts he made to make her, his girlfriend.     As Ed’s profile on the Spotlight casting site revealed he was proficient with firearms, The Crown could show the Prince’s career in the military, which he undertook after finishing University. It was also disclosed that the actor can snowboard, a skill which could also be portrayed on screen as the Royals often take ski trips. Before they appear on screens, viewers will see the dramatised account of Princess Diana and Prince Charles’ (Dominic West) divorce. While season four introduced the Princess of Wales and initially painted the picture of a happy marriage, fans began to see the cracks in their relationship. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [THEORY]The Crown season 6 to feature unique Kelly Brook cameo [INSIGHT]The Crown season 5 'will blow people's minds' due to cast shake-up [INSIGHT]   The upcoming fifth season will explore this further with Elizabeth Debicki portraying the Royal in her later years. Josh O’Conner will also be replaced by Dominic West as Prince Charles to show the age progression of the monarch. The news of a sixth season was well received by fans after the show’s creator Peter Morgan initially stated The Crown would end after season five. He shared: “At the outset, I had imagined The Crown running for six seasons, but now that we have begun work on the stories for season five, it has become clear to me that this is the perfect time and place to stop.    “I’m grateful to Netflix and Sony for supporting me in this decision,” he told The Hollywood Reporter. Peter later retracted his statement and revealed that the writers needed more time to wrap up the historical drama. He explained: “As we started to discuss the storylines for series five, it soon became clear that in order to do justice to the richness and complexity of the story, we should go back to the original plan and do six seasons. “To be clear, series six will not bring us any closer to the present day, it will simply enable us to cover the same period in greater detail,” Peter added to Deadline.  The Crown seasons 1-4 are available on Netflix.  