ITV singing contest The Voice UK is making a comeback as the nights start to draw in. The show will see the four coaches on the look out for Britain’s next singing sensation. However, there is going to be a format shake-up this year and Express.co.uk has the lowdown on the brand-new series. The first episode will be kicking off at 8pm (September 3) this evening and running for 90 minutes. The Voice UK airs after the first episode of The Masked Dancer season two with a new host of disguised celebrities putting their best foot forward as part of the eccentric guessing game series. The Masked Dancer and The Voice UK will be heading up ITV’s autumn weekend programming with the shows taking fans through towards Christmas. The Voice UK coaches Sir Tom Jones, Olly Murs, Anne-Marie and will.i.am will be listening to a whole new bevy of aspiring pop stars as part of the blind auditions, while Emma Willis is again on hosting duties. The singers will be vying to win the coaches over with their sights set on a lucrative record contract with Universal’s label UMOD. The new series will feature a new format addition known as The Callbacks, where the contestants who make it through the blind auditions will then have to fight it out for a place in the semi-finals. Along with the blind auditions, there will also be the block button, which one coach can use to stop another one from turning around. The live audience will again be back to add another dimension to the show as the competition heats up between the judges as they try to put together their teams. This is the first time since 2020 there will be a live audience watch again to offer their own feedback to help the judges make up their minds. Veteran judge Sir Tom said: “Sometimes you can listen to what they are experiencing, you can sort of get a little gage from it, if they are getting excited and they are up and they are enjoying it.” He continued: “You know that the person is delivering visually as well as vocally. We are only interested really in what they sound like before we know what they look like but the audience does help. “Anything live is always more exciting I think, when you do live shows with an audience people bring something special that you can only get from people.” Sir Tom said of the new series: “Whenever I’m back in The Voice UK studio, my expectations are exceeded. “I love the anticipation of hearing unknown singers and I can’t wait to see what’s in store this time around!” He went on to say, he was looking forward to the “natural singers” and “sound like they really mean it” without “trying”. The Welsh crooner said it was about not giving a “forced” performance during the blind audition and admitted he wouldn’t know what he was looking for until he heard it. DON'T MISS...The Voice UK's Olly Murs wows fans with muscular new physique [PICTURES]Anne-Marie walks off crying after Sir Tom Jones' tribute [INTERVIEW]Tom Jones’s fortune laid bare as Welsh crooner has raked in MILLIONS [INSIGHT] Another key piece of advice Sir Tom gave was about the importance of the song choice, saying it was “important” and picking the wrong song might mean a singer might not “come across as well as you should”. The Voice UK has been on quite a journey with the show first airing on the BBC before eventually switching to ITV. There has been a revolving roster of coaches on the show with Jessie J, Kylie Minogue, Jennifer Hudson, and Paloma Faith among the judges on the show over the years. Among them, will.i.am continues to be a coach and has been with the programme since the very beginning. The Voice UK starts on ITV tonight at 8pm