Arsenal have been instantly rewarded for their shrewd work in the transfer market this summer with Mikel Arteta's men very much the Premier League's early pacesetters, and ahead of tonight's 11pm transfer deadline, there may be even more additions to come. The Gunners reportedly remain in the market for a number of players as they seek to build upon their scintillating start to the season. Having fired blanks in the January transfer market, the north Londoners came flying out of the blocks this summer and have since moved to add five new faces to their squad. In addition to completing deals for Marquinhos, Fabio Vieira and Matt Turner, Arsenal secured their top transfer target in Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City in a £45million deal. The Brazilian's former City team-mate Oleksandr Zinchenko has since been acquired and the quintet have seamlessly embedded into Arteta's evolving and now eye-catching squad. With Arsenal having made no secret of their desire to add a winger to their ranks this summer and a number of midfield injuries having left the Emirates outfit somewhat short of options in the centre of the park, there's a growing sense that the Gunners could be set for a busy transfer deadline day. With that in mind, Express Sport takes a closer look at four players they may look to sign before the summer window slams shut. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel Having already been tipped to reinforce in midfield this summer, Arsenal's need for new recruits in the centre of the park has only been made more urgent following injuries to both Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey. One such potential midfield acquisition is Youri Tielemans, who has been heavily linked throughout the summer. The Belgian has entered the final year of his Leicester contract and has shown no indication that he would be willing to extend his King Power stay. Despite Arsenal's apparent interest, the Gunners have yet to submit and offer for the 25-year-old, but with their need for a new midfielder more pressing than ever and the Foxes running out of opportunities to cash in on the playmaker, there's every chance a deal to benefit all parties could be struck in the final few hours of the window. Having missed out on former Leeds winger Raphinha to Barcelona earlier in the window, Arsenal appear to have reassessed their targets in attack and turned their attention to Shakhtar Donetsk starlet Mykhaylo Mudryk. However, the Gunners face an uphill battle to land the 21-year-old, who has drawn comparisons to Neymar, before the transfer window closes. The north Londoners are understood to have seen a £15m offer for the winger rebuffed by the Ukrainian side, who are thought to be holding out for a fee in the region of £30m. Should Arsenal see their efforts to capture the exhilarating prospect this summer, they will likely need to meet Shakhtar's steep demands, with Brentford understood to be interested and willing to break their transfer record in order to sign Ukraine's newest star. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes With Manchester United having cooled their interest in Cody Gakpo having reached an agreement to sign Ajax attacker Antony instead, it appears the PSV Eindhoven winger is up for grabs. Arsenal are understood to be just one of his many Premier League suitors and a move to English shores before the window shuts appears increasingly likely. Gakpo could well be the man to fill the vacancy in the Gunners' attack, but the north Londoners will need to act fast to capture the 21-year-old who struck 10 goals last term and already has four this time around. Both Leeds and Southampton are understood to be pushing to secure the Dutchman, with the Saints thought to be leading the race for his services heading into the final few hours of the window. Arsenal's need for midfield reinforcements has also seen them explore a deal to land Palmeiras prospect Danilo. According to Goal, the Gunners have submitted a £20m bid for the 21-year-old, who has been a mainstay in the Brazilian side's first-team ever since seizing his opportunity back in 2019. However, it is thought the north Londoners will need to up that offer if they are to land the starlet before the transfer window closes come 11pm on Thursday night. At such a young age, Danilo already has a wealth of experience under his belt having amassed 128 appearances and been called up to the Brazil squad for their international friendlies in June. Arsenal should have little trouble in convincing the Selecao starlet to join given the Gunners already possess an ever-expanding raft of Brazilian players and transfer chief Edu carries great influence with a number of contacts back in his homeland.