Britney Spears, 40, has been estranged from both of her sons for months, according to a report by their father Kevin Federline, who suggested that they were "embarrassed" by the string of nude photos she published online over the summer. However, 15-year-old Jayden has now revealed his tumultuous feelings about reconnecting with his mum in a brand new interview, urging her to address issues that "stop her loving her family". The troubled singer's sons were absent from her wedding to personal trainer Sam Asghari over the summer, while her 44-year-old ex-husband Kevin explained that not seeing her for months had been their decision. However, Jayden has now revealed his hopes for a reconciliation on ITV, telling of his fears for her mental well-being. He was speaking to interviewer Daphne Barak, who previously staged an intervention for Amy Winehouse during the height of her drug addiction and subsequently wrote the book, Saving Amy. "I just want her to get better mentally. When she gets better I really want to see her again," Jayden revealed. READ NOW: Amanda Holden, 51, goes braless in unbuttoned crochet dress He added that he and brother Sean Preston, 16, had chosen not to attend her wedding as other family members had not been invited, meaning it "wasn't a good time to go". Addressing the awkward situation, he continued: "If it was just going to be me and Preston, I just don't see how that situation would have ended on good terms." Speaking on the string of controversial Instagram posts Britney has recently posted - including a carousel of nine nudes in just a single day - Jayden added: "Social media helps her.  "If that's what she wants to do, that's what she wants to do, I'm not going to hate her for that." However, he added: "At the same time, she should come to the realisation of whatever it is that stops her loving her family." Jayden clarified: "I 100 per cent think this can be fixed [but] it's just going to take a lot of time and effort." Britney then delivered a lengthy and emotional response via Instagram, hitting out as she claimed she was "held hostage" in a reference to her 13-year conservatorship, adding she had done the best she could to be a present parent. She addressed her son directly in a public post in view of her 42.1 million followers, telling him she loves him, but taking a swipe at Kevin and suggesting he should "mow the lawn". DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  "I’ve tried my best at being the best person I can be... to be basically held hostage in homes under nurses," she wrote to Jayden. She continued: "I hope my kids one day understand my reasoning... revealing myself as any woman would being held under blankets and supervision under the conservatorship! "Finally at 40 without the restraints of what my family did to me … I say to my son Jayden that I send all the love in the world to you every day for the rest of my life." However, the troubled Toxic songstress also made it known that she was deeply hurt. "It deeply saddens me to know [Jayden's] outcry of saying I wasn't up to his expectations as a mother." She continued that she had played "the perfect role" for 15 years, including financially supporting Kevin while she was on tour and judging X-Factor while he was a full time father - but felt she'd done so for "absolutely nothing". Britney added: "About my mental health, dear child understand you must learn to pick up a book and read one before you resort to even thinking about my intellect sweetheart!!!" (sic) However, Britney reiterated that her love for her sons has "no boundaries" and suggested that the pair should have a face to face meeting with her.