The Last Kingdom film called Seven Kings Must Die is in the making for Netflix and fans cannot wait to see Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) return. The historical drama will bring Uhtred's story to a definitive end, with some of the main characters from the series returning. There is a chance his daughter Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) is expecting her late husband Sigtryggr's (Eysteinn Sigurðarson) children. Stiorra went through an ordeal in The Last Kingdom season five as Brida (Emily Cox) decided to torment her to get to Uhtred. She raised her kingdom and slaughtered her people before she lost her husband Sigtyrggr following a huge battle. Stiorra never got over the death of Sigtryggr and it weighed heavily on her shoulders for the rest of the season. His loss influenced her decisions and she was torn between helping her father and protecting the only people she felt she could trust. Seven Kings Must Die could look at how Stiorra deals with the death of her husband and the loss of her kingdom. READ MORE: Tom Jones makes Rochelle Humes emotional after tribute to his wife With Jórvík now under England's rule, she could go to great lengths to win it back. Uhtred may decide to help her, but he has a lot on his own plate as he tries to protect Bebbanburg. One thing that happens to Stiorra in Bernard Cornwell's novels is that she falls pregnant with Sigtryggr's children. During season five, the pair were only recently married and they did not have any children of their own. But with Sigtryggr now gone, is it too late for Stiorra to carry on his bloodline? She has a daughter called Gisela Sigtryggrsdottir but she sadly dies from the plague. There is a chance Stiorra could be pregnant and just did not know it at the time, but her symptoms will start to show soon. Distracted by Brida and losing her kingdom, the last thing on her mind would be having children. With Brida now dead, she could start to notice certain changes to her body that she has not seen before. A child would be the last piece of her husband she is able to hang on to, and she would be over the moon. DON'T MISS... Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims [DISCUSSION] Where is The Last Kingdom's Aethelhelm star Adrian Schiller now? [INSIGHT]The Last Kingdom’s Sigtryggr star pays tribute to Brida actress [INTERVIEW] However, it would be one more thing to worry about as she is forced to protect her child, as well as her own future. Will she use her unborn child as a way of drawing Uhtred back to her as he will have a grandson to think about? Whether she has a child in the film is dependent on how long the time jump will be. There is also the question of whether actress Ruby will appear in the movie in the first place. The full cast list has not been revealed, however, the way season five was left, there is a high chance she will return. Touching on how Stiorra has developed over the years, Ruby said: "The main thing I love about Stiorra is she’s really strong-willed and she’s really feisty and I love how that has carried through her whole character journey. "Because I think when we found her in season four, she was obviously a lot younger than she is now. "She was still being treated like a child. She lived with children who were a lot younger than her, and no one was really listening to her. "But that still didn’t dampen that spirit within her. She was still like, ‘No, please listen to me, I still want to do this’. "I think within season four she developed, and she grew up a lot and she gets kidnapped and she’s in a situation where she thinks she may be killed, but she still doesn’t let go of her core beliefs and she doesn’t back down."  The Last Kingdom is on Netflix now and filming has wrapped on Seven Kings Must Die.