The latest reality craze to hit streaming service Netflix has proven divisive, with reactions ranging from confused to outright disgusted. Dated and Related challenges eight sets of sibling pairs to find love in the South of France, and subscribers have taken to Twitter to express their disdain for the uncomfortable antics which ensued. The first season of Dated and Related has been branded “uncomfortable” and “cringeworthy” after its debut this Friday. Although the misleading title may lead some viewers to believe the show’s romantic pairings are related, thankfully this isn’t the case. Instead, host Melinda Berry challenges 16 contestants to find love through flirty challenges and double dates, all with their relatives present. A $100,000 prize is at stake, but viewers have been left wondering if finding love is worth it if your brother or sister has a front-row seat to all the action. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling All 10 episodes of the show’s first season dropped this week, but some viewers clearly gave up well before the winners were announced. Twitter user @shifty_eyes said: “I tried to watch Dated and Related but it’s truly awful and the cast is not likeable. I’d rather watch paint dry.” And @loo_lu15 wrote: “I’m watching #DatedAndRelated and I don’t know why I’m dying from secondhand embarrassment. This show is low-key cringe.” Fellow Netflix subscriber @da1nie25 said simply: “This is f*****g weird #DatedandRelated.” While @MissCocosCorner managed to sit through the entire season, admitting: “Melinda did a great job hosting - Well done babes.” However, she added: “The concept of the show was weird, the contestants lacked a bit of spice. It's giving Love Island with siblings.” She wasn’t the only one who felt the concept was derivative, as @diiana_vm added: “This show is such a knock-off of all other dating shows, but I can't stop watching.” And @Sisa_Says also found the series strangely addictive, adding: “#DatedandRelated is so incredibly awful and I LOVE IT.” DON'T MISS:Yellowstone's Angela star Q’orianka Kilcher returns [LATEST]Rings of Power star ‘terrified’ by Stranger’s entrance [EXCLUSIVE]The Rookie season 5 trailer: Major death teased by return of old face [VIDEO] Netflix’s new series clearly hoped to win over reality show fans with Too Hot To Handle’s Melinda taking on presenting duties. Sadly, Dated and Related may already be dead in the water if the mixed response on its first day of release is anything to go by. As ever with Netflix’s catalogue of reality shows, there was plenty of drama, chaos and even some genuine romantic connections to be found along the way. At the start of the series, viewers were introduced to original sibling pairs Joey and Corrina Roppo, Kaz and Kieran Bishop, Lily and Mady Bajor, Deyon and Dyman Miller, and Diana and Nina Parsijani. Plus, four more pairs joined the group in the third, fifth and seventh episodes of the series to make things even more interesting. In episode seven, Melinda left jaws on the floor by revealing the winners of the cash prize would not be a sibling pair but, in fact, a successful romantic couple. Several contestants were eliminated along the way, and newcomer Will infuriated the villa with his cynical ploy to enter a relationship and walk away with the money. Thankfully, genuine couple Kaz and Diana took the gold, having remained a solid romantic pairing throughout their time on the series. Date and Related season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.