Anthony Joshua will return to the ring in December against a top 15 opponent with plans for a ‘big fight in China’ against former amateur rival Zhang Zhilei thereafter. Joshua’s promoter Eddie Hearn has announced that AJ will embark on a world tour over the next year fighting in London, Vegas, the Middle East, Australia, and Beijing. The opponent being targeted for the latter is Zhang – who lost to Joshua in the London 2012 Olympic quarterfinals. Hearn has been keen on the fight for quite some time and has had his eyes on breaking into the Chinese market with the match-up since signing Big Bang to Matchroom Boxing in 2020. Now, with Joshua in a rebuilding process following his devastating defeat to Oleksandr Usyk last month, the fight has become a real possibility for the not-so-distant future. “We're all gunning for a December return," Hearn told the Daily Mail. “It's not confirmed, but that's where everyone's minds are at. It will be someone credible, who AJ can come back, express himself against and build on what he's learning in camp. “He can then build himself back up to fighting for a heavyweight title again. The likes of Zhilei Zhang and Otto Wallin would certainly fall into that category. Look, there's the Zhang fight. A lot of people think he beat Filip Hrgovic and that's a big fight in China, but I just feel that the next fight should be in the UK. It will be at the O2 or Manchester Arena, we won't do a stadium fight. “Now Joshua is in control of his own future. We can fight who we want, when we want, where we want, and let’s go on an AJ world tour. I want London, I want Vegas, I want Beijing, I want the Middle East, and I want Australia. We can do all of that in a year.” MORE BOXING NEWS...  Ruiz shoots down weight rumours with Joshua comment before Ortiz bout Canelo weighs in on Joshua's Usyk meltdown ahead of Golovkin clash Andrew Tate vows to mimic KSI and calls out two YouTube influencers The first port of call for Joshua will be returning to the UK to kick off his world tour. Dillian Whyte was among the names rumoured to take up the challenge, but Hearn insists that fight won’t take place until the spring or summer of 2023. Fitting the description of a top 15 opponent that could be available around the time frame that Hearn is suggesting is Martin Bakole, Otto Wallin, Frank Sanchez, and Tony Yoka (according to BoxRec rankings).