The Queen's annual summer stay in Balmoral is set to be interrupted next week, as the new Prime Minister is set to travel into Scotland to meet with the 96-year-old. Speaking on Palace Confidential, historian Dr Tessa Dunlop states that the monarch's willingness to meet with the new Prime Minister, as well as Boris Johnson, is a "good sign" that is "still actively in the game". Speaking of the Queen meeting the new Prime Minister next week, Dr Dunlop said: "I'm someone who works a huge amount with women in their very late nineties and hundreds, and this is a sign she's still actively in the game." She added: "I think she's worried about the state of Britain. "You know, we are in a crisis at the moment." Dr Dunlop continued: "I think she probably wants to have a quiet word with the new Prime Minister and I take that as a good sign. READ MORE: Meghan Markle called out for major ‘backtracking’ on social media: ‘Totally stunned me’ "Of course, she doesn't want to schlep down to Buckingham Palace from her holidays, who would." The new Prime Minister, either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak, will be the first in history to be appointed anywhere but London. All fourteen of the Queen's previous Prime Ministers, including Boris Johnson, were appointed at Buckingham Palace. Boris Johnson will also be head to Scotland to meet the Queen. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan It is understood that the change in location was made due to the Queen's ongoing mobility issues and to prevent the need for any last-minute rearrangements, in relation to the Queen's health. On Wednesday, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said that the Queen "will receive Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Tuesday, September 6 at Balmoral." They noted that this will be followed by "an audience with the new PM". It has been a long tradition that the Queen meets and appoints the Prime Minister to lead Her Majesty's Government. DON'T MISS Kate has worn three different tiaras unlike Meghan Markle - here's why [REVEALED] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry eye new 'eye-watering mega deals' [REPORT] Omid Scobie claims Charles's office is 'concerned' ahead of The Crown [REPORT] Whoever is appointed as the new Prime Minister will be the Queen's 15th Prime Minister during her 70-year reign. The Queen has often recently been spotted with a support of a walking stick. She has suffered with her health for some time, particularly with mobility issues. In February, she tested positive for COVID-19, shortly after the Prince of Wales and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall got struck down with the virus. READ NEXT: