Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has been told that a potential transfer mistake is one of the reasons behind the Reds' disappointing 0-0 draw with local rivals Everton on Saturday. Mohamed Salah had a late chance saved by goalkeeper Jordan Pickford, as Klopp's side stumbled to their third draw this season. Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand highlighted injuries to midfielders, Salah being out of form and Sadio Mane's exit as three reasons why Liverpool have been unable to find the same form from last season. “I think injuries play a part," Ferdinand told BT Sport. "You can’t go away from that, the midfield has depleted of the stars, Henderson went off in the week, that area of the pitch he hasn’t been able to put his first-choice front three in there. That’s a big part of it. That’s something you’ve got to deal with but they’ve had injuries over the years. “Salah not firing, normally you have Salah or [Sadio] Mane and obviously Mane isn’t here, Salah isn’t firing yet. It is difficult but they’re a team who will be around there at the end of the season. MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move "I think Liverpool had the clearer chances, they hit the woodwork three or four times. I think Liverpool would be frustrated at the end, I don’t think they played particularly well, not great control as you’d expect with Liverpool. They didn’t have that luck in front of goal and sometimes these days happen where you play against a goalkeeper and nothing goes past him. Pickford today, eight saves and a big performance." Former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch believes that the draw will only prompt further questions to the Reds this season. "The last five or ten minutes they were applying pressure and Salah had moments in that last ten minutes where you thought ‘why couldn’t you do that in the first half’," Crouch added. "That’s going to be another criticism labelled at Liverpool because he’s started badly. They just didn’t start well." DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move  Klopp admitted that a touch turnaround of games since playing early on Saturday after needing a 98th-minute winner to defeat Newcastle on Wednesday evening may have played a part in his side's slow start. "It’s not so easy," Klopp said. "Super intense week, Wednesday night really tough game had to go to the wire, few days later you play here. "Yes we had, especially last season where it might’ve looked slightly different, they were in a different moment at the time and if you open up with the goal the situation can look different. I don’t know how many derbies are played now but quite a difficult and always difficult here and it was today."