“Poland is being robbed, and a leading role in this plundering is played by German politicians led by von der Leyen,” Ziobro said, calling on Warsaw to stop yielding to demands from both Brussels and Berlin. As it is, Hungary and Poland must be wondering if they will ever get the cash the EU is supposed to be giving them. The money – part of the EU’s post-COVID stimulus plan – is meant to help countries in southern and eastern Europe recover from the pandemic. But from the perspectives of Hungary and Poland, the goalposts keep on moving, since Brussels insists the cash is tied to apparent rule of law milestones. Not long ago, the European Commission said it was approving a plan by Poland to ensure they got access to the funds. Yet, now four European judges’ associations have challenged the decision. The organisations filed a lawsuit last weekend against the Council of the EU over its decision to agree to Poland’s plan. The groups claim the Council approved Warsaw’s plan in a way which disregards judgments from the Court of Justice of the EU, while undermining Polish judges and the European judicial system. Even before this latest development, Poland believed replacing a disciplinary chamber for judges in the country’s top court, with a new body, would satisfy EU demands on judicial independence. But European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen then said the new law did not give judges the right to question judicial appointments without facing disciplinary proceedings. Hungary meanwhile pledged to change its own public procurement procedures, but that still has not satisfied Brussels, which questions Hungary’s anti-corruption measures, as well as independence of the judiciary. For Hungary and Poland, the tying of EU cash to the rule of law has all been a thinly-disguised attempt at imposing liberal values on central and eastern European states, and is all starting to feel a bit like Groundhog Day. Today, the EU – split by a cultural Iron Curtain – which divides a progressive west from a conservative east, is becoming a toxic marriage in need of an amicable divorce. What Hungary and Poland see as continued goalpost-moving is also an attempt – as they see it - to influence public opinion in the two countries, and turn the Hungarian and Polish people against their governments. The fact the EU has been turning a blind eye to apparent corruption in other EU countries adds to this sense of unfairness in Budapest and Warsaw. At some point, Budapest and Warsaw may just walk away. After all, the sums involved (€17bn for Hungary and €35bn for Poland) are tiny compared to their overall economies, while both suffer from energy policy towards Russia. Meanwhile, both countries – like many in central and eastern Europe – are likely to become net contributors to the EU by 2030, making them even less dependent on EU cash in the future. Furthermore, unlike say Greece or Italy, most countries in central and eastern Europe never joined the eurozone, which means – like Britain – they could leave the EU far more easily than countries which use the euro currency. For Hungary and Poland, this has less to do with the judiciary and more to do with ideology, all the while enforcing policies which benefit Germany to the detriment of other EU states. Whatever dispute Hungary and Poland have over Russia and Ukraine meanwhile, the reality is that their values and interests align too much to let Moscow come between them. Brussels may sometimes want to see the back of the central and eastern EU states, but it would be a public relations disaster - following Brexit – if these countries actually left. But, for Hungary and Poland, and other states in the region, leaving the bloc and forming their own club – where they get to set the rules – may become a more palatable option than this.