In 1997, Diana, Princess of Wales was killed in a fatal car crash in Paris, leaving behind her two sons, Prince William and Prince Harry, who were just 15 and 12 at the time of her passing. The princes have often spoken publicly about their beloved mother but it has now been reported that the two will adopt a new tradition "going forward" and will honor their mother "privately", instead of a host of public tributes. Speaking on the latest episode of the podcast Royally Obsessed, which was solely dedicated to the late princess on the milestone anniversary of her death, host Roberta Fiorito discussed Diana's sons' decision, claiming that "they're done" with documentaries. Speaking alongside her co-host Rachel Bowie, Ms Fiorito said: "We know that there's years passed, public displays of remembering of Diana around this, but that won't be the case going forward. "The brothers plan to honor her privately and quietly." She added: "There was a mention in Prince Harry's speech, he gave over the week, in Aspen. "They've said, really, that they're done with the documentaries, they're done, they had a statue honouring her last year in Kensington Palace Gardens, but that's really it moving forward." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan Ms Fiorito also spoke of how we could see an honor from Charles Spencer, Diana's brother. She concluded: "But, I don't know if we will hear anything publicly. "It's just a sad week." Princess Diana was just 36 years old when she was killed during the early hours on August 31, 1997. READ MORE: 'Eye-watering sums offered': Meghan Markle and Prince Harry tipped for new 'mega deals' She was killed alongside her partner and the driver of the car. Diana's boyfriend, Dodi Fayed and Henri Paul, who was driving the car were pronounced dead at the scene. Diana was still alive at the scene and was taken to hospital, where she was later pronounced dead. Their bodyguard, Trevor Rees-Jones, was severely injured but survived the crash. DON'T MISS Kate has worn three different tiaras unlike Meghan Markle - here's why [REVEALED] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry eye new 'eye-watering mega deals' [REPORT] Omid Scobie claims Charles's office is 'concerned' ahead of The Crown [REPORT] Last week, Prince Harry, Diana's youngest son, attended a charity event for Sentebale in Aspen, Colorado during which the 37-year-old paid tribute to his late mother in his speech. Harry said: "Next week is the 25th anniversary of my mother’s death, and she most certainly will never be forgotten. READ NEXT: