Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Princess Anne and Prince Charles, were photographed in Braemar, Scotland, on Saturday. The Braemar Gathering is the most famous of the Highland Games and attracts thousands of visitors every year to watch one of the more colourful Scottish traditions. The Gathering has been celebrated for over 200 years and Queen Elizabeth is the Patron of The Braemar Royal Highland Society, organiser of the annual Braemar Gathering. The Duchess of Cornwall was photographed arriving with Prince Charles wearing a long green coat, a matching hat and brown boots. Princess Anne, who arrived at the event separately, also wore a dark green outfit consisting of a blazer with red buttons, a matching skirt, and a red hat. Camilla's coat featured a red detail around the neck and she seemed to be wearing a ruffled white shirt underneath. READ MORE: Doria Ragland has 'natural charisma' - unlike Carole Middleton The Duchess sported a chic hat with a brown and red feather in the middle, opted for a natural make-up look and styled her hair in her usual platinum blow-dry. For accessories, Camilla wore a cute green handbag, a pair of diamond and pearl earrings and a delicate diamond brooch, looking fantastic in her elegant outfit. During the event, the royal was all smiles while chatting to Prince Charles and Anne as well as the people who had gathered to watch the Highland Games.   Princess Anne also opted for a green outfit; a two-piece suit with red buttons and a matching red hat. She also seemed to be wearing a red blouse underneath her blazer and finished the look with a pair of black gloves. The Princess Royal accessorised her elegant outfit with black pumps and a black handbag. Also matching the Duchess of Cornwall, Princess Anne donned pearl earrings and a diamond brooch. The royal also wore minimal make-up but decided to style her hair in a sophisticated low bun. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Both Camilla and Princess Anne’s green outfits gave a nod to Scotland, with their red tartan trim, and the red button detail. The event took place near Balmoral, in the Scottish Highlands, where the Queen, as well as Charles and Camilla, are currently staying. Her Majesty was unable to attend the Braemar Gathering but as it was live streamed, it is believed she watched it from Balmoral Castle. Prince Charles was photographed wearing a traditional Scottish outfit, sporting a green tartan kilt, red socks and black brogues. Charles finished the outfit with a pale brown tweed blazer, a lavender shirt, and a striped tie. This year’s competition is the first one since the start of the pandemic. The organisers explained: "We are passionate about our traditions, heritage and history and we are excited that we can reach new and old audiences to share those with you." In previous years, Her Majesty has enjoyed the games from the Royal Pavilion, particularly the Highland dancing competition. Royal fan @from.birkhall.with.love commented: "I could not be happier with this wonderful and lovely appearance! The Duchess looks glorious."