 This week, Meghan Markle found herself at the centre of a media storm following her bombshell interview with New York-based magazine The Cut. Journalist Allison P. Davis was invited to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s home in Montecito for a candid conversation about Meghan’s podcast Archetypes. However, the Duchess also gave insight into her and her husband Prince Harry’s new lives in the US, which they chose in favour of their senior positions within the Royal Family two years ago.  Ms Davis began her story: “The conditions are right for confession,” going on to describe the sunny day in California on which she and Meghan sat down for the exclusive interview. Sitting on a “cosy chair” in her “beautiful sitting room”, the Duchess asked in a “conspiratorial hush, ‘Do you want to know a secret?’” Following a moment of silence, she revealed: “‘I’m getting back … on Instagram.’” Meghan’s confession has come as a surprise to some royal commentators, who recalled the Duchess’ previous decision not to use social media. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan to be 'shunted down ladder' as they face 'awkward situation' with Queen  Speaking on this week’s episode of their podcast, Royally Obsessed, Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito noted Meghan’s interview with Fortune magazine in October 2020, during which the Duchess revealed she was not using social media anymore. Ms Bowie said: “A memorable moment that I did want to talk about — the Instagram. “To have that be in the opening paragraph, that Meghan might be back on Instagram, totally stunned me.” Ms Fiorito added: “I didn’t like that she then backtracked it though. That made me upset.”  The pair questioned whether the Duchess’ social media return “is really happening”, with Ms Fiorito recalling: “She did say in Fortune Magazine that she was never going to return to social media and there were a lot of reasons why, so it felt like she was trolling.” In her story, Ms Davis admitted Meghan’s confession “could have been a troll”. She explained: “Delivering a nothing with such gravitas feels as if Meghan, who has been so trolled by the media, is serving it back, just a little.” However, the journalist added: “But, as I quickly realise, it is actually news.” Later in the interview, Meghan said she was no longer sure she wanted to return to the social platform, “backtracking” on her early confession.  When Meghan and Harry got engaged back in November 2017, the former Hollywood actress had to relinquish control of her personal Instagram account, on which she had managed to amass three million followers. Before her relationship with the prince, Meghan was a prolific social media user and even had her own lifestyle blog, The Tig, in which she shared insight into her life with her readers. The Duchess told The Cut: “It was a big adjustment — a huge adjustment to go from that kind of autonomy to a different life.” As an official member of the Royal Family, she was able to join Harry, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William on @kensingtonroyal, a preexisting Instagram account that she had no control over. In April 2019, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex launched their own profile, @sussexroyal, which accumulated a million followers within six hours.  Going against royal protocol, Meghan and Harry went on to break their own news and posted photos when and how they wanted to. But soon after they stepped back from their royal duties, the couple had to shut down the account as they were longer permitted to use ‘royal’ in their branding. In their final post, the couple said: “Thank you to this community - for the support, the inspiration and the shared commitment to the good in the world. “We look forward to reconnecting with you soon. You’ve been great! Until then, please take good care of yourselves, and of one another. Harry and Meghan.” DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS]  Six months later, in October 2020, Meghan spoke at the Fortune Most Powerful Women Next Gen Summit. She said: “For my own self-preservation, I have not been on social media for a very long time. “I made a personal choice to not have any account, so I don’t know what’s out there, and in many ways that’s helpful for me.” Her decision came after years of public scrutiny, having been thrust into the spotlight as the girlfriend of a much-loved British prince and a new member of the Royal Family. Ms Davis wrote: “The constant bullying had been too much,” adding, “so this divulgence, in addition to being newsworthy, is a symbol of progress: proof that she and Harry have made it to the other side of all the drama that defined their past three years.” The Duchess claimed her new podcast was a contributing factor to her decision to return to Instagram.  Since Meghan announced the launch of ‘Archetypes’ in March, royal watchers and commentators have been eagerly awaiting the Sussexes’ latest project. Last week, the Duchess released her first episode which included a conversation about ambition with her friend and tennis champion Serena Williams. Then, on Tuesday, the second episode saw Meghan sit down with Mariah Carey to talk about what it means to be labelled a ‘Diva’.  Each episode features conversations with her famous friends, experts and historians, discussing the ways women are unfairly type-casted or stereotyped — an experience, Meghan told Ms Davis, she has been through herself and is now ready to talk about.