On the MeaningfulMoney YouTube channel, chartered financial planner Pete Matthew discussed the reasons for people not to take tax free cash from their pensions. He stressed that people should plan effectively to ensure their pensions are used to lower their inheritance bill, not increase it. He said: “People should not take money from their pension if they have an inheritance tax problem. “Pensions are an incredibly flexible vehicle when it comes to estate planning. “Any money held in a defined contribution pension fund is usually not counted as one’s estate. “This means a pension fund could be paid put to your beneficiaries very quickly, without having to wait for probate and also it is not subject to inheritance tax. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces September 2022 winners - have you won £1million prize? Inheritance tax is a tax on the estate (the property, money and possessions) of someone who’s died. For most people, everything over £325,000 is taxed at 40 percent. If someone dies before they’re 75, anyone who inherits their defined contribution pension fund won’t pay any tax. This is subject to the money being paid (or moved into another arrangement for payment as income or lump sums in the future) within two years of the earlier of the following dates: Any assets left when someone dies, such as cash or savings, even if they were originally part of your pension pot, will be part of their estate for inheritance tax purposes. READ MORE: 'Soon adds up!' Man shares 'pretty simple' way he's boosted income by £2,000 In most cases, any pensions people have can be passed outside of your estate and so won’t be subject to inheritance tax. However, for this to be the case, the pension scheme administrator would need to have discretion as to who the benefits are paid to. If an individual dies before the age of 75, any pension that has not been accessed already will be tested against the person's lifetime allowance. The lifetime allowance is the limit one can build up in pensions over their lifetime while still enjoying the full tax benefits. The lifetime allowance will remain at this level until April 5, 2026. If this allowance is exceeded, a tax charge must be paid on the amount above the allowance. However, any pension that a beneficiary inherits won’t count towards their own lifetime allowance. If someone dies after 75, anyone who inherits their pension will be taxed on any income received as earnings at their marginal rate of income tax. If their beneficiaries select to take money out through flexible retirement income (pension drawdown) then they will only be taxed on any income they take, in the tax year that they take it. There are no lifetime allowance tests carried out if you die after age 75.