Tottenham Hotspur have enjoyed one of the Premier League's most eye-catching summer transfer windows in Antonio Conte's first as head coach. Conte has received significant backing after guiding the club back into the Champions League but could have time for one more recruit on deadline day. According to Reuters, Tottenham could sign Atletico Madrid forward Yannick Carrasco, and the La Liga club are 'afraid' they will lose him before the summer deadline. The report claims he has a £52million release clause, but his future remains uncertain, and he could arrive in the Premier League within the next 24 hours. Manchester United have also reportedly been interested in Carrasco as an alternative target this summer before completing the £85m signing of Ajax winger Antony. Carrasco was said to be priced at £25.5m earlier in the window, so Spurs could test Los Rojiblancos' resolve with an offer of similar worth. The limited time to acquire a replacement on deadline day could see Atletico demand the 28-year-old's entire release clause to offload him, though. But Spurs are eyeing final attacking reinforcements before 11pm, with links to Leeds United winger Daniel James also intensifying. JUST IN: Five craziest deadline day deals including Man Utd and Liverpool moves  Tottenham sporting director Fabio Paratici has been busy providing Conte with reinforcements en masse in the past few months. The Lilywhites' summer started with the arrivals of Fraser Forster and Ivan Perisic on free transfers before Yves Bissouma joined in a £25m deal from Brighton & Hove Albion. Richarlison followed him through the door in a £60m move, while Clement Lenglet arrived on loan from Barcelona. Djed Spence then completed a £20m switch from Middlesbrough, and the club's summer spending was rounded off by capturing Udinese starlet Destiny Udogie for £21m. READ MORE: Alan Shearer issues salty response to Liverpool's last-gasp winner  Tottenham have started the season in impressive fashion and are unbeaten in the first five games, winning three and drawing two. They kicked off their campaign with a 4-1 triumph over Southampton before nicking a late 2-2 draw at Chelsea. Wednesday's 1-1 derby stalemate against West Ham United followed wins over Wolves and Nottingham Forest. Conte is likely eyeing another attacking signing to allow Bryan Gil to return to Valencia on loan, with the young winger waiting for the green light if Spurs secure a replacement. Carrasco or not, a forward arriving at Spurs is a potential avenue to keep tabs on as deadline day continues. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here