The Big Breakfast on Channel 4 aired its last episode on Saturday morning, with hosts AJ Odudu and Mo Gilligan presenting the final instalment of the series. As they introduced the show, they revealed how much they were going to miss one another and even brought presents for one another. Viewers of the show were shocked and saddened to find out it was the last episode of the series and begged for it not to end. Taking to their Twitter accounts, Lucy Adamson commented: "Gutted that @TheBigBreakfast is coming to an end! "You can't tease me like this, This show should be back EVERY SINGLE morning @Channel4 #TheBigBreakfast #BigBreakfast." @Bassbaybee added: "Gonna miss this show so much! Has given us so many laughs! Best breakfast show ever! Please bring it back soon @Channel4." @LisaAnd78942765 exclaimed: "Gonna miss you guys. Love watching you on Saturday morning, great way to kick the weekend off.Hope you're back soon." READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy to leave with Meg as fans 'work out' replacement @ShakyWoon said: "Time for #TheBigBreakfast - the last in the series!" @IckieBickie begged: "Absolutely love the energy #TheBigBreakfast is bringing. Mo & AJ have such great chemistry. More please." @uisegebeatha praised: "Can't believe this is the last #TheBigBreakfast, this has been the best way to wake up." (sic) Opening the final episode of the show, Mo exclaimed: "Welcome to The Big Breakfast finale, it is an absolute party!"  AJ added: "Right it is the end of the summer, kids are back to school and I cannot believe that this is the last show. "Guys, genuinely what am I going to do with my Saturday mornings now? I am genuinely going to miss you," she told Mo. "I am going to miss you too," Mo added. "I am going to miss her, setting me up and calling me Winnie the Pooh. Yeah, I'll never forget that one. "But I don't hold grudges and you are my good friend so I thought it's good to get your good friend a good gift." DON'T MISS...Charlie Stayt on why some BBC presenters never host together [INSIGHT]Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel hits out at Dick's 'punishing' demands [WATCH] Mo unveiled a statue of himself holding his BAFTA award, featuring a speaker which when pressed played his catchphrases from the series. AJ also presented Mo with a canvas image of himself dressed as Winnie the Pooh, where she informed him he could hang it up in his bathroom. After the moment, Channel 4 tweeted their own account with the clip and captioned it: "Aw, they got each other gifts! "We’re really going to miss @MoTheComedian & @AJOdudu. But we've always got the memories #TheBigBreakfast." The final show saw a star-stunned line-up which included Mr Blobby, Gemma Collins, Judi Love, Russell Howard, Ross Kemp, Olivia Attwood, Melvin Odoom and Rosie Jones. At the end of the show, the guests all took part in riding a mechanical champagne bottle, which saw Rosie come out on top with 26 seconds on the machine. She was gifted an actual bottle of champagne which she decided to shake and spray around the garden in celebration of her triumph and the series ending. The Big Breakfast series 1 is available to watch on All4.