Liam Gallagher, 49, has previously hit out at the Brian May, 75, and now the Oasis frontman has admitted he will be 'hiding' from the Queen guitarist this weekend at the Taylor Hawkins Tribute Concert. The opinionated singer said he "sl***ed" Brian off in the past, so he will be "putting [his] hood up and running off". Liam made a comment this evening on DJ Johnny Vaughn's Radio X show, when the presenter asked about the tribute gig. The Oasis star said: "I met [Taylor Hawkins] a few times. I wouldn’t say we were bezzie mates and that, you know what I mean, but we'd speak to each other a lot on the phone at stupid o'clock. "And, you know, talk about rock and roll, man. But it’s sad, isn’t it?" Johnny then asked: "Brian May was there?" READ MORE: Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 Liam continued: "Brian May? I'm hiding from Brian May. "I’m hiding from him because I’ve sl***ed him off, so if I do see him I’ll be putting my hood up and running off." Johnny joked: "He’s gone badger mad, he’s badger mad!" Fellow radio presenter Sunta chimed in: "I think you could take Brian May, I don’t think you need to worry." Liam replied: "He’s tall, man, he’s tall. I just can’t be a***d with the hassle. "So if I see him I’ll just blame it on our kid [Noel], say it was our kid who sl***ed him off." Johnny then added: "But you're not running scared from the Queen mob?" The Oasis frontman concluded: "I ain’t running scared from Queen, I’m just saying we don’t want to be getting into altercations on a tribute night, do we?" DON'T MISS... TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [DEATH] Jane Fonda announces she has been diagnosed with cancer [HEALTH] Nicola Peltz 'never intended' to wear Victoria Beckham wedding dress [INSIGHT] Liam previously spoke to Magnet magazine about Queen, pondering: "Do I like Queen? Uh, not really, no. I mean, I get Freddie Mercury has a great voice and all that. "Obviously, they've got some great songs but I do find them a bit Queen-y, listen, they're a top band and obviously, they've got great songs, but I don't know, man. "Listen, they’re a top band and obviously they’ve got great songs, but I dunno, man. "Brian May’s guitar sound sounds like he’s got it clogged in his a*s. I respect him and all that, but I don’t know, man." Taylor Hawkins, the late drummer and focus of the tribute concert died in March 2022, aged 50, of a suspected heart attack. after a "white powder" was discovered in his hotel room. Now, to pay tribute to the star, his Foo Fighter bandmates are putting on a gig at Wembley Stadium to pay tribute to the musician. On the night, fans will be treated to performances from Liam Gallagher, The Foo Fighters, Brian May and Travis Barker. Tune into Johnny Vaughan on Radio X, weekdays from 4 - 7pm and Saturdays from 11am – 1pm