That is the warning from the Bank of England as it takes paper notes out of circulation for the final time. The older, more familiar notes are to be replaced with polymer alternatives which are more difficult to counterfeit. After September 30, 2022, the legal tender status of paper £20 and £50 notes will be removed. It means the older notes will need to be used or deposited with the bank or Post Office before the final deadline. Once September 30, 2022 has passed, only polymer notes will have legal tender status, and the old notes will no longer be able to be used. However, many UK banks will accept withdrawn notes as deposits from customers, so there may still be a chance to use them for this purpose. READ MORE: New state pension underpayments found - could you get money back? The Bank of England will also always exchange any notes which have been withdrawn in the past. £5, £10, £20 and £50 notes will all be polymer after the deadline of September 30, 2022, with the final paper notes phased out. The old notes can be presented for exchange in person at the Bank’s premises in London, or sent by post at the sender’s risk to the Bank in Threadneedle Street, London. Speaking ahead of the date, Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, Sarah John, said: “Changing our banknotes from paper to polymer over recent years has been an important development. DON'T MISSState pensioners could see ‘purchasing power’ weakened with inflation [ANALYSIS]Pension alert as Britons set for ‘retirement savings crisis’ [INSIGHT]Barclays issues urgent warning as scam could land you in prison [WARNING] “It makes them more difficult to counterfeit, and means they are more durable. “The majority of paper banknotes have now been taken out of circulation, but a significant number remain in the economy, so we’re asking you to check if you have any at home.” Spending cash is becoming a difficult endeavour as Britons tighten their belts to weather to storm of the cost of living crisis. Cash is becoming a rarity due to the shift towards contactless card payments, and some retailers operating card only payments. READ MORE: Money saving Mum cuts £650 off daily shop by 'doubling up' A recent study funded by Link showed cash payments are likely to fall to as little as 10 percent of all UK transactions within the next 15 years. Former financial ombudsman, Natalie Ceeney, the report’s author, said: “If we sleepwalk into a cashless society, millions will be left behind.” Cash is still prevalent, however, with British holidaymakers who are more convinced the medium of payment will be accepted everywhere, as well as it helping them to keep track of spending amid the cost of living crisis. For example, research from money specialists No1 Currency showed two-thirds of those asked trust cash, whereas only 20 percent trust digital or smartphone payments. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Cash is still widespread at present, and the shift towards new notes does not represent a move away from the use of physical money. It may make it slightly more difficult to have older notes accepted everywhere. As a result, individuals may wish to take action to spend these notes sooner rather than later to avoid missing out.