Bathroom tiles can get dirty quickly, especially because a bathroom is an area of the home used everyday. Not only can dirt and grime spoil the look of a bathroom, it is also incredibly unhygienic. To clean my tiles, I decided to put my Flash Speedmop to the test. I purchased the nifty mop a couple of months ago when I moved house to make cleaning easier. On the market for around £7, I picked it up in B&M but it is also available in supermarkets. The mop, which is slim and very easy to store, comes with wet wipes which dissolve, absorb and lock grime. The wipes slot into the four holes on the top of the mop for effective cleaning. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients Flash have also recently released dry dusting clothes to help trap and lock dirt, dust and hair but I am yet to trial these out. The Flash Speedmop really appealed to me because of its easy and quick use, there is no leftover water that you have to get rid of. I do try to limit the amount of times I use the mop as the wet pad is only one use, making it not the best for the environment. However, according to the description of the mop on Asda’s website, the wet clothes can be recycled through Terracycle. DON'T MISS:Bradley Walsh’s private life with Donna in quiet Essex town [INSIGHT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ way to wash bedding to avoid common laundry ‘mistakes’ [EXPERT] After coming across a hack online which demonstrated using the mop on tiles, I decided to give it a go and it couldn’t have been easier. Assembling the mop as I would to clean floors, I started to glide the mop over the tiles above my bath. I found it incredibly useful in reaching the top of the tiles which I usually neglect because they are so hard to reach. Both sides of the cleaning wipe are wet meaning you can get a lot of surface area cleaned with just one wipe. READ MORE: 8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick After gliding back and forth over my entire bathroom, the wipe was filthy. I didn’t even think bathroom tiles got that dirty. I loved this cleaning hack as it was timesaving and ideal for those with small bathrooms. It also took less than four minutes to clean the entire bathroom which was amazing. The scent was also lovely and my whole bathroom smelt of lemon after completing the cleaning job. I also use the mop on my wooden floors and in the kitchen which are high traffic areas in my home. While the mop is ideal for use on most surfaces, it cannot be used on unfinished floors or oiled wood so it is important to check before using. I will definitely be continuing to use this hack in the future, and it works out cheap when the wet wipes are on offer. I also recently completely removed limescale from the bottom of the toilet at my new house, a job I thought could never be tackled. After using a Dr.Beckmann toilet foam, I went in with the Harpic Power Plus Toilet cleaner. I poured some of the product into the bowl and left it to work its magic before returning to scrub it. As I started scrubbing the bottom of the toilet, the limescale began to melt away, coming away in chunks. The job took around eight hours in total because the toilet cleaner had to be left to work away for a few hours.