Rafael Nadal has broken his silence on his wife’s health for the first time since multiple reports emerged that Mery Perello had been hospitalised over concerns with her pregnancy. The world No 3 is expecting his first child with his partner of 17 years and has addressed concerns over her condition as she remains in Mallorca while he is competing at the US Open. Nadal is competing at the US Open for the first time in three years as he bids to win a record-extending 23rd Grand Slam title, but the story has largely revolved around his pregnant wife Mery, who was said to have been admitted to hospital back in Mallorca ahead of the tournament. The second seed in New York has remained silent on the rumours so far, but finally addressed the matter for the first time after his round two win over Fabio Fognini. During the Spanish portion of his press conference, the 36-year-old spoke at length about his woes with injuries so far this season before turning his attention to the recent reports about his wife. Providing the first direct update on the situation, Nadal said: “As much as certain types of information came out in the press about my wife's condition, my wife is fine.” It is the first time the Spaniard has personally spoken about the reports. JUST IN: Federer gets edge over Djokovic in GOAT debate as Bryans share reasons  It comes after Spanish outlets including Marca reported that the 22-time Major champion was said to be “furious” about the invasion of his wife’s privacy during the supposed pregnancy scare, with the Nadal team said to be “looking for the guilty parties”. Earlier this week, Spanish media also reported that Mery had been given the all-clear but would likely remain hospitalised until the 33rd week of her pregnancy as a precaution. It is not known whether Nadal’s latest update indicates that his wife has been fine the whole time, or whether she did seek medical attention before learning she had nothing to worry about. DON'T MISS Cameron Norrie storms into US Open fourth round with bruising winSerena Williams hints at retirement U-turn with Australian Open remarkCameron Norrie complaints and menacing gesture made by Holger Rune   Nadal first confirmed the news that he and Mery were expecting their first child together back in June, during a press conference called for the Spaniard to announce that he would be playing Wimbledon for the first time in 2019 following successful treatment for his chronic foot injury.  “If all goes well, I'm going to be a father,” he told reporters. “I'm not used to talking about my private life. We live calmer with a lower profile. I don't expect that my life will change much with it.” 