Tensions were running high in Wednesday’s instalment of Married At First Sight UK after new bride Whitney lost her cool with husband Duka. During their honeymoon, she accused her new partner of being "fake" which has led to viewers calling for her to be pulled from the E4 series. Whitney and Duka certainly didn’t have the smoothest of wedding days with an awkward tension between them. Things only got worse on the honeymoon and at one point, the newlyweds went on a safari ride with Duka stating he wouldn’t class himself as a “colourful person”. Bluntly, Whitney replied: “Yeah you're a bit, you know, glitter and gold. You like to put on a show." Defending himself, Duka said he’d assume someone who’s colourful would be high maintenance.  Whitney wasn't impressed with his response claiming he was getting "aggy" before telling viewers: "I poke him and prod him with like our conversations because I'm trying to draw him out of himself so he can really show who he is. "But the boy will not let that mask slip. He's determined to keep that facade." Things went from bad to worse as she told her new husband she thinks he acts differently once the cameras are on. Whitney said: "You act like as if you're Vicky Victim, and as if you're Perky Pete."   Annoyed, Duka responded: "We're supposed to be on honeymoon and it's almost ruining the experience." When Whitney refused to get a replacement ring after losing hers on the safari, things reached a breaking point. Duka had admitted he’d been holding things in with promises he would be more himself going forward, although this wasn’t enough for Whitney who lost her temper. She screamed: "You are just talking s**t! Stop being fake, just be you."   Watching the whole situation unfold, Married At First Sight UK viewers were less than impressed with many calling for Whitney to be pulled off the show. Sam Austin commented: “This Whitney is utterly vile, what a derogatory way to speak to anyone, I can feel rage watching it… get in the bin.” Chi Chi Tweeted: “Whitney needs to go, Duka’s way to nice to be treated like that.” “Whitney needs to go… probably the most toxic person I’ve seen on married at first sight,” remarked Emily Dixon.   Freda added: “Whitney needs to leave. She is rude.” “That Whitney is a horrible person, get rid of her” John Sheppard commented: With Tasha Lucia saying: “Can we kick Whitney off #MAFSUK poor Duka. They got it soooo wrong with those two.” Married At First Sight UK airs Monday-Thursday on E4 at 9pm.   