The Grand Tour presents: A Scandi Flick lands on Prime Video on September 16 as Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May set off on their first post-pandemic road trip around the Scandinavian Arctic Circle. In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Richard admitted the latest series wasn’t an easy mission. The last two Grand Tour specials were very different to what fans of the hit show were used to as the pandemic prevented the presenters from setting off on an adventure around the world. Instead, the trio travelled across Scotland before exploring French car culture. Richard admitted it was a “real joy” to return to the road for A Scandi Flick. Discussing the new series, Richard said: “It was great fun. If nothing else it’s great to exercise the crew that we have because they are some of the best in the world. Read more: Jeremy Clarkson issues urgent plea to fans over scam 'Ignore it!'  “They're filming in difficult conditions and following an unfolding narrative naturally and organically as it happens, they're the best in the world. “So to let them loose as well as us in the spectacular landscape is a real joy and it felt great to be on the road. “We’ve all spent 20 odd years romping about the world getting off aeroplanes and doing exciting stuff. “ “It was nice to be able to do that again,” the presenter added. In true The Grand Tour fashion, Richard, Jeremy and James travelled across the Arctic circle in a car of their choice. Richard revealed the opportunity to drive his particular car was one of the main reasons he enjoyed filming the latest series. Reflecting on his favourite moment, he said: “I love the cars that we had it was really nice to get a big car. “One of the strengths of the show is we've always said you don't have to be a car nerd to watch our show because we'll do that bit for you because we are.” DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson sets fire to car as The Grand Tour returns [VIDEO]James May admits ‘chaotic’ segment ‘ended in an argument’  [INSIGHT]The Grand Tour’s James May shares update on high speed car crash  [INSIGHT] “Just the same as you don't have to be a baker or a potter to watch shows about throwing pots or baking,” he continued. “As long as the people doing it love it then it’s great to watch and I love that we can get to grips with the cars. “So for me, the best bit of this one was driving on the ice in the Subaru just to get to exercise that car properly in the way it was built to be driven. “That was just one of those moments, slithering around on the ice flat out thinking I am a very, very lucky middle-aged boy that I get to do these things as my job.” In the first episode of season five, the presenting trio each takes to the wheel of their favourite rally cars. The Grand Tour series promises a “catastrophe-filled adventure” as they travel from the coast of Norway to the Russian Border. During the epic road trip, fans can expect frozen lake racetracks, crashes and Cold War submarine bases. The Grand Tour: A Scandi Flick launches on Prime Video on September 16.