I am now almost 40 and have children of my own. I often think back to those dodgy relationships where older men told me they loved me after a heady two weeks of extravagant dates and over-the-top displays of affection. I’d build pedestals and loyally kept the men on them far longer than I should have, and way past the toxic end. Oh, how I cringe at the memory. I’m lucky that, really, those men weren’t as dangerous as they could have been. But I’m annoyed and angry that social conditioning taught me love begins like that. And I wanted to write about how wrong it can go in my second novel, What She Left Behind. “Love Bombing” is characterised by an intense period of affection, flattery, gifts, and validation. If you are unlucky, this device serves as a tool for sociopaths and narcissists to trap you in a web of coercive behaviours that will slowly break you down and control you. It hooks you on every level – even chemically. You will chase and chase that initial flood of dopamine - even when that kind of man you first met is nothing but a distant memory. Findings of a new study commissioned by Vodafone and domestic abuse charity Hestia show 43 percent of British adults understanding of coercive control is “poor or non-existent.” The fact that this crucial element is often misinterpreted as a lightning-bolt of love, is downright dangerous - especially if you are a vulnerable person. After a relationship with Shia LaBeouf, singer FKA Twigs says she was “lucky to make it out alive”. The British Singer-songwriter wanted to share her story to help survivors and show people how to recognise early signs of abuse. She cites him as being a master of love bombing. I remember watching an interview she gave with CBS’ Gayle King, where she was asked: why didn’t you leave? With a powerful look of defiance, she replied: “I’m not going to answer that question anymore.” I was really moved. And wanted to tell a narrative from the point of view of someone stuck in that web. Coercive behaviours in domestic abuse cases have only recently been taken seriously by the British courts. In 2019 Sally Challen was retried and released. It was one of the first cases to recognise that her actions, killing her husband with a hammer in 2010, was because of years of emotional abuse. It was a landmark case for victims. It gave the term more gravity - and the pattern of behaviour mainstream understanding. But there is more work to be done. Love bombing must be a known red flag to anyone on the cusp of falling down the rabbit hole of a new relationship. Emotional abusers are master manipulators, and their behaviour can take on many forms. It includes financial and technological coercion – limiting the victim’s ability to control their own lives, use their own phones, have access to money. Isolating them. In 2021 only 1.6 percent of rape accusations resulted in a charge or a summons. How on earth can victims of psychological abuse think they will be believed if physical abuse isn’t acted on? The term “Love Bombing” was in fact coined to explain the process of indoctrination of new members to cults and was first cited in psychological papers in the 1970s. This shows how incredibly potent the tool is. For my psychological thriller, I researched the NXIVM sex cult, where the nerdy and unassuming-looking cult leader, Keith Raniere, managed to recruit millionaires and celebrities using his own honed technique of coercive control. Much to the distress of family and friends, once trapped it was near impossible to extract their loved ones again. The process frighteningly mirrors the beginnings of emotionally abusive relationships. So: beware the love bomb. Tell your sons and daughters. I will certainly be telling mine.  What She Left Behind by Emily Freud (Quercus, £9.99) is out now.