Express.co.uk spoke exclusively with Naomi Crossley, 36, who was left with “virtually no income” throughout the pandemic. As a singing teacher, she was unable to work when the pandemic hit as in-person singing classes were banned She needed to find an alternative way to support her family, which she was able to do. This has helped sustain her financially even throughout the cost of living crisis. Naomi became a partner for Utility Warehouse – a multiservice utility provider. Utility Warehouse offers customers a chance to earn money by helping others to save. It bundles all home services into one bill, helping users save up to £400 a year on their essential utilities – something that has never been more welcome. They also have a scheme called UW partners which allows customers to earn money from recommendations. Naomi explained that she was working around three to five hours a week for UW and this was able to replace her lost income as a singing teacher. READ MORE: Inheritance tax: How to use pensions to reduce your bill and avoid an ‘IHT problem’   “I also had more time to enjoy with my children, and to spend doing voluntary community work, which is something I’m really passionate about.” Naomi explained that now she helps people to reduce the cost of their utility bills and offers those that want the chance to earn money the opportunity to do so - which may help them to beat the cost of living squeeze. She has now returned to working as a singer teacher, but on a part-time basis, freeing up more time to spend with her family. She continued: “I am extremely thankful that I’ve found something where there’s no set hours, no expectations and I can fit it into the nooks and crannies of my day, to suit my family. READ MORE: Retirement: 4 ways to give pension income a 'much needed boost' as inflation hits 10.1% “The extra income has helped me manage the cost the living crisis as well as reduce my teaching hours so that I can be there for my family.” With UK inflation having hit a 40-year high of 10.1 percent, many Britons are looking at ways to to make savings, and earn extra money, wherever possible to help make ends meet. Andrew Lindsay, Co-CEO at Utility Warehouse said: “Soaring energy costs are a worry to so many and we’re committed to helping our customers save hundreds of pounds every year by bundling their energy along with other everyday household services. “Most energy suppliers set their prices at the price cap, however UW offers variable energy prices at up to five percent below it for multiservice customers.” Mr Lindsay said UW offers a fixed price energy tariff (£3,550) that, when coupled with the £400 energy bills rebate, means a typical customer will pay only £3,150 until the end of August 2023 - a saving of around £450 against the October price cap. Utility Warehouse customers have the opportunity to become partners – enabling them to be rewarded for helping others save on their bills too, while working whenever and where it suits them most. He continued: “There are over 45,000 Partners at UW, and each joined for a different reason. “Whether it’s adding to their pension pot, funding passion projects, earning bit of extra cash to spend on fun things each month...or even building a business that allows them to quit their day job.” Utility Warehouse helps households save time and money by bundling essential home services, including energy, broadband, mobile and insurance, into one bill. It also offers customers other unique ways to save - like with their Cashback Card - and the opportunity to earn by becoming a UW Partner