Jane McDonald, 59, says her fiance Eddie Rothe “took their future” when he died of lung cancer in 2021. The Loose Women panellist spoke to her co-star Kaye Adams on her How To Be 60 podcast about love, loss and life. "I'm a lot better than when I was on Loose Women,” Jane explained. “I can talk about him now and just feel great that I had that amazing time with him. “And it's funny, we should talk about retiring because he retired at 59 and said, ‘I promise you when you get to this age, you'll see a difference.’ And I have. “So we had lots of plans, and I think that's part of grief as well is that you go through the normal grief and the terrible, terrible time and then you grieve the life that you thought you were going to have. READ MORE: Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 "So when he died, he took our future. So I think that is, I've got to have a different life now, and that's taken a bit of adjusting to, but I'll get there. “Because that's what we do, we get there." Jane, who cared for Eddie in his final months, admitted it is a “shock to your system completely” when a partner falls ill. And it made her have realisations about her own life, including just how much she wanted to pack into the years she has left. “I want to go on holiday, instead of filming one. I want to write, I want to be creative. I want to have time in my lovely home,” she said. “And I want to be here for my family - my niece is just about to have a baby, and we're all very excited about that. And I want to be around them all just for a while to sort myself out and then stop working as much as I do. Because I work constantly. "My life has changed a lot,” she continued. DON'T MISS...TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [NEWS]Helen Skelton struggles with 'feral' kids after Richie Myler split [ADMISSION] Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow [TWITTER] “But by God, I'm gonna enjoy every minute of it now. Because that's what we're supposed to do. I don't want to be sad, I don't want to be miserable. “And Ed would have hated if I was, and my mother definitely would have hated it. “So if there is this something out there, where they are watching us, I want them to think I'm okay. I'm okay. And that's because of you." Delving into her plans to slow down when it comes to her career, Jane said she is now taking an extended break from touring. Her friend Sue has also moved in with her, something she revealed she finds very comforting in her darkest moments. “I want to have a bit of downtime,” she said. “I'll still be doing all the TV shows, and that's great. You know, I love that. But the touring I found now is harder than it used to be. “And, and I'm thinking well, why? Why are you doing it? Just have a bit of a break and see how you feel.” Kaye Adams: How to be 60 is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify and all good podcast platforms. New episodes are released every Friday.