Manchester United new signing Antony has opened up on his move to Old Trafford - revealing he thanked Erik ten Hag for banking on him. The 22-year-old has moved to the Premier League in a blockbuster £84million transfer deal. And he’s eager to get started at his new club as he looks to hit the ground running. Antony has been unveiled by United on Thursday, with the Samba star sporting their red, white and green colours for the very first time. And the Brazil international, speaking to club media, has now revealed he thanked Ten Hag for pushing for his signing - with the pair previously working together at Ajax. “Really, really, really grateful and happy,” he said when asked how he felt about Ten Hag fighting for his signing. “I embraced him just now and thanked him in person for believing in my signing. “I was really excited and looking forward to coming here and putting on this shirt. I'm grateful for the faith and confidence from Erik, not just Erik but all the directors here at Manchester United. “I feel really grateful and happy and rest assured I will repay this faith on the pitch by giving 100 per cent.” Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all On Ten Hag, he also added: “When I arrived, I started settling in and getting to know people. “Erik got to know me and knows what I'm like. He knows what my daily work is like, how I train, how I give 100 per cent in games and this trust grew and developed. “His confidence in me grew as he got to know me better and I'm really happy and grateful to see his confidence in my game from my time at Ajax. “He knew what type of person I was, my work ethic. “I’m really grateful and Erik has all my respect and affection and it will be a privilege and an honour to be working with him again. “What stands out about him for me is his intelligence. His tactical knowledge, game strategy, attacking play and pressing game that I know very well after working with him for two years. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “With Erik's style, I was always watching Manchester United from home and I could see this style and see myself here working with him again. “What really stands out about Erik is his intelligence.” Another person who Antony will be reuniting with is Lisandro Martinez, who joined from Ajax earlier in the transfer window. And, on his team-mate, the 22-year-old winger added: “We spent two years together at Ajax. We developed a really strong friendship. “I’ve got a lot of respect for him and his family who I got to know as well. “I’m glad we're back together again to make history. He messaged me today and yesterday. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team “He's a great friend that I've made in football. Now we're back together and we've spoken about achieving great things together here. “Martinez has his Argentinian style, we know it well. I love it and it motivates me to see him play. “The way he competes, the way he plays he gives his heart and soul on the pitch. I have the same personality he knows me well and knows what I'm like. “I put my body on the line – blood, sweat and tears. If I need to leave the pitch really hurting no problem, it's my life, it's my job. “Watching Martinez, I know him well, up close. He's a great player we can all see, people recognise this, Martinez is a craque.” Antony was quizzed on his role models. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And he admitted he grew up idolising the likes of Ronaldinho, Nani and the Brazilian Ronaldo. “There are a lot, but as I really like dribbling it would be Ronaldinho Gaucho and Ronaldo as well,” he said. “They are players I always admired because of their dribbling, something I have always liked and I carry it with me today. “There are a lot of players though these two stand out for me. “There are a lot, Nani for example. “There are a lot of other players. I hope to continue in this tradition of exciting the fans and pleasing the crowd with my football, not just dribbling and attacking play but if I need to put in a slide tackle, track back, help with marking, there'll be no shortage of desire. “I hope to provide continuity here, we have to respect the weight and tradition of the shirt.” Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team