Manchester United could re-sign Memphis Depay on transfer deadline day but only if there was to be a late twist when it comes to Cristiano Ronaldo, according to reports. Both players have been the subject of speculation throughout the summer window. However, right now, it’s far more likely they’ll end up staying at their respective clubs. Manchester United saw Ronaldo shine last season, with the Portugal international scoring 24 goals across all competitions as the club toiled under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick. However, he’s spent most of the summer transfer window looking to leave Old Trafford for a team who can offer him Champions League football. On Wednesday, Erik ten Hag appeared to suggest Ronaldo would be staying put. And The National say the Red Devils will only potentially move for Depay if they lose their current No 7. Therefore, it instead seems likelier that both players will still be at their respective clubs by the time the summer transfer window shuts tonight. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all Depay previously moved to Old Trafford back in the summer transfer window of 2015, when Louis van Gaal was manager. He was actually signed as Ronaldo’s heir, even inheriting the Portugal international’s old No 7 shirt following the departure of Angel Di Maria. Yet Depay failed to live up to expectations and was offloaded to Lyon by Jose Mourinho after 18 months of struggling. It was claimed a week ago that Ten Hag saw the 28-year-old as a ‘market opportunity’, due to the fact he’d be available on the cheap. However, United are instead set to stick with Ronaldo for the upcoming campaign. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him The veteran has been on the radar of Sporting Lisbon, Atletico Madrid, Napoli, Atletico Madrid and Chelsea at various stages of the transfer window. But nobody has presented either the 37-year-old or his club with a concrete offer for the superstar. Ten Hag addressed Ronaldo’s future on Friday. He insisted the veteran was committed to the cause and that the duo were on the ‘same page’ when it comes to United and their ambitions for the season. "Several times, yes,” he said when asked if he’d spoken to the former Juventus and Real Madrid star. “We are on the same page. [He is happy to stay] otherwise he wouldn't be here.” Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. And when asked if United’s summer spending was a clear sign of the club’s ambitions, he added: "It's a signal, yes, but all the big clubs in the Premier League have spent a lot, so it's the market. "From the start we said we planned with him [Ronaldo], we are happy with him, he's happy to be here, and we want to make the season a success together. "It's clear we have strengthened the squad. As a manager you always want more, and what I demand from my players I have to show as well. “I always want to maximise, but at a certain point you have to be satisfied with what is there. Man Utd fixtures: When Erik ten Hag’s team face every Premier League team "Then it is also about development of the team, of the individuals, to get the team stronger and more consistent, to bring more quality. “That is what we have to work for now, me together with my coaches and the togetherness with the team." When quizzed on whether Ronaldo can fit into his style, Ten Hag continued: "The way of playing, the set of demands, you can see in training Ronaldo has the ability. "He will fit in because… I don't have to explain, he is a great player with great capabilities. He will fit in every system and every style. We are on one page, and he knows what the demands are." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here