Broadcaster Esther Krakue claimed the Duchess of Sussex "doesn’t say anything that’s not calculated". The commentator made the comments as she discussed Meghan's controversial interview with The Cut. In the interview, Prince Harry's wife said she had been told by a South African cast member of The Lion King at the premiere in London in 2019 that there was the same jubilation in the country when she married the royal as there was when Nelson Mandela was freed from prison. But actor Dr John Kani said he was the only South African cast member in the Disney remake and insisted he had never met Meghan. Discussing the row, commentator Ms Krakue told Sky News Australia: "It is ironic that Meghan Markle's truth and the truth never seem to line up. “Everyone knows that Meghan Markle doesn’t say anything that is not calculated. READ MORE: Meghan ‘threatens’ Firm as duchess hints at secrets "She comes from a world where everything that is put out in the media is very calculated. "One of her frustrations that we know, being part of the Royal Family, she couldn't curate the perfect public image that she wanted to. "So it is not an accident, it is not a mistake that she actually made that comment. “She knows that is going to make headlines, she knows people are going to talk, but that is what she likes, she likes to stoke that fire. “Because she’s just a raging narcissist.” Meghan made the comments in a wide-ranging interview running to more than 6,000 words with the US magazine. The Duchess said of attending the film premiere: "I just had Archie. It was such a cruel chapter. I was scared to go out." She said that a cast member from South Africa pulled her aside. Meghan said: "He looked at me, and he's just like light. "He said, 'I just need you to know: When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the streets the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison'." Mandela, revered worldwide as a man of peace and forgiveness, was freed from prison in 1990 after 27 years and went on to become president of South Africa. But Dr Kani, a veteran of the Royal Shakespeare Company who voiced the mandrill shaman Rafiki, claimed he was the only South African cast member in the movie and was not at the UK premiere. He told MailOnline: "I have never met Meghan Markle. This seems like something of a faux pas by her. "I have I have never met the Duchess at all. I am the only South African member of the cast and I did not attend the premiere in London."