Douglas Dabb, 77, also proposed to Wendy Winstanley, 77, gave her bizarre gifts and was thrown out of her church. A court heard Dabb and Ms Winstanley met on a cruise five years ago.  Prosecutor Yvonne Dobson said: “They continued to meet for numerous holidays. The pair were never in a relationship, they were friends, and Ms Winstanley made clear that she was not interested in anything more. “She said that at the end of every holiday, the defendant would approach her for a hug and a kiss but she would turn her head to avoid kissing him.” Dabb, who is from Cwmaman, South Wales, later visited Ms Winstanley for the day in Sandbach, Cheshire. In June last year, she began a relationship with a man and in July told Dabb another visit would be inappropriate. Ms Dobson continued: “In August 2021, he contacted again and asked if she would say ‘Yes’ if he asked her to marry him. “She was taken aback by that as she had never been in a relationship with him, or involved romantically. His behaviour changed. “In September she received a birthday card through the post. “It was a handwritten message wishing bad things to happen to her and for her to have a horrible birthday.”  Ms Winstanley’s neighbour then spotted Dabb attach another card and flowers to her gatepost. In November she received a five-page letter from him. Ms Dobson said: “He said he felt that Ms Winstanley would be a good one-night stand. “He told her how much in love he was with her. He wished her to suffer ill health and suffer a serious injury in a road traffic accident.” The court heard Dabb turned up at her church during their Christmas fayre with the gift of an ornamental bike. Then in February, she received two green tea bags and a letter from him by post. And in March he reappeared at the church, only to be turfed out by a parishioner tipped off about his nasty behaviour. Afterwards, scared Ms Winstanley went to the police. Dabb, who also rang her a number of times, acknowledged every card and letter. The prosecutor said: “He knew he’d gone over the top. He just wanted to get it off his chest.” The retired Hitachi worker admitted stalking at Crewe Magistrates Court and was warned he could face six months in jail when he is sentenced later this month. 