ITV’s hit competition The Masked Dancer made its highly anticipated return to screens on Saturday with 12 celebrities battling it out to keep their identities hidden. After Scissors took to the dancefloor and dropped some major hints, viewers were certain the dancer could be presenter and TV judge Amanda Holden.   After premiering in 2021, The Masked Dancer became a huge hit, with viewers glued to screens hoping to identify the person behind the mask. Returning to the judging panel were presenters Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross and Strictly judge Oti Mabuse, with footballer Peter Crouch making his debut. Following a performance from Candle Stick, Scissors took the stage and danced to Justin Bieber’s Sorry. After reviewing the multiple clues throughout their performance, viewers were sure they had identified the celebrity as Britain’s Got Talent judge Amanda Holden. READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode  Before displaying their choreographed routine, viewers got to see a VT full of clues. During this, the masked dancer wrote ‘Scissors’ on a mirror with red lipstick alongside a smiley face. To which Jonathan noted: “Writing on the mirror is something they do on Drag Race.” Scissors added: “Scissors are considered to be sharp,” and Davina added: “Somebody quite cutting.”   Amanda Holden has previously appeared on RuPaul's Drag Race before, suggesting she could be behind the mask. As the dancer continued to drop major clues, a crew member walked in front of the unidentified dancer holding a bowl of cereal. Scissors continued: “I’ve certainly done my fair share of touring,” and went on to say “when I told people I was coming on the Masked Singer, they said ‘can you handle a talent show’". Viewers were convinced these clues pointed to Amanda Holden as the presenter hosts a breakfast show on Heart Radio. DON'T MISS...Where is Only Fools and Horses Damien Trotter star now? [INSIGHT] Oti Mabuse on Strictly co-star taking part in The Masked Dancer [INSIGHT]Davina McCall, 54, flaunts her gym-honed figure in cut-out midi dress [INSIGHT] The clues about touring and talent shows could also identify Scissors as Amanda Holden, as she is on the judging panel of Britain’s Got Talent, which holds auditions across the UK. The presenter is also known for not holding back during auditions and her opinions could be deemed as “quite cutting". This reference could also refer to Amanda's appearance on a show called Cutting It, as fans pointed out.   While the judges guessed Cat Deeley, Emma Stone, Maya Jama, Emily Blunt, Anne Robinson, viewers took to Twitter with suggesting Amanda Holden. @feebeemac wrote: “I think scissors could be Amanda b****y Holden.” @HUGSIES agreed: “Could Scissors be @AmandaHolden ? she was in a show called Cutting it. Also she was a judge of talent show.” While @Geords1 was certain: “Amanda Holden for Scissors.” The Masked Dancer airs on Saturdays on ITV   