Meghan Markle has given a rare insight into her and her husband Prince Harry’s lives in Montecito in a new bombshell interview. Speaking to New York-based magazine The Cut, the Duchess of Sussex opened up on life since leaving the Royal Family, giving journalist Allison P. Davis a glimpse into her role as a career woman, wife and mother. With the Sussexes’ £11million mansion as the backdrop, the journalist gave readers an unprecedented peek into the world the couple has created thousands of miles away from Windsor. Yet, while the interview was agreed upon because of the launch of Meghan’s new podcast ‘Archetypes’, conversation between the pair became focused on the life the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had left behind. Meghan revealed: “It’s interesting, I’ve never had to sign anything that restricts me from talking. “I can talk about my whole experience and make a choice not to.” She continued: “I think forgiveness is really important. It takes a lot more energy to not forgive. “But it takes a lot of effort to forgive. I’ve really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything.” Touching on the rift that remains between the Sussexes and the Royal Family, Ms Davis said Meghan’s voice was “full of meaning,” implying there are more revelations to be made. The explosive interview has been met with backlash from royal commentators, who have honed in on what they say are the Duke and Duchess’ continued swipes against the Royal Family. Russell Myers, the Daily Mirror’s royal editor, has claimed the couple’s “bubbling resentment” remains, saying: “They [Meghan and Harry] have to keep raising the bar on how badly they were treated, so they are then out on their own, so they’re like pariahs. “And I think it’s pretty unfair.” Speaking on this week’s episode of Pod Save the Queen, he accused the couple of throwing Prince Charles’ olive branch “back in his face”, referencing a particular section of The Cut article in which Meghan discussed her and Harry’s relationships with their families. Mr Myers said: “The very fact that Meghan says this quote, [‘Harry said to me, “I lost my dad in this process”’]... anyone who would tell you how the Prince of Wales loves his sons would say he loves both of sons equally. “I know for a fact that he [Charles] has offered them [Harry and Meghan] a place to stay, he has produced an olive branch to them, he has wanted to bring them close, he has tried to make instances to see them and I just think it’s being thrown back in his face.” He continued: “It seems as though Meghan has a completely unfortunate and destructive relationship with her own father. “But it just seems particularly sad that Harry is, by his own accord or through conversations with his wife, going down that route. “[He’s] destroying his relationship with his father because of how he feels, especially on such a poignant anniversary — the 25th anniversary of his mother’s death. “That is deeply sad and I’m sure that the Prince of Wales and people around him are finding it deeply distressing.” Since the article was published on Monday, sources close to the Sussexes have claimed Harry was in fact talking about Meghan’s father, not his own. Omid Scobie, co-author of ‘Finding Freedom’, took to Twitter to clarify what the Duchess meant, saying: “There seems to be confusion in some headlines about this quote in The Cut interview. “I understand that Prince Harry is actually referring to Meghan's loss of her own father, and Meghan is saying she doesn't want Harry to lose his.” However, Mr Myers argued the quote was “clear as day,” adding he didn’t think “there is any dispute about what there is about”. He said: “The Cut has not changed the content of the copy on their website, so I think read into that what you will.” DON'T MISS: Meghan fears Harry UK visit will 'pull on heartstrings' [REPORT]Harry erupted over royals 'not showing sufficient respect' to Meghan [REACTION]Harry and Meghan pressured to give up royal status [ANALYSIS] It has been widely reported that the Sussexes’ relationships with members of the Royal Family have been strained since their shock exit from the Firm and subsequent bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, during which Harry revealed his father had stopped taking his calls. Since then, the Duke has reunited with his father a handful of times, with the Prince of Wales only meeting his granddaughter, Lilibet, days before her first birthday, during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June. Harry and Meghan are set to return to the UK again next month for a series of charity events, but it remains unknown whether they will see members of the family during their visit. A reconciliation may still be off the cards as the Firm braces for the release of Harry’s highly-anticipated memoir, which could take aim at particular members of the Royal Family. The book was due to be published later this year, but could be shelved until next year over “truth bomb” fears. According to Page Six, the memoir’s release date could be pushed back to 2023, with a source alleging the delay is due to Harry deliberating over certain revelations. They said: “I have heard that Harry has some truth bombs in his book that he is debating on whether to include or not. “So this [push back is] no surprise if he needs more time to work on the book.”