The 24-year-old millionaire has worked hard to swap his council house in Hackney for a luxury lifestyle in Dubai. He spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how he made his fortune and claims “anyone can do it”. Just six years ago Javed Khan was drowning in debts worth £10,000 and was working at a London branch of Domino’s to pay his way. The inspiration to change his life came after watching The Wolf of Wall Street, a film based on the true story of Jordan Belfort and his rise to wealthy Wall Street trader. However, things didn’t immediately go to plan and Javed initially lost all his wages plus £11,000 his father had put aside to pay for his university education. Javed recalled: “Not only had I ruined my life but I ruined my dad’s life as well. That gave me more motivation than anything to work out how to analyse and trade the markets.” READ MORE: 10 tips: How to avoid giving children a huge inheritance tax bill For the next year, Javed committed at least four hours a day to teaching himself how to trade online. He then went on to earn £350,000 in just six months and the first thing he did was pay back his father in full. Javed explained: “I became successful at trading by learning the hard way, understanding that I could only save myself after losing all that money. “I believe people can trade their way out of a crisis - as long as they’re sensible with it." DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] The millionaire continued: “I became sensible after blowing my dad’s savings. “With discipline and money management plans, I slowly but surely grew the profits in my trading account, but it isn’t a get-rich-quick scheme. “Working in Domino’s for £6.95 an hour, with 25p per pizza delivery, made me appreciate every small trade, which then allowed me to make bigger trades. “I believe the worst risk you can take when it comes to making money is by not taking any risks at all. I took those risks and even though I went through a phase of losses, I learnt a lot of lessons and I’m able to be where I am now.” READ MORE: Universal Credit: 30 things you could get for free in September Now aged 24 and with a personal wealth of nearly £2million, Khan has invested his profits from trading wisely, including by buying Bitcoin when it was cheap and selling the cryptocurrency when the price peaked. Javed Khan shares trading advice on his Instagram page where he has 113,000 followers. He told Express.co.uk that he remembers feeling left out when his friends were partying and he was stuck indoors studying, but it was definitely worth it for the freedom he has now. Javed said the best thing about being financially free is “I can do whatever I want, whenever I want".   However, he is also keen to point out that it’s not a “get rich quick scheme” and that there is no shortcut. He believes the three attributes successful traders have are: Do you have a personal finance story, money saving tip or way to make money to share? Express.co.uk would like to hear from you. People can get in touch via personal.finance@reachplc.com. 