The historian challenged the criticism waged on Meghan Markle and Prince Harry since deciding to step down as working members of the Royal Family. Historian Dr Tessa Dunlop argued a "vulnerable" Duke of Sussex sought to use the Duchess' "resourcefulness" to secure a way out of the institution. Speaking to Palace Confidential, Dr Dunlop said: "Families are complicated. "Harry is a vulnerable lad – this week we've had the 25th anniversary of Diana's death. "We have to remember the horror underneath that. I've been doing a lot of research on the Queen, a big biography published just a few years before Diana died and the anti-Diana tone...we forget how horrible we were about Diana. "He's scarred and he looks to Meghan for strength, for resourcefulness, for a way out of something he felt trapped in." The Duke of Sussex himself hinted at feeling unable to live his life truly as an active member of the Royal Family. JUST IN: Royal Family 'destroying relationship' with public after failing to honour Diana's legacy 1664263 Speaking to Oprah Winfrey in his joint bombshell interview with Meghan Markle last year, Prince Harry said: "I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped. “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that." The Duke's assessment about his father and brother's position as high-ranking royals has however been put into question. Expert Robert Jobson suggested Prince Harry's comments could have been influenced by "his feelings." READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts at 'sanctimonious' Meghan Mr Jobsons said: "I think Harry was putting words into his father and his brother’s mouths, and maybe making an assessment based upon his feelings," Jobson said. "Nobody likes to have someone else put words in their mouths, of course, so it makes sense that this would leave Charles and William rather peeved." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have experienced a rather frosty relationship with the rest of the Royal Family since stepping down in March 2020. They briefly returned to the United Kingdom in June to celebrate the Queen's 70th year on the throne with the Duke's royal relatives. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan face being 'frozen out' [LIVE] Meghan Markle popularity: Duchess of Sussex LOSES Britain's trust [REVEAL] Royal POLL: Is Meghan Markle right to return to social media? [VOTE] And this week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will be spending three days in the UK to attend a series of charitable events. They will also be travelling to Germany to be at the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event on Tuesday. The visit comes a week after the Duchess of Sussex once again came under scrutiny following the release of another tell-all interview. Speaking to The Cut magazine, Meghan Markle discussed her concerns about Prince Harry losing his relationship with Prince Charles. She said: "Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process.' It doesn't have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that's his decision." A source close to the Prince of Wales later told Newsweek: "The Prince of Wales loves both his sons."