Emmerdale stalwart Charity Dingle (played by Emma Atkins) has never been lucky in love, and just when she seems to be getting things back on track with Mackenzie Boyd (Lawrence Robb), she is faced with another hurdle. Not only has the Dingle favourite had to deal with the heartbreak of losing her baby, but she will soon find out that Mack has cheated on her with another villager - and it could be someone she knows very well. On Thursday night, Charity seemed to end her relationship with Mackenzie after they got into a blazing row. Mackenzie went out and got very drunk before he ended up in bed with a mystery woman. The cliffhanger sent fans into a meltdown as they question who Mackenzie slept with. However, things seemed to develop even more during Friday's instalment after fans spotted a mystery phone number calling and texting Mack. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling The text message from the number initially read: "Need to see you." The person later phoned Mack, and he shouted at them to leave him alone. "Why are you hassling me?" he fumed before adding: "No, we don't need to talk about it. "We need to forget about it and when we see each other at The Wooly, we need to act like it never happened." This has led fans to come up with their own theories about who Mackenzie spent the night with, and it's clear he doesn't want his love to find out. However, in true Emmerdale fashion, the ugly truth always has a way of coming out, and it is only a matter of time. It is clear Mack had a fling with somebody both he and Charity knows, but could it be too close to home? Charity works in The Woolpack with Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter), who is already having an affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [SPOILERS]Bargain Hunt star details huge profit Prince Charles' toast made [INSIGHT]Sir Tom Jones opens up on difficulty walking as he awaits operation  [NEWS] However, despite Chas already having a fling with Al, fans seem to think she could have ended up in bed with Mack too. Taking to social media, Teena Massam said: "Could be Chas who Mack slept with I s’pose, she’s good at putting it about and isn’t that fussy with who…" (sic) Ryan Glendenning quizzed: "What if Mack really did sleep with Chas?" While user @VampLover27 tweeted: "Omg I’m thinking it was Chas now." (sic) "Mack will have r*****ed Chas," Alec Station added. Other fans believe Mack could have had a fling with newcomer Chloe Harris (Jessie Elland) or Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper). Doreen Morfitt theorised: "I'm saying Chloe - she literally stalked Nate after sleeping with him so I bet she's doing the same to Mack." Michelle Jones wrote: "I reckon Mack slept with Chloe." Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.