According to current data from the RAC, filling up a 55-litre petrol tank in a medium-sized car would cost an estimated £93.43, on average. Diesel drivers are still bearing the brunt of higher costs, with the price of the fuel not falling as quickly as petrol, with an average tank costing just over £100. James Jackson, CEO of Bumper, urged drivers to take action to slash their motoring costs. He said: “UK consumers are facing an incredibly tough time in the cost-of-living crisis, and recent behaviour from petrol suppliers is hardly helping. “Paying £80 to fill up a medium-sized car would’ve seemed absolutely ridiculous five years ago, but it’s the reality that we find ourselves in and we have to adapt accordingly. “These tips could save you as much as £1,400 – a huge amount in the current economic climate.” READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin The average UK motorist travels 7,400 miles per year – based on pre-pandemic statistics. Considering the average rate of fuel consumption in the UK, most drivers are spending a staggering £1,139 on petrol over the course of an average year. Mr Jackson added: “Improving your driving efficiency can cut fuel costs by as much as 30 percent – or £341.7 for a car with a 45-litre tank. DON'T MISSCaravan owners warned of huge 30 percent fuel economy drop when towing [WARNING]Man's car with 'mind of its own' is 'plagued by problems' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to 'compare MPG' after record petrol and diesel prices [INSIGHT] “In order to do so, try decluttering your car, removing the roof rack and only adding fuel to your tank when you need to, rather than fully filling the tank on a semi-regular basis. “This will decrease the weight of your car so that there’s less strain on the engine when accelerating. “When driving at lower speeds, open your windows and turn off the air-conditioning to cool down – but do the opposite when driving faster. “Having your windows open increases drag; which will hold back your car and increase fuel consumption.” Tyres being over- or under-inflated can lead to lacklustre performance and the car burning more petrol, which already costs more than enough. Drivers can use a 20p coin to check if their tyres met current UK laws, which state that tread on cars must be at a minimum of 1.6mm across the central three-quarters of the tread. Motorists should also be mindful of putting excess weight in the car as this can cause the tyres to overheat and, in extreme circumstances, puncture or explode. Paying for car insurance upfront can oftentimes help drivers save money every year, although not everyone may be able to do so. The monthly payments are akin to taking out a loan, meaning drivers may be faced with higher rates of interest depending on the deal. According to data, motorists who pay in full can save around £59 per year. Mr Jackson acknowledged that £59 per year may seem insignificant at first. He added: "Consider how many years you’re going to be driving and the number very quickly adds up."