The cost of showering will increase again in October under the new energy price cap. While installing a more efficient showerhead is one way to make the most of the energy used to heat the water and power your shower, experts at Save Water Save Money recommended doing a quick test to see if it will actually reduce your water and energy bills. Here’s how to test the efficiency of your showerhead at home, and exactly how to save money by changing it. Using a shower instead of a bath is often thought of as the more energy and water-efficient way to wash, but it’s not always the case for certain types of showers. In fact, according to the experts at Save Water Save Money, some high-volume power showers use more hot water in under five minutes than the amount needed to fill a bath. While using a shower is cheaper in energy terms, inefficient styles can cause the cost to rise as a result of water usage, as most showers use at least 70 percent hot water each time. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients In order to reduce the cost of both energy and water used while showering, Save Money Save Water recommended switching to a water-saving shower head. These control the water flow rate and spray pattern which directly affects water consumption. The company said: “Before you buy a new showerhead it is best to check if a water-saving showerhead will benefit you and a simple test will help you decide this. “With a measuring jug, unscrew the existing showerhead, put the end of the hose into the measuring jug, and let the water flow into the jug for one minute.” Once the minute is up, turn off the shower and measure the amount of water in the jug. According to Save Money Save Water, if there are more than nine litres of water in the measuring jug, you will benefit from installing a water-efficient showerhead. These types of showerheads work by reducing the amount of water used per shower, which in turn, minimises the amount of energy used to heat it up. DON'T MISS:Can the UK run out of energy? The Government's THREE emergency stages [REVEAL]POLL: Should the Government do more to help YOU this winter? [POLL]Energy bills: How much does it cost to charge phones and laptops? [INSIGHT] There are three main ways that showerheads work to reduce water consumption. These include aerating the water, restricting the flow, and regulating the flow. Save Money Save Water explained that by aerating the water, it mixes it with air to reduce the amount of water needed. This allows you to enjoy the financial benefits without “any sacrifices” to the force of the water. Some showerheads use a flow restrictor to reduce the flow rate by pulsating the water instead of letting it pour out continually. This method reduces the flow of water while maintaining a regulated and constant flow to provide a “pleasant shower”, according to the water experts. They explained that the best water-efficient showerheads are single-spray heads or the Mira Eco Showerhead, which both use as little as seven to eight litres of water per minute, instead of the average 10 litres per minute from a “normal” showerhead. According to U Switch, the weekly cost of using an electric shower currently costs around £3.07, while a gas shower costs £1.48 per week. However, this is expected to almost double from October 1, when the higher energy price cap comes into effect. Estimated by Sust-it revealed that the cost of using an electric shower for just 10 minutes will rise to around £4.55 per week for a 7.5kWh shower. Those using an electric shower with a higher kW rating of 10.8 should expect to pay roughly £6.55 per week under the new electricity rate of 52p per kWh.