Arsenal have reportedly already 'agreed' personal terms with Douglas Luiz, who is pushing for a move to the Emirates on deadline day, as the Gunners push forward with a second bid. That's opened the door for Arsenal to swoop in and try and steal Luiz away from Villa in the final hours of the transfer window. It was reported earlier in the day that Arsenal had an opening bid of £20million rejected by the midlands club. Villa have maintained that the Brazilian is not for sale despite his contract expiring in 12 months. But Arsenal are seemingly hoping to test Villa's resolve further with The Athletic claiming they are preparing to launch a second bid. Arsenal have suffered some injury setbacks in midfield in recent weeks with both Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny picking up knocks. Albert Sambi Lokonga started alongside Granit Xhaka in midfield against Villa on Wednesday, but Mikel Arteta was light of options on the bench. Summer signing Fabio Vieira has played limited minutes since his switch from Porto with Arteta seemingly giving him time to settle into his new club. Personal terms won't be a problem it seems either with Fabrizio Romano stating a deal is 'ready' with Luiz. The midfielder is said to be 'pushing' for a move to the Emirates now in the final few hours of the window. Arsenal had an opportunity on Wednesday night to view their late transfer target up close with Luiz lining up against them. The 24-year-old spectacularly scored directly from a corner to tie things up against Arsenal after Boubacar Kamara stood in Aaron Ramsdale's way. But Gabriel Martinelli scored the winner for Arsenal just minutes later to keep up the Gunners' perfect start to the season. For Steven Gerrard, it's just one win from their opening five matches leaving them in the drop zone and big questions being asked of the Liverpool icon. Gerrard was asked about Luiz's future at Villa Park after the defeat to Arsenal, hinting that the club were powerless to stopping a move. “I’m not in control of that. That will be Douglas, his agent and what happens around that," he said. “I’d like to keep him, he’s a fantastic player. I’ve made that abundantly clear. “We’re not in a position where we need to lose our top players but at the same time Douglas has got a year to go and it is one of those really touchy situations where the club has to do what is best for the club, even if it is not necessarily best for me.”