Alastair Campbell has pocked holes in Labour's current sheet of policy pledges with the party's former communication guru suggesting Sir Kier Starmer "should have done a more aggressive job." Mr Campbell believes the Conservative leadership election has been a golden opportunity for Labour to attack the Government's record. Mr Campbell told Bloomberg Radio: "Listen, I've been clear with people in the Labour front bench. "They should have already done a far better job and a far more aggressive job of branding the next prime minister. "I mean, this, this leadership election to my mind has thrown up tonnes and tonnes of material about the Conservatives and their 12 years in power, most of which Liz Truss has been a minister, that Labour should be hurling at these people on a constant incessant basis. "Alongside setting out their own positive agenda. Sir Keir has denied that Labour's plans to tackle rising energy bills amount to "kicking the can down the road", as he spoke about his own family's struggle to pay bills. The Labour leader was pressed on a host of issues during a Q&A on BBC Radio 5 Live including the cost of living, strikes and Brexit in the second such grilling in as many days. Soaring energy bills and rising inflation dominated questions from listeners, as Sir Keir offered a robust defence of his party's proposals for a six-month freeze on energy bills at the current £1,971 price cap, funded in part by expanding the windfall tax on oil and gas profits. Some experts and think tanks have warned that such a plan would prove inadequate to the scale of the cost-of-living crisis, with one listener to Nicky Campbell's phone-in programme urging the Labour leader to be more radical.  Sir Keir said that the party's plan was "meeting the concerns of millions of people", even as he acknowledged that a fresh approach will be needed by the middle of next year. "I don't accept that is kicking the can down the road," Sir Keir said of his party's plan. He said he understood the scale of the challenge facing households, adding that "many people listening and watching this will be saying 'I can't afford that"'. Pressed on his longer-term plans, he pointed to his party's call for a "national mission" on home insulation. DON'T MISSWest 'deeply disappointed' as Putin rejects nuclear disarmament treaty [NEWS]Truss issues warning to Putin in vow to protect 'freedom and liberty' [REVEAL]Russian wedding descends into violent anarchy - gun fight breaks out [SPOTLIGHT]  "On the question of what we do long term, I am completely up for that challenge," he insisted. I accept the challenge that something has got to be done in April." Asked if Labour would "cut and paste" the current policy, Sir Keir declined to get into detail: "We have to wait and see what the forecasts are in April." Of the Government, he said: "I don't think we are approaching this in the right way, because we keep coming up with short-term answers." 