Eddie Hearn has revealed that the long-awaited rematch between Anthony Joshua and Dillian Whyte is being targeted for the spring or summer of 2023 in a UK stadium. The pair first squared off in 2015 for the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles. That night, AJ came away the victor with a seventh-round stoppage over his fierce rival to cap off an enthralling contest. There had been talk of a rematch in 2019 when Hearn disclosed that he had offered Whyte over £4million for a rematch at Wembley but the fight never came fruition. Now, three years later, with both men in a similar rebuilding process, a rematch has never made more sense and Hearn is looking to book it for next year. Talking to the Daily Mail, he said: “We're talking to Dillian about his next fight in November, other people are making offers, but I see that fight [Joshua vs Whyte] in the spring or summer 2023 in a stadium.” When asked who Joshua’s primary target is, Hearn replied: “Dillian Whyte. He 100 per cent wants to fight Dillian Whyte.” Whyte like Joshua is coming off a defeat in his last fight. The Body Snatcher was stopped by Tyson Fury in April at Wembley Stadium as he challenged for the WBC heavyweight title. As he looks to claw his way back into the world title picture, there appears to be a lot of interest from his side of the negotiating table in making a second fight with AJ. The Brixton-based boxer places his fellow countryman as the main priority on his five-fight hitlist. MORE BOXING NEWS... Mayweather makes baffling 'eggplant' comment ahead of Asakura fight Ruiz shoots down weight rumours with Joshua comment before Ortiz bout Canelo weighs in on Joshua's Usyk meltdown ahead of Golovkin clash Speaking to Sky Sports in August, he said: “I’m looking to come back in late November in a big fight. We have a lot of offers on the table at the minute. Obviously, there’s lots of fights there. “There’s Joshua-Usyk, I’d love to fight [Deontay] Wilder, I’d love to have another go at Tyson Fury again. Joe Joyce is there, there’s Daniel Dubois. “But my main focus is to get back at Anthony Joshua, I’d love to have another fight against him and settle the score so let’s see. Hopefully, he gets the job done against Usyk and I get another chance to fight him again.” Before the fight takes place, however, Joshua is expected to return to the ring in December at either the O2 Arena, London or the AO Arena, Manchester. 