 Wednesday marked 25 years since the tragic death of Diana, Princess of Wales, who was killed in a car crash while travelling from the Ritz hotel in Paris in August 1997. The princess had been holidaying with her partner at the time, Dodi Al-Fayed, who was also killed in the collision. She was aged 36 when she died and left behind her two young sons — Prince William and Prince Harry, who were just 15 and 12 years old.  A year earlier, the princess had divorced her husband Prince Charles after enduring a turbulent relationship which involved extramarital affairs and wars of words in the media. Diana and Dodi had only been dating for a few months before their untimely deaths. Their romance came off the back of the princess’ long-term relationship with Hasnat Khan, a heart and lung surgeon who Diana had begun dating a few years after her separation from Charles. Now, Diana’s friend has opened up on the royal’s relationship with Hasnat, who the royal nicknamed “Mr Wonderful”, in an ITV documentary to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the princess’ death.  Speaking during ‘Diana’, the princess’ friend and astrologer, Debbie Frank said: “I think that he was, in many ways, a real match for her because he was not seeking for himself. “He was performing public service, intelligent, interesting, lacking in ego, real — that's the kind of person who was able to show her [Diana] what real love was.” The ITV documentary showed Diana meeting Hasnat’s grandmother, who had travelled to the UK from Pakistan for an afternoon tea at Kensington Palace. Ms Frank said: “Part of the appeal for her was she absolutely loved anywhere that she could be part of someone else’s family because she yearned for that.” Richard Kay, the Daily Mail’s editor-at-large and an old friend of Diana’s, added: “It’s something that she never had.  “I mean, her own childhood had been ruptured by divorce, when her mother left the family home, and then her own marriage and her family life with William and Harry.” Diana and Charles had announced their official separation in 1992 but were not yet divorced, and due to Queen Elizabeth II’s standing in the Church of England, the princess was concerned she would never be granted permission to divorce the heir to the throne. In 1995, a year after Charles sat down with Jonathan Dimbleby and admitted to adultery, Diana spoke to Martin Bashir for a now-discredited BBC interview. She too admitted to engaging in extramarital affairs, and discussed her struggle with bulimia and experiences with postnatal depression.  Diana’s interview sent shockwaves through the Royal Family, which had been known to stay strictly silent on personal matters. It also triggered the Queen’s decision to finally allow her son and the princess to divorce. Now, Mr Kay has claimed Diana may have orchestrated the interview for that very reason. Mr Kay said: “We all know Diana was tricked or fed things, but I learned something quite interesting recently, and it came from Hasnat Khan. “And he told me she said: ‘I know how the royals will react to this — I know what they’ll do — they will now want me to divorce. DON'T MISS: Meghan and Harry 'determined' to show that 'their way is the best way' [INSIGHT]Lilibet and Archie to be given special ‘roles’ in upcoming ceremony[REVEAL] Meghan and Harry warning over entering the 'lion's den' on UK return [ANALYSIS]  “That’s what Diana wanted. She wanted to divorce but she didn’t want to be seen to be pushing for a divorce.” In August 1996, Diana and Charles’ divorce was finalised. Hasnat continued to play a huge role in the life of the princess, with Diana immersing herself in Pakistani culture and making multiple trips to Pakistan to meet Hasnat’s family. However, the press soon learned of their relationship and the surgeon admitted to struggling with dating a global superstar. In his inquest statement, Hasnat explained: “My main concern about us getting married was that my life would be hell because of who she was. “I knew I would not be able to live a normal life and if we ever had children together, I would not be able to take them anywhere or do normal things with them.” Mr Kay, who knew Hasnat as well as the princess, said: “It may have been very intoxicating to be close to Diana, but it was also very destabilising. “Hasnat was a very dedicated medical professional, who wanted to make a name for himself, working as an NHS consultant. “But the idea of being able to do that as the boyfriend of Princess Diana was overwhelming.”  The journalist continued: “He just simply couldn’t have been able to do his job, and she knew that and he knew it, so… “She plainly adored her and she absolutely adored him, and it might have been the most wonderful ‘Mills and Boon’ happily ever after ending.” According to Hasnat, in July 1997, Diana called off their relationship, and it was at this time the princess met Dodi Al-Fayed. Following Diana’s death, Hasnat told police that if she were alive today he thinks they “would have remained very good friends, whatever she did and whomever she was with”.  He continued: “I do not know what Diana was like in other relationships but she protected me very well, not just from the media but also from a lot of information. Perhaps she protected me because she thought we had a future together.”