Melinda Trenchard, also known as Lady Woodward and Linda, passed away on April 10, 2016 in Cedars Sinai Hospital, LA at the age of 75. Married to Tom Jones for 59 years, a statement was posted to the singer’s official website saying she died “after a short but fierce battle with cancer” and was “surrounded by her husband and loved ones” at the time of her death. The statement added: “Sir Tom and his family have asked for privacy at this difficult time and no further information is currently available.” It was later revealed Linda had lung cancer and over the years Jones has revealed heartbreaking stories of her demise. During an appearance on The One Show last year he said: “I was there in the hospital room with her for the last 10 days and I said, 'My god Linda, I don’t know what I’m going to do with myself because I won’t be able to sing, I won’t be able to get the words out’. She said, 'You must!' “She said, 'Don’t fall with me! You know, I gotta go. But you don’t have to. And you’ve got to go and do what we planned to do', which was to move back to London.” READ MORE: The food linked to 'leading' cause of vision loss - found in 99% of British households Around 47,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer very year in the UK. Like all cancer, spotting symptoms early can ensure treatment is more successful. But there are usually no signs or symptoms in the early stages of lung cancer. The NHS says many people with he condition eventually develop symptoms including: If you experience any of these symptoms you should see a GP. The health body also advises: “Lung cancer mainly affects older people. It's rare in people younger than 40. “More than four out of 10 people diagnosed with lung cancer in the UK are aged 75 and older. “Although people who have never smoked can develop lung cancer, smoking is the most common cause (accounting for about 72 percent of cases). READ MORE: Gareth Malone's 'devastating' health condition explained - 'hard to come to terms with' “This is because smoking involves regularly inhaling a number of different toxic substances.” Because the symptoms of lung cancer aren’t usually noticeable in the early stages, the outlook for the condition is not as good as many other types of cancer. Around one in three people with the condition live for at least one year after they’re diagnosed. About one in 20 people live at least 10 years. But survival rates can vary widely, depending on how far the cancer has spread at the time of diagnosis. An early diagnosis can make a big difference on the outlook for being diagnosed with the disease. Smoking is one of the biggest risk factors for lung cancer, so experts recommend stopping as soon as possible. A balanced diet and regular exercise can also help in the prevention of lung cancer.