Emmanuel Macron's government has accused Britain of endangering French marine life, blaming Brexit for dangerous sewage discharges in the English Channel. French MEPs urged the EU Commission to take measures to end British discharges of raw sewage into shared waters, part of what they say is an unacceptable lowering of environmental standards since Brexit. The three leading French members of the European Parliament said in a letter to EU Environment Commissioner Virginijus Sinkevicius that they feared harm to marine biodiversity and activities of the fish and shellfish sector. The MEPs, fishing committee chief Pierre Karleskind, committee member Stephanie Yon-Courtin, who is also a member of the Normandy regional council, and former French minister Nathalie Loiseau referred to media reports last week about the large-scale pumping of sewage into Britain's seas. On Thursday, the EU Commission expressed "deep concern" about the issue, reminding the UK it had promised not to regress from existing EU environmental law post-Brexit. A Commission official told MEPs in the European Parliament Fisheries Committee that the EU executive was monitoring the situation, gathering evidence from France on the possible impact of UK sewage releases. But French Green MEP Caroline Roose shamed both Mr Macron and Brussels at the Parliamentary session, pointing out that other EU countries, including France, engage in the same practice. She said: "We need to condemn these discharges from the UK but I think it would hypocritical if we don't condemn discharges in the EU with the same strength. "Even France!" READ MORE: Poland demands WW2 reparations from Germany  An EU official confirmed that "uncontrolled discharges is far from being a solely British problem". British water treatment facilities temporarily discharge raw sewage into seas and rivers if they are inundated by heavy rainfall and risk flooding. Environmental campaigners say such discharges are becoming more common. England and Wales regulator Ofwat and the British government's Environment Agency have launched investigations over the past year into several water companies that admitted they might be making unpermitted sewage discharges. Data from campaign group Surfers Against Sewage (SAS) shows 654 alerts of sewer overflows spilling sewage into bathing waters this summer, from 171 locations in England and Wales. DON'T MISS:Zelensky handed lifeline as Putin running out of weapons [INSIGHT]Ukraine: Hammer blow for Putin - 900 elite military killed [ANALYSIS]Downing Street hit with sexual misconduct allegations [VIDEO] Last month, as heavy rain falling after weeks of dry weather overwhelmed the sewage system, there were 100 alerts for pollution, the data shows, with the south west and south coast of England worst hit. With rain forecast again for parts of England in the next day or so, SAS chief executive Hugo Tagholm said: "We wouldn't be surprised if we saw more pollution events along the south coast where there's rainfall." He said it did not take exceptionally heavy rainfall for raw sewage to be flushed out in storm overflows, and urged people to check the SAS Safer Seas and Rivers Service app which gives real time alerts of pollution incidents. With the app, he said: "People are forewarned, they can make a decision to go somewhere that's not affected, to have a good time at the beach." Data from the app shows the most affected areas this summer have been Longrock, Cornwall and Scarborough on the Yorkshire coast with 19 warnings each, followed by Cowes on the Isle of Wight with 16, and Spittal, Northumberland and Walney Biggar Bank in Cumbria, with 14 each.