Meghan Markle, 41, spoke about her estranged father Thomas Markle and reflected on the relationship Prince Harry and Prince Charles during an interview with The Cut magazine at her California home. The Duke of Sussex's relationship with his father has been said to be tense since the couple's departure from being working royals. Royally Obsessed podcast hosts Rachel Bowie and Roberta Fiorito discussed the later clarifications of Meghan's claims. Ms Bowie said: "I think that Team Sussex PR has clarified to Page Six and to Omid Scobie that Meghan actually meant to say she did not want Harry to lose his relationship with his dad. "Not that it was already lost which I think is really interesting because they do not clarify anything really. "They let the news cycle run its course. "But I think The Cut almost misrepresented it in the way they said it." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's South African security describes Archie room fire  Harry said during their televised interview with Oprah Winfrey last year that Charles had stopped taking his calls. Speaking about the impact of their decision to step down as senior royals, Meghan told The Cut: "Harry said to me, 'I lost my dad in this process'. "It doesn't have to be the same for them as it was for me, but that's his decision." Meghan also revealed that she believes there is "room for forgiveness" between herself and the royal family.  "I think forgiveness is really important," she told the magazine. "It takes a lot more energy to not forgive, but it takes a lot of effort to forgive. "I've really made an active effort, especially knowing that I can say anything." DON'T MISS CNN host voices disbelief at Meghan Markle's race understanding [VIDEO]Queen health fears reignite as Charles paying 'highly-unusual' visits [INSIGHT]Meghan needs 'an intervention' after interview claims [ANALYSIS] Meghan also said that she will be "getting back on Instagram" after deleting her account more than four years ago as part of becoming a senior royal. She added that along with deleting her personal social accounts, she felt like "an actress" playing at being a member of the royal family. Meghan said: "I?? was an actress. "My entire job was 'Tell me where to stand. Tell me what to say. Tell me how to say it. Tell me what to wear, and I'll do it'."