South African Lion King composer Lebohang Morake, known as Lebo M, has said he "does not remember" discussing Nelson Mandela with Meghan Markle at the event. This came after another South African actor, claiming to be the only South African cast member, denied ever having spoken to Meghan. In her interview with The Cut, Meghan reportedly claimed to have spoken with a South African cast member, who suggested her marriage to Prince Harry sparked scenes of joy in South Africa similar to the 1990 release of anti-apartheid campaigner Nelson Mandela from prison. Mr Morake told the MailOnline: "Indeed I was at The Lion King 2019 premier and met the Royals. "I cannot comment on the matter as it was three years ago and I don’t remember details of that conversation which was less than a minute, except the Royals were going to South Africa or Botswana. "I’m the only South African directly associated with both The Lion King films and the Broadway productions." He added: "As a South African, I’m not sure if this is important to most of us facing serious domestic issues. "I’d like to not be dragged into this issue from three years ago either way." Footage of the event shows Mr Morake meeting the Sussexes. Prince Harry can be heard discussing visiting Africa and Malawi. Yesterday, two Lion King stars denied speaking to Meghan during the 2019 premiere of the live-action film. Dr Kani, a veteran of the prestigious Royal Shakespeare Company who voiced the mandrill shaman Rafiki, said he was "baffled" by the Duchess of Sussex's claim, saying he believes she had made a "faux pas". Although there are thought to be no further South African actors starring in the film, there were other South African nationals involved in the movie who may have attended the premiere. Express.co.uk has approached Odeon and Disney to confirm the guestlist of the premiere. South African singer, Lindiwe Mkhize, who sang Circle of Life in the 2019 remake and has also been an actor in the stage play, was also in attendance at the event. But an insider close to the actress and singer told Express.co.uk she "did not speak to Meghan" that night. The source said: "I've known her for over a decade. I was there with her that night. She did not speak to Meghan." This came just hours after Dr Kani's claim that he did not attend the premiere. Dr Kani said: "I have never met Meghan Markle. "This seems like something of a faux pas by her. "I have I have never met the Duchess at all. "I am the only South African member of the cast and I did not attend the premiere in London."