 Meghan Markle’s podcast Archetypes debuted on Spotify last week and quickly reached the top spot in the charts. During the two episodes now released, featuring Serena Williams and Mariah Carey, and during the course of an interview promoting the series, Meghan shared more details about her struggles within the Royal Family. Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir, hoped to be released by Christmas, will also reportedly contain a slew of revelations unlikely to please his family.   Harry and Meghan stepped away from royal duties two years ago to become financially independent and pursue other projects. To date, these have included books, show deals with Netflix and, most recently, Meghan’s newly-released podcast Archetypes on Spotify. The series’ stated aim is to “rip apart the boxes women have been placed into for generations.” During the first episode, a conversation with tennis ace Serena Williams revolving around women and ambition, Meghan said: "I don't remember ever personally feeling the negative connotation behind the word ambitious until I started dating my now husband." READ MORE: Meghan's latest podcast episode savaged 'Disconnected from reality' Meghan also spoke about having to continue with a planned royal engagement in South Africa after being told there had been a fire in the nursery in which her son Archie, who was unharmed, was meant to have been taking a nap. Meghan was joined by Mariah Carey for the second episode to discuss the connotations around the term “diva” as well as their struggles to fit in as mixed-race children. Promoting the podcast, in an interview for New York Magazine’s The Cut also featuring Prince Harry and the couple’s son Archie Harrison, Meghan discussed the friction that arose when her and Harry decided to leave. Recalling their proposal of a half-in, half-out solution the Duchess said: “That, for whatever reason, is not something that we were allowed to do, even though several other members of the family do that exact thing.” DON'T MISS:Royal Navy chief explains why £3bn HMS Prince of Wales broke down [ANALYSIS]Officer 'sexually assaulted by numerous men' at Notting Hill Carnival [REPORT]Germany sparks ridicule as Russia gas strategy backfires [REACTION]'Bitterly disappointing': Angry MEPs order EU to punish Brexit Britain [BREAKING]   During the interview Harry also suggested that some members of the Royal Family “aren't able to work and live together.” The Prince first revealed he was writing a memoir a year ago, confirming it would cover the “experiences, adventures, losses, and life lessons that have helped shape him” over the past four decades. No official release date has been announced, as Page Six has reported the book could be delayed until next year because the Duke of Sussex is unsure about its publication. However, an unnamed source told The Sun: "The manuscript has been finished and gone through all of the legal processes. It’s done and out of Harry’s hands. “The publishing date has been pushed back once but it is on track for the end of the year.” So what do YOU think? Should Harry and Meghan stop using their royal titles? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. 