The former USSR leader, who was at the helm of the Soviet Union when it collapsed, died on Tuesday after a long illness. But the current president of the Russian Federation will not attend the funeral of the Soviet leader, according to the Kremlin.  The service is due to be held on Saturday. Dmitry Peskov, Putin's spokesperson, put the Russian leader's expected absence down to "schedule" constraints. He said Putin had opted to pay his respects at Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital on Thursday. Peskov added: "Unfortunately, the president's work schedule will not allow him to do this on September 3, so he decided to do it today." The Kremlin spokesman then said Gorbachev's send-off will incorporate "elements" of a state funeral. This is thought to include a guard of honour. This comes after the Russian Interfax news agency reported that "there are no plans to organise a state funeral for Gorbachev". Gorbachev polarised opinion in Russia and the rest of the world, often credited with facilitating a bloodless end to the Cold War. READ MORE: Putin retreating to Donbas as Russian losses take toll: ‘No manpower’ But others in Russia see him as the leader who became too aligned with the United States, and allowed the USSR to crumble in 1991. Putin described Gorbachev as a man who found his "own solutions to urgent problems" in a statement issued shortly after the news broke of Gorbachev's death. He said he had a "huge impact on the course of world history" in a time of "dramatic changes". He said: "He led our country during a period of complex, dramatic changes, large-scale foreign policy, economic and social challenges.   "He deeply understood that reforms were necessary, he strove to offer his own solutions to urgent problems."  US President Joe Biden praised Gorbachev's collaboration with former US leader Ronald Reagan to reduce nuclear tensions. He called Gorbachev a "rare leader", who believed in a "better world". He said in a statement: "As leader of the USSR, he worked with President Reagan to reduce our two countries' nuclear arsenals, to the relief of people worldwide praying for an end to the nuclear arms race." He added: "One with the imagination to see that a different future was possible and the courage to risk his entire career to achieve it. "The result was a safer world and greater freedom for millions of people." 