Skincare expert and owner of Monica Tolan The Skin Experts London, Corinna Tolan, said that to get Queen Letizia's "beautiful skin" women should be eating "a diet rich in good fats". Corinna explained why: "When you have a diet that is rich in good fats, your skin is going to be very hydrated and plump due to the lipid membranes that surround the skin cells. They will make your skin glow from head to toe." Good fats include fatty fish like salmon, avocados, nuts, eggs and seeds. The beauty expert also recommended eating oily fish and Omega 3, as well as including a lot of antioxidants in your diet. She explained Queen Letizia certainly does this "to keep her skin really nice and peachy looking". In fact, the Spanish monarch is reported to follow the Perricone Diet, which consists of having salmon for breakfast every morning, a great source of Omega 3. READ MORE: Kate Middleton's body language was in 'shock' seeing Meghan Markle  Corinna continued: "I would think topically she’s probably using antioxidants like vitamin C which of course is going to help with her collagen formation. "Also vitamin A which is going to speed up her cell cycle so her skin cells aren’t lingering around long enough to become dull and grey." The beauty expert went on to talk about Queen Letizia's "perfect tan". Unlike her daughters Princess Leonor and Infanta Sofia, who have pale skin, the monarch always looks very tan. However, Corinna hoped that "at her stage in life, if her tan is perfect it’s because it is fake".  "She's probably working with an incredible self-tanning company, who promotes healthy, glowy skin by using essential ingredients that keep the skin healthy and hydrated," she suggested. Excess sun damages the skin cells and speeds up visible signs of ageing, and even if SPF is used on a daily basis, including in the winter months, "there is no such thing as a safe or healthy tan," Skincancer explained. Queen Letizia spent the summer holidays in Majorca, the Balearic Islands, with her husband King Felipe and their daughters where she looked very tanned and with glowing skin. It is unknown, however, if Letizia uses any kind of self-tanning method for the rest of the year when she also has radiant brown skin. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fashion hack to 'look expensive' - 'she is a fan' Dr Ross Perry, medical director of Cosmedics Skin Clinics, talked about the make-up hacks Queen Letizia of Spain may follow for public appearances. The doctor explained she uses subtle make-up and neutral colours which is a very effective technique to "look younger". He explained: "Make-up always looks flawless yet subtle and the subtle neutral tones are in keeping with her age and actually make her appear at least five years younger." Indeed, dark make-up colours such as metallic eyeshadows or red lipstick can make women look older. Lips become thinner and lose definition with age, so it is important to stay away from dark shades as they make the lips look even thinner. Celebrity makeup artist Jan Ping explained: "A lot of women are really stuck on the idea of always using heavy lipstick, but I think that gloss gives a softer, more youthful appearance." Similarly, dark colours draw attention to wrinkles and fine lines around the eyes. Make-up artist Sasha Plavsic added: "Colours like bright blues, purples [and] greens tend to highlight features that point to a woman's age." Queen Letizia often opts for neutral eyeshadows including brown tones or a smokey eye for formal events. For lipstick, she normally wears peachy and brown colours and has rarely been seen wearing red lipstick.