Mike Bushell, 56, has taken to Twitter to mourn the death of his friend, mentor and colleague Bill Turnbull after he lost his battle with prostate cancer at the age of 66. The grief-stricken presenter reacted to the news by sharing his favourite memories of working with Bill with his over 62,400 followers. "We are numb [and] devastated by the passing of dear friend and former colleague #billturnbull," he wrote. "⁦@BBCBreakfast legend, my mentor 20 years ago, incredible talent to move from the harder news of the day to lighter stories with his clever wit [and] warmth." He also retweeted a BBC article stating that Bill would always be remembered for his "warmth", "humour" and "brilliant" journalism, adding that his love and thoughts were with his family. Then, in a second, equally impassioned tweet, he recalled: "One of my favourite days since first meeting Billy when he helped me find my feet on the Breakfast sofa was a day out to watch him commentating on his beloved @wwfcofficial against @lufc 2009. READ NOW: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role "He was brilliant at everything he did and most importantly the most wonderful company." Meanwhile, Mike paid tribute to the late Bill whilst on-air at the BBC Breakfast studios this morning. "He was so funny and we developed this banter and he was instrumental in getting me more regularly on BBC Breakfast. "He became my mentor and so I owe him so much," an emotional Mike revealed to the nation. "We knew him as a really serious correspondent but when he joined, I was working with him. "I did the odd Breakfast shift and I realised how funny he was, how he could change the mood brilliantly between the hard news and the lighter stuff," he reiterated. Then, Mike's colleague Naga Munchetty chimed in, recalling that her first ever shift for the BBC had been alongside Bill. The pair reminisced over their lost pal, with Mike musing: "He drove this programme, didn't he?" DON'T MISS... Russell Brand riles village by 'turning only pub into vegan eatery' [LATEST] Loose Women's Judi Love lashes out at Brits over Meghan Markle fury [DEBATE] Oti Mabuse leaps off cliff in skimpy bikini during holiday with Motsi [PHOTOS]  The BBC Sport and Strictly Come Dancing star was one of many to pay tribute to Bill today, after it emerged he had died yesterday from prostate cancer. His family issued a statement for the popular presenter, who had also been much loved on shows including Songs of Praise and the game show Think Tank. He left the BBC in 2016 to switch to Classic FM, where he had bravely continued to present until very recently, despite his 2017 diagnosis. "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes," his family wrote.  "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31 August. "He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck." Referring to his campaigning, which urged others to get checked, the statement continued: "It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease." Revealing that Bill had also been an "aspiring beekeeper", his family added that he "was a wonderful husband and father to his three children". "His family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him," they added.