Speaking in Downing Street in July 2019, Theresa May broke down in a flood of sobs and self-pity. In contrast, Johnson exuded verve and vision as he made his farewell address from the Sizewell B nuclear plant in Suffolk. The venue was well-chosen, for the last major act of his premiership was to announce a dramatic leap forward in the nuclear programme. As he revealed with his trademark ebullience, not only is the Government to take a major stake in the development of a new station at Sizewell, with sufficient capacity to power a fifth of homes, but also this step is part of a bold initiative that will see eight new reactors built at a rate of one per year. The target is ambitious, he admitted, but could be met if we “pull our national finger out”. The speech perfectly embodied the unorthodox but compelling spirit of Boris. There was the usual optimistic faith in Britain as he dubbed his plan “our Great British nuclear campaign”. There was the eccentricity as he recalled how one of his favourite books in his childhood had been the 1972 Ladybird book of nuclear power, a volume which appears to have sparked his fascination with big engineering and infrastructure projects. And there was a bit of his habitual knockabout partisanship as he laid into Tony Blair and Nick Clegg for their failure over the last two decades to harness nuclear technology.  Where Britain once led the world in this field, he complained, there had recently been “zilch” investment because of the “myopia” and “short-termism” of politicians. “Thanks a bunch, Tony,” he said, though he might have used the same language about his own Tory governments, which have been equally complicit in neglect until now. It was appropriate that Boris should conclude on energy, which represents by far the biggest crisis facing us. But he also touched yesterday on several of his administration’s clear achievements, including global leadership on Ukraine, the delivery of Brexit, the oversight of the world-beating Covid vaccine programme and the spread of fast broadband. “This Government has not shirked the big decisions,” he declared with an air of defiance. Idealistic and imaginative, the speech yesterday represented the best of Boris. He left the stage with a sense that he could have been a great Prime Minister, if only he had focused on his task and not been so distracted by trivialities. When Theresa May went, the Tory party breathed a collective sigh of relief. But this week Johnson’s departure has prompted a more reflective mood about unfulfilled promise. 