Doc Martin (played by Martin Clunes) is coming to an end after 18 years with the final series airing on ITV later this month. The actor who plays the doctor joined Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway on Thursday’s Good Morning Britain to discuss the final series and how Martin feels about saying goodbye to the iconic character. GMB shared with viewers a teaser clip from the upcoming series. The clip showed a confused Martin turning away a patient who was adamant she had booked an appointment with the doctor for her son. Martin is left baffled when Louisa Glasson (Caroline Catz) appears and confirms the appointment is with her. Discussing the teaser, Martin said: “I’m not a doctor at the beginning as you saw and Louisa's taken over my practice, but I don't think it's a spoiler to say that I will see patients again later in the series. Read more: Martin Clunes speaks out on work drying up for being ‘A pale male’  "It really builds to a terribly dramatic conclusion, really dramatic.” “Gosh,” Kate exclaimed as Martin added: “Yes, really dramatic." Will one of the show's beloved character's be killed off in the series finale? “Then the series finishes and then a few weeks later we have our Christmas episode which is an addendum," he added. Ben interjected: “And you filmed the Christmas episode back in February?” Martin explained the cast and crew filmed the Christmas episode before the tenth series. “It’s bizarre when you think it’s going to go out the Christmas after that,” Ben remarked. The presenter asked the actor what he was going to miss most about Doc Martin. He replied: “I’m going to miss hanging around. DON'T MISS Martin Clunes admits ITV wanted to keep Doc Martin  [INSIGHT]Martin Clunes on Doc Martin final season [INTERVIEW]Martin Clunes on why it's 'good time' for Doc Martin to end [VIDEO] “I’ve stood outside that surgery, there’s a lot of waiting around when you’re filming and I’ve been gazing out to sea. “I don’t think I’ve stood in any place, in any garden I’ve owned for that long.” Elsewhere in the interview, Martin explained why he felt it was the right time for the show to come to an end. “I’m too old,” he told Kate. “We’ve done it now. It’s been great, a dreamy amount of success and people love it all around the world but it’s just time to complete it.” Earlier this month, Martin admitted on This Morning that the series had been “tough” for his wife Philippa Braithwaite who writes and produces the show. "It's just a good time to end,” he shared. “Poor Philippa, she's worked on every single script, 84 of them and none of them are easy because you've got a main protagonist who doesn't like anybody and nobody likes him and go from there. "It hasn't been easy, it's been tough. We don't want to repeat ourselves.” Doc Martin returns to ITV on Wednesday at 9pm. Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.