Nick Kyrgios was handed an unsportsmanlike conduct warning after spitting on court and swearing at his team during his second round US Open match against Benjamin Bonzi. The 27-year-old was leaving by two sets but dropped the third after being slapped with the code violation as he fumed towards his box. Kyrgios looked to be on his way to the third round of the US Open before receiving a warning deep in the third set of his match against Bonzi. The 23rd seed had been chuntering at his team throughout the match and claiming they weren't supporting him enough but finally snapped and received a warning when he was broken for the Frenchman to serve for the set. The recent Wimbledon finalist was caught spitting on the court in the direction of his box before launching an x-rated rant towards his team - consisting of his friend, physio and girlfriend - which earned him a warning for unsportsmanlike conduct. "Go home if you're not going to f****** support me bro," he shouted towards his box as he sat on his bench at the changeover, earning a code violation for his language. JUST IN: Dart helps Raducanu after British No 1 loses in US Open first round  Even after being warned, the world No 25 continued his tirade towards his players' box on Louis Armstrong Stadium, adding: "It’s a f***** joke. You’re not a f****** spectator, you’re not a spectator." Kyrgios was also criticised for spitting on the court, as Barry Cowan claimed that the Aussie deserved another warning for the gesture while commentating on the match for Amazon Prime Video. As the umpire handed down a warning, he added: "And I’d give him a warning and a point penalty because what he did before - spitting - you don’t want to see that." DON'T MISSAndy Murray ends six-year US Open wait with comeback win over NavaNadal 'furious' at hospital video leak of wife after pregnancy scareRoger Federer's former coach feels Emma Raducanu is in 'trouble'  The world No 50 then served out the third set when both players returned to the baseline to resume play, as Kyrgios continued complaining to his box. Bonzi's momentum continued into the fourth set as the former world No 13 continued to appear frustrated, and the Frenchman broke for a 2-1 lead. Kyrgios' rant towards his team continued at the changeover, claiming that they were too relaxed "at 4-3 in the third", but he was able to fire himself up and broke straight back for 2-2 as his box also raised their energy and cheered on their man.