Piers Morgan, 57, and Celia Walden, 46, married in Swinbrook, Oxfordshire back in 2010 after four years of dating. Today, the author discussed how spending time apart from each other was a good thing for the couple and how she may even consider it again.   The pair spent five weeks apart over the summer due to their respective work schedules and both enjoyed the break. Celia recently wrote about their time apart in her weekly column, which prompted many readers to share their opinions online. Speaking from France to Lorraine host Christine Lampard today, she said: “I did enjoy the predictable Twitter responses to my piece, saying, ‘Well if I was married to Piers Morgan, I would make it a very, very long sabbatical’, but he enjoyed it too. "It was very good for both of us.” READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role During their time away from each other, Piers worked in London and some parts of America, while Celia was based in Los Angeles. She added: “We didn’t have many phone calls, but we did message and I just found it so exciting when we saw each other again. “It felt like the early days of our marriage or even the early days of dating and I love that.” The mother-of-one went on to say that the couple didn't stop talking and had a good catch up when they finally reunited.  "He’s very pleased to be allowed back into the fold, because I think men do like their wives to be around a lot of the time, at least I think they do. He’s in fine form," she continued. Piers' wife added that she could potentially be up for having another sabbatical away from her spouse next year. “By the time you come out in January, nobody wants to be near their family. By February I'll be ready for another one," she added. Taking to her Instagram page after the show, the author joked that she feared her regular conversations about marriage sabbatical could potentially turn the situation permanent if she carries on. DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle left ‘squirming’ as Mariah Carey brands her a ‘diva’ [REACTION]Louise Minchin breaks silence on Bill Turnbull's death [TRIBUTE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments [PICTURES]  Celia is the presenter's second marriage, following his split from first wife Marion Shalloe. He and the latter share three sons together; Spencer, Albert and Stanley. With his current wife, the pair share 10-year-old daughter Elise, who stayed with her during their break. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.   