 Keanu Reeves, one of the richest actors in the world, celebrates his 58th birthday on Friday, September 2. And the Matrix star is far from close-fisted with his time and money. The actor is a notorious do-gooder, often surprising fans and colleagues with his generosity.   Just last month, the multimillionaire was reportedly filming a documentary in Northamptonshire when he gate-crashed a wedding – much to the bride’s delight – and spent time with each of the guests. In mid-August a freshly married groom spotted Reeves in the same hotel as his wedding reception and the star gladly gatecrashed. In 2019 he reportedly bought an ice cream simply so he could use the receipt to give a teen fan his autograph and went viral last year for gifting each member of his John Wick stunt team engraved Rolex watches. As an action star, Reeves has not been shy about his praise and reverence towards stunt performers and allegedly gifted each of the 12 Matrix Reloaded stuntmen with their own Harley Davidson motorbike. Reeves’ colleagues have often been on the receiving end of his generosity, as he reportedly “slipped” a $20,000 (£17,000) bonus to one of the Matrix set builders after hearing that they were having financial issues. READ MORE: Game of Thrones' King Joffrey actor Jack Gleeson unrecognisable as he marries in Ireland  Page Six reported a Hollywood production source said: “Trust me, stunt guys are all dying to work with Keanu. Not just for the gifts. It’s because he takes them so seriously and credits them with helping contribute to his success.” As his generosity begins to pile up over the years, it may be shocking to know that despite giving away so much Reeves is still one of the richest actors in the industry. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Reeves is currently worth an incredible $380million (£327million). While Reeves’ face almost guarantees a box office hit now, acting jobs and money were not always so easy to come by for the Lebanon-born actor. The Bill & Ted star was just three when his father abandoned the family, leaving his mum Patricia to raise her two children alone.  The philanthropist spent most of his childhood globe-trotting with his mother before the family settled down in Canada. There, Reeves’ desperately struggled with dyslexia and went through four high schools in five years before emerging without any qualifications. However, it was at school where the young Reeves found a love for acting after being cast in the school production of Romeo and Juliet. Although at the time Reeves was set on a career in ice hockey, he began appearing in small television roles and commercials on Canadian television. In 1986, at the age of 22, the actor got his first film role in Youngblood for which he received just $3,000 (£2,500).     This propelled his reputation and Reeves began receiving a number of co-starring and leading roles over the next decade. Speed, the 1994 action film, skyrocketed Reeves’ fame and earned him $1.2million (£1million), although it was alleged that the actor turned down a starring role in the sequel to the tune of $11million (£9million). Soon, Reeve’s career-defining role of Neo in The Matrix series arrived. According to Celebrity Net Worth, this role was originally given to Will Smith who turned it down. Reeves’ starting salary for The Matrix was $10million (£8.6million), although this reached an actual pay cheque of $35million (£30million) thanks to the first film’s success.  The actor reportedly earned $120million (£103million) just in bonuses from the second and third films The actor went from one box office hit to another, soon starring as the infamous John Wick which grossed hundreds of millions at the box office. It’s not just acting that brings Reeves’ millions in income, but he was also bass guitarist for the band Dogstar in the Nineties. The band was the reason Reeves declined his role in Speed 2 as they were touring at the time. He has also co-founded a custom motorcycle company, a production company and has written two books: Ode to Happiness and Shadows.