As a net importer, the UK is one of several nations almost totally reliant on energy supplies from other nations. While firms do not buy their oil and gas from Russia, they receive supplies via pipelines running through other nations reliant on Putin-controlled exports, such as Belgium and the Netherlands. The fact means British businesses must pay a premium for their energy, which they pass on to customers, and if those prices become too much or the country is cut off from providers, UK energy supplies would be in jeopardy. The fragile situation in Europe means much of the continent is now in-between gas suppliers as nations seek alternatives to Russian pipelines. The UK is among the nations hit hardest, as the country pays more to European nations from which it receives its gas supplies, as they pay more to Putin's government-controlled producers. The additional expense has left much of Europe reluctant to export their supplies, and Norway - another prime exporter to the UK - is becoming similarly conservative with its gas. READ MORE: Putin sparks ‘sheer angst’ in Germany after gas cut Altogether, these factors mean the UK is running low on gas, and there is little by way of a backup supply, as officials closed the North Sea Rough storage facility in 2017. Nick Campbell, a director at UK consultancy Inspired Plc, told Bloomberg a "lack of UK long-range storage" would leave the country "reliant on European and LNG imports" to meet national demand. But there is not yet a prospect of running out entirely, as the National Grid has set out an emergency plan for Britain should supplies run in this direction. The plans stipulate that Britons would make changes at three key stages to ensure the country isn't left energy deprived. If these options fail to stem a decline in energy availability, companies may have to ration their supplies. Stage two would see the Network Emergency Coordinator shut off exports in the name of conservation to everywhere but Ireland. Ultimately, this may mean controlled blackouts to ensure people can't use electricity - production of which is reliant on gas in the UK - although organisations and buildings such as hospitals will stay supplied. Officials may also ramp up their bids to have Britons use less gas or stop using it altogether via more formal appeals. Experts fear winter could prove a make-or-break moment for the UK, as cold weather pushes demand through the roof. The conditions mean the country sees its supplies collapse during a bitter chill, forcing National Grid officials to implement stage three: cutting it off altogether. The 80 percent of UK households heated with gas may have to go without for several days, as technicians must purge air from gas operating systems in person. National Grid officials have stressed this is the last resort, with Mr Wilcock saying in his webinar that the organisation would use "every single tool" before stage three. On Russian gas, Department for Business, Energy & Industrial Strategy said in a February Q&A: "Unlike other countries in Europe, the UK is in no way dependent on Russian gas supply. Our single largest source of gas is from the UK Continental Shelf and the vast majority of imports come from reliable suppliers such as Norway. "There are no gas pipelines directly linking the UK with Russia and imports from Russia made up less than four percent of total UK gas supply in 2021. "Great Britain’s highly diverse supply sources include pipelines from the UK and Norway continental shelf, interconnectors with the continent, and three liquified natural gas (LNG) terminals, providing Britain with one of the largest LNG import infrastructures in Europe. Germany, for example, has no LNG import terminals."