Rafael Nadal has revealed he was left feeling dizzy after his painful nose injury during his US Open win over Fabio Fognini. The accident occurred in bizarre circumstances during the fourth set with the Spaniard looking set to coast to victory. While stretching for a backhand shot the 22-time Grand Slam champion’s racquet fell onto the ground, rebounding back into his face causing a bloody nose that forced the world No 3 to go and lie down. The physio was called to provide treatment to the 36-year-old and he quickly returned to court after having the damage taped up. He went on to win in a comfortable fashion completing a 2-6, 6-4, 6-2, 6-1 success. He was still proudly sporting his taped-up nose when he attended his media duties after the match, telling reporters he had been left feeling somewhat spaced after the accident. "[It] was just a strong hit,” he said. “At the beginning I thought I broke the nose because it was a shock at the beginning. Was very painful. I lost a little bit of the feeling in my head. It's about being a little bit out of the world," Nadal said. "I don't know, seems like it's not. I am not sure yet. I don't know. I think it's getting bigger and bigger. "That's just a shock some way I deserved to play that bad for a while. No, it's a joke. These are things that happen sometimes." DON'T MISS: Cameron Norrie cruises into US Open third round after Joao Sousa win Nadal, who is chasing a record-extending 23rd major title in New York, admitted that he was concerned he could go on to lose the match after the accident. "I was a little bit in shock. I knew that when I came back on court I was going to be in trouble for a while," Nadal said. "But I needed to save that service game. I had a couple of good serves and a good passing shot with the backhand. I won the game. "Tennis is a lot about moments. The most important thing in this game is when you are playing bad or when the opponent is playing too good, don't be too far on the score." DON'T MISS...Nick Kyrgios explains 'professionalism' after spitting and swearingAndy Murray lifts lid of sleep secrets before US Open Berrettini clashJohn McEnroe issues fiery response to Rafael Nadal's demand for talks The injury was not the only setback the tennis legend faced during the match, having lost the first set he also found himself a breakdown three times in the second set. He managed to overturn the deficit and turned the momentum of the match, leading to a more comfortable road to glory. He will now play Richard Gasquet in the third round on Saturday as he looks to add to his 2022 Australian Open and French Open crowns.