In official spoilers released from ITV, Emmerdale's Faith Dingle (played by Sally Dexter) will be haunted by Shadrach Dingle (Andy Devine) after she believes her son Cain (Jeff Hordley) is her ex. Faith, who is dying from cancer, is slowly getting worse as the disease slowly takes hold of her body. Faith already feels like she is losing control of her life after her driving licence got taken away from her. And it appears things are going to get worse for the Dingle favourite in upcoming scenes. Faith is haunted by her ex, Shadrach, who was killed off from the ITV soap in 2010. The alcoholic, who had liver disease, died after collapsing into a river and drowning. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling With her life seemingly slipping away from her, Faith decides to make the most of the time she has left. In a bid to get some independence back, Faith plots a way to see her grandchildren without supervision. Later on, Kyle (Huey Quinn) and Sarah (Katie Heath) exchange secret looks when Faith surprises them with the chameleon she’s stolen from the Vets. However, Faith is sent into a panic when she realises the reptile has escaped her clutches. Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) is left in shock when he sees the chameleon join him at the bar. With the chameleon returned, Faith's children Cain and Chas (Lucy Pargeter) are unhappy with their mother's stunt. Their heart breaks for her when Faith begs them not to stop her from making more memories with her grandchildren. However, the Dingle's stick to their guns and insist Faith can't look after the children without supervision. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [SPOILERS]Bargain Hunt star details huge profit Prince Charles' toast made [INSIGHT]Sir Tom Jones opens up on difficulty walking as he awaits operation  [NEWS] Faith is clearly tormented to think this is yet another thing being taken away from her. She is also left petrified when all signs point to her having to relinquish control of her own life. Chas tries to understand, however, the barmaid is left hurt when Faith decides she wants Cain to have a lasting power of attorney after she decides on a DNR (do not resuscitate). It’s bleak as they contemplate the idea of Faith not being able to make her own decisions anymore. While looking at the power of attorney registration form, Cain asks Ethan (Emile John) for advice. He later goes to see his mum to finalise any final details of her dying wishes. However, when they are discussing her wishes, Faith is sent into a confused state and she believes Cain is her ex, Shadrach. With this blast from the past coming back to haunt her, Faith ends up threatening him with a frying pan screaming for him to get away. Will Faith's condition worsening, will Cain stick to his mum's dying wish? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.