Earlier this week, the Duchess of Sussex's interview with the New York Magazine The Cut was published. The interview was met with high criticism after the 41-year-old made added revelations about her time as a member of the Royal Family. According to Royally Us' host Christine Ross, the Duchess clearly wants to have her "point of view presented publicly" and that, in doing The Cut interview, she is trying to "set the record straight". Speaking on the latest episode of Royally Us, Ms Ross said: "It's so important to her [that] her experience and her point of view to be presented publicly. "She really wants to set her record straight. "I think this interview was another step towards that ." She added: "We, sort of, saw in the Oprah [Winfrey] interview, we saw it in, you know, the things that she said and done over the last, gosh it's been over two years. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Time to strip their titles' Meghan and Harry spark fury with new claim "She really wants to set the record straight from her point of view, and her experience. "This whole interview was all about that." Meghan officially joined the Royal Family in May 2018, when she married Prince Harry. The couple were declared senior working royals, until they made a decision to step down in early 2020. READ MORE: 'Bowled over': Prince Harry makes surprise video appearance with 'DoS' name on Zoom call The Cut interview follows only one week after the release of the first episode of Meghan's new podcast Archetypes. Archetypes, which is set to have a dozen episodes, is only available on Spotify. According to Spotify, Meghan will use the platform to "investigate the labels that try to hold women back". DON'T MISS Kate and Meghan inherited 12 jewels worth £593K from Princess Diana [REPORT] Eamonn Holmes in fiery Meghan Markle rant 'Move on' [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle 'pinned up as bigger star' than Mariah Carey in podcast [REVEAL] Shortly before the first episode of Archetypes was live, Meghan released a promotional video. In the promo, the 41-year-old promised the episodes would show "the real me" and vowed to be "unfiltered". The episodes will allow Meghan to interview a host of famous friends. Tennis professional Serena Williams joined Meghan in the first episode and singer Mariah Carey was the second guest. READ NEXT: