Andy Ruiz Jr has revealed that he will ‘weigh the same as he did against Anthony Joshua’ when he squares off with Luis Ortiz on September 4 despite a string of weight loss rumours. Ruiz Jr told FightHype.com at the open workout for this weekend’s event that he will step on the scales around the 260lb mark, similar to the 268lb weight he was recorded at for his first fight with Joshua. Talking about his physique and his attempts to slim down, he said: “I’ve been doing everything that I’m supposed to do. I don’t want to say a lot of stuff but yesterday we ate canes, I’m not on a big diet you know. “I’ve been eating good, the main thing and the most important thing is just putting the hard work inside the gym. So weight, it goes off and it comes back on whenever it does but we just focus on boxing. “How much do you think I weigh? I’m in the sixty’s bro [260lb]. So, I weigh almost exactly what I was when I fought Anthony Joshua but a little bit more ability in moving around. But I feel good man.” Ruiz Jr’s admittance comes after a video emerged online of him in what appeared to be a career-best shape. The ESPN Ringside video captioned: “Andy Ruiz is getting ready for his PPV fight against Luis Ortiz in Sept. Andy Ruiz is in phenomenal shape,” showed a trimmed Destroyer working out in the gym. Underneath the video, the comments section was flooded with praise for his transformation. MORE BOXING NEWS... Inside Joshua's 'furious' dressing room meltdown after Usyk defeat Tommy Fury 'throws punches' at his brother in street fight Joshua backed to axe coach for controversial comments after Usyk loss One fan, @ronnie_harmison, wrote: “Wow he looks fantastic go on @Andy_destroyer1 looking good get bck in the mix.” While @ElCompa60 questioned whether he was sitting around the 200lb cruiserweight limit: “Anyone know where he is at weight? Looks like he could make cruiser weight!” Before @notevenmate added: “Looking mean and lean.” But as many others highlighted, Ruiz Jr has posted plenty of images and videos before fights in which he looks to have slimmed down before weighing in at the same weight. Ahead of his last fight with Chris Arreola, the internet was sent into an absolute frenzy when photos were posted online that showed the 32-year-old with a visibly sucked-in gut. But the California-born boxer went on to step on the scales at 256lb.