History will be made tonight in Paris as the UFC holds its first event in France. Mixed martial arts was banned in the country until 2020 when the French National Olympic and Sports Committee signed off MMA under the jurisdiction of the French Boxing Federation. Now, national MMA star Ciryl Gane competes in a do-or-die fight against Australia’s Tai Tuivasa in front of a home crowd at the Accor Arena. The former interim heavyweight champion suffered the first setback of his career when he was beaten on points by former training partner Francis Ngannou in a championship unification bout at UFC 270. Prior to that, the 32-year-old had recorded 10 consecutive victories with seven of those coming inside the UFC Octagon. Among his big wins are stoppages over Junior Dos Santos and Derrick Lewis, as well as a dominant five-round shutout against Alexander Volkov. His adversary, Tuivasa, finds himself in a rich vein of form having stopped his last five opponents after a three-fight slump. Victories over Stefan Struve, Harry Hunsucker, Greg Hardy, Augusto Sakai, and Derrick Lewis have all paved the way for his surge up the rankings to No 3 in the heavyweight division – two places behind Gane. Date and venue The event is scheduled to take place on Saturday, September 3 at the Accor Arena in Paris, France. UK Fight time and TV channel/live stream The prelims will start at 6pm for UK fans with the main card kicking off at 8pm. Gane vs Tuivasa can then be expected at around 10pm. The action will be shown live on BT Sport 3 from 6pm. Viewers can also live stream the event through the BT Sport app to all good internet-connected devices. MORE UFC NEWS... White gives brutally honest verdict on Paul vs Silva fight McGregor causes a stir as fans convinced sex act video shared on yacht Froch reignites Conor McGregor feud as he takes aim at punching power Full card Ciryl Gane vs Tai Tuivasa Robert Whittaker vs Marvin Vettori Alessio Di Chirico vs Roman Kopylov John Makdessi vs Nasrat Haqparast William Gomi vs Jarno Errens Charles Jourdain vs Nathaniel Wood Dustin Stoltzfus vs Abus Magomedov Fares Ziam vs Michal Figlak Nassourdine Imavov vs Joaquin Buckley Benoit Saint-Denis vs Gabriel Miranda Khalid Taha vs Cristian Quinonez Ailin Perez vs. Stephanie Egger *Running order subject to change. Odds Gane win 2/11 Tuivasa win 5/1 Draw 41/1 *Odds courtesy of Betfair are correct at the time of publication.