The bartender at the County Hotel in Immingham, North East Lincolnshire, reportedly informed the man that the cost of a pint would increase by 20p to £3.40 from next week, resulting in a two-hour stand off with police after he took to the roof of the three-storey building in protest. The man shouted about his anxiety over the cost of living and how he was under pressure to meet bills.  More than a dozen police officers attended the scene and talked the man down after his protest, reports Grimsby Live. Owner of the County, Willie Weir, said he had sympathy with customers. But with increased energy costs he will be putting prices up. He said he remained serving the cheapest pint in the town. "He just had a meltdown over the possibility the price would be going up. I'm not sure what pressures he is facing but he wasn't happy. "We have no idea how or why he went on the roof and started shouting about energy costs. It was a bit crazy," said the owner. No damage or injury were caused in the protest. A Humberside Police spokesperson said: "A police scene was in place until around 9pm whilst officers resolved the situation and the man came down from the rooftop. "The man is now assisting officers and enquiries will be carried out to ascertain the circumstances that led to the incident and if any offences have been committed. "We would like to thank the public and the local community for their patience and understanding whilst the incident was dealt with and brought to a safe conclusion." The protest has highlighted concerns in the pub trade about the spiralling cost of living and the impact on businesses, staff and customers. In particular, energy prices, not capped for businesses, will hit hard. Graham Larn, spokesman for Grimsby and North East Lincolnshire district CAMRA (Campaign for Real Ale) said he is deeply concerned for the number of pubs and bars that will be closed down due to increased costs of energy, staff, food and drinks. Inflation is forecast to be over 20 per cent next year. "We at CAMRA are extremely concerned about the current pub crises and would ask pub goers to support their local hostelries as much as they possibly can, we don't want to see any more pubs closed," he said. He added: "Seventy per cent of licensed premises are expected to close permanently, due to the rising cost of living, plus sky high energy bills. And businesses do not qualify for rate capping, like households. "Even if locals pubs are packed to the rafters three nights a week, it wont be enough to sustain the pub business. Only the big chain pubs will survive. Freehouses like some bars in town in Grimsby, will struggle to remain viable. We must not let this happen. The Government needs to get a grip and halt these price hikes before its too late." Landlady of the No1 Pub in Cleethorpes, Lisa Snook joked that staff were getting ready to serve hot water bottles to customers on the colder days in winter. "We need to keep competitive with all the bars in Cleethorpes, especially on the High Street and Sea View Street, where is can be up to £5 for a pint. "Carling here is £3.20 and Strongbow is still £2.90. There aren't many places like ours still serving a pint for under £3. Guinness is £3.30 and all the guest ales are £3.20. We use Batemans as a wholesaler, as they are local. We know all the staff, in sales and the draymen, all called by their first names. It isn't like one of the internationally-owned brewery chains. We like to use local firms. "Our food is quite cheap, but it may have to go up in September, though we are trying not to. Everyone is trying to keep prices low as you don't want to cut off your nose to spite your face and lose customers. We are a big pub and when the heating goes on it heats the whole place, not just parts of it. We might need to tell customers to bring their own hot water bottles or serve them with a pint," joked Lisa. She added: "We opened The No1 pub on the day the Smoking Ban came in 15 years ago in January 2007 and that was soon followed by the financial crisis. We had the pandemic over the past two years and now heading into another recession. But we have good resilience in Cleethorpes and we have good regular customers. It has been a good summer season and nice to see people coming out for a bit of entertainment." One customer said: "Going out for a drink is now a luxury for many people. They have to pay their bills first and see what is left over." At The County Hotel in Brighowgate, customers Nev Stone and Glen Crouch were enjoying a reunion in Grimsby. Nev said: "We are not going to be doing a rooftop protest, but it is a concern for pubs. My brother works for PubCo and has been lobbying Government about the pressures they are all facing. Let's hope it gets sorted and people support their local bars." Marstons have increased their average prices for a pint of beer by over £1 since November last year. The average price now stands at £3.80.