Sir Keir Starmer joined BBC Radio 5's Nicky, Campbell as the Labour leader looked to set out his credentials as a future Prime Minister. Sir Keir faced a tough grilling from callers, including a Labour member, James from Huddersfield, who argued the party should be less "timid" and look again at policies promoted under the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn. The caller said: "You've worked hard to show and been very clear that the Labour Party has moved on from the leadership of Jeremy Corbyn and is under new management. "I understand your reasons for doing so, however, regardless of how unpopular the party leader was the 2017 Labour manifesto which you stood on had some strong, progressive and fully costed policies. Which were polled as being very popular with the public, even among traditional Conservative voters." Pointing to the current cost of living crisis the caller asked Sir Keir: "Why is the Labour party so timid with its policy offer?" When asked to clarify which policy struck him as timid, James answered: "Our current offer on energy prices, to freeze it for the winter, is to borrow a phrase that has been used a lot recently, kicking the can down the road." JUST IN: Macron quivering in boots as Truss to hand Frost 'significant' role to get tough on EU   Sir Keir said: "I don't accept that is kicking the can down the road." He said his party's plan is "meeting the concerns of millions of people". He said he understands the scale of the challenge facing households, adding that "many people listening and watching this will be saying 'I can't afford that"'. Pressed on his longer-term plans, he pointed to his party's call for a national mission on home insulation.  On the question of what we do long term, I am completely up for that challenge," he told the programme. "I accept the challenge that something has got to be done in April." Of the Government, he said: "I don't think we are approaching this in the right way, because we keep coming up with short-term answers." Sir Keir Starmer has said he knows what it is like not being able to pay bills. DON'T MISS:Have Your Say: Is Emmanuel Macron a friend of Britain? [GET INVOLVED]Emmanuel Macron breaks silence on Liz Truss swipe as he mocks British [REACTION]Fury as Labour attacked for siding with France and the EU to bash UK [UPDATE] The Labour leader spoke about his own childhood as he was pressed on how his party would help struggling families. I actually do know what it is like to sit around the kitchen table not being able to pay your bills." He said he remembered the phone being cut off for "months at a time". Sir Keir said he was not claiming "great poverty" but he said there were times his family could not pay for utilities. "Millions of people will be having that anxious conversation as we speak now." 