New Manchester United signing Antony has been sent a strong message by Jadon Sancho after the England international scored his second goal of the season to inspire the Red Devils to a 1-0 win over Leicester on Thursday night. Sancho's sparkling form has seen him lay down a marker to Antony who appears set to face a battle to break into Erik ten Hag's resurgent side. Success over the Foxes saw United claim a third successive Premier League win and continue their upturn in form after enduring humiliating defeats in their opening two matches of the season. The arrival of Antony in a £84million deal on deadline day has only added to the improved sense of optimism surrounding Old Trafford in recent weeks, but it seems the Brazilian will not necessarily be assured of a starting spot despite his mega-money price tag. Ten Hag opted for an unchanged front three of Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Anthony Elanga against Leicester and the trio once again delivered. Sancho in particular continued to impress for United, following up his recent strike against Liverpool with another at the King Power. Following his vital contribution against the Foxes, Sancho credited a full pre-season as a key factor in his improved understanding with his United team-mates. The £73m signing from last summer said: "It was a great team goal, I'm just happy I got the goal for the team and a good three points. "Obviously doing pre-season with the team, my first pre-season - last year I missed pre-season - I have got to know the players a lot more and we've worked on stuff and I am getting more comfortable. We hoped to start the season with two wins but obviously that woke us up and I am happy that we got the third win today." Given Sancho's recent success, Antony faces an uphill battle to claim a starting spot for United. Despite his hefty price tag, the Brazilian may well find himself restricted to cameo appearances from the bench for the foreseeable future - something Cristiano Ronaldo has also been confined to. Sancho has been deployed on the left wing in recent weeks having spent the opening two games of United's season on the right. Despite being predominantly left-footed, Antony is a player who was most influential when used on the right during his Ajax days so he may well be eyeing up Elanga's spot instead. There can be no denying the £84m man presents an exciting prospect for United going forward and, having thrived under Ten Hag in Amsterdam, he will no doubt be utilised throughout the upcoming season by the Dutchman. With Sancho in this form though, the 22-year-old samba star may have to wait for his time to shine.