On an episode of Homes Under the Hammer, Jacqui Joseph was viewing a property in St John’s Wood, North West London. The area is one of the most expensive neighbourhoods in London and is incredibly sought-after. The property Jacqui was viewing was a first floor studio flat with a balcony. On entering the home, it was clear the property needed to be modernised and updated. Despite its dated appearance, the property had a lot of potential with high ceilings and a separate kitchen. The main living area, which would be used as a dining, living and bedroom space, was large and included an old fireplace. The balcony, although small, was a bonus as it’s rare for homes in the area to have outdoor space. The property had a guide price of £265,000 in February 2022 and a 125-year lease. The home could be made into a one-bedroom flat if the kitchen was taken out and the cupboard next to the kitchen was knocked through. READ MORE: Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills The property was bought by city trader Pete who had a winning bid of £305,000. The Londoner bought the property to be his first home and planned to do a lot of the renovation work with his parents and uncles. His parents have renovated and sold a lot of properties in the past and his uncles worked in construction. Initially, Pete wasn’t sure about whether to convert the kitchen into a bedroom. He was planning on instead installing a raised platform that the bed would go on top of and storage could be put underneath. DON'T MISSInside Anmer Hall: Kate and William's home they'll keep after move [INSIGHT]Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items [UPDATE]Energy bills: 'Simple test' to see how much water your shower wastes [ANALYSIS] Pete had a £15,000-£20,000 budget and planned to complete the work in three months. Homes Under the Hammer returned 16 months later to check on Pete’s progress. The property looked stunning with hardwood flooring throughout, new doors and a clean, modern finish. Overall, the home looked much brighter with white walls and new lighting. The bathroom had been modernised with a new bath, waterfall shower head and new tiles. The old living area originally had surface electrics and pipework which was in need of updating. This was replaced with modern fixtures, fittings and lighting. The biggest surprise was Pete’s decision to move the kitchen into the main living area and turn the small kitchen space into a bedroom. Pete had to put in plans for alterations, and the council wanted to ensure there were no fire safety risks if the bedroom was moved. The city trader and his dad did most of the work which included installing a brand new modern kitchen and bathroom. One of his uncles sorted out the electrics while another installed the kitchen worktops. In the end, Pete spent £12,500 to £15,000 on the project which didn’t include labour costs. In July 2022, a local estate agent estimated the property to have a value of £400,000. With Pete having spent £320,000, he has added 31 percent to the property’s sales price. If he were to sell the property, this would give him a pre-tax profit of £80,000. The estate agent said the property could be rented for £1,500 per calendar month which would give Pete a yield of over five percent. Homes Under the Hammer can be streamed on BBC iPlayer and airs at 11.15am on weekdays.