To help households with spiralling living costs, the Government launched a cost of living payment scheme as part of its £15billion support package. The scheme offers three different types of one-off payments and Britons must be claiming certain benefits or the state pension to be eligible. Inflation rates hit 10.1 percent as of July, the sharpest annual rise in 40 years. While fuel, energy, and cost of goods soar, the Government has been issuing a number of measures to support households with increasing costs. These include schemes like the energy bill support scheme and the council tax rebate, most of which will be landing in bank accounts in Autumn. The cost of living payment was one of the later schemes to have been announced as an additional means to help soften the blow, and more instalments of this type of payment are due to be paid in September. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warns 'people will die this winter'  There are three types of cost of living payments, and these include: Over 7.2 million households have already received the first half of the main £650 cost of living payment over the summer, while the disability and pensioner payments will be distributed from September and November respectively. Here are the dates to expect the next - or first, for some - instalments of payments.  The £650 cost of living payment is being paid in two instalments and to qualify, claimants must be on one of the following means-tested benefits: To receive the first £326 instalment of the payment, claimants must have been entitled to receive a benefit payment between April 26, 2022 and May 25, 2022. The qualifying dates for the second payment have not been announced yet. DON'T MISS:Thrifty traveller shares tips to enjoy foreign holidays every MONTH [EXPLAINED]Woman's attempt at 'healthy' roast in air fryer leaves her surprised [INSIGHT]Energy bills: How much does it cost to charge phones and laptops? [ANALYSIS]    Those who claim Universal Credit, Income-related Employment Support Allowance, Income-based Jobseeker’s Allowance, Income Support and Pension Credit, would have seen the first instalment of £326 land between July 14 to July 31. The second instalment for these groups, amounting to £324, will be distributed in autumn, but the exact date is yet to be announced. Households on tax credits, however, should expect the first payment of £326 to land in accounts from September 2 to September 7. The second instalment for this group will be distributed from Winter 2022, but again, the exact date is yet to be determined. To be eligible for the disability cost of living payment, claimants must have been receiving any of the following benefits on May 25, 2022: The one-off £150 disability cost of living payment will hit bank accounts from September 20, 2022.  The payment will take place automatically, with the vast majority of those eligible expected to receive their one-off payment within a couple of weeks by the beginning of October. For disabled people on low incomes, this payment comes on top of the cost of living payment of £650. Pensioner households entitled to a Winter Fuel Payment for winter 2022 to 2023 will get an additional one-off £300 on top of the normal payment from November 2022. The full amount of Winter Fuel Payment households receive depends on individual circumstances, from age to who they live with. To see the full details of eligibility and payment terms, visit the Government website, here. 