Chelsea have been told by Graeme Souness that their £56million capture of Marc Cucurella from Brighton made “no sense” and that Blues owner Todd Boehly is making “mistakes”. The former Liverpool player has ripped into the American after Chelsea splashed out nearly £300million during the summer transfer window. “Unless you have a bottomless pit, the money they have spent on Marc Cucurella makes no sense, considering Chelsea already had Marcos Alonso, Ben Chilwell and, at a push, Reece James in the same position,” the 69-year-old wrote in the Daily Mail. “Is Cucurella that much of an upgrade on them? I don't think so. Chelsea only seem to have taken him because Manchester City wanted him.” The Blues broke the Premier League transfer record during a single window by spending a whopping £271.1million to land eight players. And Souness believes that Boehly has gone about things in the wrong way after following a similar strategy to his predecessor Roman Abramovich, who owned the west London giants from 2003 until earlier this year. MUST READ: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move “Abramovich went on to be a hugely successful football club owner but on his first day at Chelsea he surrounded himself with so-called experts who knew nothing about football,” Souness continued. “He wasted a lot of money because of it. “His successor, the American Todd Boehly, seems to be making the same mistakes. In his hurry and enthusiasm to get Chelsea supporters onside, he has just spent the thick end of £300million in the summer transfer market, appearing to do all the business himself. I do hope I'm wrong in that assessment. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move      “Boehly certainly seems convinced he knows what he's doing, even though Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech, who provided the football knowledge for Abramovich, have had enough and are off. He is the latest in a long line of wealthy individuals to come into football thinking the game is easy. “So maybe he'll prove the utter folly of thinking he can understand it. Go and get Alex Ferguson out of retirement, send him to manage LA Dodgers and ask him to put a valuation on baseball stars playing at other clubs, with a view to deciding which ones he might buy. It would be impossible. “It generally takes new owners such as Boehly, who think they know it all, a couple of years to realise they actually don't, by which time they've spent hundreds of millions of pounds on bang-average players because they've been listening to the wrong advisers.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here