She is 96, head of state, and the minions have just disrupted the country with a nasty little power struggle, prompted largely by greed, vanity and complacency. Plus there has been an intention in some parts to circumvent the democratically expressed wishes of her subjects. I would not only make those concerned come to me but would insist they crawled on their bellies for the whole of the journey. I am totally disgusted with the way the Conservative Party has left us so long with a rudderless Government, says Lynn Gates from Basingstoke, Hampshire. I fail to see why the few who are entitled to vote need to be given weeks to do so. I have always voted Conservative, though never joined the party. As soon as it was down to the last two I knew immediately which one I preferred (as second choice to Boris); and nothing has changed my mind. I hope those who have been voting were equally decisive.  Oh dear! What next from Mr and Mrs Harry Windsor, says Maggie Nunn from Bridport, Dorset. Do they not realise what a laughing stock they are making of themselves? Nobody is interested in their self-obsessed rantings. The reports make good comedic reading, so should we perhaps thank them for cheering us up and giving us something hilarious to read in these difficult times?  I totally understand the need for financial help for Pakistan with the awful flooding situation there but our pockets are only so deep, says Susan Dance from Harrogate, North Yorkshire. What I do find irritating is that the UK sends hundreds of millions of pounds to help people via our foreign aid budget, so why is not that being used? Your recent letters about a cashless society miss the point, says Madeline Bates from Southport, Merseyside. The idea is so that the Government has control over everybody. It will have all your bank details and will be able to control your account if it so wishes. It will know everything about you, so that every transaction that goes through your account will be monitored. We can all stop this by drawing out cash every time we need to shop. Just think about it. 