NBC viewers are still waiting on an official announcement for the start of The Blacklist season 10, which is hoped to kick off at some point in the next few months. Having been promised filming for the new instalment will be starting soon, fans of the James Spader-led series were treated to their first sneak-peek in a cryptic new post on Instagram. Costume designer Christine Bean has delighted fans with a new look behind-the-scenes of The Blacklist. In her latest Instagram post, she revealed a table lined with several hats Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader) could be wearing in the next season. It’s unclear if the fedoras are new hats for the series or headwear Red has already worn throughout the first nine seasons. However, she captioned the update “Season 10," so there’s a strong chance the hats are completely new accessories for The Blacklist’s next outing. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling As the cast and crew prepare things behind the scenes, it may not be long before an official production announcement follows Christine’s post. Fans were naturally thrilled to get a glimpse at one of the most eagerly awaited TV events of the 2022-23 season and took to the comments in anticipation. Instagram user and The Blacklist fan @mscourtoliviab replied: “What a collection, can’t wait!!!!” While fellow fan @james_spader_fan_swiss added to the compliments: “Really nice collection!” And @lizxred simply wrote “Omg omg omg omg”, with plenty of fire emojis. The Blacklist fan @xxcensoredxx asked: “What brand of hats do you use for the show? - thank you, an avid hat collector.” And @spader07 speculated: “Ooo if this gets us light-colored suits like season one.” (sic) Red is rarely seen without his signature black trench coat and usually opts for dark shades for his hat and suits. DON'T MISS:Dated and Related viewers 'uncomfortable' over sibling dating show [REACTION]Yellowstone's Angela star Q’orianka Kilcher returns [LATEST]Rings of Power star ‘terrified’ by Stranger’s entrance [EXCLUSIVE] However, season 10 could take his look in a completely different direction if this array of summery fedoras is to be believed. If much of the next outing is set in hotter climates, he could be decked out in some lighter outerwear while he continues the search for his daughter’s killer. For now, though, fans are still waiting for more official details for season 10, including plot synopses, trailers and release dates. Thankfully, the latest updates for The Blacklist’s shooting schedule confirm the series should be getting back underway very soon. Location manager Tom Scutro recently shared with Westchester County Tourism & Film: “It's been a great run. “It's hard to believe this all started in 2013. I've worked on the show since we started, except for the pilot episode. “We're thrilled to be returning for a 10th season, which we'll start filming after Labour Day.” Labour Day falls on September 5 in the USA, so The Blacklist fans may well get their first look at the cast on-location as early as next week. The Blacklist seasons 1-9 are available to watch on NBC in the USA and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.