Amazon Prime Video’s big budget fantasy drama The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will be arriving tomorrow (September 2) on the platform globally. The drama is set thousands of years before the events of J.R.R. Tolkien’s famed novels The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. This story depicts a very different Middle Earth during the Second Age, charting the rise and fall of various kingdoms and the forging of the all-important rings. Galadriel - Morfydd Clark Swedish-born Welsh actress Morfydd Clark takes on the lead as warrior elf Galadriel, who was played by Cate Blanchett in Peter Jackson’s film trilogy, and in the new series seeks to bring peace to Middle Earth after surviving the First Age. Clark has previously featured in BBC mini-series Dracula, His Dark Materials, Patrick Melrose on Sky, and The Personal History of David Copperfield. Queen Regent Míriel - Cynthia Addai-Robinson English-born American actress Cynthia Addai-Robinson portrays Queen Regent Míriel, the ruler of the ancient island kingdom of Númenor. The people of this island are said to be powerful humans with elven heritage. Addai-Robinson most recently appeared in the Starz series Power Ramona Garrity and has also featured in superhero series Arrow, Chicago Med, Texas Rising and USA Network’s Shooter. King Durin III - Peter Mullan Scottish star Peter Mullan will be playing King Durin III, a dwarf who rules over Khazad-dûm and bears the mightiest of the seven Dwarf rings. Mullan has appeared in Netflix’s Ozark and Westworld on HBO as well as roles in Cursed, The Underground Railroad, and Mum. Bronwyn - Nazanin Boniadi British-Iranian actress Nazanin Boniadi is Bronwyn, a woman from the village of Tirharad who falls in love with an elf. Her character doesn’t appear in Tolkien’s original work and was created for the show. Boniadi has appeared in the films Bombshell and Hotel Mumbai as well as starring in TV series Counterpart, How I Met Your Mother, and Homeland. READ MORE: Rings of Power release time: What time is the Prime Video series out? High King Gil-galad - Benjamin Walker American star Benjamin Walker plays the High King Gil-galad, a Ñoldorin Elf and the last High King of the Ñoldor. Walker’s previous screen credits include In the Heart of the Sea, Flags of Our Fathers, and Muhammad Ali’s Greatest Fight as well as having an acclaimed stage career with the star nominated for a prestigious Tony Award for his role in playwright Arthur Miller’s All My Sons. Elrond - Robert Aramayo British star Robert Aramayo gives a fresh take on Elrond, the half-elven Lord of Rivendell, who was portrayed by Hugo Weaving in the film trilogy. Aramayo is no stranger to fantasy with his breakout role in Game of Thrones as a young Ned Stark before going on to star in Mindhunter, Behind Her Eyes, Suicide Tourist and The King’s Man. Arondir - Ismael Cruz Cordova Puerto Rican star Ismael Cruz Cordova will be portraying Arondir, a Silvan Elf who falls in love with Bronwyn and was another character created for the series. The star counts roles in The Undoing opposite Nicole Kidman and Hugh Grant, Settlers, Mary Queen of Scots, and Miss Bala. Eärien - Ema Horvath Slovak star Ema Hovarth will be Eärien, a Númenórean lady of the Second Age who is new to Tolkien’s universe with character not in the source text. Prior to landing the role in The Rings of Power, she featured in Like.Share.Follow, The Gallows 2, The Mortuary Collection, and Viscous. Sadoc Burrows - Lenny Henry British national treasure Sir Lenny Henry plays Sadoc Burrows, a breed of Hobbit known as a Harfoot and his character has been created for the TV show. Sir Lenny is a comedian and actor with a career since the 1970s with his big roles in Chef!, Hope and Glory, the Harry Potter film franchise and Broadchurch. He will next be appearing in the TV mini-series The Witcher: Blood Origin. Prince Durin IV - Owain Arthur Welsh star Owain Arthur is Prince Durin IV, a young dwarf leader and King of Durin's Folk and of Khazad-dûm. Arthur is most recognisable from his roles in London Kills, Hinterland, and A Confession with the star having stage roles in productions of One Man, Two Guvnors and The History Boys. Isildur - Maxim Baldry Fellow English star Maxim Baldry portrays Isildur, an elf who founded and jointly ruled Gondor with actor Harry Sinclair originally playing the part in The Lord of the Rings films. Baldry has appeared in Doctor Who, Torchwood, Queer as Folk and Strike Back on Sky. Elendil - Lloyd Owen British star Lloyd Owen plays a friend of the Elves, Elendil with the part previously played up Peter McKenzie in the big screen trilogy. Owen has featured in Miss Potter, the Bollywood movie Thugs of Hindostan, Wonderwell opposite Carrie Fisher, and Apollo 18. Adar - Joseph Mawle English actor Joseph Mawle takes in Adar with the actor previously playing Benjen Stark in Game of Thrones as well as roles in Ripper Street, MotherFatherSon, Birdsong, and Women in Love. Elanor 'Nori' Brandyfoot - Markella Kavenagh Australian actress Markella Kavenagh assumes the mantle of another Harfoot Hobbit Elanor 'Nori' Brandyfoot with the actress previously starring in Picnic at Hanging Rock, The Cry, and The Gloaming. Princess Disa - Sophia Nomvete British star Sophia Nomvete is Disa, a dwarven princess of the Second Age and was created for the show with the actress appearing in TV series Swashbuckle and The Tempest before she landed the role in The Rings of Power. Halbrand - Charlie Vickers British actor Charlie Vickers is Halbrand, another character written into the show but doesn’t appear in Tolkien’s original work. He meets Galadriel in the midst of a storm in the Sundering Seas. Vickers is something of a newcomer with parts in  Netflix’s Medici: Masters of Florence and Palm Beach. DON'T MISS...How to watch The Rings Of Power for FREE on Prime [GUIDE]How many episodes are in Lord of the Rings The Rings of Power? [EXPLAINER]How much did The Rings of Power cost to make? [INSIGHT] Celebrimbor - Charles Edwards Charles Edwards is Celebrimbor, a ruler of Eregion in the Second Age, and a master smith who created the Three Rings of Power: Nenya, Vilya, and Narya. Edwards may be most recognisable for playing Martin Charteris in The Crown as well as parts in AMC’s The Terror and The Halcyon. Pharazôn - Trystan Gravelle Welsh star Trystan Gravelle rounds off the main cast of episode one as Pharazôn or Ar-Pharazôn the Golden, the last King of Númenor who wanted immortality and in doing so caused the destruction of Númenor and the Change of the World. Gravelle has starred in Baptiste, The Terror, Trying on Apple TV, A Discovery of Witches on Sky, and ITV’s Quiz. Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power will be premiering on Amazon Prime Video on September 2