Poland estimates its World War Two losses caused by Germany at 6.2trillion zlotys (£1.1trillion), the leader of the country's ruling nationalists said on Thursday, and he said Warsaw would officially demand reparations. The new estimate tops the £735billion estimate by a ruling party lawmaker from 2019. The ruling Law and Justice (PiS) has repeated calls for compensation several times since it took power in 2015, but Poland hasn't officially demanded reparations. "The sum that was presented was adopted using the most limited, conservative method, it would be possible to increase it," Jaroslaw Kaczynski, leader of Law and Justice (PiS), told a news conference. The combative stance towards Germany, often used by PiS to mobilise its constituency, has strained relations with Berlin.  It intensified after Russia invaded Ukraine amid criticism of Berlin's dependence on Russian gas and its slowness in helping Kyiv. Some six million Poles, including three million Polish Jews, were killed during the war and Warsaw was razed to the ground following a 1944 uprising in which about 200,000 civilians died. In 1953 Poland's then-communist rulers relinquished all claims to war reparations under pressure from the Soviet Union, which wanted to free East Germany, also a Soviet satellite, from any liabilities. PiS says that agreement is invalid because Poland was unable to negotiate fair compensation. Donald Tusk, leader of Poland's biggest opposition party Civic Platform, said on Thursday that Kaczynski's announcement was "not about reparations". READ MORE: Putin retreating to Donbas as Russian losses take toll: ‘No manpower’  "It's about an internal political campaign to rebuild support for the ruling party," he said. PiS is still leading in most opinion polls but its edge over Civic Platform has narrowed in recent months amid criticism of its handling of surging inflation and an economic slowdown. The German Government is yet to respond to the demand. DON'T MISS:'Run or die' Kyiv issues chilling threat to Russia [INSIGHT]Russian troops surrender in droves as Putin's army crumbles [VIDEO]Insiders tip Truss to pick ECHR critic Tugendhat as her Home Secretary [ANALYSIS] The war was “one of the most terrible tragedies in our history,” President Andrzej Duda said during early morning observances at the Westerplatte peninsula near Gdansk, one of the first places to be attacked in the Nazi invasion. “Not only because it took our freedom, not only because it took our state from us, but also because this war meant millions of victims among Poland’s citizens and irreparable losses to our homeland and our nation,” President Duda said. In Germany, the government’s official for German-Polish cooperation, Dietmar Nietan, said in a statement that September 1 “remains a day of guilt and shame for Germany that reminds us time and again not to forget the crimes carried out by Germany” that are the “darkest chapter in our history” and still affect bilateral relations.