Bravo’s hit yachting franchise Below Deck released its Australian series, Below Deck Down Under, which premiered in March. Throughout the season there was a major feud between Chief Stew Aesha Scott and Chef Ryan McKeown which continued after the finale, and the chef served up a brutal response.    Throughout the season, tension had been brewing between Ryan and Aesha until it eventually boiled over in episode six. While they had been cordial, things took a turn for the worse when there were no boxes of muesli available for the charter guests. A huge argument broke out between Aesha and Ryan, which led the chief stew to ask: “How many yachts have you actually worked on?” “I don't know, how many vacuums have you pushed, how many f*****g frying pans did you flip? You stick to vacuums, I'll stick to cooking,” Ryan hit back. READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode   The yachties are tasked with catering to their affluent guests who often have absurd and demanding requests. As the charter guests usually leave a tip of up to £5,000 per crew member depending on how well they've been treated, it is important for the staff to make a good impression. Therefore the lack of breakfast options could have jeopardised the guests' experience. Speaking on her experience with Ryan, Aesha stated: “He just has small d**k energy, you know.”     However, it was not until after the episode aired that Ryan responded to Aesha’s comment. He hit back during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, where he starred alongside Kyle Viljoen. Andy asked the chef: “Should you apologise for putting off small d**k energy according to Aesha.” To which Ryan responded: “Should Aesha have small t*t energy, is that a thing?” DON'T MISS...Where is Only Fools and Horses Damien Trotter star now? [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht star showered with support after engagement [INSIGHT] Below Deck Sailing Yacht stars drop cryptic clue about show's future [INSIGHT]    The brutal response struck a chord with the studio audience who audibly gasped and proceeded to boo him. Kyle, who starred in Below Deck Mediterranean, was also taken aback by his comment and said: “Whoa,” in shock. During their appearance on the chat show, Kyle also weighed in on the feud and shared his own opinion. He stated: “Aesha is such an excellent stew, I just think it was a mismatch of two people coming together and a lack of communication between them.     “I think Ryan can be such a fantastic chef, I’ve seen some of his work.” Kyle added: “I’m shook, but I really feel like Aesha had the upper hand in this case.” After their spat in the gallery, Aesha reflected on the interaction and told the cameras: “I just handled that so uselessly. “What I had meant to say was, 'Hey, Ryan. These guests are paying thousands of dollars to be here, so could you please put just a little bit of time into their very simple breakfast request?' “But within two sentences, he somehow flipped it and turned it into a completely different conversation.”  Below Deck Down Under is available on Bravo in the US and available on Hayu in the UK   