BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt welcomed poet and broadcaster Pam Ayres to speak about her upcoming show, The Cotswolds & Beyond. However, viewers were unimpressed by the line of questioning, particularly when Charlie asked about a door in the brick wall behind Pam. Pam appeared via video link from her back garden and spoke about how she had visited Stonehenge in the 60s when people were able to walk around and write their names on them. She said: “Now that it’s protected and you’re only allowed to go there if you get special permission. “As we were lucky enough to have, it’s much more profound somehow and very moving.” Picking up on Pam’s brief comment on being able to write on the stones, Naga was curious to see if she had done so herself.   “Pam I have to ask because you brought it up, did you look for your name on the stones that you had graffiti on in the 60s?" she asked. Laughing, the poet hit back: "I didn’t graffiti myself! I’m not a vandal.” As Naga went to continue with the interview, Charlie chipped in to ask about her background. “You know what I’m a fan of Pam?" he asked. “I like a brick wall with a small door in it. Is there a small door in that brick wall behind you?" Pam immediately answered: "No," while Naga pulled an awkward face at her colleague's odd question. When the interview ended, Charlie remarked: "Who doesn't love a small door in a wall? "I mean I know Pam Ayres didn't have one, but it’s a great thing, isn’t it?" Naga looked off camera before quickly moving onto the latest headlines.  BBC Breakfast viewers took to Twitter to complain about the interview with Matt Saze tweeting: “Had the misfortune to watch #bbcbreakfast this morning, talk about excruciating interviews “I’m a fan of small doors, does that brick wall behind you have a door in it?” “No"." “Poor Pam Ayers being subjected to some very odd questions. Also, she has been the same age forever," Pennine Heather commented. John Wallis added: “The standard of questioning today is truly awful. Standard for these two I suppose.” Twitter user Airwavey posted: “#bbcbreakfast This interview with #pamayers is going well......Not!!”  Katy said: “This Pam Ayres interview is very awkward #BBCBreakfast," while Gavin Williams remarked: “Car crash interview #BBCBreakfast” Auld Bryan added: “#bbcbreakfast Charlie's thinking up dumb questions again..” Fortunately, it wasn't all bad as BBC viewers were treated to a reading of one of Pam's poems to start off their day. BBC Breakfast airs weekdays on BBC One from 6am. 