Nigella lives in a £5million home in Chelsea, London with her two children Cosima and Bruna, and the chef lives in a mews, meaning a small street which has houses that have been converted from stables. The TV chef is the sort of person many expect to live in a spectacular home. One that is both stylish and cosy, while also built for having guests round to enjoy her delicious food. One peek inside the famed chef’s £5million London property, and they certainly won’t be disappointed. From looking at Nigella's instagram it is clear to see that her garden is one of the most magical spaces at the home. White patio doors open onto a paved patio with potted plants and flowers. A couple of steps then lead up to a bright pink metal table and chairs with heart shapes on the back. She has positioned string fairy lights on the ceiling and around the frontal trees of a pagoda, with a dining table and red chairs with heart-shaped backs in the middle. Another image shared by Nigella in the daytime revealed more of the patio area, including a wooden bench and various potted plants at either side. It's accessed via white French patio doors. The garden makes for an amazing spot for willing away the hours with good food and conversation. READ MORE: Monty Don shares banana trick to ‘ripen’ green tomatoes The star's Chelsea home is clearly vast, with high ceilings and a conservatory that lets in lots of natural light. Considering that the 62-year-old has written many books, it comes as no surprise that she has a large library within her home. Nigella gave a rare look inside a living area of the home back in 2016. It's furnished with a brown leather armchair and a matching button-back footstool while a bookcase takes up the height of one wall. The space is open-plan alongside a conservatory with vaulted ceilings and a stainless steel metal dining set. For lighting, Nigella has added string fairy lights, three pendant lampshades and one cylindrical wall light. DON'T MISS: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients [EXPERT]The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ and ‘guaranteed’ ways to deter foxes from your garden [TIPS] The chef's real kitchen, not the studio set that she films in, is really well stocked. There are copper pots and pans hanging from the ceiling, and many utensils. The brunette beauty also does not shy away from colour, as her cupboards are painted pink and green. Nigella also has this turquoise AGA, which looks incredible. She has amazing mirrored tiles as a splashback which is such a cool touch. Another image shared by Nigella revealed that there is an island in the middle of the room with an induction hob, as well as a large double-door fridge at one side, and a fuchsia pink sink unit. There's also a small dining table with two Perspex dining chairs. Nigella moved into the Chelsea property in 2013 after splitting from her husband Charles Saatchi. The house is also believed to have a cinema and a wine cellar. READ MORE: GMB’s Susanna Reid’s quiet life in South London with her three sons Known for sophistication and good living, the royal borough of Kensington & Chelsea is one of the most popular areas in all of London. From a host of world-class cultural institutions to high end restaurants, Chelsea is perfect for anyone looking for a world of possibilities right on their doorstep. Chelsea is well known for housing a number of world famous museums, galleries and theatres, and has always been an artistic hub in London. No matter your taste, the area caters for everyone. Despite being in the centre of busy London, Chelsea has plenty of spaces in which you can relax. Take a stroll with the family in the city’s oldest botanical garden – the Chelsea Physic Garden. Founded in 1973, it is now one of the most important centres for botany in the world. In terms of homes, properties in Chelsea had an overall average house price of £2,153,396 over the last year. The majority of sales in Chelsea during the last year were flats, selling for an average price of £1,408,303. Terraced properties sold for an average of £4,277,552, with semi-detached properties fetching £2,603,750. Overall, sold prices in Chelsea over the last year were nine percent down on the previous year and 11 percent down on the 2018 peak of £2,426,130.