Brits are searching for ways to cut down their energy consumption ahead of the Ofghem energy price cap increase on October 1, 2022. One of the easiest ways is to use energy efficient appliances and a microwave can help you save money in the long run. The cost of living crisis has seen a surge in searches for energy efficient appliances. According to a survey from Cornwall Insight, cooking has become a key area that Brits are looking to save energy on and switching to using a microwave is a smart option. A microwave is the cheapest kitchen appliance to use and research from Utilita showed that it only costs 8p per day to run, totalling to £2.50 per month and £30.02 for the whole year. Fortunately for Brits, Amazon has just slashed prices off its bestselling power saving microwave. Available now, the Toshiba 800W Microwave Oven is now on sale for less than £65 and because it’s energy class A, it uses less energy than other microwaves. It’s got five power levels for a variety of needs and allows customers to use the low levels to soften ice cream or the high level to cook food. The 20L size makes it easy to insert standard dinner plates, bowls and other convenient features like defrost by time/weight setting, kitchen timer, large digital display, and interior LED light make it easy to use. The microwave is reduced from £74.99 to £63.74, saving £11.25 off its original price. BUY: Toshiba 800W Microwave Oven (£63.74) Amazon shoppers love it and praise its easy functions and power saving mechanics. Nicole wrote: “It is a more economic consumption as it is energy class A (most microwaves are E). It has a variety of cooking presets, more than other models, which I haven't tried yet.” Mr J Begg agreed: “Main thing is that it saves me on my electricity bills where otherwise I'd be firing up the cooker instead at some cost. That's it really, saves money and cooking time when I need to!” Dimitar Arnaudov also said: “There is a good selection of auto cook, reheat and defrost programs which are easy to operate and cook with and reheat food fast and efficiently.” Amazon shoppers love it and praise its easy functions and power saving mechanics.  Nicole wrote: “It is a more economic consumption as it is energy class A (most microwaves are E).  It has a variety of cooking presets, more than other models, which I haven't tried yet.”  Mr J Begg agreed: “Main thing is that it saves me on my electricity bills where otherwise I'd be firing up the cooker instead at some cost. That's it really, saves money and cooking time when I need to!”  Dimitar Arnaudov also said: “There is a good selection of auto cook, reheat and defrost programs which are easy to operate and cook with and reheat food fast and efficiently.” 