New polling reveals six in 10 want the immediate creation of a Minister for Older People, rising to seven in 10 among OAPs. The strength of feeling across the UK will increase pressure on the next Prime Minister to make the Cabinet post one of their first nominations.   Some 13 million UK retirees are without a voice at the top table of government as a perfect storm of a rapidly ageing population, the mounting cost of living crisis, and pressure on crucial services strikes. Dame Esther Rantzen, 82, President of The Silver Line, a 24-hour helpline providing information and companionship for older people gripped by loneliness, is fully behind our Give Them a Voice campaign. She said: “The UK’s ageing population is at the very centre of the challenges which will face the new government. From the cost of living, pressure on the NHS, access to social care and the housing crisis, many older people find themselves at the sharp end of many of the most urgent matters affecting the nation. “In addition, the digital switchover currently affecting many different areas of life in this country, from banking to telephones, excludes and isolates many older people who do not use the internet and do not possess smartphones.” Today the veteran campaigner joins Anchor, England’s largest not-for-profit provider of housing and care for older people, and national home care provider Home Instead UK in backing our push. Sarah Jones, Chief Executive of Anchor, said: “For too long, there has been a sense among older people that their concerns are ignored. As such, there’s a hugely pressing need for a Minister for Older People to be appointed to champion, celebrate and protect older people.  “Anchor’s research shows the extent of this problem: 57 percent of older people think they are overlooked in society and 77 percent of the country worry about their quality of life as they get older. “An ageing population and rising cost of living mean joined-up thinking across government departments in the areas of housing, health, and social care among many others, has never been more important. Appointing a dedicated Minister is a unique opportunity for the new Prime Minister to send a clear message they are serious about addressing the wide-ranging needs of our ageing population and future-proofing services for generations to come.” Experts remain baffled why no effective representation exists for Britain’s growing elderly population when it has an army of social mobility commissioners. On Thursday, September 1, Liz Truss, the Minister for Women and Equalities and frontrunner to succeed Boris Johnson, made seven new appointments to The Social Mobility Commission, which exists to help create a country where the circumstances of someone’s birth do not determine their outcomes in life. No such framework is available for OAPs, despite the fact by 2030 more than 20 percent of the population will be aged 65 and over. The call for an older people’s tsar comes at a critical time. Official forecasts show the number of people aged 85 and over in Britain was 1.7 million in 2020 (equal to 2.5 percent of the population). This is expected to almost double to 3.1 million by 2045 (4.3 percent of the population). The unsolved social care crisis remains a worry for millions who are petrified of having to flog the family silver to pay for care, denying loved ones an inheritance. The paltry state pension - just £185.15 a week - remains the lowest in Europe and there are few opportunities to retrain for those who want to continue working beyond retirement.  While smartphones allow users instant access to banking, shopping and entertainment, the march of modern tech has left the vast majority of older people behind. And the bleak cost of living crisis will see “unprecedented” numbers perish cold and hungry in their own homes this winter, according to Age UK which also supports our campaign. Another backer, former Pensions Minister Ros Altmann, was set to be made Minister for Ageing by former PM David Cameron in 2015 but the move was blocked by the Department for Work and Pensions. It means seven years later millions of older people have been left to feel so worthless and forgotten some have tried to kill themselves, as Dame Esther revealed in a chilling account of the unbearable isolation OAPs now face. The appointment would be the first cross-government position since Alf Morris, the Labour politician and disability rights campaigner. He successfully introduced the Chronically Sick and Disabled Persons Act - the first in the world to give rights to those with disabilities. In 1974 he became the first Minister for the Disabled and in 1991 introduced a Civil Rights (Disabled Persons) Bill and he led campaigns on Gulf War Syndrome. He died in 2012. Martin Jones, Chief Executive of Home Instead, said: “We need a Minister for Older People who will champion the rights of our ageing population, and help structure health and social care to meet their evolving needs, whilst also celebrating the contribution they make to society. “Every day our home care teams see the benefits of empowering older people. We need to have the right infrastructure in place, but we also need to give them a voice so that, as a society, we help them to live well.” 