In an interview with The Cut, Meghan Markle gave a few hints about what her fans should expect from the upcoming Netflix documentary. The $100million documentary covers the former Meghan Markle’s first year of married life up until her first child’s birth, according to Netflix. But fans speculate the documentary is nothing close to a "historical documentary" but would rather be a "reality show". Speaking on Royally Obsessed, Roberta Fiorito and Rachel Bowie exchanged their views on what they expect from the Netflix documentary. Roberta said: "The other thing that I think is we’re just all kind of, you know waiting to find out where this leads but the future contends plan. "Will we see a reality show? "They definitely hinted at that," Roberta said in reference to the Cut interview.  Rachel started laughing: “And why would you call that a historical documentary? "I don't know. It’s a love story that is not about you that took place like two years ago is not a historical documentary. "I get what they’re saying. It’s not a reality show because a reality show is like: 'And this week on keeping up with the Sussexes' - Like, I get that. "But I also don’t think it’s a historical documentary." READ MORE: Now Lion King composer speaks out on Meghan Markle claim Rachel said: "And I think this is like exactly what I’m saying right now why are they so tight-lipped about everything? They can’t say anything without being misconstrued and taken in so many directions." Roberta said: "Yeah, like we have to see it to understand it." Rachel jumped in, saying: "Because I think – like you said – when I pictured it, I picture like keeping up with the Sussexes and I’m just not sure how I feel about that. "Because especially when Meghan talks about their love story and needing to be told, it feels like it’s about looking back versus looking forward. And I think I’m almost still processing my expectations for them." DON'T MISS:Kate has worn three different tiaras unlike Meghan Markle - here's why [REVEALED] Meghan Markle and Prince Harry eye new 'eye-watering mega deals' [REPORT] Omid Scobie claims Charles's office is 'concerned' ahead of The Crown [REPORT] Meghan Markle gave a few hints in the interview with the fashion publication The Cut. She told the magazine romance is one aspect of their life that the couple have "not been able to share." The Sussexes’ production company, Archewell Productions, signed a reported $100million deal with Netflix in 2020 but the release date has yet to be known? Speculations went that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were planning to create a reality show in the style of Keeping Up With The Kardashians. Several sources have told Page Six that the streaming giant is hoping to release the documentary at the same time as The Crown’s new series, which is expected to be released in November. READ NEXT:Meghan had South Africans in tears with pride on wedding day - VIDEOMeghan Markle and Prince Harry's son Archie 'ready' for big changeMeghan Markle's South African security describes Archie room firePrince Harry accused of using security issues as ‘emotional blackmail’Meghan and Harry’s lavish California mansion boasts throne seats..