Married at First Sight was one of the first series to kick off the TV dating show trend, with programmes like Love is Blind and Too Hot to Handle following in its footsteps. The seventh season of the UK version has kicked off this week and E4 viewers couldn't be more thrilled to see it making a comeback. Already, there have been explosive rows, plenty of flirting and a backward compliment or three. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS UK. Married at First Sight UK season seven premiered on Monday, August 29, on E4. So far, four couples have been put together by the show's experts Charlene Douglas, Mel Schilling and Paul C Brunson. Last night [Wednesday, August 31], viewers saw these matches jet off on their luxurious honeymoons to try and forge a better connection with their new spouses. Unfortunately, there is going to be a little time to wait before the next weddings air. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash MAFS UK will not be returning for its fifth episode tonight, Friday, September 2. In fact, fans need to be patient as it will not be returning until Monday, September 5. This is because MAFS UK is only airing four nights a week, leaving Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays without a new episode in sight. Gogglebox 2020, showcasing the best moments from season 16 of the hit Channel 4 show, will air in its place this Friday night. The good news though is that MAFS UK season seven will be the biggest yet as it will be made up of 30 episodes. With the show airing Monday to Thursday, this means the grand finale is going to be released on Tuesday, October 18. So there's still plenty of time to soak up all the drama that's going to be unfolding in this series. Already, fans have found themselves hooked as the first six couples have met and married. DON'T MISS...'What was she hoping to achieve?' Meghan blasted in US over podcast [REACTION]MAFS UK fans call for Whitney to be booted off after Duka row [RELATIONSHIP]MAFS UK 2022: Who did April Banbury 'cheat' on husband George with? [EXPLAINER] Jordan and Chanita hit it off right from the get-go, laughing and joking on their big day and plenty of flirtation during their honeymoon. Elsewhere, there was a clear connection between April and George but she was stunned when he revealed he was a father-of-four. She also ended up kissing another female guest on their honeymoon which left George teary-eyed. Whitney was less than impressed with her new husband Duka, stating that he had the build of a "shed" rather than a brickhouse. Thomas and Adrian clashed on their wedding day and had a major row on their honeymoon but this appeared resolved by the end of their break. Meanwhile, Lara said there were some "red flags" with her husband Richie as he had never been in love and still lived with his parents. Jess was also taken aback by her other half Pjay as he told her he was a stripper but will she be able to get over what he does for a living? MAFS UK airs Monday to Thursday at 9pm on E4.