Olivia Pratt-Korbel was killed after a gunman chased another man into her family home in the Dovecot area on August 22. Merseyside Police have released CCTV showing the gunman running from the scene following the tragic shooting that killed the nine-year-old. At a press conference this afternoon, Detective Chief Superintendent Mark Kameen said: "I’m going to show you some footage of a man that murdered Olivia. "I’m doing this because people may recognise what he is wearing, it may also help people remember seeing him in the area on the night that Olivia was murdered and thereby help us trace where he is and where he went. "This shows the gunman running along Finch Lane away from Kingsheath Avenue, which is, of course, where Olivia lived. "We then see him turn right into Berryford Road and go out of sight.  "We know this man is climbing through gardens and through people’s backyards in order to avoid being identified as well as using the roads." It was also revealed two guns were used in the shooting as Merseyside Police pleaded with the public to help trace down the gunman. Mr Kameen also released footage of a man who was in the area at the time of the shooting whom they wish to speak to. He said: "I’m interested in speaking to him as he may have information that is important to the inquiry by virtue of the fact he was in the area at the right time." READ MORE: UK driver warning about £5,000 fine for taking pet in car  Mr Kameen thanked the public for the "huge amount of information" they had provided to police. He said Olivia’s mother Cheryl was still being treated for her injury and was "incredibly thankful" for the care and compassion from the community. Mr Kameen said Merseyside Police have made "significant progress" and that it was believed the gunman had brought two weapons with him when he "callously ran away from Olivia’s house". He warned those who are "shielding" the culprit that they "will do everything legitimately possible to bring you to justice", adding: "It is beyond comprehension how anyone can protect a person who is responsible for killing a nine-year-old little girl." DON'T MISS:Poland demands Germany pay £1.1TRILLION in reparations over WW2 [INSIGHT]EU 'greed' under microscope as UK sends bloc £10BILLION in one year [COMMENT]Brexit LIVE: EU pulls plug on border plane to monitor Channel [LIVE]  Mr Kameen said the CCTV was being released in the hope it might jog people’s memories about seeing the gunman in the area at the time of the incident on August 22. "This footage shows the gunman running along Finch Lane away from Kingsheath Avenue. You then see him turn right into Berryford Road and go out of sight. We know he is climbing into and through people’s gardens to avoid being seen," he added. "As you can see, the gunman was wearing a black padded jacket and a black balaclava with a peak and black gloves, and he is described as approximately 5ft 7in tall with a slim build. "This is the man we are hunting for – we need to know where he went that night or did you see him in the area?" 