It is that time of year again - after a long, relaxing summer it's back-to-school shopping time. To ease the tiring, expensive process of shopping with your little ones, you can now just head to Express Discounts and buy online for less. Whether it is your eldest child going into sixth form or your youngest starting out in primary school, you're sure to find the best selection of uniforms, accessories and lunchbox deals. If like many of us you are on a tighter budget this year, discount codes should help you. If you're after high-quality, cost-efficient school uniforms then George is a great choice. If looking to pre-prepare the kid’s pack lunches explore a selection of healthy snacks or tasty treats, then Ocado would be perfect. You could also get ready for the colder months with Regatta’s fabulous deals on kid’s jackets, water bottles and backpacks.   Ocado is one of the best grocery delivery services across the UK and is loved by parents up and down the country. With dedicated category selections, from vegan to gluten-free and a snack page to pack lunch section, you can pre-prepare your kid’s lunches weeks in advance to save the panic of the last-minute dash to a supermarket Being an Ocado shopper lets you choose a selection of booking slots seven days a week to help fit in your grocery delivery around your busy schedule. Slots are extremely flexible, ranging from 5:30am to 11:30pm. Get Ocado discount codes here. If you are looking for school uniform items at a discounted rate then be sure to check out Asda’s George range for a selection of reasonably priced pieces. They have all sorts such as polo shirts, sweatshirts, school leggings and cardigans. They've even got school shoes for only £12! George also has a selection of school dresses such as gingham print designs and plain pinafore. Regarding accessories, George offers both colourfully designed backpacks to simple red/black canvas book bags.   You can eplore a wide selection of discounted school clothing with George. For both boys and girls, the Asda affiliate is offering a selection of clothing items and accessories for great prices.  Get George at Asda discount codes here.   Regatta is a renowned adventure wear store that helps people prepare for the harsher, colder spells of weather. So, why not prepare for those colder, rainy periods by exploring Regatta’s selection of waterproof jackets for amazing prices? They have a great range for kids, from clothing with a Peppa Pig theme to colourful camo. Save this next back to school season by using a selection of codes on offer at Express Discounts. Save on well-known brands and redeem some great deals when shopping at Ocado, George and Regatta this year!   