Bradley Walsh was back on Friday with a new episode of ITV's The Chase. As the host welcomed players Oli, Victoria, Tam and Kathleen to the show, he announced they would be going head to head with Darragh "The Menace" Ennis. Darragh was on top form as usual, but the quizzer left Bradley lost for words after he made a slip-up during one round. Oli was the first player to take on Darragh, and he got off to a great start answering four questions correctly. Darragh gave him the option to win the £4,000 he'd bagged so far, a low offer of £100 and a high offer of £21,000. Despite being tempted by the high offer, Oli decided to play it safe and go with the middle offer. The contestant seemed to be a great match for the Chaser as he sailed through to the final. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling Things didn't go so well for Victoria, who also answered four questions correctly in the cash-builder round. Although, her efforts weren't enough, and she was soon sent home by Bradley. Poor Tam was up next, and he decided to take a huge risk when faced with Darragh. The player got four questions right in the cash-builder, but as he admitted he was only there once, he wanted to try and win his team £44,000. It was a nail-biting round as the pair went head to head. However, things grew even tenser when Tam got a question wrong. "Right before the break, I asked Tam, the term caricature comes from the Italian word for what?" Bradley explained. Tam answered the word "art", however, the host explained the correct answer was "exaggerate". Both Tam and Bradley thought Darragh would have known the answer, although, they were shocked when he too got it wrong. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [SPOILERS]Bargain Hunt star details huge profit Prince Charles' toast made [INSIGHT]Sir Tom Jones opens up on difficulty walking as he awaits operation  [NEWS] "If the Chaser is right, Tam is out," Bradley continued. "The Chaser has put..." Darragh thought the correct answer was "face", however, Bradley couldn't hide his shock as he stood in silence. Eventually, the ITV presenter excitedly said: "We're still in the game, Tam." "I didn't know it," Darragh said regarding his error which could have stopped Tam from being one step closer to £44,000 if he had got the answer right.  However, it didn't take long for Tam to be caught out as he was sent home. Kathleen was also no match for Darragh as she was sent packing, leaving Oli on his own as he battled it out against the Chaser in the final round. The player got 12 questions right, but it wasn't enough to beat the Chaser. Darragh managed to sail through his questions with 50 seconds to spare, meaning Oli left the show with nothing. The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.