HMRC figures show that inheritance tax receipts increased by £300million in the three months leading up to July, compared to the same three months in 2021. However, it pays to plan ahead when it comes to important financial matters. There are 10 things people can do now to ensure their children and grandchildren aren’t left with a huge inheritance tax bill. The standard Inheritance Tax rate is 40 percent and is paid by the person who inherits money or property when a person dies. The standard threshold at which people have to pay inheritance tax has remained the same at £325,000 for a number of years despite the average property price now exceeding this. While inheritance tax is perhaps Britain’s most hated tax, there are plenty of things people can do to ensure their loved ones pay less. Making the most of all the tax breaks available to them could save their children and grandchildren thousands of pounds. READ MORE: Universal Credit: 30 things you could get for free in September  Graham Southorn recently spoke to Express.co.uk about how setting up a trust can help people save money on inheritance tax. Link: Could trusts help you save money on your HMRC inheritance tax bill? He said: “If you think you are going to have an inheritance tax problem you can look at trusts in one of two ways. “For example if you have a rental property, it may be possible to put that into a trust and keep it out of your estate after seven years. “Now there’s a lot of caveats to that and you would need to sit down with an advisor to talk about it to see if it fits your circumstances." DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] Mr Southorn continued: “Another type of trust might be that you could put a certain amount of money in and again it will be outside of your estate after seven years - but there are conditions and you wouldn’t be able to access it. “If you have a lot of cash that you still want access to, it's best to talk to a financial advisor because they have certain products they can provide where you put the money in and you might be able to access a certain amount. “So with cash and savings it’s best to talk to a financial advisor and with property talk to a will writer or estate planner or solicitor.” READ MORE: ‘Learned from my gran’ Caterer’s money saving tip could save £1,000 Another way to save money is to give as much away as possible by taking full advantage of the gifting allowances in every tax year. Britons can give up to £3,000 to family and friends every tax year tax free and carry allowances over from previous years. If someone is getting married they can give them a further £5,000 tax free without incurring any penalties. In addition, people should make sure they have a well written will so that it isn’t contested after they pass away.   10 ways to pay less Inheritance tax to HMRC: