Jared Kushner said on Friday during an interview with British broadcaster Kay Burley that the former US president is considering a run for the White House in 2024. "I know that he's obviously thinking about it, he hates seeing what's happening in the country," the former Donald Trump aide said. Sky News's Kay Burley asked Mr Kushner: "Okay, talk to me about 2024 Would you like to? When might he decide whether he's going to run or not? "You know, nobody can speak for him," replied the former president's son-in-law. Ms Burley continued to press him: "Have you spoken to him about it? "He's asked me about it," offered Mr Kushner who refused to say more. He continued: "He's obviously thinking about it. He hates seeing what's happening in the country. He had the economy running so well. He filled the hole economically that was caused by Covid. "He got us out of it with the vaccine." Ms Burley asked: "But when will he decide, when will he have to decide we're heading towards the midterm aren't we so he is going to have to decide soon?" "When he's ready," replied Mr Kushner  "He's not really a challenge," probed the Sky News presenter. Mr Kushner replied: "Like I said, with Trump, it's hard to rule anything out, he's a very flexible thinker." "He's definitely going to run," Ms Burley surmised. "Like I said, with him, you never know. He keeps it interesting all the time," replied Mr Kushner. DON'T MISS: Russia humiliated as Ukraine reclaims Putin's 'prize' region [REPORT] Rug pulled from under Putin as soldiers blown up by OWN mines [REVEAL]Putin reeling as Britain eyes deal for FIVE more warships [REPORT] It comes as US President Joe Biden charged Republican allies of Donald Trump with undermining the country's democracy and urged voters on Thursday to reject extremism ahead of November's midterm elections. Biden accused lawmakers and others devoted to the Make America Great Again (MAGA) agenda led by former U.S. President Trump as willing to overturn democratic elections, ignore the Constitution, and "determined to take this country backwards" to a time without rights to abortion, privacy, contraception or same-sex marriage. "Donald Trump and MAGA Republicans represent an extremism that threatens the very foundations of our republic," Biden said. "As I stand here tonight, equality and democracy are under assault. We do ourselves no favor to pretend otherwise." The prime-time speech in Philadelphia, the birthplace of American democracy, marked a sharp turn for Biden as midterm congressional elections approach. READ NEXT: Ukrainian 'traitor' who joined Putin regime killed with shotgun in KheDenmark launches fury at EU over energy plan red tape helping Russia‘If you want to survive - flee!’ Zelensky issues warning to MoscowRussian troops surrender in droves as Putin's army crumbles Scholz blows top at EU and demands urgent reform