Ofgem will be raising the energy bill price cap to a staggering £3,549 from October 1, which will see households on variable rates paying roughly 80 percent more for energy than they did last year. While the cap is forecast to rise again in January to top £4,000, many Britons have been left wondering where they’ll find the extra cash or how they’ll be able to pay off any existing debts. However, many energy providers are offering help to those in need, and Scottish Power is helping its customers through its Hardship Fund. The Fund, administered by Sigma Connected Support, is open to Scottish Power customers who have difficulties paying their bills due to having a lower income. It’s there to help customers get their energy bill payments under control by reducing or cancelling existing energy debts. If customers are successful in their application, Scottish Power will use the Fund to clear energy arrears or reduce them with credits to their account.  READ MORE: EU in energy nightmare as exact date of Putin's next gas cut-off found  People could qualify for help from the Hardship Fund if they have built up debt with Scottish Power exceeding £100 and are receiving: People could also qualify if they have a low household income, or if there are special circumstances which could make them eligible, such as an income reduction due to illness. There are additional terms customers have to meet to be eligible and to find out, Scottish Power says contacting a recognised debt advice agency, such as StepChange, is a must.  The agency will provide free, independent advice on money and debt as well as further details of the Scottish Power Hardship Fund, and when appropriate, will advise customers to apply to Sigma Connected Support. Visit the StepChange Debt Charity website or call them on 0808 138 1111. Lines are open from Monday to Friday 8am to 8pm, and Saturday 8am to 4pm. Once referred, customers will need to fill out an online application form through Sigma Connected Support. The form asks a series of questions about the customer’s financial situation. They will need evidence of financial hardship – for example, recent letters from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP). From here, Scottish Power said: "If Sigma Connected Support decides you should receive a partial or full award towards the value of your arrears, your Scottish Power energy account will be credited with the award." DON'T MISS: UK energy bills vs Europe: Why Europeans pay LESS than Britons [ANALYSIS]Food bank users are ‘asking for meals they don't have to cook' [INSIGHT]How to make your freezer more ‘energy efficient’ [EXPLAINED]     But only after there is a “clear commitment” from all parties to maintain a good payment relationship. Sigma Connected said: “This will generally be evidenced by agreeing a payment scheme for ongoing consumption.” Britons can take many eco-conscious steps to reduce energy consumption and, in turn, make savings. Pranjal Arya, chief commercial officer at Hometree said: “Arranging an energy audit will automatically help you save money, as it’ll make you aware of your items' condition and whether they are running at the most efficient level. “An energy audit will identify areas where there’s excess energy waste and help you adjust your usage to minimise it.” However, Mr Arya noted it’s also “important to try and be as energy efficient around the house as possible during these financially difficult times” to cut costs further. Taking a four-minute shower is a great way to reduce your costs, according to Mr Arya. He said: “Even if you're not on a water meter, you'll still save on your gas bill because an average of 25 percent of a household's energy bills are spent heating water.” According to the Energy Saving Trust: “Cutting just a minute off our shower time could save £15 in energy bills, and a further £15 in water bills if water is metered, per person, per year – or £120 saved a year for an average four-person household.” People can purchase a four-minute shower timer for just £2.49.  Ceramics or glass retain heat exceptionally well, which means people can set the heat lower on the oven as a result of its increased efficiency.  Mr Arya said: “Cooking in a ceramic or glass dish will keep your food much hotter, helping you avoid having to reheat any food - causing you to waste more energy.” Slow cookers cook a lot slower than an oven, therefore using much less energy. Mr Arya said: “Instead of cooking your bolognese or stew in the oven, opt for using a slow cooker instead. It’s also a great option for leaving your food to cook slowly throughout the day while you work or are busy with other things.” Every time the oven door is opened it loses heat, meaning it will need to use more energy to get back to the right temperature. Mr Arya said: “Try to minimise the number of times you open your oven door. You can try to time your food as accurately as possible so that you only open the door to take it out when it is ready.”  Mr Arya suggests taking any food they need out of the freezer the night before to defrost. He said: “If you defrost your food in advance, you will avoid needing to use the microwave to thaw it out, or having to cook it in the oven for a longer period of time.” However, it’s recommended to always defrost food in a fridge to prevent it from passing through the “temperature danger zone”. Mr Arya said: “These small adjustments to your everyday activities in the home can make a significant difference to your overall costs.” 