Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power has just launched on Amazon Prime Video and Galadriel is following in her brother's footsteps. The elven warrior is fighting to save humanity from evil looming across Middle-earth. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Morfydd Clark and where she is from. Morfydd Clark has come into the spotlight after being cast as one of the leads in The Rings of Power. She is also known for her film roles in Saint Maud and The Personal History of David Copperfield. As for her TV roles, she starred in the series Dracula and His Dark Materials. The 33-year-old actress was born in Sweden and moved to Penarth in Wales with her family when she was two years old. She is of British and Welsh nationality, calling her father Northern Irish Glaswegian and her mother North Welsh. READ MORE: 'No hope for Meghan and Harry' Dan Wootton slams Duchess interview The star is fluent in both Welsh and English, having attended a Welsh-language school when she was seven. She said her fluency in Welsh made it easier to learn Galadriel's Elvish lines in the Rings of Power series. The actress found herself drawn to the younger, less regal version of Galadriel. She opened up to Wales Online about how having other Welsh speakers on set made her feel more at home. “I’m very lucky there are two people in the cast and a costume designer who speak Welsh. But I am missing speaking Welsh,” she said. “Being bilingual also helps in terms of learning lines and going to Welsh language school you do so much singing and reciting. “As well as my dad singing Irish folk songs to us. It sets me up well for Shakespeare and stuff.” The setting also reminded her of home, comparing the stunning landscapes of New Zealand to those in her homeland. She described the filming location as "Wales on steroids". DON'T MISS... Duchess of Cornwall hits back at ‘royal racist’ claims [DISCUSSION] Lord of the Rings prequel boss teases Stranger's Gandalf twist [INTERVIEW] How much did the Lord of the Rings prequel cost to make? [INSIGHT] The star previously said she was lucky to be sent to a Welsh language school as it helped her on her journey to become an actress. The arts were shown a lot of respect at her old school and she could not put her mind to anything else. Morfydd's parents and sister still live in Wales and it still holds a huge place in her heart. She left school when she was 16 years old, joining youth theatres before studying A levels at Kings Monkton school in Cardiff. The actress won a place to study a three-year course at the Drama Centre London but left in her final term. Instead, she went on to star in the Saunders Lewis play Blodeuwedd with Theatr Genedlaethol Cymru. Her latest venture, the Lord of the Rings prequel, has gone down a huge hit with critics. The show has already been renewed for a second season, which will start filming in October 2022. Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power airs weekly on Prime Video.