Mrs Hinch is a cleaning influencer with more than four million followers on Instagram. The star rocketed to fame thanks to her top cleaning tips and advice. Mrs Hinch is so popular that cleaning enthusiasts have created Facebook pages in her honour. On one page, with more than 100,000 members, one Mrs Hinch fan wanted to know how to get rid of yellow deodorant stains on white shirts. Anita Arscott Brookes wrote: “Yellow deodorant stains on white shirts. Help please!!” The post was inundated with comments and many other Mrs Hinch fans had a plethora of tips and tricks to offer. READ MORE: Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items One of the most popular remedies was a cheap and easy concoction using products usually already found in household cupboards. Zella Clements said: “Bicarb and white vinegar.” Lynne Siddons agreed. She said: “White vinegar and bicarb. Let it fizz then bicarb in with the wash powder.” Kizzy Starbuck wrote: “Spray with white vinegar.” Sue Holroyd commented: “Spray white vinegar on, let it soak in then wash as normal.” Graham Sarah Joy added: “Spray with white vinegar then wash.” Patricia Dawson recommended another useful household product. She said: “I just used a dishwasher tablet on mine and it worked a treat.” Trace Johnson’s tip was different. She wrote: “Toothpaste, the white one not the blue gel.” Leanne Malsen advised using Fairy liquid, saying: “Fairy washing up liquid works. Put it on the stains before putting in the washing machine.” Fiona Moore advised: “Soaked in Napisan for a few hours which lifts the stains then wash as normal.” Angie Riley agreed. She said: “Napisan, soak for a few hours, then a scoop in the washing machine too.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended using Dr Bekmann’s stain remover. Donna Ashworth wrote: “Dr Beckmann’s stain remover, and they do glow white sachets. Just use them myself and worked a treat.” Morag Small’s advice was unique. She said: “Dissolve aspirins in water. Leave to steep.” Trudie Groves wrote: “Purple hair shampoo. Weird but it works.” Beth Haynes added: “Elbow grease.”