The diamond-shaped hotel, located on City Road, pays tribute to the op art of Tate Modern luminary Bridget Riley. Montcalm East's geometric façade was crafted by architects Squire & Partners and is an outward glimpse of the creativity within. The hotel, part of Marriott’s upscale Autograph Collection, advertises itself as "part hotel, part creative hub" and invites guests to "eat, drink, play, explore and unwind". Whether you're visiting the city on business or are hoping to explore some of the capital's most famous central landmarks, Montcalm East offers refuge to chill out at the end of a busy day - the basement Bokeh Spa is perhaps one of its most alluring features. Art is the soul of the hotel, which is filled with optical illusions, contemporary artwork and mood lighting inspired by the surrounding artist studios of Shoreditch. The lobby practically doubles up as a gallery thanks to shelves adorned with unique vases, sculptures and an array of photography books. An illuminated walkway is one of the most eye-catching features of the buzzing open-plan lobby, practically begging patrons to stop for a quick Instagram photoshoot. Check-in is a smooth process, with friendly staff on hand to talk guests through every amenity on offer - from an onsite photo lab to the swimming pool downstairs. Then it's time to hop in the lift and head to your room. Guest security is paramount at the hotel, which means anyone who wants to access one of the upper floors must have a room key to activate the lift. READ MORE: Hand luggage 'viral' hack to 'beat the 100ml' liquid rule The hotel has 288 rooms across eight categories spread between levels three and 17. Room sizes range from 25 to 50sqm, with the popular Sky High rooms and suites located on the top two floors boasting impressive vistas of the surrounding urban landscape. We checked into a 'Feeling Superior' room, measuring in at 27 sq and decorated with modern, monochrome fixtures and fittings. At the heart of the room is the bed, a sumptuous double with pillows you sink straight into. Directly opposite is a flatscreen television, perfect for curling up in front of a film. Or if you'd rather get some work done, the room also has a spacious desk. By day, sunlight spills into the room through the vast, geometric windows - though this can easily be blocked out by closing the automatic curtains, using the control panel at the side of the bed. By night, the same control panel offers guests the opportunity to select mood lighting, switch on a nightlight, desk light or the main lighting. Though a locally sourced minibar is available at extra cost, guests can enjoy free tea and coffee pods, as well as refillable still and sparkling water from the water fountains on each corridor. If you're looking to freshen up before a night on the town or rinse off before bed, the bathroom hosts a generous waterfall shower complete with Co Bigelow Apothecaries body wash, shampoo and conditioner. And if you unpack only to realise you've forgotten some of your essential toiletries, Montcalm has you covered, with everything from complimentary cotton pads to bamboo toothbrushes on the countertop. Don your dressing gown and slippers, and head down to what is perhaps the hotel's finest asset - the beautiful Bokeh spa. This zen area is centred around the mood-lit 12-metre indoor pool and jacuzzi (a feature too many London hotels are missing). The surrounding pool area has plenty of comfy spots to relax, as well as a steam room, cold room and sauna. If you're seeking a little more "me time", dedicated therapists are on hand to work their magic with rejuvenating rubs and scrubs, indulgent massages, body rituals, expert waxing and pampering beauty treatments. The 'Temple Spa My Kinda Skin Facial', adjusted to your skin's exact needs, is not to be missed and will leave you glowing. For those feeling energetic, Bokeh Spa is also home to a fully equipped 24-hour gym. Mood & Mead is the hotel's all-day dining hotspot, which attracts businesspeople for a working brunch by day and couples seeking romantic cocktails by night. The mezzanine bar and restaurant blend seamlessly into the open plan lobby, with lush velvet upholstery, copper fittings and Danish-style design features. The menu promises "no nonsense" "best of British" food, as well as a standout cocktail menu and wine list, including some ultra-trendy orange wines. One of the best things about the all-day menu is its diversity, with something for everyone on offer. As two vegetarians, we were pleasantly surprised to see a wide range of options spanning the small plates, main dishes and sides. Although the cocktails were certainly tempting, we opted for a bottle of the Lafage Taronja de Gris Orange Wine - a fruity favourite which we had first tried on a sunny day by the coast, and now will forever remind me of a summer's day. If you're on a plant-based diet, the creamy coconut daal with poached egg, crispy shallots and flatbread is not to be missed. We also inhaled a dish of perfectly salted Padron peppers. The main menu also offers a selection of sourdough pizzas, as well as a delicious black bean burger encased in a beetroot bun, doused in sriracha sauce and finished off with a side of slaw and fries. And if your sweet tooth is still eager to be content, the rosemary cake with pistachio ice cream is not to be missed. DON'T MISSCannes weekend: A 48 hour stay in this French Riviera jewel [INSIGHT]Flight attendant’s ‘hotel security checks’ to avoid theft [COMMENT]Bisha Hotel Toronto: A rockstar stay in downtown Toronto [REVIEW] Experiential stays are one of the things that set Montcalm East apart from other hotels, with a number of activities for guests to immerse themselves in. Although we did not get to experience the "photo lab", it's another of the hotel's amenities which pays homage to its artistic surroundings. Here, guests can sip on cocktails in a curtained-off, luxe red velvet area, and print off some of their favourite snaps. Guests who book "The Full Photo Lab Experience", will also have access to the spa facilities, including the pool. Montcalm also offers a package for those who want to work from the hotel. For £30 per person, a day pass includes the option to work from the hotel in the lounge or bar spaces, gym access, breakfast and a one-course Lunch at Moor & Mead, as well as unlimited tea, coffee and water throughout the day. Montcalm East room rates start at £199 (bed and breakfast).