 Ferne Mccann, 32, has spoken out about her “positive” friend Vicky Pattinson, 34, who has been “rooting” for her following her engagement news.mThe Only Way Is Essex star recently surprised fans as she revealed her engagement to boyfriend Lorri Haines.     The couple had only been dating for a few months when Lorri got down on one knee. Reflecting on how the unexpected news was received by her close circle, Ferne told Express.co.uk there was “nothing but positivity.” She added: “All people ever want for their loved ones and friends is for them to be happy.” Asked about Vicky’s reaction to her happy news, Ferne gushed over her “positive” friend supporting her.  READ MORE: Edith Bowman left 'speechless' after being 'edged out' of Radio 1 1662618 She said: “Vicky’s one of the most positive people I know. “She roots for all her friends and she’s just happy I’m happy. “Since first meeting Vik, both our lives have changed so much and it's nice we’re both in places that we’re happy.” Vicky revealed at the beginning of the year that she was engaged to her boyfriend Ercan Ramadan.     Ercan popped the question during a sunset proposal in Dubai, in a moment she shared on social media. The reality star uploaded a series of pictures of the romantic moment to give her followers an insight. She captioned the post: “I choose you and I'll choose you over and over without pause, without a doubt, in a heartbeat… “It'll always be you. To our forever @ercan_ram…” DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop's Will Kirk addresses 'hard' shift in family life [ANALYSIS]Gogglebox's Jenny Newby pays tribute to co-star Lee Riley amid surgery [UPDATE]  In turn, Ferne confirmed her engagement on Instagram with a post shared in view of her 2.9 million followers back in July. Ferne posted a picture of herself passionately kissing her fiancé while putting her ring on full display. She later told Express.co.uk more details about the special moment she said “yes” to Lorri during a trip to France. Ferne said: “Well I can’t say too much on that because you’ll have to watch my show. But no, I didn’t expect it.     “I’m still on cloud 9 from it all and feeling immensely grateful.” Ferne also revealed that her four-year-old daughter does not fully understand that her mum will soon walk down the aisle. However, she was confident Sunday will get "excited" closer to the time - but no date has been set just yet.  To stay up to date on Ferne’s upcoming campaigns as Brand Ambassador and Fridays’ latest offers, visit https://www.tgifridays.co.uk/ambassador/ferne-at-fridays/ and follow @tgifridaysuk.  