Yesterday, trustees from a number of pension schemes lost their fight at the High Court regarding inflation calculations for millions of their members. Gold-plated pension schemes will be impacted, in a blow for those hoping to secure a solid income for retirement. Traditionally, millions of workers have retirement pots which increase each year in line with the Retail Prices Index (RPI) measure of inflation. However, the Government has already scheduled ditching this measure by 2030, which formed the centre of the legal battle. Instead, salary-linked pensions will be increased by a less generous measure of inflation - CPIH, in defeat for those hopeful RPI could be maintained. The High Court dismissed the judicial review of the decision by the UKSA and Chancellor to align the RPI with the housing cost-based version of the Consumer Prices Index from 2030. READ MORE: Premium Bonds: NS&I announces September 2022 winners - have you won? The judgment also means the Chancellor is not required to pay compensation to scheme members as a result of the indexation change. The action was originally brought by the Trustees of the BT Pension Scheme, Ford Pension Schemes, and Marks and Spencer Pension Scheme. These trustees have argued the new inflation measure will significantly reduce the value of RPI-linked assets, and weaken schemes’ funding positions. Responding to yesterday’s judgment, a spokesperson for the Schemes said: “We are disappointed that the UKSA has been allowed to align the RPI with CPIH from 2030 without proper consultation and consideration of the impact such a decision will have on schemes holding RPI index-linked bonds and the retirement incomes of their members. DON'T MISSNew state pension underpayments found - could you get money back? [LATEST]State pensioners could see ‘purchasing power’ weakened with inflation [INSIGHT]EDF offers help with energy bill debt & vital benefits - how to apply [UPDATE] “Many investors, including pension funds, bought index-linked gilts in good faith and now face losses of £90 to £100billion. “This decision will leave millions of pensioners in defined benefit schemes with RPI linked benefits poorer through no fault of their own and facing substantial decreases in their year-on-year income. “Women will be particularly impacted since they live longer and retire earlier.” The Schemes are now considering the judgment which was made yesterday. READ MORE: Britons with prepay meters could be hit with £700 a month energy bills This includes whether or not they will seek permission to appeal on the matter. The Schemes also explained the potential implications for pensioners as a result of the indexation change being upheld. For example, a 65-year-old man, the yearly average defined benefit pension income under RPI up-rating would be around £6,300 per annum by the time he was aged 86. However, they argue under CPIH up-rating, this would drop by 12 percent to £5,500 per annum. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Jos Vermeulen, head of solution design at Insight Investment argued the decision would “reduce pension transfer values and lifetime incomes by 10 percent to 15 percent or more”. He added: “With inflation surging, many pensioners are already struggling. “RPI reform represents an additional and entirely unnecessary blow.”