Brand and reputation management expert Eric Schiffer believes the Sussexes and the Cambridges are competing to grab the attention of younger generations, in particular in the US. Kate and William are heading to Boston later this year to attend the second award ceremony of the Earthshot Prize. Asked if the Cambridges will be in competition for the spotlight with Meghan and Prince Harry, who made the US their home in March 2020, the California-based expert told Express.co.uk: "There already is [competition]. "There is a war for the hearts and minds of young people. "There is a war for attention and legitimacy. "William and Kate have it hardwired because of the lineage of what's going and what's to come. "However, what Meghan and Harry have wisely done is to intercede unconsciously in the minds of young people as their source of most relevant royal authority." Mr Schiffer, who spoke before Meghan's interview with The Cut magazine was released, went on to say the Duke of Cambridge would be "foolish" not to attempt to rival for the attention of young adults and Millennials. He added: "Kate and William are wise to not cede the base of the future of America to Harry and Meghan." The Duke and Duchess can grab the spotlight by "leveraging social, leveraging the right icons of Gen Z and Millennials", Mr Schiffer continued. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry plan on 'competing with Cambridge's' Moreover, they need to "show, don't tell" when it comes to supporting causes close to young Americans and demonstrate they are "not in any way out of touch royal elites". Kate and William will be making their way to Boston in December, 14 months after they celebrated the 15 finalists and five winners of the first year of the Prize during a ceremony held at Alexandra Palace in London. The Duke, however, is also heading alone to the US next month. On September 21, he will join former New York City mayor and philanthropist Michael Bloomberg at an event co-hosted by The Earthshot Prize and Bloomberg Philanthropies - The Earthshot Prize Innovation Summit. While Stateside, the second-in-line to the throne is expected to attend other events linked to climate change and the protection of the environment. The Summit is taking place during New York City's Climate Week and the 77th Session of the UN General Assembly. Earlier in the month, Meghan and Prince Harry will instead travel to the UK to attend events hosted by charities close to their hearts. On September 5, they will be in Manchester for the One Young World Summit, with which the Duchess has been associated since 2014. On September 8, Meghan and Harry will attend the WellChild Awards celebrating extraordinary children and young people suffering from life-limiting or severe illnesses. On September 6 they will interrupt their stay in the UK to travel to Germany for an event launching the one-year countdown to the next Invictus Games, taking place in September 2023 in Dusseldorf. It is not expected Meghan and Harry will meet Kate and William during this trip or the Duke's stay in New York. However, both couples may stay in Windsor next week. While Meghan and Harry's base in the UK remains Frogmore Cottage, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have chosen to move to the Windsor Estate this summer. As confirmed earlier this month by Kensington Palace, their three children will attend Lambrook School from September and the family will be based at Adelaide Cottage, a four-bedroom home. Kensington Palace will remain their working office in London, while Anmer Hall will be used, as it has been since 2017, as their countryside residence.