The two were snapped together as he supported his daughter Zara Tindall, 41, at a horsing event. The Queen’s granddaughter, Zara, was cheered by her father, 74, along with the woman he is thought to be “inseparable” from - Belgian equestrian Florence Standaert, rumoured to be almost the same age as Zara. Zara was taking part in the Land Rover Burghley Horse trials in Lincolnshire when her father’s possible new partner was spotted. A source at the event told the Daily Mail: “She’s his new girlfriend”. Ms Standaert and Mr Phillips were reportedly inseparable during the event, which has returned after a two-year hiatus due to the Covid-19 pandemic. It is taking place from Thursday to Sunday. Ms Standaert’s late long-term boyfriend Thomas Ryckewaert ran the Waregem horse trials in Belgium until he died at 63 in 2019. A year later, Mr Phillips designed a cross-country course at Waregem. This was run by Ms Standaert at the time. Mr Phillips divorced Princess Anne, 72, in 1992, after they had been married for 19 years. They had got married on November 14, 1973, in Westminster Abbey. READ MORE: 33 years ago Princess Anne and Captain Phillips separated [REVEAL] An estimated 500million people tuned in to witness the event. Ms Tindall seemed very proud of her performance at the horse trials. She said: “I am so pleased with that. He has always had the potential, but his brain takes over a bit, and it did a little bit in a couple of the movements, but he came back and he was much calmer than he has ever been in there.” Ms Tindall is the youngest child of Princess Anne and Captain Mark Phillips, and went on to marry former England rugby international Mike Tindall. DON'T MISS: Hello neighbour! Kate greets photographers on first day at new home [REVEAL]Harry 'struggling' as Meghan takes on bulk of Sussex brand work [INSIGHT] Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts [ANALYSIS] Princess Anne married Commander Tim Laurence in the same year that she divorced Mr Phillips. The Olympic gold medal winner would then marry American dressage rider Sandy Pflueger, 67, in 1997, However, they separated in 2012. There was then speculation that he would get engaged to American showjumper Lauren Hough, 45 - but this never materialised.