Manchester United chief John Murtough is thought to have accepted the Red Devils should have abandoned talks with Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong much earlier than they did. United eventually captured Casemiro from Real Madrid at the end of the window having spent the majority of the summer pointlessly pursuing a deal for the uninterested De Jong. After appointing Erik ten Hag at the end of last season, United earmarked one of his former Ajax favourites in De Jong as their top transfer target heading into the summer window. The Red Devils were then able to exploit Barcelona's ongoing financial crisis to strike an agreement in the region of £72million for the Dutch midfielder. However, it soon became abundantly clear that the 25-year-old had no intention of heading to Old Trafford this summer. In addition to United being unable to appease his desire to compete in the Champions League this campaign, De Jong remained determined to fight for his future at the cash-strapped Catalan club. Despite the midfielder's staunch stance, United chief Murtough is thought to have twice jetted off to Catalonia in attempts to convince De Jong to change his mind. However, his efforts proved in vain. JUST IN: Man Utd 'didn't tell James Garner he was on sale' before Everton move With United's pursuit of a new midfielder bordering on farcical, the club then completed the surprise capture of Casemiro from Real Madrid. A £60m deal to see the experienced Brazilian join Ten Hag's team was seemingly thrashed out in days, further underlining how humiliating the De Jong saga had become. It has now emerged that Murtough 'accepts' he handled the pursuit of the Barcelona star in the wrong way. According to ESPN, United chiefs have acknowledged they should have walked away from negotiations with De Jong much earlier than they did. DON'T MISS...Four things learned as Man Utd end nine-month drought with Foxes winMan Utd can complete Ten Hag’s rebuild with three January signingsTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League move It appeared to take until late August, when Casemiro joined, for the Red Devils to finally concede defeat. The 31-year-old is thought to have been an alternative choice to De Jong who was put forward by the club's recruitment department and approved by Ten Hag. It has also emerged that United chiefs were ready to abandon their pursuit of Antony after seeing an improved £78m offer for the winger rejected by Ajax. Ten Hag is then understood to have intervened to persuade the board to persist with their efforts to sign the 22-year-old Brazilian, who joined on deadline day in an £86m deal.