Tottenham outcast Bryan Gil has shared an emotional Instagram story about remembering happy times after his proposed loan return to Valencia fell through. The Spaniard has failed to impress during his spell in north London and has yet to play a single minute for the north London club this season. Gil joined Spurs in £21.6million move from Sevilla during the summer of 2021 and there were high hopes the then-20-year-old could go on to be a huge success at the club. Unfortunately for the winger the opposite has transpired, and the player has struggled for game time under both Nuno Espirito Santo and now Antonio Conte. He has made just 20 appearances for the Lilywhites, contributing only one assist, and spent the second half of last season on loan at Valencia. It had been proposed that the wideman would return to the La Liga club on loan for the rest of this season. However, the deal now appears to have fallen through. The move was dependent on Spurs signing another attacking player, but this appears to be highly unlikely with few hours left until the window slams shut on deadline day. JUST IN: Newcastle eyeing three deadline day transfers after 'putting in calls' Gil has now taken to Instagram to express his disappointment about the development. Clearly he was keen to return to Spain in order to increase his playing time. The 21-year-old posted a picture on his story with a Spanish caption which read: “Sometimes an old photo makes us remember the times when we were happy and we didn't realise it.” Valencia manager Genero Gattuso had previously said the deal was 99% done with the only issue remaining being Tottenham’s ability to source a replacement. This has not happened and the Italian has now reportedly turned his attention to Timothy Weah and Justin Kluivert instead. Despite their inability to find a replacement for the out of favour Gil, Conte appears to be content with the club’s business. He told reporters earlier this week that he believes his squad is better than the one he inherited but conceded they would still need more to challenge the likes of Manchester City and Liverpool.  "If you compare to last season, we are more complete," the former Chelsea coach said. “But to reach other teams at the top level we need time, patience and transfer markets, at least two transfer markets to reach the same level. "I spoke with the club, I spoke with [Fabio] Paratici, with Daniel Levy, I said to them my opinion. But as you know very well, the most important thing is for the club to know my opinion. If we do something or not, it’s okay." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here