The new pictures were snapped of Kate on her first day in the family's new home in Windsor. The Cambridges, both 40, reportedly "travelled light" to the new estate at Adelaide Cottage, spending little on any refurbishments or new furniture. According to the Sun, the family asked only for a fresh "lick of paint" at the new residence. Beloved cocker spaniel Orla has also moved with the family. They moved to the four-bed cottage to be closer to their children's new school in Ascot, ready for when term starts next week. The new school run to the £7,000 a term Lambrook School in Berkshire is just nine miles from their new home. Princes George, nine and Louis, four and Princess Charlotte, seven are due to start there after switching from St Thomas's School in Battersea. They attended the school while they were living in Kensington Palace, London. But the transition is well under way, with the new school uniforms for the children already having been purchased. The Duke and Duchess are reportedly looking to be normal "school gate parents", according to a Royal source. The source added that they are looking to move away from the "goldfish bowl" of Kensington Palace in order to give their children some more freedom. The family will have not be joined by their live-in nanny Maria Teresa Turrion Borrallo, who will live away from the family for the first time, as will other staff including the housekeeper and the chef. The editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, Ingrid Seward, said last that this will be "the first weekend... Kate and William have spent at Adelaide Cottage as a family. It's a lovely moment for them all. "They had to have moved in this weekend, because the children have to start at their new school next week. "The renovation is no-frills, by royal standards — and is certainly in stark contrast to the £2.4million work Harry and Meghan had done on Frogmore Cottage. "It will have been a builder's finish." A royal source said: "This is very much a decision that two parents have made to give their children the 'most normal' start possible. "KP [Kensington Palace] can be a little bit of a fishbowl. "They wanted to be able to give George, Charlotte and Louis a bit more freedom than they have living in central London. "It's very much a decision that's been led by the kids." The source added that the couple were aware of how the move may look to the general public as the cost of living crisis grips the nation. Asked if the Cambridges were aware of the struggles facing thousands across the country, the source said: "They absolutely are. "It's something they have thought long and hard about and this is a decision they have not taken lightly. "It would have been extremely difficult for them to continue on as senior working royals if they were based in Norfolk. "What they have basically done allows them to put the kids first, but also to continue on doing what they do all day, every day."