Dr Hasia Al Khubra is a cosmetic doctor, skin specialist, and founder of the prescription and non-prescription skincare line Doctors Dose. She shared her simple tips towards, younger, plumper skin. Dr Al Khubra noted how some skincare experts recommend facial massages, while others don’t. She said: “Facial massages are controversial because a lot of skin experts and dermatologists believe there’s no evidence for the benefits of them when it comes to your skin. “Yet, over time we know that sleeping on one side of your face means that those pressures on the skin and tissues can cause the face to sag more and it can crease or wrinkle more. “With this in mind, massaging the skin and manipulating it in a way that you stretch it out, surely that will mean over time you have fewer wrinkles. READ MORE: Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips “Research into the benefits of face massages for the skin is inconclusive, however some people notice a big difference from using facial tools and having facial massages, so we can’t ignore patient experience – if they feel it’s working, we have to accept it.” People can massage their faces with their hands, particularly while applying face cream at the same time. But others use facial massage tools. Dr Al Khubra continued: “Some people also swear by hand-held facial massage tools like gua shas and vibrating tools, as they do see a difference. “Similarly, in certain cultures they’ve been using facial tools for thousands of years and truly believe it works. DON'T MISS: DIY hair treatment to ‘strengthen’ & ‘promotes growth’ - 2 ingredients [EXPERT]Stop avocados from going brown - 5 food storage hacks to try [VIDEO]Menopause weight loss: Foods to avoid to lose 2lbs a week [GUIDE] “With all this in mind, I don’t think we can discount the potential benefits of facial massages.” The skincare expert went on to share more cheap hacks for youthful skin. “I recommend using a retinoid as it delays the ageing process,” she explained. “I also recommend using a good moisturiser with a high strength of hyaluronic acid as you want to keep the skin hydrated. “For your lips, people tend to forget that the lips age and you want to keep them plump and youthful, so I recommend including a hydrating lip balm and some SPF into your lip care. “For under eyes, the best product for ageing is a retinoid. It doesn’t need to be specifically formulated in an eye cream, but tretinoin will help delay ageing around the eyes and is the only FDA-approved ingredient for fine lines and wrinkles.” Dr Al Khubra added that “a key skincare ingredient for slowing the ageing process is vitamin C”. “It is an antioxidant and keeps the skin looking smooth and younger for longer,” she said. Protecting yourself from the sun is another major recommendation. “Other factors like wearing sunglasses, sunhats, caps, and long sleeve clothing can help, as well as completely avoiding sun tanning beds,” Dr Al Khubra said. “The best product for your skin to slow the ageing process is sunscreen. Think of the sun as a microwave and it’s slow cooking us all the time. “When you put things in the microwave it dehydrates them and shrivels them up making them look wrinkly and it’s essentially what the sun is doing very slowly, so you want to protect your skin from the sun as much as you can to look younger for longer.”