Celebrity chef James Martin totally overhauled his diet and lifestyle for a more slender physique and better health. Despite living a predominantly healthy lifestyle, James Martin stresses the importance of enjoying food. During a segment on This Morning last year, he revealed his absolute distaste of January dieting. The celeb chef stated: "I don't know why we do it. We're the only country in the world to go through this misery. It's just ridiculous. "Seriously, we go through this all year round, 11 months we eat whatever we want, we love and enjoy Christmas, and then you just decide to eat lettuce in January, which is mad, absolutely mad." READ MORE: Menopause weight loss: Woman, 53, shed ‘spare tyre’ - pictures  The slim chef added that while lettuce is lovely, Britons should let themselves "enjoy" food. He praises butter as a delicious, versatile ingredient, and explained that when making luxurious desserts, double cream and butter are absolutely fine to eat. But despite this seemingly relaxed attitude towards food, James has developed healthier habits himself. After dancing off three stone in four months on Strictly, the chef maintained this huge weight loss with significant diet changes. At the time, he explained: "I've totally changed from who I was six months ago." After examining his diet, James decided to make more home-cooked meals. He cut out "really bad things" such as takeaways, Mars Bars, and fizzy soft drinks. While removing these three "bad" foods, he added three very nutritious foods to his diet. READ MORE: Eat these junk foods in order to lose weight  "I eat fish twice a week as well as loads of vegetables and fresh fruit," he explained. Oily fish is rich in Omega-3 fatty acids, which can contribute to keeping the heart healthy. This was particularly important to the chef because heart disease runs in his family. Passionate about the cause, James even fronted a campaign encouraging Britons to consume more oily fish (at least one portion per week). He said: "Six ounces or 140g a week isn't a massive amount, yet 70 percent of us don't eat fish at all - and that figure is worse in Scotland, even though you're surrounded by the sea. It's absolutely crazy." Oily fish is a huge staple in the Mediterranean diet, in addition to fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, nuts and healthy fats. For fellow slimmers, James Martin simplified it for The Herald: "To say that good food is elitist is just tosh. "Good food is simply cooked food - it's not rocket science."