Throughout the Partygate allegations, all the claims that he was a liar and much of the other nonsense thrown at him, Boris’ defenders (and some of his detractors) have always maintained that as Prime Minister he “got the big decisions right”. It was an accurate description regarding “getting Brexit done”, it was mostly correct about his handling over the pandemic and it was abundantly true in the way he rallied the international community to the defence of Ukraine. Now it is hard to argue that the vision he laid out on perhaps the biggest strategic issue of them all - energy - again shows that he is the man with the eye for what needs to be done. As Putin threatens to turn off the tap of gas supplies to Europe and energy bills rise to eye watering levels threatening household costs, and potentially forcing businesses, schools and hospitals to shut, nobody would argue it is the priority now and in the long term. But most outgoing Prime Ministers use their final days to essentially defend or reinforce their legacy... whatever that is. With just four days to go before he is to exit No10, ending his term as Britain’s 55th Prime Minister, Mr Johnson was doing more than that. He had his obligatory dig at Tony Blair’s government for abandoning nuclear power and his appeal to his successor “to go nuclear, go big” were the words of a man who still has a longer vision beyond Monday’s handover of office. It was also worth noting that his claim that his government had been about not the “myopia” of the problems of now but “looking to the horizon”. “What we have tried to do is put the things in for the long term,” he added. It is worth noting that a large campaign spearheaded by Lord Cruddas and allies among MPs shows many have not given up on Mr Johnson as Prime Minister. It is extremely unlikely Tory members will not get their vote on whether to accept his resignation. But if his successor – Liz Truss (probably) or Rishi Sunak (possibly) – struggles then a record of getting the big things right will fuel calls for a possible return. There is genuine anger among party members that MPs forced out a sitting Prime Minister with a big election mandate. When the Express’s very own Sam Lister asked him what sort of ex-Prime Minister he will be, Mr Johnson gave a tantalising “only time will tell.” READ MORE: Insiders tip Truss to pick ECHR critic Tugendhat as her Home Secretary Tory MPs, even those opposed to him, are now looking out to what happens. One former cabinet minister said: “There is no doubt that his supporters are looking for a way back for him.” The ex-minister thought that a massive energy bills crisis in November could start tongues wagging on the party leadership. Another former cabinet minister said: “We expect Liz Truss to win but don’t rule out another possible coup. “MPs could quite easily move to get rid of her if things do not go well. “So, who knows what will happen then.” As Boris Johnson exits from Downing Street, his speech today shows that he is still by far the biggest figure in Parliament let alone the Conservative Party. Time will tell on whether today was his final speech as Prime Minister or not. DON'T MISS Trade war warning: EU to pull rug from under Biden TODAY [REVEAL] Sunak in goodbye speech at leadership event, acting like he's lost [INSIGHT] Have Your Say: What should the next PM's first priority should be? [REACT]