The Foreign Secretary is the frontrunner in the Tory leadership contest and therefore is favourite to become the next Prime Minister who will be announced on Monday. Voting among Tory members concluded on Friday 2 September at 5pm BST and either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will become Prime Minister on Tuesday when Boris Johnson officially tenders his resignation to the Queen. Her Majesty will then invite the new Prime Minister to form their Government where, if Truss wins, she will be like a “dog with a bone”. Reports suggest that Ms Truss will take pleasure in re-organising ministers all the way to the junior level to create a new Tory Party image that looks starkly different to Mr Johnson's which is clouded in scandal and mistrust. A senior Conservative told The Times: “There is going to be a mass changing of the guard”. Another added: “Liz has been in parliament for a long time. She has strong views on her colleagues. She is doing most of this herself.” It is expected that Ms Truss will hit the ground running if she becomes PM with the Home Secretary, Priti Patel, not expecting to keep her role. A Home Office source told the Independent: “She’s been clear to staff that she doesn’t expect to remain, that’s been made very clear to staff.” It is thought that former competitor in the leadership contest, Suella Braverman will take over from Ms Patel. Truss has prematurely established that her staunch ally Kwasi Kwarteng, who lives on the same road as Truss in Greenwich, will become Chancellor of the Exchequer. READ MORE: Starmer favourite for PM over Tory candidates Meanwhile, it is thought that James Cleverly will become foreign secretary and Thérèse Coffey, Truss’ long-term ally, may adopt the role of health secretary. Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency, Jacob Rees-Mogg, though having received criticism from the public during Johnson’s leadership, is tipped to become business secretary. An official from Truss’s team told the Financial Times: “Jacob shares Liz’s view that we need to unleash the forces of enterprise and growth is our only way out of this mess.” An ally added: “He is in line for a big job.” DON'T MISS:Russia loses second ammunition depot in 24 hours amid Ukraine attack (INSIGHT)Ukraine LIVE: Russia predicted to be 'North Korea on steroids' (LIVE)POLL: Should the UK invest more in nuclear power? (POLL) However, Labour’s shadow secretary for climate change and net zero, Ed Miliband, said Rees-Mogg’s appointment would be “a terrible sign about the seriousness with which Liz Truss takes the biggest long-term threat facing humanity”. Meanwhile, Liberal Democrat leader, Sir Ed Davey from Truss's previous party said: “For years Jacob Rees-Mogg has been on the wrong side of the argument. “The last thing we need is another climate dinosaur like Rees-Mogg.” Other positions remain more fluid with former competitor Penny Mordaunt being the “only outstanding issue” after being “offered a couple of jobs and said no”, one insider said.