On September 5, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will visit the UK to attend the One Young World 2022 Manchester Summit before setting off for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event in Germany. The couple will then return to the UK on September 8 to attend the WellChild Awards in the capital. The Sussexes' upcoming UK visit is one of a handful Harry and Meghan have made since they left their senior royal roles behind in March 2020. More than a year after leaving the UK for the US, Prince Harry returned to Windsor for the funeral of his grandfather Prince Philip in April 2021. Meghan Markle couldn't join Harry for the poignant occasion as she was pregnant with their second child Lilibet at the time. Harry walked behind the coffin procession as it travelled to St George's Chapel, Windsor while standing next to his cousin Peter Phillips. READ MORE: Prince George's godfather owns half of Mayfair - worth whopping £9bn  In July 2021, Prince Harry returned to the UK for a special commemorative event at Kensington Palace. Harry reunited with his brother Prince William for the statue unveiling of his late mother Princess Diana in the Sunken Garden, on what would have been her 60th birthday. The brother's released a short statement after the unveiling, which read: “Today, on what would have been our mother’s 60th birthday, we remember her love, strength and character - qualities that made her a force for good around the world, changing countless lives for the better. “Every day, we wish she were still with us, and our hope is that this statue will be seen forever as a symbol of her life and her legacy.”  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle made a series of high-profile appearances in the Netherlands at the 2022 edition of the Invictus Games. But en route to The Hague, the Sussexes decided to stop off to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. A few weeks previously, the Duke and Duchess were absent from a memorial service for Prince Philip at Westminster Abbey attended by other members of the Royal Family.  After weeks of speculation, it was announced in May that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle would be attending the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. A spokesperson for the couple said: “Prince Harry and Meghan, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.” The couple did not take part in Trooping the Colour as they are not working royals, and instead, they watched the spectacle from the Major General's Office in Horse Guard's Parade. DON'T MISS: Prince Charles welcomed Meghan with love, says ANGELA EPSTEIN [COMMENT]Cambridges tipped to play 'royal hide and seek' during Sussexes' visit [INSIGHT]Royal Family LIVE: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts [LIVE]  But the couple did make an appearance at St Paul's Cathedral for the Service of Thanksgiving on June 3. Dressed in a white coat dress and hat, Meghan beamed at the crowds as she made her first public UK appearance since stepping down in 2020. The couple's two children, Archie and Lilibet, did not make any public appearances during the four-day Jubilee event. But the Sussexes did share a sweet photo of Lilibet at their UK home of Frogmore Cottage which was taken on June 4 to mark her first birthday. 