Former BBC Breakfast host Bill died peacefully in the presence of his family in Suffolk on Wednesday, a spokesperson for the family said. Bill was 66 years old.  He was a long-time host of BBC Breakfast, then moving to Classic FM before choosing to focus on his health in October last year. He had been diagnosed with prostate cancer back in 2018, making his "challenging" fight with the disease public the following year. He was hailed as "resolutely positive", and an advocate for prostate cancer awareness. A man of "warmth" and "humour", his family described his "generosity" for "those around him".  In a statement, his family paid tribute to a "devoted" and "wonderful" man who will be keenly missed. The statement read: "Bill was diagnosed in 2017 and has had outstanding medical care from the Royal Marsden and Ipswich Hospitals, St Elizabeth Hospice and his GP. "He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck. "It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease. READ MORE: Royal Navy chief explains why £3bn HMS Prince of Wales broke down  "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people’s homes on BBC Breakfast and Classic FM. "He was also a devoted Wycombe Wanderers fan and an ever-aspiring beekeeper. "Bill was a wonderful husband and father to his three children; his family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him." Susanna Reid, who worked extensively with Bill, was one of the first to pen a heartfelt tribute to the late presenter. DON'T MISS: Brexit LIVE: EU pulls plug on border plane to monitor Channel [LIVE] Truss vs Sunak: Who should be our next Prime Minister? VOTE HERE [POLL] GP surgeries closed MAPPED: Why nearly 500 GPs have shut their doors [MAP] The Good Morning Britain host wrote on Twitter: "Bill was the kindest, funniest, most generous man in the business. "I feel lucky to have worked with him and he taught me everything. "But above all, he was devoted to his family and I am heartbroken for them. "RIP Bill. We will miss you so much."  Ex-BBC Breakfast host Dan Walker said it was "an honour" to continue the work Bill had done after leaving the BBC. He tweeted: "Bill Turnbull was so kind and generous when I took over from him on BBC Breakfast. "He was full of brilliant advice and it was clear just how loved he was by his colleagues and the audience. "It was an honour to sit on his sofa. My thoughts are with his family and friends."