Some of the world's most famous stars have starred in The Crown over the years, with Gillian Anderson portraying Margaret Thatcher and Olivia Colman depicting the Queen. Now, one of the world's most recognisable models will be making a surprise appearance on the Netflix royal drama. Kelly Brook confirmed she will be making an appearance in The Crown season six, but not in the classic form of acting. The model explained how Netflix contacted her agent to ask if she'd be happy with one of her images featuring in the show. The Heart FM presenter believes her photo will appear in one of the private rooms of the Royal Family, but it is not confirmed who's room that will be. During the 90s Kelly's posters would have featured on many teenage bedroom walls, so she speculated on what Royal Family member would most likely have one of their own. Discussing the intriguing offer, Kelly explained: "I got an email from my agent saying 'We have had a picture clearance request for one of your images to be used on The Crown season six.'" She described how the poster would be in one of the character’s dressing rooms. The former Big Breakfast host speculated: "That’s definitely got to be a teenage boy’s bedroom. "Could I be on the wall of Prince Harry or Prince William’s bedroom at Buckingham Palace?" The jubilant star confirmed she would be signing up to the unique licensing deal. She told the Daily Star: "Was I a pin-up for them back in the 90s? How old were they then? Well, this is incredible. Of course, I have said yes." Kelly has made many surprising film and TV drama appearances over the years, including Miss Marple and Superman spin-off Smallville. The former Strictly Come Dancing star also made a cameo in The Italian Jobs' reprisal in 2003. DON'T MISS...Triangle of Sadness star Charlbi Dean dies at just 32 [ARTICLE]Next James Bond shocker: Bridgerton star bounces over Idris Elba [INSIGHT]Delusional Meghan's interview claims are total fiction - BLACKBURN [OPINION] She will soon be able to add the Netflix drama about the Windsors to that list. The Crown seasons five and six are set to feature the growth of Prince Harry and William, and specifically the Duke's romance with Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge. With the two new instalments, all of the tribulations from the 1990s are expected to be addressed. This will include the separation of Prince Charles and the late Princess Diana with a further two more divorces including Prince Andrew and Princess Anne. Lady Diana's tragic death will also be a huge moment, as well as the Queen's infamous 'Annus Horribilis' and the sad loss of the Queen Mother. Show bosses have confirmed they are not tempted to continue into a seventh season and enter a potential 'Megxit' storyline. However, they have confirmed there will be new faces on the new Netflix show, with Imelda Staunton replacing Olivia Colman to play Queen Elizabeth II. Lesley Manville will take over the reigns from Helena Bonham-Carter in the role of the allusive Princess Margaret. The late Duke of Edinburgh will be played by Jonathan Pryce who was nominated for an Oscar for his depiction of Pope Francis in The Two Popes. The Crown season 5 returns to Netflix in November Show bosses have confirmed they are not tempted to continue into a seventh season and enter a potential 'Megxit' storyline. However, they have confirmed there will be new faces on the new Netflix show, with Imelda Staunton replacing Olivia Colman to play Queen Elizabeth II. Lesley Manville will take over the reigns from Helena Bonham-Carter in the role of the allusive Princess Margaret. The late Duke of Edinburgh will be played by Jonathan Pryce who was nominated for an Oscar for his depiction of Pope Francis in The Two Popes. The Crown season 5 returns to Netflix in November