Pierre Gasly may live to regret not 'lowering his voice' after seemingly giving away his F1 future ahead of the Dutch Grand Prix. The AlphaTauri driver is currently the subject of intense speculation, having been widely touted for a move to Alpine to replace the departing Fernando Alonso. Gasly, 26, made his F1 debut in 2017 and two years later, had a short stint alongside Max Verstappen driving for Red Bull. However, just 12 underwhelming races into the season, he found himself demoted back to the development team of Christian Horner and co. But an opportunity at Alpine has now arisen following an explosive saga that was kicked off by Alonso last month, when he confirmed he was heading to Aston Martin at the end of 2022. The team reacted by announcing that reserve driver Oscar Piastri would take his place, only for the Australian to take to Twitter to claim that was false, amid rumours he's been lined up by McLaren to take over from Daniel Ricciardo next year. Alpine have now turned their attentions to Gasly, whose sole F1 win came at the 2020 Italian Grand Prix. And as drivers paraded the Circuit Zandvoort ahead of the P1 tomorrow, the Frenchman may have inadvertently revealed how negotiations were going. JUST IN: F1 fans hit back at ‘stupid’ fake gravel trap installed at Dutch Grand Prix Whilst walking onto the track alongside Ferrari's Charles Leclerc and Mercedes driver George Russell, Gasly was clearly heard telling the pair: "I'm still working on the final details of the contract," before the second part of the conversation was drowned out by crowd noise. The video clip was posted on Twitter by @jenhunt_ who joked: "Pierre babes maybe lower the voice. He’s spilling it so hard," and sure enough, F1 fans were also amused: "Subtlety, not Pierre's forte," replied @MikeHannah_. DON'T MISS:Fernando Alonso apologises to Lewis Hamilton and plans talks with Mercedes starLewis Hamilton 'sends message' to Toto Wolff over snatching Max Verstappen's key weaponMercedes reveal true extent of Lewis Hamilton crash and provide update on Brit @iitsBreeezy added: "Would he like a Megaphone next time?" and @SigginsDaniel jovially suggested he was talking about issues outside F1, "I swear I heard ‘married’ before this," he wrote.