For many, drying clothes outside is the only option due to limited space or no tumble dryer. Even if you do have a tumble dryer, they can be expensive to run, especially with energy bills on the rise. While it is not impossible to dry clothes outside during the winter months, they can take a lot longer and may still feel damp. An expert has shared top tips on drying clothes without a tumble dryer. Daniel Nezhad, Director of UK Radiators, explained: “Ventilate the area…contrary to popular belief, you shouldn’t opt to trap the heat in your home by keeping the windows and doors shut tight. “When there are wet clothes filling the area, this will dampen the air in the room and make it near impossible for laundry to dry in good time. “If the clothes are wet, and the air is wet, you’re giving the laundry no chance to lose its moisture. “Plus, you could be causing some real structural damage to your home by encouraging damp spots and even mould to form. Instead, crank open the windows and let the outside air in. READ MORE: ‘Golden rule’ for removing toilet limescale with just 2 ingredients “This will allow the moisture to escape and prevent the room from getting too clammy.” The expert said this will help the laundry dry a lot quicker because it will be in the right environment. However, this can be hard during the winter months when it is cold outside, and many may not want to open their windows. Instead, the expert recommended using a humidifier, which helps to draw the moisture out of the air. DON'T MISS:Bradley Walsh’s private life with Donna in quiet Essex town [INSIGHT]Engineer shares cheapest method to boil water to save on bills [EXPLAINER]‘Best’ way to wash bedding to avoid common laundry ‘mistakes’ [EXPERT] Daniel said: “These nifty little devices ensure that your property doesn’t get too damp and can be perfect for preventing mould.” However, these devices can be expensive to buy as well as run, so more affordable options include investing in a drying rack, especially if door and chair space is tight. Lots of different airing racks are available on the market, including ones with lots of different layers, space for plenty of clothes. While radiators can help to dry clothes in winter, the expert said they are actually a dangerous fire hazard. READ MORE: 8 ways to ‘repel’ spiders - including ‘extremely repulsive’ 30p trick Daniel said: “A simple drying rack is affordable and safe and is the first step to drying clothes sufficiently. “After hanging your laundry on it, position the rack in a safe, but close proximity to your radiator, and in the warmest and driest room of the house - generally somewhere small and cosy, like a little spare bedroom that gets a lot of sunlight. “Turn on the heating and let the room fill with warmth, taking care to rotate your drying rack every so often. “This will equally distribute the heat around all the clothes, helping the whole load to dry at the same pace.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When it comes to placing clothing on the rack, it is important to make sure the clothes are strategically placed. This involves making sure longer and bulkier items are placed towards the top, taking care to avoid any clothing dragging on the floor. Daniel also recommended checking items of clothing to make sure socks and underwear haven’t made their way into them in the wash. Britons also shouldn’t overfill their washing machines as this can result in the washing coming out of the machine still soaking wet, causing it to take ages to dry. The expert added: “If you have a hugely overfilled washing machine, the clothes will have trouble drying out on their final spins. “The washer is designed to wring some of the water out of your laundry, so when there isn’t space for it to move around the moisture is essentially trapped. “Try being restrictive over the amount you put into your washing machine. The first step is taking control over the separation of whites, darks and colours. “Although it can be easy to just chuck it all in, you could be asking for trouble in the winter.” As soon as the washing machine has finished its cycle, it is important to empty it as soon as possible to prevent nasty smells from circulating. According to Daniel, if wet clothes are in a pile, they will never dry as they are constantly being rubbed against other damp objects. He added: “Hanging your washing allows the laundry to air. Put the load on your drying rack straight away to allow it the best chance to dry in good time and keep the delightful odour of your washing powder.”