Daniil Medvedev feels there is plenty of respect between him and Nick Kyrgios, but wouldn't go as far to say the two are "friends". Kyrgios has been one of the most in-form players on the ATP Tour this summer having reached the Wimbledon final and winning the Citi Open. Medvedev was forced to sit out Wimbledon due to the ban on Russian and Belarusian players and was playing catch up on his rivals for match sharpness. He won on his first tournament back at the Los Cabos Open, but was given a difficult draw at the Canadian Open against the very man he faces next at the US Open. Kyrgios came from a set down to beat Medvedev in one of the most-watched matches of the tournament. All eyes are set to be on their rematch on Sunday night with Medvedev looking to defend his title from last year. Kyrgios has dropped just one set on his way to the fourth round while has had barely any trouble in his opening three matches. The Australian tennis star has proven to be a divisive figure among his fellow professionals on tour at times, often rubbing up his rivals the wrong way.  But Medvedev clearly has plenty of respect for the No 23 seed, although he doesn't envisage going to a bar with his opponent. “I don’t think we are friends. When I say ‘friends’, we haven’t been to the bar together," Medvedev said. “I feel like we respect each other a lot. On the court also we never really had any fight or anything, which can change any moment. We are both quite electric. You never know what’s going to happen in the future.  “Nick is a little bit different from other tennis players sometimes on the court. That’s his choice. That’s his life. I’m not the one to judge.” Medvedev's only win over Kyrgios came at this year's Australian Open with all matches being close affairs. And the world No 1 expects more of the same this time around in one of the most hotly anticipated matches of the US Open. “We’ve played great matches. I think all have been quite tight on the scoreboard,” Medvedev added. "It’s 3-1 to him but I will try to do better this time and it will be a great match for people to watch.”