William Saliba joked about Arsenal team-mate Gabriel’s baldness on live TV following his side's 2-1 victory over Aston Villa. The two defenders have been the bedrock of the Gunners’ current success within the Premier League, forming a formidable partnership together after the Frenchman returned from his loan spell at Marseille.    Saliba and Gabriel were once again on form as Arsenal beat Villa at the Emirates on Wednesday night. They were unlucky to concede to the midlands side with their goal coming directly from a corner, scored by Mikel Arteta’s target Douglas Luiz. The pair have been in fantastic form this season with much of the north London side's early season success build on the understanding they possess at the back. The Gunners are the only team in the league to maintain a 100% record this year, conceding only four goals in the process. Arsenal fans have waited a long time for the defenders to play together, watching on as Saliba spent three consecutive seasons on loan in France. He has wasted no time in making an impression on his return this summer, usurping Ben White from centre-half with the Englishman now making the right-back slot his own. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal It appears Saliba gets on as well with Gabriel off the field as he does on it after he joked about his Brazilian colleague after last night’s game at the Emirates. The Arsenal No 12 jested about the 24-year-old’s youthful age despite his bald appearance. “He’s a good guy,” the French international said when asked if he was enjoying playing with his defensive partner. “He's young, but with his head he looks old, but he's still young and a good guy. “We are a good defence, we’re all friends and I hope we’ll keep going like this.” Gabriel has also been gushing in his praise for his partner in crime in the past. Speaking in August the former Lille star praised the Frenchman’s positive effect on the side. “Saliba is a good friend of mine already. We speak French together, so that helps. He has added a lot of quality to the team and I think he has a brilliant future ahead of him. “He’s a young player who came here at a very young age and then went out to get some experience. Now, despite his age, he is already playing for the French national team. That tells you how good he is. He’s here to help the team and he’s a very promising talent.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach Gabriel was also keen to stress that the pair could help each other to improve their own performances. “I have been here for two years now, so I do have experience that I can use to help him,” he explained. “But at the same time, he can help me. He has a lot of quality and a lot of physical strength out on the pitch. “We have similar qualities. I think we complement each other well.” Saliba and Gabriel will line up together again this Sunday when the Gunners face Manchester United at Old Trafford, with the pair central to the team’s chances of victory over their historic rivals. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here