Monty Don, 67, has opened up on his “difficult relationship” with his parents, who both died young. The Gardeners’ World star said he was “grateful” for the principles they passed down to him, despite their tricky times together. He was asked in an interview what he owed to his parents. “I had a difficult relationship with my parents, who died young, but they instilled self-discipline and a sense of honour and loyalty and accountability,” he told The Guardian. “I’m grateful for that.” The green-fingered expert also reflected on his own parenting skills, admitting he wanted to apologise to his children for not being around as much as he should have. He shares Tom, Adam and Frey with his wife, Sarah. “I was away an awful lot when they were little and not very good at being a father when I was around. I could have done better,” he admitted. Monty has spoken frankly about his struggles with his mental health in the past, which have no doubt played a part in his being an absent father. He and Sarah once ran a successful costume jewellery business, but the stock market crash of 1987 left them almost bankrupt and without savings. The pair were left so distressed by the situation that they both became physically ill and they even ended up having to sell their home for a fraction of its original price. Sarah explained in their book, The Jewel Garden: “A bad situation got worse every day. "The banks wanted their money and started to bounce our cheques whilst simultaneously adding their charges - and interest on them - to the tally. "Of course it could not go on. Something had to give. As it turned out, that something proved to be our shop, our business, our savings, our furniture - and our home." Monty went on to reveal that the pair were forced to choose whether to declare bankruptcy or sell everything and pay back what they owed. While they chose the latter and eventually saw the light at the end of the tunnel, Sarah detailed how it was a tough time for them both. She penned: "How did we ever believe that we could have saved the situation? "I suppose the lowest point for me what when I was hidden away on my sickbed while potential buyers traipsed round the house." Monty added: “We were lambs to the slaughter and we lost everything, we lost our house, our business. We sold every stick of furniture we had.” He had also suffered a traumatic childhood, with his father battling demons of his own. "I remember my mother telling me to go take the bolt out of the gun so he couldn't shoot himself,” he said. "I remember thinking, 'This is quite heavy', but doing it. With hindsight, I don't think he would have shot himself." The Samaritans is available 24/7 if you need to talk. You can contact them for free by calling 116 123, email  jo@samaritans.org  or head to the website to find your nearest branch. You matter.