White vinegar’s acidity is what makes it such an effective household cleaner. The kitchen staple can help to dissolve soap scum, dirt and even sticky residues. It is considered an eco-friendly natural cleaning ingredient, although one expert has warned it can be “damaging to materials”. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Olly Cavner, Operations Manager at Essential Living explained: “White vinegar has long been hailed as a must-have item to have on hand to help with cleaning your kitchen and bathroom. This is due to the acid helping dissolve stains and grime away. “Although it is good for helping remove stains, it can also be damaging to other materials which often feature throughout the kitchen.” Here are five household areas to avoid cleaning with white vinegar with tips on what to use instead. Stone countertops are a beautiful addition to your home, but you should avoid using white vinegar on them because the acid in it can etch and dull the surface. Using this to clean them can lead to a loss of shine and also permanent damage to the sealant. READ MORE: ‘Guaranteed’ solution to leave windows ‘streak-free’ - ‘amazing!’ Olly explained: “Shiny countertops may start to slowly fade when they’ve been cleaned with white vinegar too much, so this is definitely one to avoid. “It’s important to also check if your all-purpose cleaners have vinegar listed as an ingredient because even excessive use of these can slowly make the shine fade.” Instead the expert advised: “Warm water and dish soap is the best option to clean countertops and remove stains.” With dishwashers, Britons should try to avoid cleaning it with white vinegar as it is not effective at removing water spots in the machine. In fact, white vinegar can eat away at the rubber parts of your machine, causing the sealant to break down over time. DON'T MISS: ‘Best’ method to wash black and white clothes to stop colours running [EXPERT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS]The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ [INSIGHT] Olly cautioned: “Many people suggest using white vinegar to help clean out your dishwasher, but actually, it’s been found to have little effect on cleaning dishwashers, and can actually be damaging to the pipes and any rubber parts to your machine. “It’s recommended to buy a specially formulated dishwasher cleaner instead, as these can be bought relatively cheaply and do a much better job.” Electronics must be cleaned carefully as water and electricity do not mix. Vinegar can be effective when trying to leave windows streak-free, but electronic screens are different. The screen on your computer, tablet, smartphone or TV can become damaged if cleaned with white vinegar. The expert explained: “White vinegar can be great at removing streaks, but avoid using it on an electronic screen as it can damage the anti-glare properties, and even make it less responsive if it’s a touch screen. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield’s quiet life at his £2.2 million Chiswick home “Instead, use a soft sponge or a lightly damp cloth with water to remove these. You can also purchase screen wipes for any tougher marks.” There are several types of flooring which Britons can have in their home. If they have hardwood or stone floors in particular, they should try to avoid using white vinegar to clean them. Diluted vinegar can dissolve the finish on floors and leave them looking dull, cloudy or scratched. Olly said: “Using vinegar repeatedly on wax or stone surfaces can cause the finish to wear away. “In fact, some flooring manufacturers will even void any warranty if there are signs that vinegar was used and it can wear away any sealers that have been applied too. “That’s why you’ll want to pick cleaners that are specifically made for wood or stone flooring, as these will help best protect them.” Despite what you may see online, nothing acidic, whether it be vinegar or lemon juice, should be used to clean mirrors. This is because it can seep behind the thin coating and corrode the silver backing that gives every mirror its shine. The cleaning pro said: “You may think using white vinegar on your mirrors will help remove streaks as it does on your windows, but this is actually not advised. “Although both glass and mirrors have a backing on them to make them shine and reflect, applying vinegar will seep through into this backing. “It’s best using a cleaning product specifically for mirrors and using a microfibre cloth to wipe it down to avoid any streaks.”