Angela Blue Thunder (played by Q’orianka Kilcher) hasn’t caused trouble for John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and his ranch since the fourth season of Yellowstone. With another instalment of the hit Paramount Network drama on its way to screens this November, fans may be in for a shock when Angela returns after her absence last year. Q’orianka Kilcher is confirmed to be returning to the cast of Yellowstone for its upcoming fifth season. She portrays powerhouse attorney Angela, who often helps Thomas Rainwater (Gil Birmingham) and the Broken Rock Indian Reservation. Angela was last seen in the season three finale, The World Is Purple. She then took a backseat to the drama while the Duttons recovered from being ambushed during season four. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling Throughout Yellowstone’s 2021-22 run, John faced off with Garrett Randall (Will Patton) and Caroline Warner (Jacki Weaver) of Market Equities. After the latest outing saw another of the Duttons’ rivals taken out, Angela and Thomas could return with a vengeance with another scheme to take the ranch for themselves. Actress Q’orianka has recently been seen in Dora and the Lost City of Gold and alongside Channing Tatum in road comedy, Dog. She is also well known for portraying Native American woman Pocahontas in Terrence Malick’s 2005 film, The New World. However, fans have been speculating about her apparent departure from the series after she failed to make a single appearance in season four. During season four, Reddit user shallawalla posted: “What happened to Angela Blue Thunder? “It seemed like she was going to become a bigger character. But we didn’t even see her in season four at all.” To which lamodamo123 joked: “She fell into a plot hole.” DON'T MISS:Rings of Power star ‘terrified’ by Stranger’s entrance [EXCLUSIVE]The Rookie season 5 trailer: Major death teased by return of old face [VIDEO]Power Book 2’s Brayden star speaks out on Joseph Sikora feud [INSIGHT] It initially appeared Angela had become just one of a number of forgotten threads which have failed to resurface throughout Yellowstone’s four seasons so far. However, as Angela promised to be making big moves against the ranch at the end of season three, viewers were expecting her to show her face at least once during the Duttons’ latest battle. GoodShark speculated: “She's been put on the back burner. “There hasn't been anything this season about the conflict with the reserve. It's been ignored this season.” And thenatural134 added: “She suffered the same fate that many other side stories and characters have suffered on this show. They vanished.” Angela’s partner Thomas also suffered from reduced screentime in season four, his biggest moment occurring when he helped Kayce Dutton (Luke Grimes) perform an Indian ritual. Now Garrett has been taken care of and Market Equities is preparing to swoop in, Thomas may need Angela’s help once again to protect the sacred land in the upcoming season. Yellowstone season 5 premieres Sunday, November 13 on the Paramount Network. A UK release date is yet to be announced.