The country has become somewhat used to glorious sunshine, humidity and unusually high temperatures. But that may all be about to change as the Met Office forecast looks bleak as meteorological autumn gets underway. Its long range forecast earmarks Wednesday, September 7 as the day to be mindful of, as this is when the mercury will plummet and the weather will take a downturn from summer’s record-breaking heights. It says: “Wednesday is likely to bring some unsettled weather for much of the UK, with many places seeing showers.  “Winds perhaps lighter than the beginning of the week, allowing some mist or fog patches overnight for some areas. “This unsettled picture is likely to continue for the rest of the week, with a continued risk of showers, especially in the east and southeast, but drier and brighter spells are also likely, the best of which probable for the northwest.” While next weekend may be drier in the north, there is no promise of the rain clearing up completely. The Met Office says “showers could become less frequent”, with a “brief spell of more settled weather developing.”  “It continues: “Temperatures will be around normal throughout, but with the chance of some warmer conditions overnight initially.” And the forecast doesn’t look to be improving by the end of the month. The outlook until October 1 adds: “The second half of September could bring a return to some more unsettled weather, with frontal systems possibly bringing rain or showers at times, most likely in the west or northwest. “Eastern areas are probably drier than average. Temperatures most likely above normal.” READ MORE: Brits to face thunderstorms and downpours  Interactive weather model WX Charts shows a circular band of low pressure hitting the UK from Wednesday, with the frontal coming in off the Atlantic. It will initially blanket much of Ireland as it moves eastwards, covering large swathes of the south west and Wales. Then, just as the first band dissipates, another one will come hurling across making its full impact known by September 10. The UK, however, will not be free of sporadic showers throughout the rest of the month.  DON'T MISS: Jane McDonald's pal moves in with distraught star amid partner's death [REPORT]Red Arrows pilot had to drive at 400mph with his knees [INSIGHT]Lukashenko's troops prepare to seize 'lost territory' in army drills [ANALYSIS]  Maps also show heavy clusters forming over parts of Scotland and the north west by September 17. An overview model of Europe shows humidity levels from the continent steering clear of the UK. In fact, only slightly warmer temperatures may be seen in the south by the end of the month. 