Jane McDonald has shared a sweet family announcement while sharing that she plans to "slow down" and step away from the limelight to spend time with her family. The Cruising with Jane McDonald star, 59, made the comments following the death of her long-term partner Eddie Rothe. It comes as she chatted to Loose Women co-star Kaye Adams on the How To Be 60 podcast about love, loss and life. Speaking about her future plans, Jane said: "I think it's made me realise actually, how many summers have we got left. "And I want to do so much, I want to go on holiday, instead of filming one. "I want to be creative, I want to have time in my lovely home," she admitted. READ MORE: Drummie Zeb dead: Lead singer of reggae band Aswad dies aged 62 Sharing her news, Jane went on: "You know, and I want to be here for my family. "You know, my niece is just about to have a baby and we're all very excited about that." The star went on to reveal that she's planning to step away from her hectic schedule and take time to "slow down", "And I want to be around, I want to be around for them all just for a while to like sort myself out and then stop working as much as I do, because I work constantly," she explained. Kaye asked her friend: "Are you aware of getting older?" Jane confessed she has no qualms about aging, admitting she plans to have fun and stop working as much. She said: "I'm looking forward to it. Because I can slow down. I've achieved so many things in my life already, that I never thought I would. "So it's time now to have a bit of fun. And I've not really had much fun, because I've worked constantly, constantly for as long as I can remember. And I'm not touring next year or the year after. DON'T MISS... TV presenter announces tragic death of much loved six-year-old son [BREAKING]Sue Barker 'upset & angry' after Cliff Richard 'dumped her over phone' [INSIGHT]Ulrika Jonsson blasts Katie Price's 'holidays' amid moaning about kids [ANALYSIS] "So you've got an exclusive there because they only think I'm only doing one year, but I'm now doing two," she cheekily quipped to Kaye. Jane added: "Because I want to have a bit of downtime, I'll still be doing all the TV shows and that's great. You know, I love that." However, Jane admitted that she struggles more with one aspect of her work more than when she was younger. She told Kaye: "But the touring I found now is harder than it used to be and I'm thinking well, why? Why are you doing it, just have a bit of a break and see how you feel." Jane shot to fame with her first appearance on BBC One's The Cruise. Since then she's travelled the world and most recently fronted Jane McDonald: My Yorkshire. The star has presented other show including Cruising With Jane McDonald and Holidaying With Jane McDonald. Kaye Adams: How to be 60 is available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify and all good podcast platforms.