Meghan Markle appeared as the star of The Cut Magazine’s Fall Fashion issue, which featured an array of style choices from the Duchess including beautiful dresses from designers such as Chanel and Bottega Veneta. However, in the final shot, a crisp, white suit could have a significant meaning according to fashion coach Miranda Holder. Miranda shared her thoughts on the Duchess’ style choices in a TikTok video posted to her account @themirandaholder 'Your Feel Good Fashion Coach’. While the suit gives a classic, smart look, the choice of colour may hold another meaning. Miranda explained: “Finally, we see Meghan standing tall and proud in her signature white. “White signifies peace, innocence and purity. It shows us that despite everything Megan will remain strong and powerful, and wishes to be a force for good in the world.” READ MORE: How Cambridge children are 'dealt with' if they break Kate's rules The blazer by designer Proenza Schouler features bold black buttons and an asymmetrical cut. The Duchess emphasised her silhouette with matching, flared trousers and white pointed heels from Manolo Blank. She kept her hair sleek and simple, with a middle parting tucked behind her ears. Meghan also refrained from wearing too many accessories, as is typical of her minimal style. This is not the first time Meghan has donned an ivory suit, having opted for a summer-appropriate suit already this year. In April 2022, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made an appearance at the Invictus Games in the Netherlands. Meghan navigated the changing seasons with a smart and stylish white suit by Valentino. Unlike her The Cut suit, the Valentino suit has a slightly oversized silhouette, with baggier trousers and a double-breasted jacket. DON'T MISSKate's twin!' Princess Mary steps out in 'beautiful' colourful skirt [COMMENT]Anthemion Tiara: Sophie Wessex's stunning wedding tiara [PICTURES]Diana & Camilla wore same dress - but Charles reacted very differently [INSIGHT] In keeping with the colour palette, The Duchess carried a small white handbag with gold chain detail and wore a pair of white pointed heels. Her accessories were simple, with a delicate gold pendant chain around her neck and a pair of classic stud earrings. Around her wrist, Meghan wore a gold watch, as well as a fine chain which looped around her ring finger. Meghan isn't the only royal lady who has stunned in a white suit this year. In fact, a white suit has been one of Kate Middleton's go-to looks of the year, having worn one on her tour of the Caribbean with Prince William in March, as well as in August to the Commonwealth Games.