Meghan Markle's new podcast and bombshell interview has grabbed worldwide attention sparking trouble for Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince William before they head to the US later this year. Author and historian Tessa Dunlop has claimed Meghan has blown the royals "out of the water" with her success. Speaking to Palace Confidential, Ms Dunlop said: "The bigger picture is surely that in America where success is much more judged on money and status and the brand. "She's blown it out of the water. She's top of the Spotify rankings. "Everyone is talking about her whether negative or positive. "I think that's a nightmare for the Cambridges going forward. "Their children, everybody and anybody who are going to want to marry those children. READ MORE: US turns eye to Duchess of Cambridge as Meghan sparks outrage "Is it for the tinsel? To run off into the sunset and create some other idea of royalty? "I think this is actually a longer term nightmare for the institution of monarchy in our country because you can take a little bit and run off." It comes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are back in the UK this week for the first time since returning for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. Harry and Meghan will appear at events in London and Manchester, as well as jetting off to Germany to mark the one year countdown to the Invictus Games. It is not known what day the couple will arrive on British soil, or if they will visit the Queen in Balmoral, but it is thought unlikely they will bring their children Archie and Lili on the working trip. They will head to Manchester on Monday for the One Young World summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. They will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said. DON'T MISS Harry 'struggling' as Meghan takes on bulk of Sussex brand work [ANALYSIS]Queen facing to step back after failing to continue royal duties [INSIGHT]Meghan caught in major U-turn after interview comments [VIDEO] The couple will then head to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event Which is taking place on Tuesday, before returning to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London where Harry will deliver a speech on Thursday. Their visit to the UK will be the first time they have been back in the country since the Jubilee celebrations in early June, when they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. It comes just days after Meghan's wide-ranging interview with The Cut in which she said it takes "a lot of effort" to forgive and hinted that she can "say anything". In the interview, running to more than 6,000 words, Meghan said that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as senior working royals.