Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta would reportedly welcome a new central midfielder before the summer transfer deadline passes on Thursday night. But the Spaniard already has a forgotten new midfield player in the shape of Fabio Vieira, who joined the club from Porto this summer. And the Portuguese ace will be desperate to show Arteta exactly what he can do this season. Arsenal shelled out £34million to prise Vieira away from his homeland in June. But the 22-year-old sustained a foot injury while playing for the Portugal under-21s just before his arrival in England. Vieira was named on the bench for Arsenal’s Premier League clashes with Bournemouth and Fulham last month but failed to make it onto the pitch amid a frustrating start to his career in north London. According to Goal, Arteta has made it clear that he wants to complete more signings before the transfer window slams shut and is focused on boosting his options in the middle of the pitch. But cash is tight at the Emirates as the club have shelled out mega-money over the last two summer windows. And Vieira’s time in the limelight could be coming. Vieira illustrated his prodigious talents in Portugal and bagged an impressive seven goals and 16 assists for Porto last season. He has also found the back of the net seven times in his last eight appearances for the Portugal under-21s and will be confident of contributing in front of goal when he is given a regular run in the Gunners team. JUST IN: 'Disgrace' Pulisic enrages Chelsea fans as he storms down tunnel Vieira’s lack of appearances during the early stages of the new season means he has been somewhat forgotten and has flown under the radar. He has unequivocally been overshadowed by former Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus, who has hit the ground running at the Emirates Stadium and has made a huge impression at his new club. And Oleksandr Zinchenko, who also arrived from the Etihad Stadium, has received plenty of plaudits as well following a number of excellent performances during the early part of the season. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'in advanced talks' for £77m Gvardiol but face 12-month waitArsenal learn Mudryk transfer price as Mikel Arteta plots late moveLiverpool urged to sign Newcastle ace Joelinton to fix Klopp's woes  Vieira hasn’t had the chance to burst onto the scene in the capital. But he has a lot going for him and has plenty of time to impress, having penned a five-year deal at the club. He’s dynamic and quick to press the ball so will ensure the Gunners are no pushovers. And he’s a menace in attack. So when Arteta decides the time is right to make the youngster an integral part of his side, the ex-Manchester City assistant manager could be handsomely rewarded.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here