With the new Tory leader to be announced on Monday the party has seen its support fall by four points to 32 percent in just three weeks after a brief rally following Boris Johnson’s resignation announcement. Meanwhile, in a week where Sir Keir Starmer has said he would freeze energy bills Labour has seen its support rise by three points in the same period to 42 percent. The catastrophic showing for the Conservative Party comes amid criticism that the party put aside the whole summer for a leadership election which could have been resolved by early August. In that time the energy bills crisis has seen concerns raised that businesses and schools may need to be closed down because buildings cannot be affordably heated. Meanwhile, there have been predictions that inflation could rise to 18 percent. While leadership favourite Liz Truss has promised an emergency budget, the so-called “zombie government” of Boris Johnson waiting for a successor has been unable to react to the growing problems. The polling revealed that unhappiness with the political situation shows that more than one in five people (22 percent) would not vote at all. The Tories are even down to one of their lowest vote figures with pro-Leave supporters with 55 percent backing them. For the first time in a month Labour poll higher in every age category with even pensioners backing them over the Conservatives. Former Conservative Director of Communications Nick Wood said: “The Tory spent far too long navel-gazing." “It needs to focus on the big problems facing the country, not its own internal soap opera.” But he suggested that a Truss victory with a promise of tax cuts and economic growth could help the party turn a corner. Mr Wood said: “Once Liz Truss is elected leader we should expect a bounce in the polls and for once a sense of optimism about the Government’s prospects.” The results mean that whoever takes over on Monday has a difficult deficit in support to overcome in the wake of Mr Johnson’s Partygate scandal. Campaigning in the leadership election has all but come to an end with the last hustings taking place on Wednesday this week. Polling suggests that Ms Truss who has promised a series of tax cuts will beat former Chancellor Rishi Sunak in the run-off with members. Michela Morizzo, the chief executive of Techne, UK, said: "As we finally approach the conclusion of the Conservative Leadership contest there can be no doubt that the Party has suffered electorally as a result. The ongoing attacks between the candidates at a time when hard-working people and their families are struggling terribly to come to terms with the cost of living crisis has made the Conservative Party and its Leadership look out of touch. "Whoever becomes Party Leader next week will have to move quickly and decisively if they are to regain the initiative and stop the ever-increasing lead Sir Keir Starmer and his Party and taking over the Conservatives.”