The footage showed images of a Russian weapons depot exploding in Vysokopillia in the northern Kherson region following a successful attack performed by Ukrainian forces. Smoke and fire are seen spreading from the explosion point right on top of the warehouse used by Russian troops to store their weapons. As the Ukrainian army performs the attack, a cloud of smoke is seen spreading along the depot and subsequent to the blast flames are seen emerging from the explosion point. Following the strike, pieces of metal and wood, part of the building roof, are seen reaching the sky. The warehouse seems to be located in the region's countryside, right behind a few residential buildings standing right in front of the Russian-occupied facility in Vysokopillia. As the viewer recording the clip zooms out, the cloud of smoke is seen becoming spreading all over the residential area. Following the first strike, a subsequent blast is also recorded right next to the initial explosion point, resulting in a bigger amount of smoke speeding all over the facility. The strike at the ammunition depot is the second in just 24 hours. A clip posted on Twitter by media news agency @Flash43191300, for instance, captured the moment Ukrainian forces allegedly destroyed a Russian ammunition depot in the Kakhovka district of the Kherson region. The attacks are believed to be part of the Ukrainian counter-offensive campaign in the attempt to retake control over the Russian-occupied region of Kherson. READ MORE: Poland demands WW2 reparations from Germany The area has been under continual Russian control since the beginning of the war in February, with Kherson becoming the first major Ukrainian city to fall into Russian hands. German journalist Julian Röpcke, who shared the clip, commented: “The Ukrainian army destroyed a large Russian weapons depot in Vysokopillia, northern Kherson oblast”. Together with the video, Mr Röpcke also shared a map showing presence of Russian forces around the area where the explosion took place. Russian troops had initially left the town of Vysokopillia but later this week came back in response to the current Ukrainian counter-offensive now in place in the Kherson region. DON'T MISS: Downing Street hit with sexual misconduct allegations [WATCH]BOMBSHELL document blows apart Harman's Boris partygate probe [LISTEN]Sneering lefties claim Truss 'ignoring' Brexit  [INSIGHT] Along with the map, he wrote: “My map shows (at least) the southern part of the town under Russian control after invasion forces shorty withdrew and later came back on Monday due to the Ukrainian counteroffensive”. Over the last few weeks, Ukrainian forces have been attempting to conduct a counter-offensive to retake control over the region. Last week Ukraine claimed they have taken out a few bridges that resulted in a great impact on the Russian supply lines to the Kherson region as part of their counter-attack campaign. In reference to the Ukrainian counteroffensive, advisor to President Zelensky Oleksiy Arestovych also updated on the campaign and said that Ukrainian forces “have broken through the [Russian] frontline in several places” in the Kherson region. In the details he provide in relation to the operation, he said that the move was conducted in just “a few hours”. READ NEXT: Boris outrage at comments about buying a kettle - here's what he saidLiz Truss urged to declare energy independenceHomeowner left in tears after 'men broke into house to install meter'Migrants deported days after arriving in the UK'Festival of Brexit' FARCE: £120m project falls flat 