Manchester United chief John Murtough has spoken out following Antony's blockbuster £84million move to Old Trafford. The Brazil international's move to the club has now been completed on transfer deadline day. And the Red Devils are hopeful the 22-year-old can be a key player for many years to come. Manchester United appeared to cool interest in Antony earlier in the transfer window, having initially deemed the Brazil international too expensive. But the Samba star has now moved to Old Trafford, in a deal that makes him the second most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history. Speaking after his move was made official, Antony told the Red Devils’ official website: “This is an incredible moment in my career to be joining one of the most iconic clubs in the world. “I’m thankful to everyone who has believed in me, especially my family, and all my coaches and team-mates, because I could not have got here without them. “Playing under Erik ten Hag at Ajax was perfect for me and my development. Man Utd transfers: Glazers ready to back Ten Hag with biggest call of all “His style of football and coaching brings out the best in me, and I am excited by what he has told me about his plans and ambitions in Manchester. “My time at Ajax was fantastic and I will always be grateful for the trust they put in me. “But now I am ready for the next challenge, and I can’t wait to join my new team-mates and play my part in bringing success to Manchester United.” John Murtough was the man who helped broker the deal for Antony. And he also spoke out, expressing a belief the Samba star was the perfect signing for the club and the way Ten Hag wants them to play. DON’T MISSWhat Ten Hag has told his players about the GlazersThe Glazers have five reasons to sell Man UtdFernandes sends strong message after Ten Hag destroyed him “Antony is one of the most exciting young talents in European football and has exactly the right profile for the attacking, dynamic team Erik is building,” he stated. “We have been especially impressed by his desire to join Manchester United, and to be part of a long-term project to get the club back to the levels of performance we all expect.” Ten Hag didn’t speak to club media about Antony. However, at his press conference on Wednesday, the Dutchman opened up on what the former Ajax star would bring to the squad. "Offensively we need to strengthen our squad, because we have many games to cover,” said the 52-year-old. Want the new Man Utd shirt? Click here to buy it. “From now on we go three games a week, every three or four days. "As you know, offensive players fatigue more quickly because they have to run more at high intensity. “We expect that from them with our way of play, so we need more numbers but not only numbers, we need quantity as well as quality.” United are also poised to sign Martin Dubravka from Newcastle. And Ten Hag claims their business is likely done, adding: "I think so. "For this window it will be the end. But when there is great opportunity you have to always be alert as a top club." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here