As the Prince of Wales is stepping in to attend the Braemar Games in Scotland this week in place of the ailing Queen, aged 96, he announced on his social media account the exciting news. Writing on the Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall's official Twitter account, the post said: "Introducing baby boy Ubwuzuzanye! "As part of this year’s @kwitaizina ceremony in Rwanda, The Prince of Wales is delighted to have been asked to name a baby mountain gorilla." The 73-year-old Prince had been invited to christen the four-month-old male gorilla by the Rwanda Development Board for the annual Kwita Izina Gorilla Naming Ceremony on Friday. The name is inspired by the environment and is inspired by environmental action, which has been a long-standing goal of the heir to the throne. In a virtual address at the ceremony, Charles said he was "most touched" to be asked for the historic tradition as he revealed the name. He said: "The name I give him is Ubwuzuzanye, which means 'harmony,' since the restoration of harmony and balance between nature, people and planet is the most critical issue facing humanity that we must tackle with extreme urgency. "Otherwise these, and other magnificent creatures and their precious habitats, will be lost forever."  Earlier in his remarks, Charles spoke about his royal visit to Rwanda in June, saying it was a pleasure to learn more about the country's conservation efforts to protect future generations of wildlife. It comes as his youngest son, Prince Harry, and his wife Meghan Markle are set to return to the UK for an event in Manchester on Monday. Tensions between father and son have been strained since the couple left the UK and stepped back from their roles as senior members of the Firm. The gorilla-naming ceremony has taken place in Rwanda for 17 years now, after it began in 2005. The tradition itself dates back hundreds of years and was established to celebrate the birth of the rare mountain gorillas, as well as to help conservationists track each individual primate and their groups in their natural habitat.  Since the Kwita Izina ceremonies began back in 2005, about 239 mountain gorillas have been given names. Considered a 'critically endangered species', the adorable creatures are only found in three countries across four national parks. "Kwita Izina is a huge source of pride for all Rwandans," Dr. Tara Stoinski, President and CEO/Chief Scientific Officer at DFGFI, told National Geographic in 2020. "It gives worldwide attention to the considerable achievements of the government and people in protecting mountain gorillas. At a time when conservation success stories are so few, what has happened here is truly remarkable, and highlights what can be accomplished when there is long-term investment and leadership in conservation." 