Newcastle United have been exploring the possibility of signing as many as three players before tonight's all-important 11pm deadline, according to reports. The Magpies have already spent heavily to improve their ranks over the course of this summer, with Alexander Isak joining as their newest recruit for a club-record transfer fee earlier this month. Those in power at St James' Park are seemingly eager to keep adding to their squad until this evening's cut-off point, though, as they look to secure a top-half finish in the Premier League this season. They have been reaching out with regards to potential deadline-day moves for Ainsley-Maitland Niles, Denis Zakaria and Harrison Ashby in the hope of signing at least one of them on loan, according to the Daily Mail.It is said that 'calls have been made' by Newcastle regarding all three players over the last few days, but it remains to be seen whether any deals can be agreed by the Tyneside outfit before the end of the window. Maitland-Niles is reportedly closing in on a temporary move to Southampton, with Fabrizio Romano having claimed that the Arsenal outcast completed a medical with his prospective new club on Thursday morning.Zakaria, meanwhile, has been tentatively linked with a move to the Premier League for a number of years and is being targeted by Newcastle after failing to establish himself as a first-choice midfield option for Juventus. The prospect of Zakaria joining the Magpies is understood to be slim, though, which suggests that Eddie Howe will need to look elsewhere in order to strengthen in the engine room before the end of the day. JUST IN: Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name price Newcastle have also been credited with a desire to land West Ham right-back Ashby in order to fill the void left by Emil Krafth's long-term cruciate ligament injury. The 20-year-old has broken into the Hammers' first-team squad this season and is only tied down at the London Stadium until the end of the current campaign.Ashby is not yet guaranteed a starting spot at West Ham, though, due to additional competition from the likes of Ben Johnson and Vladimir Coufal in the right-back area. A temporary move to Newcastle could be an attractive proposition for the young defender as he looks to earn regular minutes, while his arrival at St James' Park would solve a major problem for the Magpies in replacing Krafth.Newcastle boss Howe recently admitted that he is not expecting any more players to join the club before tonight's deadline but stopped short of explicitly ruling out the possibility of adding to his squad over the next few hours. "I don't expect to be, to be honest," Howe told reporters when quizzed on whether Newcastle will be active on the final day of business."We're very pleased with the business we've done. The injuries we have we believe to be short-term so there might be a bit of short-term pain around the squad."Longer-term, when those bodies are back, we're very strong. That's not to say we're totally closed off. We're obviously still looking but I don't expect any major business to be done." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here