Chelsea have made an approach to PSV Eindhoven over signing midfielder Ibrahim Sangare, according to reports. Chelsea are hopeful of adding to their midfield before the transfer window shuts at 11pm tonight. Thomas Tuchel has already spent over £250million on new signings so far this summer. The German still wants to recruit in attack, with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang the No 1 target. However, midfield is also an area that Tuchel is keen to add bodies to. Reports on Wednesday claimed Chelsea had made an offer for Ajax star Edson Alvarez. And now Sangare's name can be added to the mix. The Mail says Chelsea have made an approach to PSV regarding the Ivory Coast international. Sangare was of interest to Chelsea earlier in the window but they retreated after the player signed a new contract at PSV to extend his stay at the Dutch club until 2027. But it appears they are back in the market for the 24-year-old. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  Sangare has previously been dubbed 'N'Golo Kante's heir' at Chelsea. Kante has struggled with injury problems in recent seasons and has not featured since the 2-2 draw against Tottenham due to a hamstring issue. At 31, Chelsea may well be looking to bring in a long-term replacement for Kante. And it looks like Sangare could be that player. Mateo Kovacic returned from his injury as a substitute in Tuesday's 2-1 loss at Southampton. But Tuchel wants a defensive midfielder to protect his back three. Sangare started his professional career at French club Toulouse. After 86 appearances he moved to PSV in September 2020 and has already featured 96 times for the Eredivisie side. DON'T MISSMan Utd chief John Murtough could make three signings by 11pm deadlineFour players Chelsea could sign before 11pm transfer deadlineArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'  Sangare has scored eight goals so far for PSV and has won 24 caps for his country since making his debut in 2015. If he were to join before tonight's 11pm deadline, he would follow seven other new players to have signed for the Blues this summer. Wesley Fofana was the latest through the door, completing his initial £70million move on Wednesday. Chelsea also want to add to their frontline. A deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is reportedly close to completion. The Blues are set to send Marcos Alonso in the opposite direction to Barcelona as part of the transfer. Aubameyang would not be fit to play for a number of weeks following the broken jaw he suffered when his house was broken into in the early hours of Monday.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here