Former BBC Breakfast host Bill Turnbull has died aged 66 after a battle with cancer. The presenter was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2017 - forcing him to temporarily step down from Classic FM radio show. Bill's family released a candid statement following his cancer diagnosis as they confirmed he died on August 31. The Classic FM host was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2017 and had shared insight with fans about his health woes on-screen and in various documentaries. A statement from his family said: "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31st August. "Bill was diagnosed in 2017 and has had outstanding medical care from the Royal Marsden and Ipswich Hospitals, St Elizabeth Hospice and his GP. READ MORE: Bill Turnbull: Classic FM star on 'bumpy' cancer journey "He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck. It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease. "Bill will be remembered by many as a remarkable broadcaster who brought warmth and humour into people's homes on BBC Breakfast and Classic FM. "He was also a devoted Wycombe Wanderers fan and an ever-aspiring beekeeper. Bill was a wonderful husband and father to his three children; his family and friends will miss how he always made them laugh, and the generosity and love he shared with those around him." Bill had vowed to fight his cancer and vowed last month: "I'm not going to let it win". The news of the veteran broadcaster's death was announced live on air by hosts Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt. She said: “Our friend, our former colleague, a breakfast presenter many of you will be familiar with, Bill Turnbull who we have just had the news has died after suffering with prostate cancer.” Charlie read out a statement from Bill’s family as Naga added: “Of course all of us here sending love and support to Bill’s family, to his wife. “I think today, once we get over the shock of this, we will start to remember the really funny things that Bill did. “When I presented with him, his energy was amazing, he came into this programme and threw everything at it. “Every single day he was funny when we sat here on the sofa, he was a brilliant journalist, and he loved this programme and loved serving you the audience. “I’m sure you will miss him but we certainly will too.”  Tributes have been pouring in for the beloved presenter including his BBC Breakfast colleagues. Jon Kay wrote: "So very sad to hear this news. Bill was an absolute gent - respected and loved by everyone at #BBCBreakfast over many many years. Thinking of his lovely family." Steph McGovern commented: "Absolutely gutted that our Bill Turnbull has passed away. "A fantastic broadcaster and a brilliant friend….I learnt so much from him. And we had some cracking arguments about how you should pronounce words like ‘poor'. We all loved him.#RIPBill." Piers Morgan tweeted: "RIP Bill Turnbull, 66. One of the best broadcasters in Britain, and such a smart, funny, warm & generous-spirited man. Fought his illness with typical stoicism, courage and humour. Bill made presenting live TV look so effortless, which was his great talent. Such sad news." Dan Walker wrote: "Bill Turnbull was so kind and generous when I took over from him on BBC Breakfast. He was full of brilliant advice and it was clear just how loved he was by his colleagues and the audience. It was an honour to sit on his sofa. "My thoughts are with his family and friends." Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid penned: "Bill was the kindest, funniest, most generous man in the business. I feel lucky to have worked with him and he taught me everything. "But above all, he was devoted to his family and I am heartbroken for them. RIP Bill. We will miss you so much." Sian Williams said: "Goodbye, Billy. The kindest, most generous of presenters. A wonderful friend for 30 years. And a man devoted to his family. All thoughts and love with them. "You will be so, so missed - thank you for the laughter and friendship xx." The official BBC Breakfast Twitter page also issued a statement, writing: "Former BBC Breakfast presenter Bill Turnbull has died. He was 66. He was loved by our viewers. He was loved by his colleagues. Bill will always be remembered for his warmth, humour and being a brilliant journalist." Mike Bushell commented: "We are numb, devastated by the passing of dear friend and former colleague #billturnbull @BBCBreakfast legend, my mentor 20 years ago, incredible talent to move from the harder news of the day to lighter stories with his clever wit warmth, our love, thoughts with his family." In a follow-up post, he added: "One of my favourite days since first meeting Billy when he helped me find my feet on the Breakfast sofa was a day out to watch him commentating on his beloved @wwfcofficial against @lufc 2009. He was brilliant at everything he did and most importantly the most wonderful company." Former BBC Breakfast presenter Louise Minchin shared a series of heartfelt photos with Bill, as she penned a touching tribute. She wrote: "Sending my love and thoughts to the family of my wonderful friend Bill Turnbull. He was a brilliant journalist, a stickler for accuracy, passionate about @BBCBreakfast and a fabulously supportive and kind team player. Most of all he was great fun, I love how he made me laugh."  Bill had bravely spoken out about his diagnosis and said previously he felt "very calm" about facing death. The veteran presenter hosted BBC Breakfast for 15 years until his departure in 2016. He became a household favourite as he presented each morning alongside his fellow hosts, including Sian Williams, Susanna Reid, Kate Silverton, Natasha Kaplinsky and Louise Minchin. After his departure, he hosted a show on Classic FM and had spots on Songs of Praise and the game show Think Tank. Before working on BBC Breakfast, Bill was a reporter on Radio 4's Today, Radio 5 Live and BBC News 24, as the news channel was then known. He appeared as a contestant on an early series of Strictly Come Dancing, finishing in sixth place with his partner Karen Hardy. Recently, he guest-presented episodes of The One Show and reunited with Susanna Reid for several editions of ITV's Good Morning Britain. After his cancer diagnosis was made public, he fronted a documentary for Channel 4 called Bill Turnbull: Staying Alive, in which he explored the use of cannabis oil for medicinal purposes. In November 2017, the broadcaster took part in a celebrity edition of The Great British Bake Off - which was in aid of a charity, Stand Up to Cancer. He found out about his prostate cancer during filming.