Although Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom came to an end with season five in March the stars continue to reflect on filming the instalment ahead of its upcoming feature film. Eysteinn Sigurðarson who portrayed Sigtryggr paid a touching tribute to Uhtred star Alexander Dreymon.  The Last Kingdom became a global phenomenon after Netflix picked up the show after the first two seasons initially premiered on BBC Two. As a result, fans were left enthralled as they tuned in each week to watch Uhtred (played by Alexander Dreymon) attempt to reclaim his ancestral home of Babbenburg. The show was the onscreen adaptation of Bernard Cornwell’s hit novel series, the Saxon Stories. Uthred’s adventure, which lasted the course of five seasons was sparked by his upbringing as he was born a Saxon and raised a Dane. READ MORE: Emmerdale's Belle Dingle pregnant as fans 'work out' Mackenzie fling  The warrior grappled with two identities as both sides were at war and he never felt like he wholly belonged. Viking warlord Sigtryggr Ivarsson who was also known as Sigtryggr the One-Eyed was introduced to viewers in season four. He became Uhtred's son-in-law through his marriage to Stiorra (Ruby Hartley) and eventually was a favourite among fans. Sigtryggr star Eysteinn Sigurðarson reflected on filming the show and working alongside Alexander Dreymon.    Speaking to Netflix, the actor spoke on his character’s relationship with Uhtred. He stated: “I’d say Sigtryggr has a very loving relationship with his father-in-law Uhtred, son of Uhtred. “From the start, in the books, Bernard Cornwell just paints this picture of mutual respect from the moment they meet.” Eysteinn continued: “So it’s just been a pleasure to play that with Alex, and have that mutual respect and love.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale heartbreak for Sam Dingle as he's forced to face death drama [THEORY]The Last Kingdom film: Is Stiorra pregnant with Sigtryggr's children? [THEORY]The Last Kingdom star praises ‘phenomenal’ Alexander Dreymon [INSIGHT]    “These are two men that care for each other and respect each other,” he concluded. The pair also worked together on the second episode of the final instalment, which marked Alexander’s directorial debut. Eysteinn made sure to also praise his co-star for starring the in the episode and for his work behind the scenes. He stated: “We were doing a scene that Alex was acting in as well, and I was just like in awe, seeing this man, in his Uhtred costume, he’s got his sword on his back, but he’s also holding an iPad and he’s trying to decide how we’re going to shoot this scene.”   Expressing his admiration, the actor added: “I was just like, ‘Wow, that’s amazing.’ “That level of focus. And also, you know, it was really nice because he’s a close friend, and for him to be able to ask me for what he wanted. “What he needed for the scene, and me obviously wanting to be able to give that, you know, it was great. Love Alex.” As Sigtryggr’s story came to an end after he was killed by Uhtred, it's unlikely he will make an appearance in the show’s upcoming film, Seven Kings Must Die. The Last Kingdom seasons 1-5 are available on Netflix.