It’s been five years since Vin Diesel resurrected his extreme athlete turned spy In xXx3: Return of Xander Cage. The Fast and Furious actor had starred in the original before supposedly being killed off and replaced by Ice Cube in 2005’s xXx: State of the Union. Since then, Diesel has been planning on making xXx 4, with a new report claiming the project is still in development. Giant Freakin Robot’s trusted and proven sources say that not only is the star returning but also most likely the villain of the upcoming Fast and Furious 10 aka Fast X with him. That’s none other than Aquaman himself, Jason Momoa, who played Khal Drogo in Game of Thrones. The outlet reported: “We hear that Vin Diesel had such a good connection with the Aquaman actor during the production of the upcoming Fast X movie that he wants to bring him aboard one of his other franchises, and it is certain that Diesel is not afraid to add yet another large, muscular man to one of his film projects.” xXx fans are also hopeful that Bollywood star Deepika Padukone will return after the third outing. Back in 2019, Diesel teased on his Instagram with some Xander Cage fan art: “Appreciate the creativity…How ironic that I had a Xander Cage meeting. Each Franchise has their respective beautiful Family. Blessed.” And one of the hashtags was #deepikapadukone which got fans particularly excited. READ MORE: Deepika Padukone reveals what filming Return of Xander Cage was like Given that Diesel has been busy shooting Fast X for a 2023 release and the 11th and final instalment of the Fast and Furious franchise is yet to follow in 2024, he’s certainly very busy. Perhaps the 55-year-old will get to work on xXx 4 in 2024 for a 2025 release once the car series has concluded. The third film’s director DJ Caruso seems keen to return for a fourth outing after teasing his vision for the movie. DON'T MISSFast and Furious 10: Justin Lin quits as director just days into shoot [FAST X]Fast and Furious 9 review: Brilliant action makes up for naff script [FAST 9]Paul Walker death: Fast and Furious star said final words to friend [PAUL WALKER] Speaking previously with Cinema Blend, DJ Caruso said: “I think there’s a bigger ‘they’re’ at play that we talked about. We also talked about, particularly with the political climate as it is now, not that we’re such a hugely political movie, but Sam [Jackson] talks about how we need someone to watch the watchers... So that’s kind of the idea with the next one. And then, if we can expand on that, what would the world leaders do if they know that these were the people watching the watchers?” SOURCE: GIANT FREAKIN ROBOT