Fernando Alonso interrupted one of Lewis Hamilton’s pre-race interviews for the Dutch Grand Prix to ask about the signed cap that the Mercedes driver suggested he would send to him on Instagram. It looks as if the seven-time world champion obliged with the Spaniard pictured proudly showing off a new hat alongside the Brit. Tensions between the pair were high last weekend after they collided during last Sunday’s Belgian Grand Prix. The incident brought an impassioned reaction from the Alpine driver who called Hamilton an ‘idiot’ and claimed the seen-time champion only knows how to race from first position in an angry tirade to his pit wall. The Brit, who was sent airborne and forced to retire from the race as a result of the damage suffered, responded post-race by saying he didn’t care what Alonso had to say. He later joked about the crash on Instagram, posting a picture of a signed cap addressed to Fernando. However, it now appears that the pair have buried the hatchet with the Alpine man interrupting one of the British driver’s pre-race interviews with Formula One journalist Chris Medland to jokingly ask where his cap was. Hamilton was happy to play along with the pair later pictured together with Alonso proudly displaying his new accessory. READ MORE: Toto Wolff claims Mercedes will make a 'step forward' with new upgrade The development comes after the Spanish driver used his own media time earlier on Thursday to apologise for his language in the cockpit the weekend prior. However, he also used the opportunity to stress his belief that he felt the situation had been overblown. "It has been made a huge thing," the two-time world champion said when asked if he regretted his comments. "First of all it is Lewis, he is a champion, a legend of our time and then when you say something - and I am sorry to repeat this - against a British driver, there is a huge media involvement after that. "They have been saying a lot of things to Checo [Sergio Perez], to Carlos [Sainz], to me - if you say something to a Latin driver, everything is a bit more fun. If you say it to Lewis it is a bit more serious. DON'T MISSMercedes reveal reason Lewis Hamilton is quicker than Charles Leclerc [INSIGHT]Wolff hints at 'learnings' Hamilton can use to advantage at Zandvoort [COMMENT]Mercedes reveal true extent of Lewis Hamilton crash and provide update [ANALYSIS] "But yes, I apologise. I feel... I am not thinking about what I said. There was not much to blame in that moment, to be honest, looking at the replays because it was the first lap and we are all very close together. "The heat of the moment and the adrenaline of the moment, finally fighting for top two, top three, made me say those comments that I should not say. But at the same time, and as I said after the race, I said it was a racing incident in my opinion." It appears the former McLaren team-mates are now on good terms again less than a week after their collision. They will both be looking for a positive result at Zandvoort this weekend in the 15th race of the 2022 Formula One season.