 Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is a benefit payment designed to assist people under the state pension age with the additional expenses arising from having a long-term disability or illness. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) announced last week that the Disability Cost of Living payment will be paid from September 20.     The vast majority of those eligible are expected to receive their one-off payment within a couple of weeks by the beginning of October. Around six million Britons will be paid the £150 support payment. Due to PIP being the DWP’s main disability benefit payment, claimants will be eligible to claim this support. Other groups which are likely to receive the £150 include those claiming Disability Living Allowance, Attendance Allowance, Adult/Child Disability Payment, Armed Forces Independence Payment, Constant Attendance Allowance, and War Pension Mobility Supplement. READ MORE: Single mum’s money saving tip could save £3,500     To qualify for this extra support, recipients must have been eligible and claimed PIP or another qualifying benefit on May 25, 2022. For those awaiting confirmation of their disability benefits on May 25, or who are waiting to be assessed for eligibility to receive disability benefits, the process may take longer but payments will still be automatic. It should be noted that if someone gets this cost of living payment and they are found to be ineligible for it later on, they may have to pay it back. The payment comes as part of a package of support unveiled by former Chancellor Rishi Sunak earlier this year to ease the cost of living pressures.   The DWP states it “acknowledges” the higher disability-related costs disabled Britons often face which is why the payment is being made. Chloe Smith, minister for disabled people, health and work said: “We know disabled people can face additional costs, which is why we are acting to help reduce the financial pressures on the most vulnerable. “This £150 disability payment is on top of the £1,200 most low income benefit claimants will also receive and alongside wider support targeted at disabled people, including help with transport and prescription costs. “We know it’s a worrying time for some people and I’d urge them to check they are getting all the support on offer by searching Help for Households.” READ MORE: Carer, 66, ‘lived hand to mouth’ after state pension age changes    According to DWP statistics, in April of this year, there were three million people in the UK who claimed PIP. PIP is paid for both physical or mental health conditions or disabilities and is paid at two rates, depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition. These consist of the “daily living” component and the “mobility component”. The standard weekly rate currently sits at £61.85 for the daily living component and at £24.45 for the mobility.     The enhanced weekly rate sits at £92.40 for daily living and £64.50 for mobility. The daily living component is for extra help with everyday tasks such as preparing food, washing, getting dressed or communicating with other people. The mobility component is for the extra help people may need for getting around and includes things such as moving, planning a journey or following a route. If a person is eligible for both enhanced payments then they could claim up to £627.60 each month. To be eligible, individuals must have a health condition or disability where they have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months or that they expect these difficulties to continue for at least nine months.   