Leeds have been told that time is not on their side to bolster Jesse Marsch’s attacking options before the transfer deadline closes on Thursday. The American boss has claimed he is hoping to add another striker but he may not get his wish before the 11pm deadline. Leeds have been eyeing a late deal for Flamengo striker Pedro, but transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that they are running out of time to complete a deal. “I’m told that the player they have been monitoring for a long time is Pedro from Flamengo, the Brazilian striker,” Romano said. “But the problem with South American transfers is the timing. Of course, now we’re close to the end of the window, so they need to be fast if they want to do a South American deal.” Marsch was hoping to bring in a forward before Rodrigo picked up an injury in the 1-0 defeat to Brighton on Saturday. The Spanish forward has been sent for a scan but could face several weeks out with a dislocated shoulder, though Patrick Bamford did return from his own injury at the American Express Community Stadium. “Striker, yes,” Marsch said at a press conference when asked about potential incomings to Elland Road before the transfer window closes. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace “How likely it is is dependent on how things play out and what availabilities are of players and we certainly don't have a surplus of big amounts of money to go out to spend and bring in a huge transfer, but I think we've done a good job of evaluating players that are of high interest to us. “Then we're waiting to see and having good communication with different clubs and agents and players to see if there might be flexibility and what their contracts are and what their situations are that we can still add a quality piece to what we're doing.” DON'T MISSTransfer deadline day done deals: Every Premier League moveArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline day Leeds may have been watching Flamengo’s Copa Libertadores semi-final first leg 4-0 win over Argentinian side Velez, where Pedro scored a hat-trick to take his side to the cusp of the final by stunning the Buenos Aires crowd. There is a chance that with the Brazilian side having one foot in the top South American competition final, Pedro may want to remain at Flamengo until the final on October 29. The 25-year-old striker has made the move to Europe previously, as he joined Italian side Fiorentina in 2019 but made just four Serie A appearances and failed to find the back of the net before he moved back to Brazil, but did earn a call-up to the national side in 2020 in a 1-0 win over Venezuela and has scored 64 goals since returning to Brazil.