Brendan Clarke-Smith, the Tory MP for Bassetlaw, Nottinghamshire, has written an open letter to Island Green Power, which is looking to build a solar farm the size of almost 500 football pitches.   They are looking to build it on land between the villages of Clayworth and Gringley on the Hill, reports Lincolnshire Live. It would form part of the 2550-acre West Burton Solar Project, with panels and cabling spanning from north Nottinghamshire, past West Burton A power station and into Saxilby. The junior education minister wrote to the developers to request the West Burton 4 proposal be "removed in its entirety" after 100 per cent of the site was found to be top-quality agricultural land. Initial reports indicated that only 19 per cent of the land in question was classed as the "best and most versatile" agricultural land, which is prioritised for the growing of crops. However, a renewed report released by the developers in July showed that 100 per cent of the land fell under the top classification. In his letter, Mr Clarke-Smith said that this meant it was now "not possible" for the West Burton 4 site to go ahead without having a "negative impact" on the land. A campaign alliance group was set up in January to raise awareness of potential food shortages in the UK, a concern that Mr Clarke-Smith shared. He wrote: "The occupation of the land for 40 years is also likely to have more than a generation of change in terms of the prospects of using the site for agricultural purposes and this comes as the world faces up to the harsh realities of global food production shortages." He also referred to a recent decision made by the planning inspectorate in June, where plans for what would become an 86-acre solar farm were rejected in Cawston, Norfolk "for a similar reason". Of the 86 acres, 32 were classed as "best and most versatile land". "If this is the case, then surely the 100 per cent of BMV land at West Burton 4, a 616-ace site, would also be unacceptable," he wrote. The second and final consultation period for the West Burton project closed on July 27. A separate, extended consultation period was implemented to give residents a chance to feed back on the revelations about the soil quality. It closed on Tuesday, August 23. Mr Clarke-Smith, who previously likened the widespread purchasing of land to a "wild-west-style gold rush," has been joined in his opposition to the plans by Rutland MP Alicia Kearns, Gainsborough MP Sir Edward Leigh, and Bassetlaw District Council's Labour leader Simon Greaves. Express Online has contacted Island Green Power for a comment.