Cleaning window glass can be a headache, with certain products or too much water running the risk of smears and smudges no matter how much you clean. Kim Woodburn is known best for her household cleaning tips and tricks, and when it comes to achieving a streak-free shine, the expert has an "amazing", low-cost trick up her sleeve. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Kim revealed there is a simple household product which is her go-to for cleaning glass around the home. She said: "The one thing I recommended is vinegar mixed with warm water, it’s amazing for cleaning windows." White vinegar, in particular, is hailed for its multi-purpose uses around the home, especially when it comes to surfaces prone to smudges and smears. The acidic composition of vinegar makes it an efficient natural solution to break down the kind of film that frequently accumulates on glass surfaces. READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid It's a cleaning solution recommended by multiple experts, including Adam Pawson, head of digital at Safestyle UK. He said: "Smears on windows can be very frustrating and ruin the appearance of your property but there are plenty of ways to ensure that they disappear. "I’d recommend using a spray consisting of one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts warm water which can be applied directly to a cloth before being rubbed evenly against the glass." For particularly grubby window glass, you may want to increase the amount of vinegar you use in your cleaning solution. However, when putting this hack into action, it's crucial to ensure you are using the right type of cloth. Mr Pawson explained: "Most importantly, make sure that you’re using microfibre or paper cloth to remove any dust before you begin." You should make sure to wipe down the window with a soft, clean, lint-free microfibre cloth, paper towel or newspaper to get rid of any dust before you spray your solution, then spray the entire surface. Experts from Great Day Improvements added: "When you wash a window using a solution that contains vinegar, the results will almost always be free from streaks and sparkling clean." DON'T MISSProperty expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid [COMMENT]Paint colours you should ‘avoid’ using in kitchens - ‘feels chaotic' [INSIGHT]Get your sink 'nice and shiny' with cheap cleaning hack [EXPLAINER] For sparkling glass, you should make sure to clean both the inside and outside of your windows. Begin by wiping away any dust on the surface using a lint-free, microfibre cloth. Next mix one part distilled white vinegar to 10 parts warm water and transfer the solution into a spray bottle. Moisten the window using the solution, and then use a little bit of elbow grease to clean the glass. Experts from Great Day Improvements also recommend using a squeegee to get rid of any streaks. They said: "Always dampen the squeegee first and clean from the top down, wiping the edge of the squeegee after every stroke." For any stubborn spots, try rubbing hard with a cloth dipped in undiluted vinegar, and then clean as normal. Make sure to completely wipe your windows dry using newspaper or a microfibre cloth.