The state pension triple lock is treasured by millions of pensioners as it is intended to protect their income in real terms. The mechanism sees the state pension rise annually by the highest of: 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. While once seen as a foregone conclusion, the triple lock was thrown into doubt this year as it was temporarily scrapped. The Government decided instead to implement a double lock due to warped earnings data as a result of COVID-19, which could have seen the payment rise by eight percent. However, this move has made people question whether a similar action could take place in the future, especially given ongoing financial pressures. It is a looming question for whoever becomes the next Prime Minister, with the decision being made and announced on Monday. READ MORE: Pension warning as ‘millions’ face income cut of up to 20 percent Both Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss have previously voiced their commitment to the triple lock, which may prove a sigh of relief for pensioners. Millions have seen the real terms value of their state pension income drop as a result of inflation, and will be banking on the return of the triple lock next year. The state pension is expected to rise by a double figure percentage as inflation continues to soar, providing a bumper boost for older people. However, experts have questioned the policy’s longevity, and what decision whoever becomes Prime Minister will have to make. DON'T MISSBank of England alert: Less than a month before paper £20 notes expire [INSIGHT]Martin Lewis' MSE points towards top 3.5% interest rate deal [ANALYSIS]State pension warning as Britons face £315 shortfall - ‘not doable!' [UPDATE] Jon Greer, head of retirement policy at Quilter, said: “Truss will struggle to balance the books if she wants to stay true to the Tory manifesto of keeping the triple lock in years to come in light of soaring inflation and her desire to not add any other taxes and slash existing ones. “This ultimately will throw into question how the incoming social care reforms will also be funded. “Something may have to give. “Pensioners up and down the country will be hoping that it doesn’t start with the triple lock.” READ MORE: Money saving Mum cuts £650 off daily shop by 'doubling up' If a state pension rise of 8.3 percent had been implemented this year, pensioners would have seen the full new state pension rise to £194.50 a week, instead of the actual £185.15 sum they actually received. Over the course of a year, this adds up to £486.20 in lost pension. Some have asserted it is unfair pensioners will lose money as well as all future growth as a result of the decision. Andrew Tully, technical director at Canada Life, recently told Express.co.uk that while the state pension triple lock appears “sustainable, for now”, it is not certain. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is due to the spiralling costs for the Treasury, particularly given the cost of living crisis and pandemic recovery. He added: “The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has said previously that each percentage point on the state pension costs around £900million. “So a 11 percent increase would cost the Government about £10billion, just for next year. “It’s worth remembering the state pensions of today’s retirees are paid for from the tax receipts of today’s workers. “The Government will have a tricky fiscal balancing act to ensure the state pension continues to be funded while promises of tax cuts are being bandied about.”