The man and woman from Middlewich are now having to fork out £460 court bills after they were caught using televisions without a TV licence. This is almost three times the cost of the BBC licence fee of £159 for the year. The couple in their 30s and 40s were caught in December 2021 and January 2022 Warrington Magistrates Court heard. The pair had their cases proved in their absence and ordered to pay £220 each plus a further £205 in court costs and £34 surcharge. The BBC licence fee was cancelled by more than a quarter of a million more people last year as more and more Britons refused to pay the controversial fee. The number of UK residents declaring they did not require a licence hit 1.96 million in 2021 to 2022, according to the BBC’s own figures.  READ MORE: New savings account is launching and customers could win £10,000 That’s a quarter of a million (270,000) more people than usual - however there could be a number of reasons for this. One factor why the BBC saw more cancellations could be that Britons have been struggling to find the money to pay for bills during the cost of living crisis. Another likely factor is that more and more people are watching streaming services like YouTube and Netflix and no longer watching live TV so they don’t need a licence. However, this latest case highlights that Britons need to think twice before cancelling their TV licence.   DON'T MISSThis kitchen appliance will CUT your energy bill – save £307 [ALERT]Universal Credit: DWP confirms when £324 cost of living payment is due [UPDATE]Cost of living payment: Who will be paid in September? [INSIGHT]'Everything has gone up!' Britons struggle to afford price rises [WARNING] Who needs a TV licence? Britons who only watch Netflix and YouTube don’t need a licence. Blind or severely sight impaired people are entitled to a 50 percent reduction from TV licensing. Residents in care homes that have ARC schemes have to pay a concessionary rate of £7.50, while those over-75s in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. READ MORE: 10 tips: How to avoid giving children a huge inheritance tax bill   People can go to tvlicensing.co.uk to find out more about whether they are eligible for a refund or discount. Meanwhile, thousands of pensioners over 75-years-old are missing out on a free TV licence because they aren’t claiming pension credit. Nearly one million (850,000) Britons are thought to be entitled to this state benefit but aren’t claiming according to Government figures. Britons can go to Gov.uk and answer a few simple questions to see if they qualify for extra support.   How to get a refund on your TV licence: On the TV Licensing website it says: “Please check you won’t need your licence again before it expires. “That means you won’t ever be watching TV live on any channel or service, or using BBC iPlayer. “If we approve your refund, your licence will be cancelled automatically.” 