Susanna Reid has made her Good Morning Britain return following a summer break and has revealed she is eager to talk to the new Prime Minister, whether that be Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss, on the crippling bills affecting people across the nation. The journalist wants to press them on the cost of living crisis with Martin Lewis for Martin's Money Mondays on the ITV news programme. Lewis, who is dubbed the Money Saving Expert, will start the week on Good Morning Britain with Reid and they will insight viewers on the state of inflation while also "holding politicians to account". The segment will run every Monday in September, with Reid describing Lewis as the "hero we all need right now". Reflecting on inflation to the Press Association, Reid exclaimed: “It is the one thing that everybody is talking about, thinking about, worrying about, concerned about. “People need answers and what I think is so perfect about Martin being on the show on a Monday is that even if the politicians can’t provide answers, Martin always has suggestions, always has solutions." READ MORE: Shetland's Jimmy to leave with Meg as fans 'work out' replacement She continued: “I know that he personally feels like he is running out of options, but at least you know with Martin you’re not just getting somebody who is going to ask the right questions but he’s also got all this information at his fingertips." She branded Lewis a very analytical person who wants to go out of his way to assist those in need. "So it’s the perfect person at the perfect time," she insisted. Good Morning Britain viewers will remember Reid was praised for interviewing Boris Johnson on the ITV news programme earlier this year.  The 51-year-old pressed the Prime Minister on the cost of living crisis and wants to do the same to the next leader of the nation. She said there is an open invitation for the next Prime Minister to appear on the show. Reid added: “We always want to hear from those in charge. “I personally send that invitation to whoever the next prime minister is, as soon as they are in position because our viewers will want to know exactly what their plans are and we will want to interrogate them to make sure it all stands up."   DON'T MISS...'A wonderful life' Bill Turnbull's response to cancer diagnosis [UPDATE]Susanna Reid shares touching tribute to 'wise' Bill Turnbull [TRIBUTE]BBC Breakfast confirms tribute to Bill Turnbull with Reid and Minchin  [LATEST] Lewis, who sometimes hosts Good Morning Britain alongside a co-presenter, is no stranger to interviewing politicians. He told the Press Association he would “analyse, explain and interrogate the package that has not been announced yet”. “It mirrors what we had in the pandemic," the 50-year-old said. "The impact on people’s home lives by the cost of living crisis is a mirror to the impact the pandemic had on many people’s home lives. “Sadly, the only way to get through this particular crisis for millions of people who are the poorest, most vulnerable will be through Government help."  He stressed how it is important the show hears from the people responsible for making decisions which will impact Britons. “It is both feeding back the public view to the politicians, which is something that I did with (then chancellor) Sunak during the pandemic, and also trying to explain to the public exactly what measures and help is available,” Lewis added. “Where that help isn’t sufficient, trying to push back whether in private or in public to make sure the help is there that is needed." Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays from 6am on ITV. 