Meghan has found herself in the public eye repeatedly over the last few weeks, as the Duchess broadcast the first two episodes of her podcast series and took part in an interview for US outlet The Cut. Writing on Twitter, commentator Dan Hodges put forward his opinion: "It’s actually quite funny how Meghan and Harry keep playing social media liberals for fools. They know they can come up with any old rubbish, and liberal opinion will have their backs." Her interview with The Cut saw Meghan discuss her and Prince Harry's decision to step back from the Royal Family and her continuing responsibilities as a public figure. Meghan told interviewer Allison P. Davis that she is "conscious" girls still see her as a "real life princess". She said: "It’s important to be thoughtful about it because — even with the Oprah interview, I was conscious of the fact that there are little girls that I meet and they’re just like, 'Oh my God, it’s a real-life princess.'" The Duchess added: "I just look at all of them and think, you have the power within you to create a life greater than any fairy tale you’ve ever read. "I don’t mean that in terms of 'You could marry a prince one day.' "I mean you can find love. You can find happiness. "You can be up against what could feel like the greatest obstacle and then you can find happiness again." Ms Davis noted Meghan's "ambitions for herself (and the little girls who look up to her) are more than to marry into a position." READ MORE: Meghan Markle embarrassed as Mariah Carey calls out Duchess In the first two episodes of her podcast, Meghan spoke with tennis player Serena Williams and pop star Mariah Carey. The first episode saw Meghan and Ms Williams Williams discuss motherhood, pregnancy, and the labels which try to limit women's capabilities. In the second episode, Ms Carey and the Duchess of Sussex explored the stereotype attached to the label "diva". Meghan has faced some criticism in the wake of her latest interview, with commentator Nile Gardiner saying "the tremendous grace and selflessness of the Duchess of Cambridge" are the "antithesis" of Meghan. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry seemingly makes dig at Royal Family in new interview [REVEAL] Piers Morgan 'sick' over Meghan Markle's 'princess' interview [REACTION] Royal Family Live: Meghan Markle takes 'punch' at Royal Family [LIVE] But others defended her, with another commentator, Natasha Devon, saying many people are "annoyed" by Meghan because she "took away their fantasy" of what being a princess is like. Ms Devon explained: "It is possible that so many women have this disneyfied idea of what it is to be a princess. "It's something that many, many girls internalise because of Disney more than because of the royal family. "They internalise it at a really young age, that that is the ultimate goal - that if you're a princess there could be nothing better." Speaking to LBC, she added: "To have lived it, to have experienced it, and to say to the public, actually it's not as great as you imagine - that, I think, is what annoyed everybody. "Because it's not just taking away the fantasy of Harry and Meghan, it's taking away their fantasy... What she did was she took away the fantasies of those women who had internalised the idea that to be a princess was to be the best thing ever. "And then Meghan Markle stood up and said 'actually you're wrong', and people couldn't deal with that fundamental challenge to their internal belief system. "Tell me I'm wrong."