Anne-Marie, 31, spoke earlier this year about the agonising moment she fell over at the BRIT Awards earlier this year. She admitted she thought her ankle was going to “fall off” during her live performance. The singer spoke in an interview from March, saying that as well as the embarrassment from falling, she experienced severe physical pain. It came as she fell while performing her song Don’t Play in front of a 20,000 large crowd at the O2. The singer was wearing a glittery red dress as she was walking down some stairs and briefly lost her footing, dropping to the floor. However, she got up and continued to sing, accompanied by chants and cheers from the crowd. READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role YouTuber KSI then joined her on-stage for the rest of the duet. Speaking to Cosmopolitan UK, she said: “The ankle’s alright! It’s not too bad. It’s better than what I thought it was going to be…I thought it was going to fall off, the direction it went in. "No, it’s OK. I’m surprised I was even able to walk and carry on the performance. "I was just really proud that I did that. Everyone was so nice about it. "Afterwards, I was so emotional because everyone was so positive about it and being kind to me, that I was actually crying more about that than crying about what actually happened.” The performer saw the amusing side of the incident and cracked a few jokes on Twitter at her own expense. She penned in view of her 1.1 million followers: "Didn't need my left ankle anyway." Fans on social media were indeed very supportive of the singer, and she even got support from Specsavers. DON'T MISS... Meghan squirms as Mariah Carey scrambles to defend Duchess 'dig' [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosis [UPDATE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments[ANALYSIS] Annemariesankle wrote: “Wow. Bit shaken up but I'm ok. Bit bruised but with a bit of ice should be fine xxx." She replied: "I AM DEAD." Specsavers also said to the star: "Your next visit’s on us x". To which Anne-Marie replied: "I'll be in touch." She then took to Twitter to post a picture of herself at the afterparty with the caption: "My fragile little ankle made it out to the after party but then punched me in the face for it later #payingforit #imsorryankle." Anne-Marie wasn’t the first to fall at the Brits, however, with Madonna famously taking a dive in 2015 after a wardrobe malfunction. Speaking after the fall at the time, Madonna said: “No more capes.”