Many pension pots have investments in energy firms, who are achieving record profits with the energy price cap now set at £3,549 from October. Express.co.uk has spoken to pensions experts about what this could mean for retired Britons who rely on their pension for their income. Independent trustee Richard Butcher is managing director of wealth management group, Zedra. He told Express.co.uk: “The large profits of energy companies doesn’t necessarily translate into higher payouts. “There are fundamentally two types of pension scheme: defined benefit (DB), which describes most old final salary schemes, and defined contribution (DC). “The large profits will likely make no difference to a member of a DB scheme as what they receive is a given amount of pension as opposed to an investment-related payment. READ MORE: DWP: Universal Credit and other benefit claimants set to get cash boost at Christmas “There is one exception to this - funding surpluses leading to discretionary additional pensions being paid - but they are extremely rare and the result of long term trends not short term events. “The profits will make a difference to a DC scheme member – their fund will generally be larger except that most members are in well diversified investment strategies (i.e. they hold a wide range of different assets) with the result that the profits of one may come at the expense of another.” A recent report by Bloomberg News, citing unpublished Treasury analysis, claims Britain's gas and electricity producers may make excess profits of up to £170billion over the next two years. A Treasury spokesperson said the department did not recognise the figures, with ministers wanting the oil and gas giants to reinvest their profits in the economy. DON'T MISS  Mr Butcher said: “It probably isn’t the best time to invest in an energy company now. This is because the market value of an asset (i.e. the price you buy or sell it at) changes to reflect their perceived value. “As these companies are making large profits the cost of buying them has increased. In other words, you’ve already missed the investment bus.” Russell Baird, senior investment solutions consultant at Aegon Asset Management, told Express.co.uk it would be “highly risky” for the average investor to invest in energy firms. He said: “Everyday pension policyholders are unlikely to see material benefit from the large profits currently being made. READ MORE: Council tax explained: Who is eligible for a reduction on their bill - check now “The average employee invests in their company’s defined contribution scheme on a regular monthly basis. “This is usually invested in a mix of shares and bonds in a wide variety of regions, industries and companies. As such, any impact is diluted. “Further, pensions are long-term investments and can’t be accessed until 55. Share prices are notoriously volatile and there is no guarantee that energy suppliers will always rise in value. “Trying to time such an investment would be highly risky for your average investor.” Energy cost analysts at Cornwall Insight have predicted the energy price cap will increase to £5,386.71 on January 1, 2023 and go up again to £6,616.37 on April 1, 2023. Jonathan Brearley, CEO of Ofgem, said: “The price of energy has reached record levels driven by an aggressive economic act by the Russian state. "They have slowly and deliberately turned off the gas supplies to Europe causing harm to our households, businesses and wider economy. “Ofgem has no choice but to reflect these cost increases in the price cap.”