The Duchess of Sussex has sparked fury after she detailed a conversation in which her royal wedding to Prince Harry was compared with the celebrations that followed the freeing of anti-apartheid activist Nelson Mandela. A grandson of the former South African President, Mandla Mandela, has spoken of his frustration as he feels the comparison “watered down” the historic achievements of his grandfather. Mr Mandela detailed his “surprise” at the parallel and declared the liberation of his grandfather should not be compared to “anyone's wedding”.    Speaking to Dan Wootton on GB News, Mr Mandela said: “I think, for us, our struggle for liberation was a culmination of many generations, almost four centuries, 350 years of colonialism, coupled with 60 years of a brutal apartheid regime in South Africa. “Witnessing Madiba [Nelson Mandela] being released on the 11th February 1990 was a real celebration of having been able to overcome our colonial powers but also overcome that brutal apartheid regime. “It was a real moment for South Africans to look back on the brutal past and the scars that we bared and to be able to come out in celebration of that victory. “It cannot be watered down and compared to a wedding, anyone's wedding. It cannot be reduced to that.”    In an exclusive interview with New York magazine The Cut, Meghan recounted the exchange in which the controversial comparison was made. The Duchess claimed she was pulled aside by a cast member at the 2019 premier of the live-action The Lion King and told of how South Africa “rejoiced” at her marriage to Prince Harry. Meghan said: “He said, ‘I just need to you know: When you married into this family, we rejoiced in the street the same we did when Mandela was freed from prison.’” Shortly after the quote, the author of the article added: “Of course, she knows she’s no Mandela.” Read more: Cambridges tipped to play 'royal hide and seek' during Sussexes' visit Mr Mandela said: “It has been a surprise for us that the royal couple, or at least Meghan Markle, can regard their wedding to be something similar to Madiba’s release.” Nelson Mandela served 27 years in prison for his resistance against the apartheid regime. The comments came after Prince Harry delivered a speech to the United Nations in celebration of Nelson Mandela day just last month. Opening his address, the Duke of Sussex said: “Having spent time with many of Mandela’s family members over the years, I speak to you today with humility, mindful of how much the man they loved means to so many.” Don't miss: Meghan 'trying to mess up Royal Family', Diana designer claims [REPORT]Meghan drops rare insight into how she parents Archie [INSIGHT]Prince Charles welcomed Meghan with love, says ANGELA EPSTEIN [COMMENT] Mr Mandela was asked if he had witnessed any celebrations in South Africa for the royal wedding to which he replied: “There was not any celebration on a large scale that we could compare to Madiba’s release.” He added: “If we are to even compare Madiba’s release to anything, it would be to the abolishment of slavery in 1836 and that is the only thing we can somewhat surmount what our struggle for liberation celebration could be compared to.” Dr John Kani, who claims he was the only South African cast member of the 2019 live-action film, told the MailOnline that he did not attend the London premiere. He suggested the report “must be a faux pas” by the Duchess as he added he was “baffled” by their claims of Meghan. Read next: Meghan caught in major U-turn after interview commentsCNN host voices disbelief at Meghan Markle's race understandingNow Lion King composer speaks out on Meghan Markle claim Should Meghan and Harry lose their titles? Here’s how YOU votedMeghan Markle and Prince Harry eye new 'eye-watering mega deals' 