Don Lemon said Meghan Markle was speaking "from a place of privilege" when she said her relationship with Harry led to more focus on her race than before in her most recent Spotify podcast with Mariah Carey. The American former actress was the first mixed-race person to marry a senior British royal in centuries when she wed Harry in 2018. The Duchess, who quit as a senior working royal two years ago, sparked a royal crisis with her Oprah interview in 2021 when she accused an unnamed member of the royal family of making a racist comment about her son Archie's skin tone before he was born. Mr Lemon said: "In some ways, she’s saying that she had privilege and so therefore it didn’t apply to her because it never happened to her. Right? "She was a mixed woman. People didn’t really know how to react to her. They didn’t know if she was black or white, but she didn’t get the full Black treatment because people weren’t sure that she was, you know, black. "I think most African-Americans probably looked at her and said, 'oh, I know that’s a black woman,' but I think the larger culture may not have realised that. "But [...] she is coming from is a place of privilege where she did not have to deal with racism until she married a white man. And she’s got all this criticism and all this attention. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's South African security describes Archie room fire "And suddenly she understood or understands what it’s like to be part of a group of people, especially women in this country or in Europe, who are discriminated against. So I think it was it was eye-opening for her. It’s certainly real." Meghan's latest comments came the day after an interview with The Cut in which she suggested her children had been referred to by the "N-word" by the media. Discussing the royal rota, the long-established press system that covers official events involving the monarchy, Meghan said: "Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child? "You tell me how that makes sense and then I'll play that game." Chatting with singer Carey in the Archetypes episode on divas, they discussed their mixed-race heritage, with the duchess saying: "It's very different because we're light-skinned. "You're not treated as a black woman. You're not treated as a white woman. You sort of fit in between. "I mean, if there's any time in my life that it's been more focused on my race, it's only once I started dating my husband. "Then I started to understand what it was like to be treated like a black woman, because up until then I had been treated like a mixed woman and things really shifted." DON'T MISS Queen health fears reignite as Charles paying 'highly-unusual' visits [INSIGHT]Meghan needs 'an intervention' after interview claims [VIDEO]Meghan in podcast exile as famous faces not 'queueing up to be on it' [ANALYSIS] Carey added: "But that's an interesting thing, a mixed woman, because I always thought it should be OK to say I'm mixed, like it should be OK to say that, but people want you to choose." Meghan replies: "Yes". Carey told Meghan about her childhood, saying: "I didn't fit in, it would be more of the black area of town, or then you could be where my mum chose to live... the more white neighbourhoods and I didn't fit in anywhere at all." Meghan replies: "Yeah. I understand that."