Popular cop family drama Blue Bloods is headed back to screens very soon for its highly anticipated 13th season. Known for their traditional and often fiery family dinners, Danny Reagan star Donnie Wahlberg has taken to Instagram and thrilled fans with a hilarious new clip of the CBS drama’s iconic leading man, Tom Selleck. Veteran TV star Tom has paid tribute to his own iconic ‘stache behind the scenes on the upcoming 13th season of Blue Bloods. The brand new instalment is set to premiere on CBS in October, and it remains one of the biggest scripted dramas in the network’s impressive catalogue. This week, Donnie treated fans to a sneak peek at the entire Reagan family, including his co-stars Will Estes and Bridget Moynahan. In his usual place at the head of the table, Tom waved at the camera, having polished off another delicious Reagan family feast. READ MORE: Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen steps in as children clash To keep safe between takes, the actor wore a facemask which was emblazoned with an image of the lower half of his own face, complete with Tom’s signature moustache. Donnie accompanied the video with an infamous interview clip from rapper Nicki Minaj, saying: “Who wants to look simple when you can look, you know, stunning?” He captioned the post with a tribute to his co-star, penning: “#TomSelleck = #Legend! #BlueBloods #family #dinner = #Legendary! Season 13 Coming soon! Let’s go!” Blue Bloods has become well-known for its family dinner scenes over more than a decade on screens. The Reagans frequently use this time to fight, reconcile, debate and deliver huge news, so each new dinner scene could be another potentially major event for the series. No details for this particular meeting have been revealed, though fans do know the next season will focus heavily on Erin’s (Bridget) District Attorney campaign. Meanwhile, Tom’s Commissioner Frank may have thrown himself under the bus after his verbal attack against the current New York DA, Kimberly Crawford (Roslyn Ruff). While fans have a little longer to wait to see how the drama plays out, they were thrilled by Donnie’s latest sneak peek at another Reagan dinner. DON'T MISS:The Capture star teases complex relationship with DI Carey [EXCLUSIVE]Raising Kanan’s Mekai Curtis recalls advice from co-star Omar Epps [INTERVIEW]Bad Sisters’ Sarah Greene details ‘biggest challenge’ of the series [INSIGHT] IG user @chair_chatter replied: “His stache deserves its own seat at the dinner table.” @newgirlsrocktheblock commented: “Omg I can't wait for more #bluebloodscbs. Love this show.” @marinequeen3 said: “One of my all time idols that I have watched growing up #tomselleck “He is a legend! My husband and I are binge-watching @bluebloods_cbs.” “Thanks for sharing things with us @donniewahlberg Save us a seat at the Reagan family table.” “We’ve been bingeing Blue Bloods this summer,” @jaimelyn629 wrote. “I wish I started when you first aired, but better late than never. Tom reminds me so much of my dad who passed 5 years ago. “The way he pauses before speaking and the delivery of his wisdom. It’s so comforting.” (sic) Blue Bloods season 13 premieres Friday, October 7 on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.