Prince Harry made a brief appearance in Meghan Markle's first episode of Archetypes with guest Serena Williams. But the Duke of Sussex has remained off Spotify since the royal couple appeared together on a teaser for Archewell audio at the end of 2021. Author and historian Dr Tessa Dunlop has claimed the prince is "struggling" as Meghan takes on more work. Speaking to Palace Confidential, Ms Dunlop said: "I think Harry's struggling with it. "Poor old Harry. Who is front of The Cut? It's Meghan. Who is hosting the podcast? It's Meghan. "Where's Harry? I feel sorry for Harry. He's like the in-between guy. "Meghan is off there in the fast lane." READ MORE: Royal Family: 'Could barely stand up!' Frogmore row erupts It comes as Harry and Meghan re back in the UK this week for the first time since returning for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The Duke and Duchess will appear at events in London and Manchester, as well as jetting off to Germany to mark the one year countdown to the Invictus Games. It is not known what day the couple will arrive on British soil, or if they will visit the Queen in Balmoral, but it is thought unlikely they will bring their children Archie and Lili on the working trip. They will head to Manchester on Monday for the One Young World summit, an event which brings together young leaders from more than 190 countries. Meghan, a counsellor for the organisation, will give the keynote address at the opening ceremony. They will also meet a group of summit delegates doing "outstanding work on gender equality", One Young World said. The couple will then head to Germany for the Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year to Go event Which is taking place on Tuesday, before returning to the UK for the WellChild Awards in London where Harry will deliver a speech on Thursday. Their visit to the UK will be the first time they have been back in the country since the Jubilee celebrations in early June, when they attended the service of thanksgiving at St Paul's Cathedral. DON'T MISS Queen facing to step back after failing to continue royal duties [INSIGHT]CNN host voices disbelief at Meghan Markle's race understanding [VIDEO]Meghan caught in major U-turn after interview comments [ANALYSIS] It comes just days after Meghan's wide-ranging interview with The Cut in which she said it takes "a lot of effort" to forgive and hinted that she can "say anything". In the interview, running to more than 6,000 words, Meghan said that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as senior working royals. Harry and Meghan's trip falls in the same week the new prime minister is due to be announced and asked to form a government by the Queen. The monarch will appoint a new prime minister at Balmoral for the first time in her reign.