The Duke and Duchess of Sussex could be poised to make "eye-watering" profits from deals to advertise their dog, royal expert Neil Sean claimed. The Sussexes reportedly adopted a seven-year-old beagle called Mamma Mia from a rescue home who is now staying at their family home in Montecito, California, alongside fellow beagle Guy and a black Labrador thought to be named Pula. Advertising deals are raining down on the couple who are still on the fence on whether to take the offers, Neil Sean says, citing a "very good source". Speaking on his YouTube channel, Neil Sean’s Daily News Headline, he said: "According to a very good source, it’s very difficult to turn down the eye-watering sums that are offered. "Right now, of course, they’re saying no. But in the future, can you imagine sort of a hound – however sweet they may look – doing any sort of advertising deal with a distant relation to our British monarchy is worth lots and lots of money "So, more importantly, while they may have turned their nose up or stopped wagging their tail at this particular deal, sometime in the future when they look exactly what’s on their table. "And trust me, there’s a lot of deals already." "And I’m talking serious mega deals then perhaps Harry and Meghan may turn the other paw and decide it’s time to sign on the dotted for Mamma Mia", Neil Sean said/ However, the Sussexes are still unsure about the deal, Neil Sean added. He said: "If you’ve got a dog – a celebrity dog – and you’ve got that association, of course, they can be offered all sorts of things, you know, dog food deals starring in ads, home rescue videos. "All very nice and noble and everything like that." READ MORE: Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's son Archie 'ready' for big change "And I’m not suggesting from one moment that Harry ad Meghan decided to take on this rescue dog for these reasons," Mr Sean noted. "It’s not their fault in this particular instance because people advertisers think: 'wow, a lot of money there as you can imagine.' "Now, would Harry and Meghan really want to get involved in this sort of thing?" The couple are due to visit the United Kingdom next Monday as part of their visit to charity events "close their hearts". DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry’s lavish California mansion boasts throne seats.. [REPORT] Camilla 'lives in dread' of Harry's memoir after decades-long PR push [REPORT] Meghan Markle hammer blow as US 'beginning to tire' [REPORT] Besides the One Young World Summit in Manchester – which will bring together young leaders from more than 190 countries on September 5 – the Sussexes will also attend an event for the Invictus Games in Germany. The UK visit will be Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s first visit to the UK since the Queen’s Jubilee Platinum. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are delighted to visit with several charities close to their hearts in early September," a spokesperson for the couple confirmed on Page Six. READ NEXT:Meghan interview labelled 'dreadful' by royal expert 'What was she hoping to achieve?' Meghan blasted in US over podcastMeghan Markle vindicated? Mystery deepens over Mandela remarkMeghan Markle nightmare as Princess Diana would NOT be a fanMeghan 'wants to set her record straight' after major interview