Arsenal supporters could be set to face the wrath of outspoken pundit Richard Keys once again after setting off fireworks in the aftermath of their latest victory over Aston Villa on Wednesday evening. The Gunners made it five wins from as many Premier League matches thanks to Gabriel Martinelli's late goal after Douglas Luiz had cancelled out Gabriel Jesus' early opener for the hosts. The result saw Arsenal remain at the very top of the Premier League table, with Mikel Arteta's side still two points clear of second-placed Manchester City. Their fans have been criticised for over-celebrating as of late, though, and their reaction to Wednesday's victory is likely to have raised plenty of eyebrows.Fireworks were set off by supporters outside the Emirates Stadium after the final whistle to celebrate their side's impressive start to the new campaign. Videos on social media showed fans making their way out of the stadium as the north London sky was lit up by the fireworks, which were seemingly in response to Arsenal's latest win in the Premier League that saw them retain top spot.The move is also likely to have been motivated by Keys' criticism of the Gunners faithful after their narrow victory over Fulham earlier this month. The former Sky Sports presenter accused the club's fans of being disrespectful to their London rivals by celebrating wildly before urging them to avoid getting carried away at this early stage of the campaign. JUST IN: Arsenal boss Arteta provides Odegaard injury update after Villa win "It’s Fulham, and they trailed for a time," said Keys on beIN SPORTS. "Yeah, well played, you came back to win it and they keep their 100 per cent record intact."But they haven’t won the title tonight. They’ve won a London derby, let’s not get too carried away. We’re four games into the season."Keys' viewpoint was attacked on social media over the following days, with his comments drawing plenty of ire from Arsenal supporters and pundits alike. Arteta made it clear that he did not share the same opinion as Keys after the final whistle against Fulham, with the Spaniard waxing lyrical over the club's connection with their fans in his post-match press conference. "I don’t know any top teams or winning teams that don’t have that connection with the club and with the supporters," said Arteta."I just had a person who I love that I haven't seen for a while, it’s the first time he’s been at the stadium for two years and he says it’s the best he’s seen ever since he was at Highbury."Arsenal will be hoping to maintain their impressive start to the season off the back of their win over Villa in order to establish themselves as genuine title contenders over the course of the campaign. They will be desperate to continue their 100 per cent record at the next time of asking against Manchester United, with the Gunners set to travel to Old Trafford on Sunday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here