Speaking at the Sizewell nuclear plant in Suffolk, he criticised successive Governments for leaving Britain reliant on foreign energy sources. Hitting out at "paralysis over British nuclear energy" the outgoing Prime Minister urged his successor to "go nuclear, and go large". With just days left in office, he gave the green light to the Sizewell C nuclear power plant, saying the Government would invest £700million to the £20billion project. Mr Johnson said the UK was suffering skyrocketing energy bills as a result of the failure to invest in nuclear energy previously. While other countries in Europe have seen small rises in energy bills, Britain has been hard hit by the war in Ukraine due to the reliance on natural gas for power. Typical energy bills in the UK are expected to hit £3,549 a year by October due to the soaring price of wholesale gas imports, an 80 percent increase on the current cost. READ MORE: PM gives his 'final speech' but sounds like a man plotting a comeback  Analysts at Cornwall Insight have also warned the price cap could rise again in January 2023 to as high as £5,386 a year. Mr Johnson said Sizewell C was a "medium and long-term" solution to the energy crisis as it would take about 10 years to build. Once up and running it will power the equivalent of about six million homes. "It is a chronic case of politicians not being able to see beyond the political cycle," he said. "When Sizewell opened in 1966 it was the eighth reactor that this country had built in just seven years." He highlighted that France had built four new nuclear power plants in the part 30 years while Britain had built none. Blaming the former Labour Government for having broken the "rhythm" on nuclear investment, he added: "For 13 years the previous Labour Government did absolutely nothing to develop this country's nuclear industry. They said it didn't make economic sense." READ MORE: Liz Truss hints at more cash support to bring down energy cost  "Thanks a bunch Tony. Thanks a bunch Gordon." Saying it would be "madness" for Britain not to go ahead with the Sizewell C nuclear plant, he added he was "absolutely confident" the new nuclear plant would get the go-ahead. "We need to pull our national finger out and get on with Sizewell C," he said. "I think it'd be fair to say this Government has not shirked the big decisions. DON'T MISS:Moment a smiling Boris Johnson raids home in police vest [WATCH]Boris promises energy independence to 'futureproof' British energy [UPDATE]Boris slams Putin during tribute to 'courageous' Gorbachev [REACTION]  "We've raised our eyes, we've looked to the horizon and I just say, whoever follows me next, I know that they will do the same. "So no more national myopia, no more short-termism, let's think about the future, let's think about our kids and our grandchildren, about the next generation. "And so I say to you, with the prophetic candour and clarity of one who is about to hand over the torch of office, I say go nuclear and go large and go with Sizewell C." Mr Johnson's successor is set to be announced next Monday, with Mr Johnson officially tendering his resignation to the Queen the following day.  Polling suggests Foreign Secretary Liz Truss is the most likely winner of the contest, commanding a sizeable lead over Rishi Sunak in surveys of Conservative party members. The Prime Minister said "only time will tell" what kind of ex-prime minister he will be as he refused to outline his plans for once he has stepped down. "What I certainly will do is give my full and unqualified support to whoever takes over from me," he said. "Otherwise, really to get on with life." 