If your job is giving you no satisfaction and you’ve been thinking about looking for something new, now is the time to start your search in earnest. Check vacancies and send out job applications. You might not get to earn more money yet but at least you might find work that makes you feel more fulfilled. If you’re in the middle of transactions to rent or buy some property, good news is on the way. A relationship you hadn’t expected to last will now have a long-term feel about it. Plans you share together give you a stronger sense of security. If you’re shopping for fancy items for your home, take a Libra friend along with you. They will give some great advice. If you don’t already you should seriously think about making relaxation a part of your daily routine. You like to keep yourself busy but without pausing to consider where you are going you could easily lose sight of your personal and romantic goals.  Anxious thoughts are keeping you awake at night. You might feel no better in the morning when there are worries you cannot ignore anymore. If you aren’t sure how you are going to solve a problem, talk to someone who may be able to help you. There are some issues on which you and an older relative are never going to agree. Just because you are asked, you don’t have to get involved in another person’s problems. Your desire to help others could have you charging into a situation without thinking about what you could be getting mixed up in. If there’s a little niggle in the back of your mind telling you to stop, listen to it. Housemates have some great ideas for the home and want to head for the shops but whose money are they spending? It could be fun to give your home a facelift or to landscape your garden but be sure that everyone contributes their fair share.  Tidying your environment will be an absorbing and fulfilling job. A declutter will be a great way to make room for new furniture or just to lead a simpler lifestyle. Divide items you don’t want or need into two piles: Donate and discard. Having a clear-out will feel liberating. Dealings with authority figures will be frustrating. Someone will accuse you of behaving irrationally when all you are trying to do is get them to listen to your views. You need to be taken seriously but you might wonder how when they are being so stubborn and obnoxious. Be on the lookout for opportunities that might encourage you to lead a more active lifestyle. If you spend a lot of time sitting at your desk, go out for a walk during your lunch hour. Don’t be too quick to splash out on impulse. Stick to your budget.  After a lot of tension and arguments a close relationship is more harmonious. You’re both making such an effort not to upset each other that life seems to lack excitement and fun. Instead of thinking about it, act on your romantic ideas. You need to feel more at ease with each other. You’re nervous about a big event you are helping to organise. Keep your mind on other things and stop worrying. All will go as well as expected. You want to make the most of all social invitations coming your way in case you don’t get similar opportunities in the future but don’t worry: there are many more to come. You need some privacy in order to give some thought to important matters. This isn’t about being stubborn and refusing other people’s advice. You just need to know that when you make your mind up on these concerns you aren’t being influenced by others. 