Chelsea’s injury woes have handed Brighton a hammer blow in their pursuit of Billy Gilmour, Express Sport understands. The midfielder is keen to join the Seagulls this summer after being frozen out of the first team by Thomas Tuchel. However, the Blues academy product may not be granted his transfer wish this summer, with the club’s owners not willing to greenlight his exit. Tuchel is currently juggling a mountain of injury problems in the centre of the park – which he recently described as a ‘headache’ – and there is a reluctance to lose another option in that department. Tuchel though is willing to sell Gilmour this summer having deemed him surplus to requirements, though Todd Boehly and co would rather the 21-year-old depart on a loan basis at most. The midfielder is yet to play for Chelsea this season having returned from his loan spell at Norwich City, being named as a substitute for the match against Southampton in midweek. It is understood that the Scotland international is keen to join Graham Potter’s side this summer, with the clubs holding talks over the past few months. Plenty of other sides have also registered their interest in the Gilmour, though he has his heart set on heading to the south coast if he is allowed to depart. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace N’Golo Kante is currently spending an extended period on the sidelines at Stamford Bridge, and the same may now apply to Ruben Loftus-Cheek following his hamstring injury on Tuesday night. Mateo Kovacic is also yet to return to full fitness and his second-half cameos have been somewhat risky. Conor Gallagher’s recent suspension also added another issue for Tuchel, with the England international attracting plenty of interest from Crystal Palace and Aston Villa, amongst others. Summer signing Carney Chukwuemeka is yet to make his debut for the Blues, and the 18-year-old may soon find himself called upon if the issues continue to stack up. Tuchel seemed to ignore Gilmour as another option midfield on Tuesday night after his side’s defeat to Southampton, saying: “There's no one left in midfield. The recommendation for Mateo Kovacic was 20 minutes but he played 45. “I also don't understand why we are in this situation regarding the injuries but that's the way it is and need to find solutions." It remains to be seen whether the Chelsea higher powers opt to keep Gilmour at the club this summer, or if they attempt to sign a midfielder in order to allow him to join Brighton – with Ajax star Edson Alvarez linked.