Amanda Owen, 48, has taken to Twitter and sparked some worry among her 203,400 followers. Fans noted the Yorkshire Shepherdess’ slightly disheveled appearance as she addressed them earlier today. The star wrote in the caption to the post: “Gathering for spaining (weaning). “The children & dogs are surefooted, like mountain goats, traversing the slopes and screes without hesitation. “#yorkshire #shepherdess #sheepdo.” In the short clip, the Our Yorkshire Farm presenter said: “We’re bringing the lambs in for spurning, that means weaning time. READ MORE: Helen Mirren asked husband if he would 'f*** her again' after role “So the lambs will stay down on the farm, going to the bright green grassy re-growth.” She went on, expressing confusion that some among her flock of sheep were “wooled.” Amanda said: “In and amongst these sheep believe it or not, there’s still a few wooled ones. “So quite where they’ve been for the last few months I have no idea.” It comes after the star sheared her flock but clearly missed out a few among the number. She said it was “quite easy” for them to evade capture but hopefully “today was the day.” The clip ended with a panoramic filming of the countryside and her flock, as her children could be seen running after them over the hills. Fans then jumped on to the comments to share their thoughts about the farmer’s appearance, while others shared details about their own visits to Ravenseat, where Amanda’s farm is located and filming of Our Yorkshire Farm takes place on Channel 5. DON'T MISS... Meghan squirms as Mariah Carey scrambles to defend Duchess 'dig' [INSIGHT]Sarah Beeny 'overwhelmed' by support after breast cancer diagnosis [UPDATE]Bill Turnbull won the hearts of fans with these memorable moments[ANALYSIS] @Kglascoo penned: “Amanda you looked and sounded really tired.” @JaneRus966 said: “Beautiful countryside with a touch of mystery about it.” @LynSmit433 wrote: “Lovely visit to Ravenseat last weekend @AmandaOwen8 “This wee one fancied a bit of our delicious scone!!” sharing a picture of their dog. It comes not long after Amanda made the decision to split with her husband Clive alongside whom she presents the show. Last week, in an episode filmed before their split, the pair reminisced about the time they first met, when Clive was 42 and Amanda was 21. "This first time you and I met it was a very dark evening," Amanda remembered. "And I'd come to borrow a tup, remember?" "I do remember," Clive confirmed. "This six-foot-something woman knocked at my door." "He shouldn't have answered it, should he?" Amanda joked. "No!" Clive agreed, laughing. "But I was very taken with her, you couldn't not be."