A poll carried out on Wednesay, by Redfield & Wilton Strategies, on behalf of the i, found that 39 percent support Mr Starmer over Ms Truss, who was on 35 percent, while the rest were undecided. The results of the poll comes as the voting for Tory leadership concluded on Friday.  The result of the votes from Tory members will be announced on Monday. According to the poll carried out on 1,500 voters, the Labour Party leader has a lead over both Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak. The former Chancellor was left trailing behind with just 30 percent of votes compared to the 38 percent for the Labour leader. However, 26 percent of the respondents said they still don’t know who will be the better leader to lead the Great Britain.   Between Mr Sunak and Ms Truss, the voters selected Ms Truss by a margin of seven percentage points. Thirty per cent backed Mr Sunak, 37 per cent chose Ms Truss and 33 per cent said they didn’t know. Another poll which was carried out YouGov last week, found that voters do not trust either Ms Truss or Mr Sunak to make the right decisions when it comes to the NHS. The results found 64 per cent of voters trusted neither candidate with being able to improve the service, and 47 per cent said the same of Sir Keir. READ MORE: Parking row explodes as vigilante paints double yellow lines on road  The two Tory contenders will find out which of them has won the ballot of Tory members at 12.30 BST on Monday. The winner will be formally appointed Prime Minister by the Queen from Balmoral. They will then begin appointing ministers to their new cabinet. Boris Johnson, who led the Tories to a landslide victory at the 2019 election, will remain in office until the transfer of power is complete. DON'T MISS:'Makes you sick' GP record pay rise slammed by hostBrexit LIVE: Frost delivers stinging rebuke to von der LeyenUkraine pay the cost of retaking territory The contest began in mid-July, when Mr Johnson was forced out by a ministerial revolt over a string of scandals. The original field of 11 contenders was whittled down to two in a series of Tory MP ballots, with the final two going into a run-off to be decided by the membership, which stands at around 160,000. 