Arsenal must wait until January to sign Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk in a blow to Mikel Arteta on deadline day, according to reports. Arteta is known to want to strengthen his attacking options in the final hours of the transfer window. Mudryk is one of several forwards linked with the Gunners. The Ukraine international also had interest from Premier League rivals Brentford. However, both clubs will need to wait in order to strike a deal for the 21-year-old. Shakhtar Donetsk will not sell the player before the transfer deadline. Mudryk could instead move in January, with Arsenal and Brentford waiting to reignite their interest in the winter. Both clubs could go to battle over the youngster in the New Year. JUST IN: Rodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach That is according to the Guardian, who claim that Mudryk will stay put until January. Arsenal appear to be prioritising a midfielder on deadline day, having shifted their transfer plan. Injuries suffered by Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey mean Arteta and technical director Edu have ditched plans for a wide man. Wide-ranging reports suggest that a £20million bid for Aston Villa’s Douglas Luiz has been made by Arsenal. Villa have rejected the initial offer but Arsenal could increase their proposal for a player who scored against the Gunners on Wednesday night. Luiz scored directly from a corner in Villa’s 2-1 defeat the Emirates Stadium. It is the second time he has achieved the feat in eight days. DON'T MISS...Chelsea given swap chance for Douglas Luiz as 'Aston Villa launch bid'Aston Villa issue response to Chelsea, Liverpool and Arsenal interestArsenal braced for Gabriel Martinelli offers with Chelsea to play role Arteta confirmed after the game that Arsenal could try to sign a new midfielder and that money is available to complete a deal. Asked about Elneny’s fresh injury, the Spaniard said: “It has an impact because Thomas is injured as well, and we're a bit short in that position. We have players like Sambi [Lokonga], we have players like Granit [Xhaka] who can play there. The club has been super supportive to keep improving the squad and the team as we can, and if the right player is available and we can do it we will try. “We were pretty protected in that position (midfield), and now we are more exposed. We have to be prepared for uncertainties, injuries and suspensions. Things like that can happen, especially this season which is going to be really strange with the World Cup. We try to protect from that, but it's not easy.” Arsenal have enjoyed a remarkable start to the season, winning all five of their Premier League games so far. New signings Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko have improved Arteta’s side.