Menopause weight gain is very common, although multiple factors may affect how much weight a woman gains if they do gain weight at all. These include ageing, genetics, hormones and lifestyle such as diet and exercise, the latter of which can be controlled. Health food chain Holland & Barrett has revealed the three diet changes menopausal women should consider making if they want to lose weight. “One way to support menopause weight loss is to reduce the amount of carbs in your diet,” the health experts said. “Studies have shown that this is a useful tactic in reducing menopause belly fat and helps to increase metabolism, something which naturally slows down with age.” Many foods are low in carbs and can be chosen to help lose weight. Meat such as beef, pork, lamb and chicken are all low in carbohydrates, as are fish and seafood, with fatty fish such as salmon, mackerel, sardines or herring containing high amounts of omega-3 fatty acids. READ MORE: Menopause: Why cutting calories 'will not help' - diet plan to follow Eggs are also a great protein option that is low in carbs. Vegetables that grow above the ground such as Cauliflower, broccoli, cabbage, Brussels sprouts, kale, collards, bok choy, spinach, asparagus, zucchini, eggplant, olives, mushrooms, cucumber, avocado (technically a fruit but usually included with vegetables), onions, peppers, tomatoes, lettuce, other kinds of leafy greens, are the lowest in net carbs and can all be can be enjoyed at all levels of carb restriction. Dairy products such as full-fat options of butter, cream, sour cream, Greek/Turkish yoghurt and high-fat cheeses, are not only delicious but low enough in carbs to be eaten in moderation to help weight loss. Milk, however, contains a lot of sugar. DON'T MISS...Top 10 supermarket staples that have increased in price the most [LIST]Travel: Cheapest days to fly according to an expert [INSIGHT]Woman who ‘couldn’t look in mirrors’ clears acne with wonder cream [BEAUTY] “Getting enough fibre in your diet is important for healthy digestion and certain high-fibre foods, such as flaxseeds, have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity,” Holland & Barrett suggested. “Women going through menopause naturally become more resistant to insulin, which may make post-menopause weight loss more difficult, so fibre-rich foods which support insulin intake could show benefits.” According to the NHS, an adult should be consuming 30g of fibre a day to maintain a healthy balanced diet. For anyone not consuming that amount, and wanting to increase their fibre intake, it’s a good idea to do it gradually to avoid gut issues like bloating and gas. Equally, for gut health, it is also important to drink plenty of fluids (around six to eight glasses per day for adults) and to be physically active. READ MORE: Letitia Dean weight loss: Soap star drops 4 dress sizes with new diet Beans and lentils are high in fibre and can easily be added to soups, stews and salads. Edamame beans (which is a steamed soybean), for example, are a great fibre-filled snack as they contain nine grams of fibre in half a cup of shelled beans. They’re also a great source of plant protein. Consider switching to whole grains - bread, pasta, rice and oats as they are high in fibre. Not only are nuts a great source of protein and healthy fats - sunflower seeds and almonds each have more than three grams of fibre in a serving. “Did you know that thanks to soya isoflavones, plant-based chemicals known as ‘phytoestrogen,’ soya foods are often beneficial to women going through menopause?” The experts revealed. “This is because soya isoflavones work as a weak form of oestrogen in the body, helping to reduce the symptoms of menopause like hot flushes. “They also support weight loss goals as they’re low in fat, high in protein, and soybeans, tofu, and tempeh are known for having the highest isoflavone content.” Alongside snacking on soybeans, soya can be consumed in many ways. Foods made from soybeans can be divided into unfermented and fermented foods. Unfermented foods include tofu, soymilk, edamame, soy nuts and sprouts, while fermented soy products include miso, tempeh, natto and soy sauce.