 Bill Turnbull’s family have announced the BBC Breakfast presenter died at the age of 66 after a fight with prostate cancer. Following the heartbreaking news, viewers of the breakfast show have shared their condolences.   BBC Breakfast presenters Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt confirmed on Wednesday that Bill had died. The anchor starred on the show from 2001 until 2016 and was a much-loved presenter by many viewers, In 2017, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer and announced the news to the world a year later. Today, his wife Sesi released a statement revealing her husband had sadly lost his battle.   Upon the news of Bill’s death, it wasn’t long before viewers of the show took to Twitter to share their kind words about the anchor. Hope Springs said: “Loved Bill Turnbull on #bbcbreakfast, one of the best presenters. Sad to hear the news this morning.” “R.I.P Bill Turnbull. He was an extraordinarily warm gentleman who woke us up every day presenting #BBCBreakfast often infusing presentations with beautiful personal stories,” added Twitter user Frank TZ Govnor. Oliver commented: “So sad to hear of the passing of Bill Turnbull. He introduced me to politics and the news as a young person through #bbcbreakfast with his simple, effective and likeable presentation and interviews.”      “Gone far too soon, such a kind man and excellent broadcaster, thank you for interviews over the years RIP Bill Turnbull,” said La Plante Lynda. With Gail Kirby saying: “So very sorry to hear of the death of Bill Turnbull. He was a ray of sunshine every morning when he presented BBC Breakfast. One of the nicest people you could wish to meet. RIP Bill.” The statement from his family confirmed Bill died in his Suffolk home on August 31. They said: "Following a challenging and committed fight against prostate cancer, Bill passed away peacefully at his home in Suffolk surrounded by his family on Wednesday, 31st August. "Bill was diagnosed in 2017 and has had outstanding medical care from the Royal Marsden and Ipswich Hospitals, St Elizabeth Hospice and his GP.   “He was resolutely positive and was hugely buoyed by the support he received from friends, colleagues, and messages from people wishing him luck. “It was a great comfort to Bill that so many more men are now testing earlier for this disease.” When Naga and Charlie shared the news on BBC Breakfast, Naga fought back tears as she remembered her colleague. Sending their love and support to Bill's wife and family, the presenter then paid tribute to her friend.  Emotional, Naga said: “I think today, once we get over the shock of this, we will start to remember the really funny things that Bill did. “When I presented with him, his energy was amazing, he came into this programme and threw everything at it. “Every single day he was funny when we sat here on the sofa, he was a brilliant journalist, and he loved this programme and loved serving you the audience. “I’m sure you will miss him but we certainly will too.” BBC Breakfast airs weekdays on BBC One from 6am. 