Chelsea are in advanced talks to sign Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and send Marcos Alonso in the opposite direction to Barcelona, reports claim. Aubameyang is the Blues' top striker target, despite interest in AC Milan star Rafael Leao, and all parties are confident a deal can be struck. Chelsea have been in the market for a forward for several weeks. Both Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner have left Stamford Bridge to leave Thomas Tuchel short up top. Aubameyang emerged as a target earlier in the window and a deal could be completed on the final day. The 33-year-old only joined Barca from Arsenal in January but already looks set to be on his way. Sky Sports claims talks are at an advanced stage heading into deadline day. An agreement is yet to be struck but the deal would be Alonso plus Cash for Aubameyang. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano reiterates the information that there is confidence both transfers will go through. He claims Chelsea's latest offer on the table is £10million plus Alonso. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  Aubameyang had a prolific start to his Barca career following his acrimonious exit from Arsenal. He scored 13 goals in 23 games in the second half of last season. However, the arrival of Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich has seen him lose his spot in the Barca side. Meanwhile, left-back Alonso has been linked with a move to the Nou Camp for several months. His departure would bring to an end a six-year stay in west London. Alonso has won the Premier League, FA Cup, Champions League and Europa League during his time at Chelsea, as well as the UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup. Chelsea confirmed the signing of Wesley Fofana from Leicester for a fee of up to £75m on Wednesday. That takes the club's spending to over £250m in this window. DON'T MISSArsenal may already have first January transfer with target to be 'available'Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline dayTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm  But it has been a struggle of late for Chelsea on the pitch and they suffered a 2-1 defeat at Southampton on Tuesday. It was their second loss of the season following the 3-0 hammering at Leeds earlier this month. After the match at St Mary's, Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel hit out at his side. He said: "We are not tough enough to win these away matches at the moment. "It was the same story at Leeds. At Leeds we thought the problem was we didn’t score in the first 25 minutes, and they pushed us off balance with two goals and we couldn’t find any answers. "Today we scored, everything was okay, but one set-piece again, one sloppy defending again, and we were off balance. We didn’t react. We were lucky not to concede a third goal at the beginning of the second half, and we were not tough enough as a team to react."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here