With summer slowly coming to an end, motorists can expect more rain to hit the roads. Considering the fact that Britain has been going through a heatwave for months, many drivers may have forgotten about the rules surrounding driving in wet weather conditions. With that in mind, a motoring expert has warned drivers that splashing pedestrians by driving through puddles could land them with fines of up to £5,000. Dorry Potter, car and scrappage expert for National Scrap Car, exclusively told Express.co.uk: “It is actually illegal to splash pedestrians! “Under the Road Traffic Act 1988, it is illegal to drive ‘without reasonable consideration for other persons’. “The law also bans driving through a puddle causing pedestrians to be splashed. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use a little-known speed bump technique to save fuel “If found guilty, motorists can be slapped with a fine of up to £5,000, for behaviour deemed to be ‘an act of incompetence, selfishness, impatience, or aggressiveness’. “As well as a fine, drivers are also risking being handed between three and nine penalty points on their licence.” Ms Potter also offered some advice to motorists as the rainy months approach. These are: DON'T MISS Huge parking row erupts between neighbours as man erects barricade [INSIGHT] Urgent warning issued to drivers amid pavement parking crackdown [WARNING] Drivers warned not to leave cars in certain places to save fuel [REVEAL] The expert said: “The variable weather in the UK can take its toll on the rubber on wiper blades, as well as frequent use. “Make sure you inspect your wipers for nicks and tears, replacing them when necessary. Getting caught in a rainstorm can be very dangerous if your visibility cannot be assisted with functional wipers.” According to Ms Potter, driving through big puddles could lead to aquaplaning which can be very dangerous. READ MORE: Princess Diana ranked most influential royal for classic cars Motorists should do all they can to avoid them safely, but if driving through them is necessary then speed should be reduced. An appropriate braking (or stopping) distance should always be observed whenever driving. For motorists driving at 60mph, for example, the stopping distance should be 240 feet. These distances should increase when the road is wet as not only does visibility lessen, meaning it is more difficult to see what the motorist in front is doing, but it also changes the surface of the road, taking the car longer to stop. Rule 227 of the Highway Code states: “In wet weather, stopping distances will be at least double those required for stopping on dry roads. This is because your tyres have less grip on the road.” Checking the headlights and brake lights is vital when stormy weather is forecast. Not only does it get darker just before the storm starts, but the heavy rainfall can also make it very difficult to see. Drivers should check all their lights before setting off and know when to use them. If visibility is very poor then drivers should find the next safest place to pull over until it eases. Motorists should look for a safe layby, car park or services and wait until the rain calms before setting off again.