Millions of people who receive other benefits will also be provided with the bonus. The Government offers a Christmas bonus to those on benefits as a one of payment usually at the beginning of December. Eligible claimants will receive an extra £10 to cover costs over the festive period. Although it may not seem like a lot, this could be used towards food, or electricity this Christmas as the cost of living crisis continues. As bills continue to rise, any extra cash could be vital for families on low incomes. The £10 bonus will not need to be repaid nor will it affect any other benefits one receives. READ MORE: Nationwide increases interest rates across savings accounts - now offering up to 3%  If someone has not claimed their state pension and they are not entitled to one of the other qualifying benefits, they will not get a Christmas Bonus. All benefits, pensions and allowances are normally paid into the claimants bank account. Britons do not need to claim the Christmas Bonus as they should get it automatically. Those people who are part of a married couple, in a civil partnership or living together as if they are and they both get one of the qualifying benefits they’ll each get a Christmas Bonus payment. READ MORE: Millions of pensioners could be missing out on DWP benefit worth £370 a month - are you? What is Universal Credit?Universal Credit is a payment to help with your living costs. It’s paid monthly. People may be able to get it if they’re on a low income, out of work or they cannot work. Universal Credit is replacing the following benefits and tax credits: How much Universal Credit someone gets depends on their standard allowance, any extra amounts that apply to them and any money taken off their payment. Universal Credit payments will reduce as people earn more. For every £1 someone or their partner earns, their payment goes down by 55p. There’s no limit to how many hours one can work. Their Universal Credit does not stop if they work more than 16 hours a week. Britons are encouraged to use the benefits calculator on the Government calculator to see how much they could get.