The energy price cap is set to rise to more than £5,000 in January which, for a pre-payment meter customer, would mean finding £700 to keep the heating on in January alone. No-one can afford to spend over half of their entire income on energy bills. If significant further support isn’t forthcoming, families will not be able to heat their homes and people will die as a result. This crisis will not be over when spring returns either. Inflation is set to remain high throughout next year, and pay packets aren’t set to start growing again until the second half of 2023, by which point the average worker will be earning no more than they did back in 2003. That’s two decades of pay growth wiped out. Taking all these trends together, our research shows that families across Britain are set to see their incomes fall by 10 percent over two years – the biggest living standards squeeze in a century. The typical family could find themselves close to £3000 a year worse off. This outlook for living standards is frankly terrifying. No responsible Government could ever countenance it playing out for families, and turning it round will be the first task awaiting the new Prime Minister next week. Whoever wins will need to announce radical new support to cope with the energy bills crisis this winter. That support will need to be announced in just a few weeks’ time – before energy bills soar on October 1 – and will define the rest of their term of office. This means they will have to get the scale and design of support right first time around. Fresh support with energy bills will need to spread far wider than the lump sum payments currently being given to pensioners and those on means-tested benefits. This is now a crisis for middle-income Britain, and they need help with their bills too. The best way forward would be a social tariff that reduces bills for all low-and-middle-income households. But the new Prime Minister may opt for a more straightforward route and cut everyone’s bills, as the opposition parties are calling for. However, doing this would be eye wateringly expensive – it could easily cost £100 billion if the energy bills crisis runs well into next year – and would give more cash to the rich than the poor. So, the new Prime Minister will need to swallow their ‘no tax rises’ rhetoric of the leadership contest and part-fund fresh support for hard-pressed families with windfall taxes on energy producers and solidarity taxes on wealthy families who can cope with higher bills. If they don’t, Government borrowing will balloon, interest rates will rise even further, and taxes will need to go up anyway. But as well as getting Britain through the current crisis, the Government also needs to make sure families cope better when the next crisis comes along. And that means restoring the higher productivity and stronger economic growth that we have lost since the financial crisis – and left us trailing behind many of our European and international competitors. That requires a bold new economic strategy for Britain that builds on our many strengths, and tackles our weaknesses. None of this is easy. But is essential nonetheless. We need to protect families through this crisis, and boost living standards for everyone in the years ahead.