Motorists often face parking chaos on a daily basis, with other drivers taking parking spaces, or even parking in front of their driveway. This has been seen more frequently in recent months, with many taking to social media to criticise people’s parking behaviour. Some have used a note as a last resort if someone were to park on, or in front of, their driveway. There is no criminal law against a stranger parking on a driveway without the homeowner's consent. Despite this, a driveway is part of private property so therefore by driving on it the motorist would be trespassing. If someone parks on a driveway and another driver blocks a car in, this can be classed as a criminal offence if they cause obstruction to the public highway. READ MORE: Simple car trick can help drivers slash fuel consumption with 20p coin But, if a homeowner does anything to the offending vehicle, they could also be committing a criminal offence. This can include using damage, moving it or deploying a wheel clamp. However, drivers are being urged to reconsider their actions if they think about leaving a note on someone else’s car. Graham Conway, managing director at Select Car Leasing, warned drivers of the consequences they face when leaving a note. DON'T MISSCaravan owners warned of huge 30 percent fuel economy drop when towing [WARNING]Man's car with 'mind of its own' is 'plagued by problems' [SHOCKING]Drivers urged to 'compare MPG' after record petrol and diesel prices [INSIGHT] He cautioned motorists saying they could potentially leave themselves open to libel action, or be accused of damaging the car. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “When it comes to perceived behaviours on the road or in car parks, responding in an aggressive manner - either through verbal or physical gestures, or by leaving notes - is rarely a recipe for a productive conversation. “And while leaving a note on a motorist’s car to vent your anger might be tempting, we’d urge people to think twice. “If you touch someone else’s car, perhaps when lifting up a windscreen wiper to leave your note, you could be accused of damaging or scratching that person’s vehicle.” This happened in October last year, when Ellie Newman and her sister were confronted with a note on the windscreen of their matching Range Rover Velars. The note criticised them for taking up space on the street, when residents who live there cannot park. It was attached to the windscreen using silicone, causing damage to their windscreens. The two sisters said it was “criminal damage” and slammed the residents who had left the note on their car. Mr Conway added: “If the motorist you’re targeting drives for a living, you could also end up defaming them, or their business, by making accusations about the way they behave which could cause reputational damage. “That’s particularly true if the note you leave is clear and visible for other people walking past to see and to read.” He suggested that when a driver is confronted with poor behaviour, they should remain calm and stay non-aggressive so there’s no escalation of conflict. Dominic Smith, director at Patterson Law, echoed the warning to drivers, saying drivers may be accused of an offence when leaving a note. He said: “If the note was threatening, or abusive - especially if that abuse was racially, religiously or sexually motivated - then that might be an offence. “If you are going to leave a note, it's best to leave out threats and abuse to ensure no offence is committed.”