A product is recalled if it is deemed unsafe for some customers to eat. The Co-op is recalling one of its items due to an undeclared ingredient, which could cause damage to some consumers if eaten. The Co-op is recalling its Irresistible Lemon Curd Yogurt because it contains egg which is not mentioned on the label. As a result of a packaging error, it has been incorrectly packed in a Toffee Yogurt pot with a Lemon Curd lid. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has detailed the recall on its website. READ MORE: Queen is only person in UK to forgo driving licence for key reason The yogurt comes in a pack 150g in size and a use by date of September 14. The FSA published its risk statement, saying: “This product contains egg making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to egg.” It also shared the action taken by the Co-op to warn customers about the recall. “Co-op is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall,” the organisation said. DON'T MISS:Easy way to deep clean a ‘filthy’ rug in less than 10 minutes [VIDEO]Keep bread fresh & mould-free for 3 wks with quirky food storage hack [EXPERT]Easy way to clean pillows without a washing machine [COMMENT] It added: “These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Please see the attached notice.” In its notice, the Co-op said: “Undeclared allergen due to incorrect packaging. Lemon Curd Yogurt which contains Egg has been packed in a Toffee Yogurt pot with a Lemon curd lid. “The Toffee pot which contains the ingredient declaration does not highlight the Egg allergen.” It advised customers to “return product to nearest Coop store for a refund, or if you are self-isolating or shielding please contact our Customer Careline”. The Co-op’s careline is 0800 0686 727. The FSA also shared its advice, saying: “If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to egg, do not eat it. “Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.” Additionally, the organisation gave more information about the nature of allergy alerts. It explained: “Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold.  “Then it might be ‘withdrawn’ (taken off the shelves) or ‘recalled’ (when customers are asked to return the product). “Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. “When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert.”