As the cost of living crisis continues to bite, saving cash has never been more important. Inflation has 10.1 percent according to figures with food and energy among the costs rising. But Britons may not know how much cooking everyday food is adding to their energy bills - and that using the right method can help them save. Will Owen, energy expert at price comparison website Uswitch.com, has revealed how much cooking everything from casseroles to boiled potatoes can cost when rustled up in different ways. But it can depend on the meal you’re cooking as to which one is the most efficient to use. He said: “Cooking in the oven is one of the most common ways to prepare dinner, but it is often more expensive to run than other kitchen appliances.” For example, Uswitch's research found preparing a baked or boiled potato is cheapest in the microwave, costing just 3p. That's compared to 27p in an electric oven and 14p on an electric hob. READ MORE: Five household areas to avoid cleaning with white vinegar What’s more, it takes just 12 minutes to cook them in a microwave, so if Britons are looking for a meal on the go, that's their best bet. For those looking at cooking a hearty casserole, but don't know whether to use an electric oven or a slow cooker, it's the slow cooker that works out cheapest, as it comes in at 22p. This appliance uses 0.80 kilowatts of energy as well, as opposed to the electric oven which uses 1.94 kilowatts. The downside to the slow cooker is that it will take four times as long to make the casserole. DON'T MISS: The most affordable UK city to relocate to has ‘spectacular views’ [ANALYSIS]Nigella Lawson: Inside the Tv chef’s quirky £5million London home [INSIGHT]Four ‘effective’ ways to deter rats from your garden ‘forever’ [TIPS] But homeowners can always set it to cook in the morning, head out and then it'll be ready when they get home. Will said: “Slow cookers tend to be the most efficient — they cook food on low power over a number of hours and come with the added benefit of providing a fully cooked meal when you finish work.” For those cooking breaded chicken, it'll be cheaper to make it in an air fryer as opposed to an electric oven. It'll set you back just 11p to cook it, and only needs to be in there for 39 minutes as opposed to 49 minutes in the oven. READ MORE: Property expert shares ‘really important’ estate agent tricks to avoid The energy pro explained: “Air fryers, like microwaves, can work out cheaper to cook in than an oven because they take less time to heat up and have a shorter cooking time.” Overall, microwaves use the least amount of energy when compared with electric ovens, electric hobs, slow cookers and air fryers. Will said despite microwaves tending to “come out on top” when looking at cooking for less, “they don't always give the best results”. He advised: “So either choose carefully which foods you can cook in the microwave with no loss of enjoyment or, if you really want to drive your energy bill down, design a menu that means you can make your microwave a mainstay of your cooking. “There are even recipe books dedicated to microwave cooking to help you do this.” Using a smart meter can help you cut back on costs as well. Will said: “Smart meters are the easiest way to see how your energy usage fluctuates in real time.” Homeowners could also use a smart meter to compare the cost of cooking their favourite meals using different appliances to find out which one is cheapest, according to Will. A smart energy monitoring plug could also help keep an eye on how much it costs to use an air fryer or slow cooker each time.