Chelsea may have sped up Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's return to action after sending him to Milan to have a mask fitted. The Blues new signing was expected to miss around three weeks of action after suffering a fractured jaw when his house was robbed earlier this week. Aubameyang completed a move to Chelsea on deadline day. He joined in a deal which saw Marcos Alonso head in the opposite direction to Barcelona. Chelsea were in desperate need for a striker after suffering a poor 2-1 defeat at Southampton on Tuesday. Manager Thomas Tuchel knows Aubameyang from their time together at Borussia Dortmund and made him his top target. And now fans could see him in action earlier than expected. Chelsea have flown the 33-year-old to Milan in order to sort a mask for him which he can wear in matches. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd Antony pressure, Arsenal Luiz solution, Chelsea warned  The Telegraph claims it is the same specialist that Chelsea used when Antonio Rudiger suffered a similar injury. Cesc Fabregas, Demba Ba and Fernando Torres all also used the same company during their time at Stamford Bridge. And Tuchel has revealed Aubameyang could now potentially make his debut in the Champions League match away to Dinamo Zagreb on Tuesday. The German said: “We try with a mask. "It depends a little bit on what the specialists say who create the mask for him. And then how he adapts to the mask, so maybe it could be Tuesday, although maybe this is very soon. So maybe it’s Fulham, maybe it is a week later. “The very latest is after the national break, but we try to push things and Auba is happy to push things. He is out there now at the specialist to get his mask done and then he tries, I think, Sunday in training.” DON'T MISSChelsea have 'another Fabregas' as Arsenal backlash expectedChelsea boss Tuchel's brutal three-word message to Gilmour after exitChelsea predicted XI vs West Ham including three new signings  Following his arrival, former Arsenal skipper Aubameyang explained his delight of working under Tuchel again. He said: “I am feeling very proud. "I think this is the best league in the world so I am happy to be here. I’m really excited. "I have got some unfinished business in the Premier League so I can’t wait to start. This club has a really big history so I am really happy to be part of the club now. “It will be an honour and a joy again [to play with Tuchel], we had some good times in Dortmund together so I am really happy to play for him again. We will achieve some big things, I am sure of this and I will try to help the team. Come on you Blues!"  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here