In the latest All That Glitters, the contestants had to incorporate a silver wire into their final design to impress judges Shaun Leane and Dinny Hall. However, when Piers decided to try and melt his down to create a silver flat pin, things took a turn for the worst.  Host Katherine Ryan informed viewers while most of the jewellers were using the silver wire as the main pin for the hair, Piers wanted to do something different. Keen to show off his skills, he wanted to melt the metal down with some offcuts to re-shape it into a single flat pin. Although the simple technique wasn’t as straightforward as he thought. Putting his material under the blowtorch, Piers said: “It’s just not getting hot enough.” READ MORE: Diana's former bodyguard details assassination fears The contestant tried to create something that would keep the heat in to help melt the metal down, however, that also failed to work. Starting to get frustrated, Piers let out a large sigh putting his hands over his face. Worried about his final piece, he said: “If I can’t do this then I can’t make anything. “I don’t know if I’m just not being patient enough, I might try my other torch.”  After some time, Piers managed to successfully melt the metal down which he then poured into a mould ready for the next step. Forging the metal by hammering it, it was time for the All That Glitters star to mill it into the correct thickness for his pin. However, he encountered yet another issue when he realised didn’t spread it out enough when pouring it into the mould. Angrily swearing at the mishap, he told the other jewellers in the workshop: “It's literally gone from bad to worse!” DONT MISS... Gary Lineker ‘should apologise’ for ‘biased’ tweets says GB News host [VIDEO]Lorraine viewers baffled by MAFS star's appearance[REACTION]Shetland fans left stumped over Lloyd Anderson’s ’awful’ accent [INSIGHT]   Realising the metal he had forged was now too thick to be flattened into his original concept, Piers tried to come up with another plan in time to complete the challenge. Aware Piers was having issues, judge Shaun came over to his workspace to find out more about the struggles he’d been having. He told Shaun: “The piece is too deep to go through the mill, so now I’ve just forged it out a bit. “Hopefully now it will go through the mills, but I think I must’ve wasted half an hour to 40 minutes trying to sort it out.”   Shaun tried to reassure the contestant by telling him to stay calm as he continued with the rest of the task. After speaking to the judge, Piers quipped: “I’ve got some serious catching up to do!” Currently, there are seven remaining contestants all in the running to become Britain’s next jewellery star. Last week viewers saw Steve become the first person to be eliminated from the competition. All That Glitters airs Wednesdays on BBC2 at 9pm. 