Brentford striker Ivan Toney has opened up on how snooker and Ronnie O'Sullivan played a part in his upbringing. The 26-year-old is supposedly top dog among his team-mates thanks, in part, to his father's history which involved matches against legends of the sport in Jimmy White and Alex Higgins. O'Sullivan joined Stephen Hendry at the top of the all-time charts when he beat Judd Trump back in May to claim his seventh World Championship. The Rocket, commonly hailed as snooker's greatest of all time, also became the oldest champion at 46 years and 146 days old. The Wordsley-born icon also tops the charts in terms of ranking titles, Triple Crowns and maximum breaks. Toney is perfectly familiar with O'Sullivan's generational talent having grown up in the snooker hotbed of Northampton. The Brentford striker nailed down O'Sullivan as his favourite player and, during a recent interview, detailed his father's experiences coming up against the likes of White and Higgins. DON'T MISS: Ronnie O'Sullivan compares himself to Novak Djokovic with warning to rivals "I have always liked and appreciated snooker," said Toney. "My dad used to play it to a good level. He played regularly against very good club players, but he also played Jimmy White and Alex Higgins in club or exhibition matches, and other well-known players. "He wasn’t a million miles off getting to pro level, but lost a few key matches and it went on the back burner. Snooker is very tough, with fine margins and no room for error. Northampton has seen some very good players emerge from there, or base themselves there. "I used to play at Barratts Snooker Club in Northampton, and when I was younger I saw Rory McLeod there, I think Peter Ebdon and I’m sure Kyren Wilson has played there. My highest break? I can get between 30 and 40. And my favourite player has to be Ronnie O’Sullivan. He is aggressive every shot, and wants to pot every ball - that’s what I like. "He says what he wants, but he backs it up by winning everything. I’d love to see the documentary coming out about him. I haven’t been to the Crucible and the World Championship yet and I would love to go. It tends to be at an important time of the season. "I loved going to the Masters final, it was a great experience. It was Stuart Bingham v Ali Carter in the final. And I’ll look to get back there in January. I do like individual sports too, because there you only have yourself to blame. And there is an aspect of that I like, take the responsibility and blame myself.  "But obviously in football that is not really the way, as part of a team. Still as a striker or maybe a goalkeeper, there is that extra responsibility on you doing your job. I have tried to convert other lads to snooker – I play with Charlie Goode, but he’s not so good! "Some of the overseas players play pool and think they are good but I am the pool king at the club. Kris Ajer reckons he can play and has said he will play me for as much money as I want. But that’s with neither of us having seen the other in action. But I’ll back myself there, that can happen any time before he comes to his senses. I’ll send a driver to pick him up and bring him to my place." 