Arsenal look set to miss out on the signing of Palmeiras midfielder Danilo, with insiders on both sides of the potential deal reportedly stressing that a move for the 21-year-old is extremely unlikely before the summer transfer window slams shut at 11pm. The Gunners have stormed to the top of the Premier League table after winning their opening five games of the campaign but are still keen to bolster their midfield. Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta was unable to lead his side to Champions League qualification last season as the north London giants finished fifth in the Premier League. But this time around his side have enjoyed an upturn in fortunes and now find themselves two points clear of Manchester City at the top-flight summit. On Wednesday evening, Arsenal battled to a 2-1 victory over Aston Villa as Gabriel Jesus and Gabriel Martinelli found the back of the net. But Arteta was missing Thomas Partey and Mohamed Elneny for the encounter as the duo are both nursing injuries. Albert Sambi Lokonga was handed a rare start against the Villans as he lined up in the centre of the pitch alongside Granit Xhaka. But, according to The Telegraph, the Gunners want to strengthen their midfield before the transfer deadline passes and admire Danilo. MUST READ: Newcastle coach spotted throwing object at Liverpool bench after goal The ace, who has racked up 128 appearances for Palmeiras, is said to be valued at around £18million by the Gunners. But any potential deal appears to be off the table this late into the window and Arsenal may instead revisit the transfer in January. Following the game with Villa, Arteta spoke about his lack of options in midfield. “The injuries have an impact [on the transfer window],” the Spaniard said. “Suddenly we are short in that position - we are looking at options in the market. If the right player is available we will try to do it.” DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'set out Rafael Leao transfer plan' as AC Milan name priceAston Villa seek Douglas Luiz replacement to 'open door' for ArsenalRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision after Arsenal approach  Discussing Elneny's knee injury, Arteta explained: “That's not good news. He still needs to see another specialist but I'm afraid we won't have Mo for a while.” And when touching upon Partey's thigh problem, the 40-year-old added: “He is going to be out for a while. I don't know how long that period is going to be - it's not the first injury he has had in that area.” Arteta could still be keen to tie up a deal for an alternative midfielder as his side look to keep up their outstanding start to the campaign. And Aston Villa ace Douglas Luiz has also been linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium, as has Leicester star Youri Tielemans.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here