Olly Murs lost an impressive amount of weight when he first began his weight loss journey two years ago. Since, he has continued to follow a fitness and diet regime and, today, looks better than ever. What are his secrets to a fantastic figure? Earlier this week, Olly shared a recent video of himself on his Instagram, flaunting his trim frame. The singer’s fans were quick to comment on his toned chest, with many praising his appearance. Ashley Raksu wrote: “Mate you are in amazing shape!!!!” and David Stewart said: “Unreal.” READ MORE: Diet: Expert warns against common mistake Vicky Pattinson commented: “F***ing hell mate!!! You look class! Well done.” Bradley Simmonds added: “Looking unreal mate.” But how did Olly lose weight in the first place? In 2020, he opened up about his weight gain and how he managed to lose it, shedding almost two stone. DON'T MISS: Diet: 5 myths of Military Diet that could have adverse effects [LATEST]Dr Michael Mosley shares 3 alternatives to help cut down on carbs [ADVICE]Fitness: Best way to warm-up for strength training [HEALTH NEWS] He shared his transformation with fans at the time, showing them both a before and after picture of his weight loss journey. In an Instagram post, he wrote: “Ain’t bad for 35yr old! My ambition to be a ‘butler in the buff’ is coming true. “The pic on the left was January 2! I was like ‘f**k me I look massive’. “Weight was doing me no favours, grumpy, no energy, sleeping was awful so I made some adjustments and I’m actually buzzing now I’m off to get a McDonald’s.” In the second photo, showing his transformation, it appeared that Olly had gained muscle and abs. Speaking to the Sun at the time, the singer revealed he had lost almost two stone. He said: “I was 14st 3lbs. I'm always between 12st 8lbs and 13lbs. And I'm 12st 8lbs now. “To be that heavy was not good for me. I did not feel fit, I was having really bad sleepless nights, I was grumpy. “I just wasn’t myself so I’m glad I’ve got back to where I feel most comfortable.” Olly added that recovery from a serious knee operation in June 2019 had contributed to his weight gain. He said: “When you have major surgery like I did, there were many days where I did nothing at home on the sofa. I couldn't walk, let alone exercise, and I was so bored, so I would often raid the sweet drawer.” The singer was also motivated by his bodybuilder girlfriend Amelia Tank to lose weight. However, he stressed that although Amelia helped him, “you’ve got to help yourself” too. Olly continued: “I’ve got to get off the sofa and in the gym, I’ve got to eat the right foods. “At the end of the day, I’ve got to control what I put in my mouth and I’m in control of what I do in those situations. “[Amelia] was great, but I was the one who steered it really.” In an interview with Heart Radio at the time, the TV personality added: “She’s [Amelia] brilliant and she’s been absolutely fantastic. She just gave me that extra little bit of encouragement and she says it’s not up to me to do it, you’ve got to be able to do it yourself. “You’ve got to get up to do it every day. So I was like, okay I will. So, she did this little nutritional plan for me and I just went out and did it and loved it. And I still love it now.”