Helen Patrick was the first contestant in the hot seat for the new series of Who Wants to be a Millionaire? She blitzed through a series of questions read out by host Jeremy Clarkson and did not need to use any of her lifelines until she had a considerable amount of money in the bank. This left ITV viewers believing the questions were not difficult enough.  Jeremy began: "There are 15 questions, if you get them all right, then you win £1million - that's it." As the episode got underway, Helen, from Poole, flew through the first eight questions on the ITV programme. For the first question, Jeremy asked: "Which of these is the name of a toy that is spun around the body by gyrating the hips?" The options were, Nik Nak, Monster Munch, Kettle Chip or Hula Hoop - with the latter being the correct answer. READ MORE: The Big Breakfast viewers 'gutted' Channel 4 series airs final episode  For the £500 question, Helen was asked if Reading, Cheltenham, Newquay or Scarborough were towns in North Yorkshire. She was confident the answer was Scarborough and she continued to answer questions correctly while hoping questions about music or history would arise. Helen did not need to use her lifelines until she was on the £16,000 question and she used her 50/50 choice. She had to use her next lifeline when Jeremy asked: "In 2020, who became the first female artist to have a solo UK number one in five consecutive decades?"   More than 70 per cent of the studio audience felt Kylie Minogue was the answer, and they were correct. Helen shocked herself when she reached the £64,000 safety net and got a free shot at the all-important £125,000 question. To her relief, she answered it correctly and decided to walk away with £125,000 after using her 'phone a friend' lifeline and her final lifeline, where she asked Jeremy his thoughts. Many viewers were thrilled for Helen, who wanted to buy a campervan and other items with her prize money, but many felt the questions were too simple. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson defends Russell Brand after uproar over pub plans  [MUST SEE]The Grand Tour boss lifts the lid on tension between stars [UPDATE]Richard Hammond skewers Jeremy Clarkson over 'horrible' farm produce [INSIGHT]   @Bevbloggs tweeted: "Not needed one lifeline to answer the questions on #whowantstobeamillionaire so far, not because I’m any kind of brainiac but because they have been incredibly easy questions." Wendy added: "They've certainly been easy questions so far. #WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire." Richard Savill penned: "Don't think I've seen an easier set of questions to reach £64,000 before. On that last one, the answer was obvious yet she chucked two lifelines #WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire." @Legen_dary93 said: "Have the questions been easier tonight because I’ve gotten every one right and that’s very rare? #whowantstobeamillionaire."  Shaky exclaimed: "Helen decides to walk away with £125,000 in her pocket! Good call I say! #WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire." Stewart McGill added: "Sometimes there is a contestant on #whowantstobeamillionaire that you’re rooting for and Helen Patrick is definitely one of them. To be so calm and characterful under pressure is mad!" (sic) The second contestant of the night, Owaiz Khan, left the game show with an impressive £32,000. Who wants to be a Millionaire continues next Saturday at 9.30pm on ITV. 