Rio Ferdinand claims Harvey Elliott has the arrogance to be a top player for years to come. Liverpool midfielder Elliott has had a strong start to the season but Ferdinand has warned him not to be sidetracked by a potential call-up to the England squad for the World Cup later this year. The 19-year-old has now started Liverpool's last five Premier League matches. He scored his first top-flight goal in the 9-0 drubbing of Bournemouth at Anfield last weekend. Ferdinand has been hugely impressed with what he has seen from Elliott. He says talk of a potential England call-up must not distract him from his performances at club level. However, the Manchester United legend believes the teenager has a key quality in order to have a stellar career. Ferdinand told BT Sport: "He could be [called up by England] but as a kid, as a young player, you've just got to take that out of the equation. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd Antony pressure, Arsenal Luiz solution, Chelsea warned  "You've got to think about playing well for your club, the other stuff will take care of itself. What I will say about him, he's got a real, nice arrogance about him. "I think all the top players have a certain amount of arrogance around them. He has that. "He feels like he should be playing. He's a massive Liverpool fan himself, he and his family have followed the team for years. "But this kid, I don't think he will be sitting there going 'oh, I'm surprised I'm playing'. I think he's sitting there going 'I expect to play'. DON'T MISSChelsea boss Tuchel's brutal three-word message to Gilmour after exitArsenal predicted XI vs Man Utd as Arteta sweats on three playersMan Utd left Rangnick 'astonished' with Ten Hag summer activity  "A bit more output in terms of assists and goals, and he will be on his way. But a tremendous talent." Former Liverpool striker Peter Crouch has hailed how Elliott has returned from the broken ankle he suffered early last term and reckons this season could be a real breakthrough campaign. Crouch said: "I’ve been really impressed. "I said at the start of the year it could be a really really big year for him, it’s proven to be the case. I think people forget he was first choice last year, he was just very unlucky with injuries - that’s the thing that held him back. "He’s got plenty of ability, he can come inside, he’s built a good relationship with Trent and Salah, he can pick a pass and I think Liverpool’s midfield has been industrious under Jurgen Klopp but he can be the real key because he can unlock defences. If he adds goals to his game I think he will be a real top player." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 