Liverpool forward Darwin Nunez appears to have been filmed shouting ‘f*** you’ at the Newcastle squad after his side’s 2-1 victory at Anfield on Wednesday night. Tensions between the two clubs flared after a controversial late winner by Fabio Carvalho in the 98th minute. Alexander Isak, who only received his work permit to play in the match hours before kick-off, put Newcastle ahead in the 38th minute with a smart finish following a Sean Longstaff. The Reds then equalised through Roberto Firmino, before the true drama began. With the score level, the fourth official indicated that there would be a minimum of five minutes added time. Liverpool then took the lead after Carvalho fired a fierce volley into the roof of the net following a corner – though Newcastle complained that the match had gone way beyond the 95 minutes that were announced. The two clubs on the sideline – besides Jurgen Klopp and Eddie Howe – came to blows and words were exchanged. And footage shared on social media appears to show summer signing standing on his share shouting ‘f*** you’ at the Magpies - though the lack of volume in the clip means that it is not a certainty that this was his exclaim. MUST READ: Liverpool and Arsenal can sign £12m star who Gunners were quoted £55m for The Uruguayan appears to have been vocal throughout the match in Merseyside, with @avalallana tweeting: “My dad sits behind the dugout and says Nunez was screaming putas at all the Newcastle players.” The word ‘putas’ is a general derogatory term in Spanish. Nunez was suspended for the match after being shown a straight red card against Crystal Palace for headbutting Joachim Andersen, and his passionate streak is starting to show very early in his Liverpool career. Though Klopp will be sure to inform the former Benfica forward to keep a level head when he returns to the side at the weekend in the Merseyside derby. MORE TRANSFER NEWS...Liverpool boss Klopp may get Kone transfer aid by ex-Dortmund signingMan Utd talks for Frenkie de Jong transfer 'still ongoing'Chelsea 'to wait until January' for £12.6m transfer as deadline nears Newcastle supporters have been vocal about their complaints as to why the referee decided to play three minutes over the minimum amount of added time – though an injury to Nick Pope was pointed at as to one reason why. Speaking about the matter, Howe said: “I would need someone else to guide me (why there was so much added time). As I am sat here, I have no idea. It seemed the final whistle would never come but we needed to defend the final situation better than we did. It is a cruel game. “Compared to the game at Anfield last year, we were in it more. We didn’t intend to drop deep, we didn’t until the latter minutes. We defended well. You have to take into account that we had a day’s less preparation. Our players emptied their tank.”