Arsenal technical director Edu may be about to break his own transfer vow by making a short-term signing before tonight's deadline, according to reports. Edu has previously been claimed to be steadfast in his approach to only sign players with a long-term view. Arsenal have made five signings so far this summer. Four of those have been outfielders, with none older than Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko at 25. The plan for Edu and manager Mikel Arteta has been to recruit young players with huge potential in recent transfer windows. With Mohamed Elneny and Thomas Partey going down with injuries, Arsenal have turned their attention to signing a midfielder before the 11pm transfer deadline. Earlier this week, following news of Elneny's injury, The Athletic claimed Edu would not look for a short-term solution and instead follow the recent strategy. However, the Independent says there could be a potential change of heart from the Gunners chief. Transfer news LIVE: Chelsea £43m bid, Man Utd deal, Arsenal eye £20m ace  The report says Arsenal could look for a stop-gap signing in order to bolster their midfield resources. Arteta was already in the market for a midfielder but the recent injuries have made it a priority. Aston Villa star Douglas Luiz has become a top target on deadline day, with a £20million bid having been made. But it appears Edu may also be open to a short-term signing, though it isn't clear if that would be alongside Luiz or if that deal falls through. Edu has spoken openly about Arsenal's transfer strategy of late. He has claimed that gone are the days where big contracts are handed out at the Emirates for players who are in their late 20s and early 30s. DON'T MISS:Man Utd have another Ruud van Nistelrooy on transfer deadline dayRodgers makes deadline day Tielemans decision as Arsenal make late approachTwo players want to join Man Utd before the window shut at 11pm  Speaking earlier this year, Edu said: "Even, I’m sorry, if you have to pay. To leave is better. Because that guy is sometimes also blocking someone. “I know it hurts, I know it’s strange when I go to the board and say, ‘Sometimes it’s better to pay a player to leave than maintain them’. But I consider it an investment. "Sometimes people say, ‘It’s expensive’. I say, ‘No, it’s investment’. But someone will pay if you sell? No, guys - if the player is above 26, 27 and not performing, big salary, no chance.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here To watch Arsenal's All or Nothing documentary for free, sign up for a 30-day Amazon Prime trial here 