Bradley Walsh is known for a variety of TV shows including The Larkins, The Case and Blankety Blank. When he’s not filming for the television, he resides in his Essex home, reportedly worth £2.5million. Located in Epping, Essex, the home comes complete with five bedrooms, a sauna as well as a gym. Epping is a popular market town located 17 miles northeast from the centre of London. Last year, Epping came second in property finders Garrington’s list of the 18 best small towns in England to live. The town is particularly attractive to commuters travelling into the city with direct trains in under an hour. At the time, a spokesperson for Garrington said: “Its strategic location so close to London - it even has its own stop on the London Underground rail network. “It attracts both commuters and those eager to retire to a village community within easy striking distance of the capital.” READ MORE: Remove ‘yellow stains’ from toilet seats ‘properly’ with two items According to Rightmove, properties in Epping had an overall average price of £644,192 over the last year. The majority of sales in Epping during the last year were semi-detached properties, selling for an average of £622,577. Flats sold for an average of £353,613, while detached homes fetched an average of £1,026,250. Overall, sold prices in Epping over the last year were up four percent on the previous year and 10 percent up on the 2019 of £584,298. DON'T MISS:5 ‘paramount’ jobs to guarantee a ‘beautiful’ lawn this autumn [EXPERT]5 common laundry ‘mistakes’ to avoid when washing bedding [INSIGHT]‘Effective’ DIY methods to get rid of garden weeds [EXPLAINER] At the time of writing, the most expensive home on the market is up for £4,250,000, a gorgeous detached home with seven bedrooms and six bathrooms. Epping offers a variety of different homes from new build homes to characterful properties. One popular attraction in the area is Epping Forest, an area of ancient woodland with plenty of walks for residents and visitors. Bradley lives with his wife Donna Derby and their son Barney in their gorgeous barn-conversion. READ MORE: 10 ‘energy-guzzling’ household appliances ‘busting your budget’ Born in Watford, Hertfordshire, the TV presenter has amassed a huge fortune throughout his career. According to Celebrity Net Worth, Bradley is worth a huge £6million. Another celebrity who lives in Essex is Rod Stewart, who resides on the edge of Epping Forest with wife Penny Lancaster. Stewart lives in the large town of Harlow, located in the west of Essex. Founded as a new town, it is situated on the border with Hertfordshire and London. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea It is set in the heart of the Essex countryside and maintains a rural atmosphere with over one third of land use devoted to green spaces. The town was built after the Second World War to meet England’s post-war housing shortage. Other properties the singer owns include an oceanfront home in Palm Beach, Florida, which is reported to be worth £16million ($20million), which was purchased in 1995. He also has a 20,000-square-foot mansion, found in a gated area on top of Beverly Hills, called Beverly Park. The property is reported to now be worth around £48million ($60million).