Cameron Norrie came under fire from his opponent Holger Rune as the 28th seed accused him of taking too long to serve during their US Open third-round match. With the Brit serving for a two-set lead, the Danish teenager complained to the umpire and gave him the 'I've got my eye on you' gesture. But the seventh seed was unfazed and took a 7-5 6-4 advantage. Norrie came under fire while serving at 5-4 in the second set, as Rune complained about the length of the Brit's service motion. The 26-year-old had been forced to catch the ball and start his serve over again several times when the wind blew as he tossed it in the air but had managed to stay within the 25-second shot-clock time. "Are you kidding me?" the 19-year-old asked the umpire as he aired his grievances with the British No 1's service motion. "Just before the time runs out, he serves, every time." Rune continued to protest the umpire's decision not to warn Norrie, who would toss his ball into the air within the allotted 25 seconds but had sometimes been forced to catch and throw it again. "You really think he's not doing it on purpose?" the 28th seed added. JUST IN: Kyrgios' defiant message to fans who 'hate' him ahead of Medvedev tie  Norrie ignored his opponent's protests at deuce as Rune then gestured to the umpire, pointing from his own eyes to that of the official. But the world No 9 remained unbothered and secured a set point, finally closing it out 6-4 on his third set point. Many pointed out that the Dane's complaints were pointless, with Norrie managing to serve within the allotted time. British coach Calvin Betton was one who laughed off the world No 33's moans and tweeted: "Holger Rune is currently complaining to the umpire that Cam Norrie is ALMOST not serving within the shot clock. “Just before the time runs out, he serves, every time.” Yeah? And?" DON'T MISSSerena Williams' coach of ten years slammed for retirement messageVenus Williams backed to make same call as Serena after retirementDaniil Medvedev questions Nick Kyrgios friendship ahead of US Open tie  Rune went away after his complaints fell on deaf ears and he lost the second set. The 19-year-old saved a break point to hold on in the opening game of the third set but lost six in a row as Norrie managed to advance 7-5 6-4 6-1 in two hours and 12 minutes. The Brit still praised Rune after the match as he explained he was able to stay calm when serving out the second, despite the goings-on. "I think Holger is not easy. He can go through patches where he plays passively, then very aggressively, you have to be ready for anything," he said. "I think I stayed a lot calmer than he did. I managed to stay tough in the first set and when I was serving for the second set."