The Duchess of Sussex could soon put pen to paper and write her own tell-all memoir, following Prince Harry’s footsteps, The Sunday Times’ Royal Editor Roya Nikkhah has speculated. Meghan Markle revealed she came across her diary while she was sorting through things at Frogmore Cottage, her former Windsor residence, during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in May. Ms Nikkhah says that diary could give rise to a memoir. Speaking on The Royal Beat TV show, Ms Nikkhah said: "There was a very strong inference there and, of course, a reminder that she keeps a journal. "And that revelation like 'oh when she came back to Frogmore Cottage for the Jubilee, I rediscovered my journal that I had left there.' "Interesting, I was astonished to discover that she had left a highly private diary behind in Windsor rather than taking it with her "She has mentioned a couple of times in the last year or two -on another podcast that she did two years ago - that she kept a journal."  "And you know, I think there’s a very strong inference there will be more of an opportunity," Ms Nikkhah said. "We know that Harry is bringing out a book. We don’t know when but quite soon, it’s implied. "That Meghan could write her own memoir." In a bombshell interview with the fashion magazine The Cut, Meghan Markle revealed that she found her forgotten journal at Frogmore Cottage in June when she and Prince Harry attended the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. READ MORE: The Queen knows exactly she is doing, says IAN McNICHOLAS She had not read the content of the notebook since she moved to North America in January 2020. She admitted to being surprised to re-read some of the entries she made. "You go back and you open drawers and you're like, Oh my gosh. This is what I was writing in my journal there?" she told The Cut. Since she left the Firm, the Duchess of Sussex has accused Buckingham Palace of racism and of failing to assist her when she was suffering from mental health problems. Because of these incidents, Meghan could be motivated to document her ordeal. DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle ridiculed after 'meltdown' from podcast diva swipe [REPORT] Meghan Markle's white suit 'signifies peace and innocence' [REPORT] Timeline of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's UK visits since Megxit [EXPLAINER] The Royal Family are now reportedly concerned about the possibility of Meghan writing a book with the diary entries. Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will visit the UK on Monday to attend the One Young World Summit in Manchester on September 5th, before heading to Germany for Invictus Games Dusseldorf 2023 One Year To Go event. Then, the Sussexes will return to England for the WellChild Awards on September 8th before flying back to their mansion in Montecito, California. READ NEXT:Mandela's grandson slams Meghan's 'watered down' wedding parallelMeghan Markle's US success branded a 'nightmare' for Kate and WilliamPrince Charles welcomed Meghan with love, says ANGELA EPSTEINMeghan Markle called out for major ‘backtracking’ on social mediaMeghan 'trying to mess up Royal Family', Diana designer claims