Richard E Grant, 65, has taken to Twitter to mark a year since the death of his wife Joan. He shared a short, sweet video clip of himself and Joan dancing in their home with his 315,100 followers. In the clip, their daughter, Olivia Grant, filmed the cute couple as they swayed lovingly to Yazoo’s Only You, as Joan cosied in tight to her husband. The caption read: “Still cannot compute that my beloved wife, Joan, mother of our daughter ⁦@OliviaGranted⁩, died a year ago, this evening. “Holding each other’s hands until her final earthly breath. Forever dancing in my heart.” Fans shared their thoughts on the post and gave their sympathies and heartwarming support. READ MORE: Helen Skelton struggles with 'feral' kids after Richie Myler split @LouiseHolan related to the post, writing: “It’s my dad’s first anniversary today too, although we lost him in the morning. “The kindest man in the world, loved by everyone who knew him, a devoted grandad. “Oddly comforting thing to share, the anniversary of losing a loved one, ever so slightly know what you’re going through.” @RevRichardColes wrote: “So sorry Richard — and solidarity.” Lesley Nicol said: “Dearest Richard - I am only four months down the same road - it’s indescribable- bless your heart. “Sending love xx” It comes after the star’s wife, Joan Washington, was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer two years ago, and died last year in September. Writing in the Daily Mail about their life together, Grant said: "It's an extraordinary phenomenon to be truly 'seen' and 'known' by another human, and in Joan, I found someone who innately did both. DON'T MISS... 'Breaks our hearts' Matt Baker's sad admission about family life [INSIGHT]Monty Don's followers issue support as he faces problem at Longmeadow [ANALYSIS]Sue Barker 'upset & angry' after Cliff Richard 'dumped her over phone' [UPDATE] "To have loved one another for almost four decades has been the ride of my lifetime." He revealed his late wife’s death on September 3, sharing the clip that he recently shared for the first time. In the original post, he wrote: “Joan - Love of my Life & Giver of Life to our daughter Olivia. “Our hearts are broken with the loss of your Life last night. 35 years married & 38 together. “To be truly known and seen by you, is your immeasurable gift. Do not forget us, sweet Monkee-mine.” (sic) At the time, celebrity friends and fans of the actor posted their tributes and well-wishes. @Vicky_McClure wrote: “I’m so so sorry to hear this Richard. Sending you & your family all my love.” @Baddiel said: “Very sorry to hear this, Richard. Thinking of you.”