Guillem Balague has told Arsenal fans to be careful what they wish for after former manager Unai Emery guided Villarreal into the semi-finals of the UEFA Champions League. Once again, the Spanish tactician showcased his ability to devise an excellent game plan to nullify the Bundesliga giants before kicking them out on the counter-attack through Samuel Chukwueze. Villarreal were expecting to face barrages of Bayern attacks after taking a 1-0 lead from the first leg to Germany. Yet they were able to defend resolutely thanks to Emery's organisation before striking on the break in the final minutes of the contest to seal their place in the last four. While Villarreal's La Liga form has faced scrutiny this season, nobody can take away their achievements in Europe following last season's Europa League triumph against Manchester United in Gdansk. Last night's masterclass at the Allianz Arena prompted Balague to defend his compatriot Emery, who was sacked by Arsenal in November 2019. READ MORE: Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star Gabriel "Not good enough for huge amount of #Arsenal fans," Balague wrote on Twitter. "Their demand for solutions NOW ignoring long term plans means Unai had to look somewhere else for his place in the world. Villarreal's gain! "Remember that when you wish drastic changes after every defeat under [Mikel] Arteta..." The pressure is already starting to mount on the current Arsenal boss following back-to-back defeats to Crystal Palace and Brighton in the Premier League. And if Arteta fails to secure the return of Champions League football this time around, his job could potentially fall under threat. DON'T MISSArsenal braced for five summer departures and six more could follow to boost transfer fundArsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting BenficaArsenal's perfect summer transfer window consists of four signings including two strikers Emery was sacked just a few months into his second season at the helm, after failing to deliver a top-four finish. But now Balague has reaffirmed that patience and belief in a plan may hold the key to success. Newcastle came close to luring Emery to St James' Park in November before he decided to reject the move in favour of staying with Villarreal. The Yellow Submarine boss was also mocked for his grasp of the English language during his time with Arsenal, something that does not bother Emery "In Paris, I spoke in French. In England, in English,” he recently said during an interview. “Not perfect English, but I gave talks of 20 minutes and the players understood, my messages were getting through. Some people pointed to my press conferences, but for me, the language was not a barrier in England, or in France. “[When playing] I had John Toshack [Welsh] at Real Sociedad. He never spoke perfect Spanish and had his own pronunciation, but we took it with humour, we understood him perfectly. "My English was not perfectly pronounced, but it was English, like Toshack speaks Spanish. With ‘Good ebening’, I stress the ‘B’ a lot, we do that in Spanish, but it did not bother me, I liked it.” Emery could just be the most disrespected and under-appreciated coach in all of Europe.