Gary Neville uncharacteristically produced an X-rated analysis of Thiago Alcantara's performance after Liverpool thumped Manchester United 4-0 at Anfield on Tuesday night. Thiago dominated the midfield battle as Liverpool outclassed their wounded rivals on Merseyside. Ralf Rangnick's midfield options were already scarce heading into the match. After Paul Pogba picked up an injury after just 10 minutes, Nemanja Matic was the only recognised defensive midfielder on the pitch. Bruno Fernandes, whose traits lean predominantly towards attacking, was forced to fill in and struggled to contain Liverpool's might. After a challenging maiden season in Jurgen Klopp's squad due to injuries and widespread inconsistent form, Thiago has come into his own and is playing a crucial role in Liverpool's hunt for an unheard-of quadruple. And Neville was blown away by the ease of his night after noticing the Spaniard was 'laughing' when substituted. He told the Gary Neville Podcast: "What Liverpool have done tonight is toyed with Manchester United. Thiago was laughing when he came off, he was laughing at them all game. I don't normally swear on the Gary Neville Podcast, but he took the f*****g p**s out of Manchester United tonight. That was so simple for the Liverpool players." JUST IN: Mikel Arteta ‘sends Arsenal scout to Paraguay’ on transfer mission During Sky Sports' live coverage, Neville didn't hold back from slamming United after reaching their latest low point since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement. The former right-back, who won 20 trophies throughout his career at Old Trafford, labelled the one-sided affair 'sobering'. "United were a million miles away from that Liverpool team in every department. On and off the pitch," Neville explained. "It was a sobering evening. We expected it. Not one United fan came here with any hope whatsoever. That team has got nothing." He added: "I've never seen a Man Utd team wilt and be as flaky in a game of football in my 40 years." READ MORE: Eriksen to show Brentford 'respect' as Tottenham keen on reunion Thiago's display earned mass plaudits and was undoubtedly one of his strongest since joining Liverpool from Bayern Munich in 2020. The 31-year-old took 132 touches, maintained a 96 per cent pass accuracy with 108 completed and found the target with all six attempted long balls. He also created three chances, won seven of his nine ground duels, made three tackles and two interceptions. The quality and attitude of Thiago's performance were a stark comparison to those of the United players. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here