There were 7,800 deaths or injuries on UK roads in 2019 as a result of one or more driver being over the drink-drive limit. And now, experts at Scrap Car Comparison are highlighting to motorists the importance of keeping track of what they are drinking so that they are safe to drive the next day. Dan Gick, Managing Director of Scrap Car Comparison has provided his top tips on how to drink safely over this Easter weekend. Mr Gick said: “When it comes to drinking and driving, we all know that there are significant risks, as well as penalties involved. “We know better than to go out on a heavy drinking session and attempt to drive home, but the problems lie where people are trying their luck and thinking that they can do the maths to work out how much they can get away with.“ The expert continued: “As a general rule, it’s safer to avoid driving after drinking alcohol altogether and ensure you have other means of transport available, as many people will often assume that they’re safe to drive home after just one or two drinks - but this isn’t always the case." READ MORE: Cyclist hits out at driver who braked and injured him Motorists can also be convicted without actually driving the vehicle. It can also be determined that a person is “in charge” of a car if they are sitting in the driver’s seat of a stationary vehicle or are in possession of the keys with intent to use. In order to avoid any drink driving charges this bank holiday weekend, the experts at Scrap Car Comparison have provided the following tips. “Arrange for someone to be the designated driver – if you know you’re heading somewhere where there’s likely to be alcohol on offer, pre-plan with your group so that one person is responsible for getting you home safely and staying tee-total for the night. DON'T MISS Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes [REVEAL]British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] UK hit with more fuel shortages as drivers queue for diesel and petrol [INSIGHT] “Use public transport or pre-book a taxi – public transport can be a great way of getting home safely, but if you’d rather not wait for a bus, try pre-booking a taxi instead. “By booking in advance, you’ll have the security of knowing when and how you’re getting home, rather than risk waiting for hours or plans not coming together, and avoid being tempted to get in the car. “It’s always worth having a taxi number saved too, just in case you end up drinking alcohol when you weren’t planning to!” They added: “Leave plenty of time before getting behind the wheel – as we’ve seen, it can take quite a long time for alcohol to leave our systems, and definitely longer than just a couple of hours sleep after a late night. “If you’ve had a lot of drinks the night before, have a slow morning and don’t plan to drive until the afternoon, so you’re not running the risk of being over the limit.” Lastly they said: “Don’t be tempted to go out to your car – being deemed to be ‘in charge’ of a vehicle can put you at risk of a penalty, even if you aren’t actually driving, so avoid temptation and stay away from your vehicle once you’ve started drinking. Leave your keys at home!" Motorists have also been urged by experts at National Scrap Car not to overload their vehicles. The experts said that travelling with an overloaded car may not only be dangerous but also hinder the fuel efficiency. The experts said: “The first and easiest way to help improve your fuel efficiency is to remove any excess weight. “The heavier your car, the more fuel it takes to move so take unnecessary, bulky items out of the car. “It’s easy to get into a habit of using our car boots as an extra bit of storage but this is a great excuse for that car clean up you’ve been putting off for so long, such as the golf clubs you’ve been meaning to bring back inside, a pushchair that lives in the boot or a shovel for the winter snow that can be packed away.” They added: “Removing your roof rack or box is another way of improving your fuel efficiency by slowing your car down. “Roof racks make your car less aerodynamic, increasing the drag which in turn means the engine of your car will have to work harder. “Only pack what is necessary for your trip to help your fuel last longer.”