Emma Raducanu has split with her latest coach Torben Belz - and now plans to play under a “new training model” without a head coach. The US Open champion started working with the German in November and achieved their best result together when she reached the quarter-finals at the Porsche Grand Prix Tennis last week.  But the announcement comes just before this week's Madrid Masters - and with the French Open starting on May 22. The Bromley teenager said: “I want to thank Torben for his coaching, professionalism and dedication over the last half a year. He has a huge heart and I have enjoyed our strong chemistry during the time together. I feel the best direction for my development is to transition to a new training model with the LTA supporting in the interim.” Raducanu will play this week with the support of the LTA’s Iain Bates with no intention to appoint another head coach in the short term. The Bromley teenager made her breakthrough at Wimbledon last year under the guidance of Andy Murray’s father-in-law Nigel Sears. He was replaced for the US Open by Andrew Richardson as Raducanu became the first ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam title.  Richardson’s contract was then not renewed and Raducanu played the rest of the season without a coach while winning only two matches before a long search identified Beltz as her new coach. After contracting Covid in December, this year had seen her win only two matches in her first five tournaments as she suffered injury problems. Before the start of the clay court season, Raducanu spent a week in Italy working with Italian tennis legend Ricardo Piatti who has previously mentored Novak Djokovic and Maria Sharapova.   Raducanu most recently lost to Iga Swiatek in the last-16 of the Stuttgart Open, in what was a repeat of her defeat to the same opponent at Wimbledon last year. Speaking before the loss, Raducanu insisted she could not yet be compared with the Pole, saying: “Iga had been playing tennis full time for years before. She was on the ITF Tour, she was on the WTA Tour. "I hadn’t played for 18 months, was sitting for my exams, and didn’t really play that many tournaments or trained very much. “You can’t really compare the journeys because we’ve had different pathways. Since she won the Slam she’s done extremely well and remained consistent. I’m not sure when that will happen for me but I’m sure I’ll get there."