In an interview with journalist Jay Beecher, Ghislaine Maxwell’s brother Ian said: "I suppose we are never really going to know because it’s Prince Andrew and it’s all been swept away. However this is the Jubilee year of his mother, he is a dutiful son. This really causes her hurt, it’s obvious it would any mother.   "It causes her immense pain. "He’s just exceptionally embarrassed he doesn’t want to do anything to upset the year. "I think that he had to fold his tent, really and do the best he could by the Crown." The interview comes after Prince Andrew paid out an estimated £12 million last month to Ms Giuffre in a settlement.   Ms Giuffre alleges she was recruited to have sex with the Duke of York when she was then just 17, by Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffery Epstein. The Duke of York vehemently denies the claims made against him. Mr Maxwell, aged 66, continued: "Do I think that he had gone the other way and given evidence? "I don’t know, I think it would have been very difficult evidence for him to give.    READ MORE: Inside Princess Sofia of Sweden's 2,600 square feet royal villa "We have that example of the performance with Emily Matlis in 2019 so he’s not good in that one on one situation, and then a court where he is fighting for his life, I think it would have been very difficult. "However I also think that it would have been just as difficult for Giuffre as it would have been for him, he said produce the original of the infamous photograph in London, where allegedly the events that she says happened and she couldn’t produce it she’s never been able to produce that particular photo. "At one level I suppose it suited both parties that ultimately it went the way it went."    DON'T MISS: Queen given fake hand for when arm tires during royal engagements [INSIGHT]Queen secures victory for Jubilee horse race [COMMENT] ‘Lost in admiration’ Princess Anne amazes with 20 engagements [VIDEO] Mr Maxwell added: "I think he is very high profile target but we are just not going to know. "I think it’s interesting that he ended up paying what seemed a very large amount of money to her non-profit organisation and that’s unusual." The news comes as the Duke of York's daughters could lose the ability to become full-time working members of the royal family, because of the prospect of a slimmed-down monarchy. Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told the Daily Mirror: "We hear talk of the slimmed-down monarchy but there are tremendous advantages - especially for royals involved with charity. Would they want to? I'm not sure they would. "They are both happy, have families and also have a good work/life balance. I think, regardless, their names are automatically linked to their father. It's unavoidable." 