  Priti Patel, who has served as Home Secretary since 2019, is already facing backlash to her plan which involves shipping asylum seekers all the way to Rwanda after they have already arrived in the UK. Jeremy Clarkson has suggested that the “extremely pretty” African country is still a better alternative than “the damp basement of a Lancashire terraced house” in the UK.       Jeremy, 62, had a rather unusual take on the plan proposed by the Home Secretary, 50, comparing it to a game of Snakes and Ladders. However, he also seemed to take the view that things could be worse for the asylum seekers fleeing from hardship in their own countries. “It’s not the end of the world,” the Clarkson’s Farm presenter suggested. “I’ve been to Rwanda and it’s extremely pretty. “Certainly, I’d rather live there than in the damp basement of a Lancashire terraced house, which is where most migrants end up.” READ MORE: Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’     Jeremy also pointed out in his article last week that migrants could face ending up “back where they started” under the new plan. He wrote that if a migrant “arrives on a Kent beach in a small rubber dinghy” they will no longer be given a house here in Britain. Jeremy explained how asylum-seekers would now be flown to Rwanda instead, describing the migrant crisis as “a giant game of snakes and ladders." The Who Wants to be a Millionaire? presenter then went on to describe what he imagined to be an African asylum-seeker’s journey to the UK.       “You wake up one morning in Africa and decide that you’d like to live in a country with free health care. So you roll the dice and off you go. Across the Mediterranean. Past the Italian border guards.” “All the way through the continent to Calais and then on a small inflatable to the beach in Kent, where you land on a snake and slither all the way back to where you started,” he concluded in his column for The Sun. Ms Patel is already in hot water over her controversial plan, which will send asylum seekers 4,000 miles away to have their claims considered by the Rwandan authorities. The scheme is intended to curb migrant crossings of the English Channel – with 60,000 expected to attempt it this year – and will see people who are deemed to have entered Britain by unlawful means resettled. READ MORE... James Martin shut down marriage plans with girlfriend [INSIGHT] Michael Bublé says he and wife almost ended their marriage [UPDATE] Roger Daltrey brands EU a 'cartel' which is 'punishing us' for Brexit [NEWS]      Prime Minister Boris Johnson hailed last week’s announcement as an “innovative approach… made possible by Brexit freedoms”. He also confirmed the policy, which specifically aims to tackle small boat crossings in the English Channel, had been “nine months in the making”. The Prime Minister stated: “It will provide safe and legal routes for asylum while disrupting the business model of the gangs.” The new scheme affects people who are deemed to have entered Britain by unlawful means since 1 January.      That means that those who have entered the UK since that date could face being sent to Rwanda where they will be permitted to apply for asylum in the African country. Those sent to East Africa will be provided with accommodation while their asylum claims are being considered and, if they are granted refugee status, will be offered residency in Rwanda. However, once sent to Rwanda, those people are not expected to be given refugee status in the UK and will not be flown back to Britain, regardless of the outcome of their application. The UK government has given an initial £120 million to the Rwandan government under a trial of the scheme.    