Ian Wright has blasted Antonio Conte and his tactics against Brighton after Tottenham lost to the south-coast side at home. Spurs remain in the top four but have undone some of their recent fine form with the defeat. Arsenal legend Wright took aim at Conte after Tottenham's loss to Brighton. He admitted he could not understand the tactics on show in a lacklustre display from the white half of north London. Brighton claimed victory in the 90th minute of the match through Leandro Trossard. The Belgian capitalised on a Cristian Romero error before darting past Eric Dier to slide one away from Hugo Lloris' stretched arm. It was Tottenham's first home defeat since 13 February but this was has come as a surprise after a stretch of fine form recently from Conte's men. In recent weeks, Spurs have thrashed Newcastle, Leeds United, Aston Villa, West Ham and Everton. Yet on Saturday, Tottenham did not muster a single shot on target in a difficult afternoon at home. And Wright believes Conte got his tactics completely wrong against the Seagulls. He told Premier League Productions: "I can’t understand the tactics today, they played like an away side. "They weren’t passing through the lines, Harry Kane wasn’t coming short, they weren’t pressing Brighton high to win the ball in the last third, to win the ball in those high areas to then attack them and it was very confusing when you consider what they’ve done leading into this game. "But Brighton showed that little bit of class in the end and they won the game." The result has opened the door to the chasing pack hunting down a spot in the Champions League this season. Spurs remain fourth and three points clear of Manchester United, who beat Norwich through a Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick. Tottenham have six games left in the Premier League while Conte appeared to agree with Wright that the tactics might have been off on Saturday. He said: "The game was very difficult, a tactical game from both sides. "Brighton were very good to close every space. We moved the ball slowly. We are able to do much better than today. "Maybe a more fair final result was a draw but Brighton played a good game, well organised with a good manager. If you win against Arsenal and Tottenham away, it means the team is a good team. "We started very slowly. In my opinion, we can do much better than we showed today."