Even though there are no national restrictions on seeing loved ones, despairing families still face heartbreaking and indiscriminate bans. I'm A Celebrity star Ruthie is leading a campaign to enact Gloria's Law, named after her mother who spent lockdown isolated and alone. She says she is angry that watchdog the Care Quality Commission, which monitors care home standards, has failed to back her drive. Ruthie, 55, ambassador for care home campaign group Rights for Residents, said: "It's clear homes and providers now hold all the power. "Families trusted the Government and CQC to oversee them, to facilitate access, but they haven't. That is what angers me and so many families. We feel fobbed off. "It's like everybody is passing the buck and nobody is saying 'this is our problem and this is what we are going to do about it'. "Two years on we continue to have the most basic breaches of human rights. "These are Britain's forgotten and they are dying of loneliness, sadness and isolation. And unless there is a law, Gloria's Law, this will continue." Her mum Gloria was a former teacher who had Parkinson's and dementia, but rapidly deteriorated and was only able to see Ruthie through a window until her daughter fought to be allowed in. She died aged 87 last May at Spring Lodge Care Home in Ipswich. The CQC, set up in 2009 to regulate and inspect health and social care services in England, "wants regulation to be driven by what people expect and need from services".   It added that it "listens to and acts on the information it receives from people using services and their loved ones, including where we have information regarding concerns about visiting". But when asked if it supports the introduction of legislation to ensure visiting is a legal right, Kate Terroni, its chief inspector of adult social care, failed to address the question. She said: "Throughout the pandemic we have been clear the individual must be at the centre of decisions around visiting. "The Department of Health and Social Care released new guidance on March 15 which lifts visiting restrictions in care homes. "Our expectation remains homes follow government guidance, which is now to ensure visiting is unrestricted and we will follow up in instances where we are made aware that this may not be happening." Concern among families has risen since Ms Terroni, paid £165,000 a year, revealed the CQC has only asked a fraction of 14,994 residential care locations what they are doing to help families visit relatives. Some families say they are being charged for Covid tests before they are allowed in for visits which will cost them £150 a month. 