Manchester United and Arsenal will have a whole host of top-class strikers to choose from this summer should they seek to bring in new attacking talent. Under current circumstances it seems inevitable that both Premier League heavyweights will take a swipe at one or blockbuster names, which could set off a chain reaction of transfer activity throughout the continent. Man Utd interim boss Ralf Rangnick sparked fan excitement back in February when he claimed it was 'obvious' that the Red Devils would pursue a new striker in the summer. Indeed, Edinson Cavani is set to leave after the expiration of his contract, while Cristiano Ronaldo's future is murky after a mixed return to his former club. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta need not be quizzed about his summer transfer plans as his side look destined to be left without an out-and-out frontman regardless. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah will both be out of contract and at liberty to leave for free, while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has already jumped ship after a dispute with the Gunners manager. To soften the blow of potential big-name departures, both clubs will have a pool of big-name replacement options to choose from. The Telegraph claim that nine such players are set to become part of a lucrative transfer 'merry-go-round' this summer. JUST IN: Newcastle 'concerned' by Allan Saint-Maximin wage demands but exit could rest on Tottenham  Ligue 1 could see the most movement as Paris Saint-Germain's Kylian Mbappe, Lille's Jonathan David and Lyon's Moussa Dembele are all threatening to seek new challenges. While the former may only leave for Real Madrid, David has supposedly held a long-term spot on Arsenal's radar while Dembele has admirers at Old Trafford. Two Bundesliga heavyweights could also enter the fray with Erling Haaland and Robert Lewandowski potentially on the way out of Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich respectively. Clubs will be able to seal BVB's rampant Norwegian through a reported £63m release clause and 'Lewa' could push for an exit with one year left on his deal. DON'T MISSArsenal outcast Torreira eyes exit after being 'reborn' at FiorentinaArsenal in five-team battle for Gleison Bremer as Torino set priceArsenal icon Eduardo believes Arteta can emulate Klopp Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin flies the Premier League flag alone, although it remains to be seen whether suitors will be tempted to shell out given his torrid form since returning from a toe injury. The 25-year-old has notched just five league goals this term which could deter Arsenal from making a move, despite showing strong interest in the past. La Liga's sole representative comes in the form of Alexander Isak, who was linked with the Gunners in January and the Red Devils more recently. The Real Sociedad marksman has only bagged five times this campaign and boasts a hefty £76m release clause, but with a 6ft 4in frame, quick feet and youth on his side, he has still perked the interest of top clubs around Europe. Other options include Napoli frontman Victor Osimhen who is having another good season in Serie A, and Benfica goal-machine Darwin Nunez who is scoring at a rate of almost one per game in Portugal. The latter is particularly hot property of late and a reported £60m price-tag could make him a palatable option. Along with Arsenal and United, Manchester City may throw their hat into the ring regarding one or two of the names mentioned above. Haaland is believed to be their top target but, with competition set to be fierce for the 21-year-old, the Sky Blues may be forced to look elsewhere.