Arsenal have received a major boost in their attempts to sign Lautaro Martinez from Inter Milan. The Argentine is one of several strikers being courted by the Gunners after Mikel Arteta's personal request. Arsenal could be about to land Martinez at a bargain price as his time at Inter Milan could be drawing to a close. The striker is one of the top options being scouted by the Gunners. Manager Arteta is desperate to sign a striker this summer after making the position a priority in the transfer window. After Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang left in January, it has left Arsenal bereft of options up front. Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are the only forwards left but neither can be relied on for goals - the latter has not scored in the Premier League while the former only has four. To make matters worse, both are out of contract at the end of the season and do not appear to have any ambitions of renewing. It means signing a striker is pretty much a necessity while plenty have been linked with a switch. Everton star Dominic Calvert-Lewin. Espanyol's Raul de Tomas, Real Sociedad ace Alexander Isak and AS Roma frontman Tammy Abraham have all been looked at as potential options. But one that has long been on Arteta's wish list is Martinez, who was linked with a transfer last summer from Inter Milan. After losing Romelu Lukaku, though, the Italian side were not entertaining anymore departures to their frontline. However, that could change in the summer with the 24-year-old growing disillusioned with life at the San Siro. According to CalcioMercato, via Sport Witness, questions are being asked over whether he will stay at Inter this summer. There is plenty of interest in the striker, including Arsenal, while Barcelona and Tottenham have been linked with him as well. The report also states that there has been a dramatic drop in price. After penning a new contract last October, that dissolved a release clause worth £92million [€111m] and a bid of £58m [€70m] might be enough to prise the Argentina international away from Inter. The Serie A outfit would also prefer to sell him abroad to stop him from coming back to haunt them. Edin Dzeko appears to be a key starter under Simone Inzaghi as well, who has proved to be a more than apt replacement for Lukaku. And Martinez is less than pleased sharing striker duties with Alexis Sanchez and Joaquin Correa, further pushing him into a potential summer move.