Three is giving away £100 to spend on Amazon with iPhone pay monthly deals with 100GB of 5G data and an unlimited data allowance. Three's Unlimited plan costs £50 per month and includes a £50 upfront payment, while the 100GB iPhone 13 package, which also requires a £50 upfront payment and costs £49 per month, offers a saving of £119 across the 24-month plan compared with previous deals. As you'd expect, both packages include unlimited texts and unlimited minutes. As soon as you've signed-up for the new iPhone 13 deal, Three will send out the £100 voucher, which can be spent on anything available on Amazon UK. That includes Kindle eBooks, accessories for your iPhone – including the latest generation of AirPods, new gadgets, or subscriptions, like Amazon Music Unlimited to listen to tracks and playlists on your shiny new smartphone. If you're more of an Android fan that an iPhone lover, the good news is Three Mobile is also throwing in free Amazon gift cards with other devices. For example, you can claim a free £100 Amazon gift card when you switch to the Samsung Galaxy S21 FE 5G.  Across every plan for the Samsung handset, Three is offering six months free access to Disney+. While on the Unlimited plan, Three is also offering an additional £96 saving on the price of the contract. The Unlimited data deal for the S21 FE 5G includes a £30 upfront cost and will require a £41 monthly payment over the course of the 24 month contract. You will also get a £100 Amazon voucher if you pre-order the Xiaomi 12 handset, with the new flagship launching later this week on April 15.  Three's Unlimited data plan for the Xiaomi 12 costs £51 a month and includes a £30 upfront payment, plus you'll also get £164 worth of Xiaomi goodies thrown in entirely for free. The Xiaomi freebies you'll get are the Mi Smart Clock, Mi Smart Speaker, and a pair of Mi 360 home security cameras. If you've already got a handset you're happy with then Three is also giving away a free Amazon voucher worth £50 when you switch to one of its SIM-only deals. Not only that, but Three is also offering six months half price on a range of plans - including the Unlimited SIM which costs £10.50 a month for the first six months. 