Struggling Manchester United star Marcus Rashford could reportedly be handed a chance to impress expected new boss Erik ten Hag. Rashford has endured a dreadful season for the Red Devils, scoring just five goals in all competitions. He has found it difficult to impress interim manager Ralf Rangnick and was left on the bench despite United having no fit strikers for the visit of Leicester last Saturday. He eventually came on for the final 35 minutes, but his biggest impact on proceedings was colliding with Anthony Elanga as he shaped up to shoot. Reports have emerged that United could even be open to selling the 24-year-old in the summer transfer window. A number of clubs are thought to be eyeing moves for the attacker, handing him a fresh start after a torrid 12 months at Old Trafford. But it now appears that United could instead make a U-turn on that decision to allow the England international to leave. The Red Devils are set to overhaul their squad in the summer, under a new manager, with Ten Hag the preferred candidate. READ MORE: Man Utd's Donny van de Beek set for shock call if Erik ten Hag hired And according to The Sun, every candidate the Red Devils interviewed for their manager's position insisted 'in no uncertain terms' that Rashford stay at the club. It is stated that it has been 'stressed' to Rashford that he is still valued at Old Trafford. There is hope that that new charm offensive can convince the attacker to stay and 'reignite' his United career. While Rashford is concerned that Rangnick has overlooked him, club chiefs have made it clear he is seen as a 'vital asset' who will be a key player under any manager they appoint. DON'T MISS: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer (TRANSFERS)Man Utd 'ready to break transfer record' to sign Declan Rice (NEWS)How Man Utd missed out on signing Chelsea conqueror Karim Benzema (INSIGHT) United travel to Everton on Saturday with Cristiano Ronaldo avaliable for selection again, wih Rashford likely to be on the bench. And Rangnick made it clear in the aftermath of the draw against Leicester that Rashford has to work harder to force his way into his plans. "Marcus, it’s no secret that he is not having his best time right now, it has to do with rhythm and confidence. It’s our job to help him to get this confidence back. In the end he has to do it himself obviously, but the only thing we can do is speak to him regularly and tell him what we expect from him and what he should do. The rest has to be done by himself," he said.