Fuel prices hit record highs in March following international tension stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine as well as higher oil prices. Motorists could soon see some relief from the high petrol and diesel prices as Governments act to lower costs for consumers. Paul Holland, managing director for UK Fuel at Fleetcor, believes that fuel prices will begin to stabilise soon after weeks and months of international turmoil. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, he said: “Oil prices are going to go down when the market expects either oil supply to go up, or demand to fall. “In the past week, increased concerns over Covid lockdowns in China has reduced the price of oil, which should filter through to the pump in a week or so time, assuming nothing material happens to impact this. “Longer term, the solution is going to come from fixing the problems that have taken us to this point. READ MORE: Driver clocked at 'ridiculous' 148mph “We’ve already seen the US try to persuade Venezuela to release some of their oil reserves, and although that deal collapsed there are other countries who could release their reserves, and countries like the US and UK who can increase their own production through fracking. “Neither will happen overnight – but it’s important to bear in mind that the current situation isn’t good for anyone, so oil-producing nations are working on solutions and hopefully prices will start to go down some time soon.” Currently, RAC Fuel Watch still expects that all fuel type prices “should fall” in the future. Petrol prices are an average of 162.08p per litre, while diesel drivers will face steeper costs at 176.32p per litre. DON'T MISSGrandad's fury as £37k Land Rover not built one year after order [INSIGHT]Diesel drivers face new parking costs three times higher than EVs [SHOCKING]Controversial EU law scrapped as motorists set to save £2billion [BREXIT WIN] The price of super unleaded continues to drop, with drivers opting for E5 and other high octane fuels setting motorists back 170.91p per litre. Environmental action groups like Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion have protested at oil refineries around the UK in recent weeks, causing some shortages in southern England. This comes as new research has found that only 10 percent of drivers are getting the best price at the pumps. Just one in 10 drivers search for the cheapest fuel in their area, with 77 percent saying low costs encourage them to purchase fuel from a specific supplier. As it stands, petrol-engine drivers will be spending an additional £17.6billion this year if prices remain the same as they are now - further price rises could see this number increasing even more. Diesel drivers are also feeling the blow, with a projected increase of £12.3billion in costs for running a car on diesel fuel. The majority of drivers are not motivated to purchase their fuel from a particular provider, with 30 percent simply choosing their closest station. A further 29 percent admitted having no pattern to how they purchase fuel. Ryan Fulthorpe, motoring expert at GoCompare, said: “Opting for a closer supplier can often be an economical way to purchase fuel, as you could burn off any savings you make by commuting to a cheaper station further away. “To work out how much you’re spending driving to a petrol station, you can use our journey cost calculator. “Having said this, we’ve also noticed that many petrol stations within metres of each other are offering hugely different prices.” Tesco was the favoured place by UK drivers to purchase their fuel from, popular both among those motivated to purchase from a particular supplier and those who purchase fuel from the same place as their groceries. The research also showed that most consumers don’t favour any particular trends or habits when it comes to filling up.