The European Commission proposed sweeping new sanctions against Russia on Tuesday including banning coal imports and halting trade worth nearly 20 billion euros in retaliation over possible war crimes in Ukraine. The new measures could be adopted this week after the approval of all 27 EU states. The proposals include banning imports of coal, wood, cement, liquors and seafood worth about 9.5 billion euros a year, according to the European Commission. A source said the restrictions would also hit caviar, vodka, rubber and chemicals. Coal alone is worth 4 billion euros a year, the Commission said. As a comparison, the EU imported about 100 billion euros of oil and gas from Russia last year. The Commission said it was working on possible sanction on oil, as well. Brussels is also proposing a ban on exports to Russia worth another 10 billion euros a year, including of advanced semiconductors, quantum computers, and other electrical and transport equipment. The export of technology for liquefied natural gas (LNG) would also be banned, according to a source. Russian vessels and trucks would be prevented from accessing the EU, further crippling trade. Energy products, food and medicines would be exempted, meaning for example that LNG cargoes from Russia would not be affected. Applying the sanctions may be complicated, officials have repeatedly said because it is not always easy to identify the origin of a cargo ship. The new sanctions would effectively halt transport of goods by road and sea. The EU has already banned air traffic with Russia. The commission also proposed banning all transactions with VTB and another three Russian banks which have already been excluded from the SWIFT messaging system. Thirty six more individuals, including oligarchs and politicians, will be added to the EU's sanctions list, according to an EU source. The existing sanctions list already comprises hundreds. In addition to this, separatist leaders would also be added. READ MORE: Over 300 dogs found starved to death in Ukrainian shelter  The Commission also proposed a ban on participation of Russian companies in public procurement in the EU and the exclusion of all financial support to Russian public bodies. But the new package of sanctions was branded a "sick joke" in the face of the EU's continuous financial support to Russia via gas and oil imports. Eurointelligence director Wolfgang Munchau said: "As a reaction to a war crime, the EU coal sanctions are a sick joke. "The predominant political story of this war is the feebleness of the European response." The EU is yet to cut ties with Moscow on oil and gas imports. Since Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24, the bloc has spent over 9 million euros for Russian oil and almost 10 million euros for Russian gas. DON'T MISS:China horror as prisoners have organs harvested while still alive [VIDEO]Joe Biden caught wandering around - ‘Lost again!’ [REACTION]Russian economy facing COLLAPSE with mega-recession this year [DATA] The Kremlin said on Tuesday that Western allegations Russian forces committed war crimes by executing civilians in Bucha were a "monstrous forgery" aimed at denigrating the Russian army. However, the UK Ministry of Defence said analysis of satellite imagery from March 21 - when the town was still occupied by the Russians - showed at least eight bodies lying in a street. In London, a Foreign Office source said announcements on new sanctions against Russia would also be coming from the UK side. On Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said economic actions so far were having a "crippling impact" and "pushing the Russian economy back into the Soviet era". She will join Nato counterparts in Brussels on Wednesday ahead of Thursday's full meeting of the alliance's foreign ministers. The meeting comes as British defence intelligence warned of a humanitarian catastrophe in the Ukrainian port of Mariupol, which has been besieged and bombarded by Russian forces. "The humanitarian situation in the city is worsening," the Ministry of Defence said. "Most of the 160,000 remaining residents have no light, communication, medicine, heat or water. "Russian forces have prevented humanitarian access, likely to pressure defenders to surrender." Boris Johnson issued a direct appeal to the Russian people to reject President Putin's war in Ukraine, which he called a "stain" on their country's honour. In a video message posted online, the Prime Minister urged Russians to download VPNs to enable them to circumvent the Kremlin's media controls and see for themselves the atrocities being committed in their name. Speaking in Russian, Mr Johnson told people in Mr Putin's country: "Your president stands accused of committing war crimes. But I cannot believe he's acting in your name". His intervention came after Ukraine's President, Volodymyr Zelensky, used a dramatic address to the United Nations Security Council to accuse the Russians of the "most terrible war crimes" since the Second World War. The Ukrainian leader called for the creation of a special tribunal along the lines of the Nuremberg tribunals, used to try leading Nazis, to bring those responsible to justice.