As part of wider plans to make Britain a global hub for cryptoasset technology and investment, the UK Government has announced it will be working with British coin maker Royal Mint to create its own NFT, to be issued by Summer. The decision has been made as a “forward-looking approach” towards cryptoassets and their exponential popularity. The development of the new NFT comes along with a number of other measures that, according to the HM Treasury, will ensure the UK financial services sector “remains at the cutting edge of technology”. Chancellor of the exchequer Rishi Sunak said: “It’s my ambition to make the UK a global hub for cryptoasset technology, and the measures we’ve outlined today will help to ensure firms can invest, innovate and scale up in this country. “We want to see the businesses of tomorrow – and the jobs they create - here in the UK, and by regulating effectively we can give them the confidence they need to think and invest long-term. “This is part of our plan to ensure the UK financial services industry is always at the forefront of technology and innovation.”  READ MORE: Brits are crazy for crypto - as a quarter consider it 'finance future'  As well as the new NFT, Economic Secretary to the Treasury John Glen announced additional measures to bring the UK "to the forefront of technology and innovation" at the Finance Global Summit today. These include introducing a ‘financial market infrastructure sandbox’ to enable firms to experiment and innovate; establishing a Cryptoasset Engagement Group to work closely with the industry; and exploring ways to enhance competitiveness of the UK tax system to encourage further development of cryptoassets. The Government also announced moves to see stablecoins recognised as a valid form of payment in the UK. Stablecoins are a form of cryptoasset that tend to be pegged to a fiat currency - such as the dollar - and are intended to maintain a stable value.  With appropriate regulation, the HM Treasury said these could provide “a more efficient means of payment and widen consumer choice”. The HM Treasury said in a statement on its website: “By recognising the potential of this technology and regulating it now, the Government can ensure financial stability and high regulatory standards so that these new technologies can ultimately be used both reliably and safely.” An NFT is a Non-Fungible Token. Non-fungible means unique, or cannot be replaced - unlike a bitcoin, which, if you traded one bitcoin for another, you’d have an identical, equal-valued bitcoin.  DON'T MISS: Ex-Whitehall ethics chief issued with 'partygate' fine [INSIGHT]7 biggest retirement saving mistakes - charges ‘eroding' pensions [EXPLAINED]Britons urged to better manage their cash as April price rises hit [ANALYSIS]    NFTs can be anything digital - drawings, music, videos - digital art, which are sold or traded for thousands to millions of pounds. They each have unique identification codes and metadata to distinguish them from each other, and they are kept on a blockchain, which is a database that stores information electronically in digital format. Multimedia platform The Verge explained: “Most NFTs are part of the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum is a cryptocurrency, like bitcoin or dogecoin, but its blockchain also supports these NFTs, which store extra information that makes them work differently from a coin.” NFTs are designed to give something that can’t be replicated. Although it’s digital and technically, you can copy or ‘save’ the prints, those who buy the art will own the “original” version, which depending on the NFT, will vary in value.  The NFT dates back as far as artist Kevin Mccoy’s Quantum print in 2014, a pixilated image of an octagon, but as of last year, the phenomenon has really taken off, with some selling up to $91.8million. In his Mansion House speech in July 2021, the Mr Sunak outlined his vision for the future of the financial services sector, which included a plan to ensure that the UK remains at the forefront of technology and innovation. The Government’s announcement to issue an NFT signals its commitment to a "forward-looking approach" to cryptocurrency technology and investment. 