The spring weather has seen gardeners flocking back to their outside spaces in preparation for summer. However, for novice gardeners, growing your own flowers for the first time can be intimidating. Every flower has its own unique specifications, from the amount of sunlight it requires to the type of soil it is best suited to. According to Gardeners' World, there are some flowers that are easier to grow from seeds than others. The experts explained: "You can sow many of these seeds straight out in the garden, in a patch of bare soil. "Or, if you don’t have space in the ground, you can grow them in pots and containers too." Here are five easy to grow flowers you can sow or plant this weekend. READ MORE: Grass care: How to 'safely' get rid of moss from your lawn Plant between March and May for flowers between June and August California poppies offer a splash of yellow and orange, or even sometimes red and pink, to your garden. According to Gardeners' World: "They’re super easy to grow, flower for months, and readily self-seed, so you get more flowers next year. "They’re also loved by bees and other pollinators." California poppies like to be planted in full sun and do best in poor, well-drained soil. They can also work well alongside wildflowers. DON'T MISSHow to wash a duvet in the washing machine [EXPLAINER]Adam Frost unveils plans for his new garden [REVEALED]'Lush and green': How to get the perfect lawn now [COMMENT] Plant between March and June for flowers between June and September Nasturtium plants produce bright orange, red or yellow flowers perfect for a colourful garden. They can be grown as a climber or amongst beds. Gardeners' World said: "They’re also a magnet for bees and are great for growing amongst your veg – they’ll lure white butterflies away from cabbages and aphids away from beans. "You can also eat the flowers and leaves and pickle the seeds." Nasturtium plants prefer free-draining areas and they actually thrive in poor soil. Make sure to plant them in an area where they will get at least half a day of sunshine. During dry spells, be sure to water your nasturtium - especially if they are in containers. Sow between March and May, plant out between May and June, for flowers between June and October Sweet peas are delicate flowers which offer a wide variety of colours from blue to peach. These flowers prefer to sit in open, sunny positions and enjoy well-drained but moisture-retentive soil. Sweet peas are well suited to growing in pots, but you should use peat-free compost and a slow-release fertiliser for healthy blooms. Sow seeds between March and May, plant out between May and June, for flowers between June and September. Sunflowers are a great way to get the whole family involved with gardening. They can grow up to heights of two metres and provide recognisable, large yellow blooms. Sow seeds in small pots March-May and plant out in the garden May-June. To grow sunflowers, you need a sunny, sheltered spot and good soil. Adding well-rotted manure can provide an added punch for sunflowers. Get the latest three-day weather forecast where you live. Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Plant between May and June for flowers between July and October. Cosmos flower in shades of pink, white, burgundy and even orange. They are also great for pollinators. Gardeners' World said: "You’ll need to act fast to give them as long a growing season as possible, so sow seeds in small pots as soon as you can. "Then, when all risk of frost has passed, gradually acclimatise them to outdoors before planting them out in May to June, and look forward to flowers July to October." Cosmos should be planted in a sunny spot with well-drained soil.