Those under state pension age and over 16 can claim Personal Independence Payments (PIP) if they need help with their personal care due to physical disabilities or health conditions. As millions of Britons struggle to find the extra money to pay soaring bills, people are being reminded to check they are receiving all the benefits they are entitled to. Earlier this year, the Scottish Government announced additional funding of £240,000 for services which help people living with chronic pain. The money was allocated to expand pain management services for 13 Scottish Government-funded projects across Health Boards, third-sector and other partners to deliver enhanced care for a range of services including the bladder and pelvic pain management programme and support for chronic hip, knee and back pain. One in five people in Scotland are living with chronic pain and many may not be aware that their condition could also entitle them to additional financial support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) either through Personal Independence Payment (PIP) or Attendance Allowance. People with a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition are being encouraged to see if they qualify for PIP. READ MORE: 'Don't know where to go' Dave Ramsey shares how 'panicked' woman can get by in retirement This means people who are thinking about making a new claim for PIP - whatever their health condition - should consider doing so as soon as possible. In the UK, there was a total of 2,881,401 people claiming PIP in January 2022. The benefit is designed to help people living with a long-term illness, mental health condition or physical or learning disability, but many people are put off claiming this essential benefit, wrongly assuming that they are not eligible. Claimants can receive regular support payments for a variety of disabling conditions, disorders and diseases. These include: These are the main disability categories, the umbrella term by which a total of 547 other conditions fall under. This list is only an overview of conditions, disorders and diseases and how the DWP lists the main disabilities being claimed for. PIP is made up of two parts - a daily living component and a mobility component - which have a lower and higher payment rate. The standard and lower payment rate of PIP are awarded depending on the severity of the claimant’s condition. Weekly payments for the daily living component are £92.40 for enhanced and £61.85 for standard. In comparison, the mobility component’s rates are £64.50 for enhanced, and £24.45 for standard. If someone were to claim the enhanced rate of both components, they would receive £156.90 a week. Some PIP applicants are able to claim both the daily living and mobility components of the disability payment. Britons don’t need to have worked or paid National Insurance contributions to qualify for PIP, and it doesn’t matter what their income is, if they have any savings or if they’re in or out of work. They must also have a health condition or disability where they: The DWP will judge the eligibility of one’s PIP claim on a period of 12 months, looking back for three months and forward for nine months - they must consider if your illness changes over time.