A Thap Quan, 48, crawled on the northbound carriageway of the M1 near junction 16 for Northampton west. Other motorists had to take evasive action to avoid a collision with Quan's Mini One until officers in a passing police car spotted the behaviour, and requested Quan to pull over. A court heard Quan was using her phone to ask someone how to operate the satnav. But last month, Quan was disqualified from driving for 12 months after admitting dangerous driving. She was also ordered to pay a £450 fine, £340 court costs and £34 victim surcharge at Northampton Magistrates’ Court. The footage, taken on the police's dashcam, was assessed by the Crown Prosecution Service, reports Northants Live. Quan, from Darlington, County Durham, also weaved across traffic - and over hatch markings - as she tried to find her way on August 15 last year. PC Mo Allsopp-Clarke of Northamptonshire Police’s Safer Roads Team said: "When the highway’s officer spoke to Quan, she admitted that she was trying to reset her sat nav whilst driving. "He advised her to drive the short distance to Watford Gap Services but when Quan drove off, she again drove extremely slowly, before coming to a stop whilst using her phone to ask someone how to operate the Sat Nav. "The highways officer continued to follow Quan, who drove off at 35mph and moved back into lane two. She remained at this speed before driving past the services towards junction 18. "She then cut across from lane two onto the slip road – driving over the hatch markings – and drove around the roundabout, re-joining the M1 on the southbound carriageway. "The dashcam footage captured Quan driving at slow speeds which was a danger not only to her but to other motorists and could have very easily ended in tragic consequences. "Reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured on our roads remains the priority for Northamptonshire Police and our partners at National Highways, and I’m pleased the courts have dealt with the driver positively." 