Newcastle United have joined Tottenham as one of seven clubs interested in signing Christian Eriksen this summer, according to reports. Eriksen's short-term contract at Brentford expires at the end of the season and the Bees are keen on keeping him in west London. However, they are set to face strong competition for the Denmark international. 90min.com claims Eriksen's former side Tottenham are keen on bringing him back to the club, but it is not clear if he would welcome a return due to the nature of his departure in 2020. Newcastle are also interested as the Magpies prepare to embark on their first summer window under their new Saudi Arabian owners. Aston Villa, Crystal Palace, Everton, West Ham and Championship leaders Fulham are all also credited with interest in the 30-year-old. The report claims Brentford are internally hopeful of convincing Eriksen to sign a new deal. The midfielder left Inter Milan last December by mutual consent. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake  Following the cardiac arrest he suffered at Euro 2020, Eriksen had an Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator (ICD) fitted. Serie A rules do not allow players to play with such a device so he had to leave the San Siro. Brentford reached out to Eriksen to offer him a chance of playing in England again. He signed a deal until the end of the season on transfer deadline day in January. He has a goal and an assist in his five Premier League appearances to date. Brentford have won all four matches that he has played the entire 90 minutes of. Brentford boss Thomas Frank said earlier this month that he hopes to convince Eriksen to stay beyond this season. Frank said: "In any footballer’s decision to move clubs there are a lot of aspects. DON'T MISSDele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]Barcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal talks for Arsenal star Gabriel [GOSSIP]Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Dejan Kulusevski with two things banned [COMMENT]  "It will be the same for Christian. To be fair, I know Christian quite well and one thing he’s good at is just enjoying the moment. "And I think he’s enjoying it even more. So we are not thinking too much of what is going to happen in two or three months’ time. "I’m just very pleased he’s playing for us. It’s no secret that I want him to continue next season. "I know Christian is enjoying his football and really enjoying being back. I know I will have to answer these questions until the end of the season, so let’s see what will happen."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here