According to the six-monthly bill Nicholas Baldwin received from his supplier Thames Water, his water meter was showing his usage to be the equivalent of him drinking 356,000 cups of tea or wallowing in 187,000 showers. As a result his monthly debit had shot up from £18 to £59, leaving him desperately worried. ++ If you've been affected by this issue or feel you've been a victim of injustice, please contact consumer champion Maisha Frost on maisha.frost@express.co.uk ++;  Nicholas does not enjoy the best of health, works part-time and lives modestly on a low income. “It was such a shock to see the increase, there’s no way with all the other price rises that I can afford this,” he told Crusader. When he contacted Thames about the problem, he was told to check for any leaks. “But there’s none I can find, it’s so confusing and I just feel it’s getting beyond my control,” he explained. We asked independent water expert The Consumer Council for Water (CCWater) for a first assessment. It confirmed that as this was a meter reading, and not a catch-up bill after a series of estimates, Nicholas’s usage did indicate either there was a leak somewhere or there had been a reading error. But also, given his vulnerability and limited earnings there could well be more help out there than he had been made aware of, so we asked Thames to see what was available. Matters have now taken a far more positive turn with Thames’ extra care team contacting Nicholas and confirming he qualifies for its WaterHelp tariff, for households with incomes below £20,111 and one of two that it offers. This will give Nicholas a 50 per cent discount on bills, while he is also eligible for the supplier’s Priority Services Register offering extra support for those with medical needs. Thames’ engineer also confirmed the problem in this case was a leaky loo, something that is a big cause of water wastage. Once this is fixed “we can adjust his bill to reflect that the increased usage wasn’t water he was actually using but a leak, meaning he won’t be charged for the leaked water,” said a Thames spokesperson. After Nicholas sought a solution from two different plumbers, he told Crusader: “One said probably a cracked cistern and to prepare to pay £700. “The other however said a broken seal on the flush that controls the water flow. The bill was a fraction of the other price. It’s now sorted and my direct debit is back to £18. I am so thankful for the help. “Customers should be warned when there is a big jump in usage, that would really make a big difference.” Water watchdog calls for fair warnings for consumers and social tariff justice not a “postcode lottery” The Consumer Council for Water (www.ccwater.org.uk) advises: check your water meter regularly and be sure it’s in line with your bill, monitor for a leak by taking a meter reading and then don’t use the supply for four hours after which take another reading to see if the dial has moved on. Also consider any changes in occupancy at neighbouring properties that might affect a reading that the supplier might be unaware of. “Water companies should be contacting customers before they receive a higher than usual bill so it doesn’t come as a shock to the household. They should be proactively helping the customer understand why their consumption and bill might have increased and what they can do to rectify it. "They can also take the opportunity to see if a household might be eligible for financial help,” says CCWater. “Eligibility for social tariffs varies from company to company – as does the amount of support you receive with your bill. We don’t think it’s fair that the current support you receive if you’re on a low income is a ‘postcode lottery’. “That’s why we’re campaigning for the introduction of a single social tariff across England and Wales that would offer consistent help for people who cannot afford their water bill – based on their level of need, not where they live.”