While the changes to National Insurance coming into force this month affect millions of working-age Britons, pensioners who are usually exempt from paying National Insurance face paying a Health and Social Care Levy next year, when the tax hike is separated from National Insurance. However, there are some ways pensioners can avoid paying the tax altogether or at least offset the extra financial burden. The controversial National Insurance hike of 1.25 percent is going ahead this month, despite the fact that people are struggling to meet the cost of living. Not everyone will be out of pocket, but National Insurance will hit 13.25 percent for people earning between £184 and £967 a week. From April 6, 2023, the 1.25 percentage point rise will be separated into a Health and Social Care levy. This will include pensioners who are still working after reaching the state pension age - which is currently 66-years-old - if they are earning more than the primary threshold for National Insurance. READ MORE: PIP claim: 14 questions to ask to determine eligibility From that date, state pension age employees earning more than the Class 1 threshold will have their employer deduct the levy for them using PAYE payroll. Self-employed workers who reached state pension age before April 6, 2022 with profits more than the Lower Profits Limit will need to pay the levy using Self Assessment. However, pensioners can avoid paying the levy by making sure they don’t earn more than the primary threshold if they work in a job that allows them to choose their hours. With salary sacrifice, employees and employers can save on National Insurance contributions according to experts like Ken Okoroafor who runs The Humble Penny. He said: "You might end up with less take-home pay but, in actual fact, it means the sacrifice will lessen the national insurance tax you pay."    DON'T MISS:Dragons’ Den cast ‘emotional’ after heart felt pitch for £60,000 [UPDATE]State pension: Britons urged to check National Insurance record [ALERT]Money making tips: One option sees pensioner earn up to £290 a day [INSIGHT] He added: "That may be something worth doing, particularly as the national insurance rates are going up by 1.25 percent." While this option may not work for everyone, pensioners can also make sure they are receiving all the Government help they are entitled to. Pensioners won’t have to pay National Insurance if they earn less than £184 a year and could also be eligible for Pension Credit. This could make a huge difference to people on a low income as it could also mean they are entitled to a council tax reduction, help towards energy bills and a free TV licence.  Pensioners may also qualify for thousands of pounds a year in Attendance Allowance and Personal Independence Payments (PIP). These benefits aren’t means-tested so it doesn’t matter how much someone earns or has in savings. Both these state benefits are designed to help people who have a disability or long-term health condition. Nearly three and a half million (3.4 million) British pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance which could see them take home an extra £3,515 per year alone.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea After doing a benefits check, people can also look at ways they can make more money to offset the rising cost of living. Express.co.uk recently spoke to pensioners to find out some of their best money-making tips. These ranged from switching banks to taking on flexible work as an extra, earning some pensioners up to £290 per day. It’s also possible to take in a lodger and earn £7,500 a year tax free. 