The first round of voting in the 2022 French election begins on Sunday, April 10, with Emmanuel Macron tipped to go through into the President run off voting on April 24. However, while the current French President is set for the run-offs, polling has dealt a blow to Mr Macron’s hopes. With three days to go before the first round of voting, a poll showed nearly seven out of ten French people want to change the president of the Republic. According to a CSA survey for CNEWS on Thursday, April 7, a total of 66 percent of those polled would like Mr Macron to give up his place to another candidate. In the poll, 43 percent said “absolutely yes" to Mr Macron giving up his post, as well as 23 percent saying “rather yes” Only 13 percent said “not at all” to a change in President, with a total of 33 percent disagreeing. The CSA poll also found the youngest are the ones who want the most to see Mr Macron leave the presidency. It found 79 percent of 18-24 year olds and 74 percent of 25-34 year olds want the current President to leave office. Conversely, 43 percent of those 65 and older think there should be no change of president. If the poll results are analysed by political affiliation, an unsurprising 91 percent of centrists think Mr Macron should stay in office. Supporters of the far right are the most in favour of a change, 99 percent for Reconquest and 97 percent for RN. The survey was conducted by online questionnaire from April 5 to 6, 2022 on a representative national sample of 1,009 people aged 18 and over, using the quota method. READ MORE: French election second-round polls: Le Pen closing gap on Macron  It comes amid a surge in support for Marine Le Pen, far-right leader of the National Rally party, days away from the first round of voting. A survey by Harris Interactive shows Ms Le Pen could fall just 3 percent behind Mr Macron in the Presidential run-off, with the current President set for 51.5 percent of the vote to 48.5 percent for the far-right leader. The survey was carried out online from April 1 to 4, 2022, with a sample of 2,531 people representative of the French population aged 18 and over, including 2,200 people registered on the electoral lists. While Ms Le Pen has not yet been forecast to beat Mr Macron in any poll about a second round of voting between the pair, the surge for the National Rally party leader has been tipped to be down to on-the-ground campaigning. Mathieu Gallard, research director at polling firm Ipsos, told POLITICO Ms Le Pen campaigned about everyday life problems such as the price of fuel and people’s purchasing power while Mr Macron met with world leaders over the Ukraine invasion. He told the outlet: “Le Pen did a proximity campaign, visiting a lot of small towns and villages. “Her trips were not very much covered by national press but had a big echo in local media. “She gave an impression of proximity, which is very important for French voters.” Mr Gallard also said: “She really broke with the style of her previous campaigns and her father’s campaigns. She did a campaign focused on purchasing power and not on migration and security.” A Harris Interactive poll from March 31 showed economic problems are by far French voters’ main concern, with 46 percent saying it is their first concern. The April 4 Harris Interactive poll also showed Ms Le Pen is considered more credible than Mr Macron when it comes to guaranteeing their purchasing power. Ms Le Pen has praised her own campaign in a radio interview with France Inter, saying: “I did my campaign in a serious way. “I have been on the field for more than six months now, I have brought up all the subjects preoccupying the French people. Others didn’t campaign, it’s a choice.” She also accused Mr Macron of not fully taking part in the campaign and criticised him for declaring his candidacy at the very last moment. Mr Macron officially declared his candidacy for the 2022 election on March 3, a day before the deadline to register. Ms Le Pen has also avoided getting stuck in a debate on the Ukrainian war, despite her previous links to Vladimir Putin. In 2017, Ms Le Pen visited the Kremlin as her part of her presidential campaign and backed Moscow’s 2014 annexation of Crimea. Additional reporting from Maria Ortega