Stanislav Salamai, 26, could not persuade his parents or elder brother to abandon their home even as president Putin’s forces massed on the country’s borders. He escaped a week before the war began and after a month travelling across Ukraine, Poland and Germany has been granted a visa and found a home at a vicarage in Walthamstow, East London. The young mechanical engineer said he tried to convince his mother, father and brother that war was coming and they should leave their home 100 miles south of Kyiv. He said: “They did not want to leave. We did not know for sure then that such a serious war was coming. “We thought my family would be safe, they live in a town that is two hours’ drive south of Kyiv. We grew up there. My family’s house is there. They have jobs. It is their home. “We agreed I would go on my own and I packed a small bag. “My father and brother did not want to leave and my mother would not go without them. So they stayed. Now they cannot leave.” Stanislav is in contact with his family every day and he says they are often sheltering underground due to the threat from Russian air and missile attacks.  He said: “I message them almost every day and speak to them some days… At this point, Stanislav, an articulate and composed young man speaking three days after he arrived in the UK, broke down. Fighting back tears, he continued: “They have to hide quite often under the building. When I spoke to them, they were doing this. They were crying. “My father is 54. He wants to fight. My mother does not want him to. They do not have a plan. All they can do is hope that the war ends and that they can still have a normal life.” Stanislav packed a handful of possessions at his parents’ house and returned to Kyiv on February 16. He caught a train the same day across the border to Warsaw and travelled on to Berlin. He said: ”A friend in Berlin said she could get me a job but although I speak English I do not speak any German and she could not.” On March 14 the British government opened its Homes for Ukraine scheme and two days later he had met his British sponsors online on a Facebook page set up by hosts trying to find refugees.. Vicar Alex Summers, 47, and his wife Rachel, 43, have been housing refugees at their vicarage home in Walthamstow, along with their five children aged 9 to 18, for six years. Rachel made contact with Stanislav online and helped him fill in a visa application which was submitted on March 18 and issued six days later. Taking advantage of the EU’s offer of free train travel to all Ukrainian passport holders he left Brandenberg in Germany at 540am and travelled to Berlin, Cologne and Brussels before catching the Eurostar to London. He was met at St Pancras by Rachel, her five children Miriam, 18, Isaac, 17, Esther, 14, Elijah 13, Solomon, 9 and the Daily Express.  He said: “After one month of not knowing where I was going or where I would live it was a very big relief to be safe. “When they took me to my bedroom and the door closed. It was big sigh and “OK, now I can think what to do, I am safe. “British people have been so positive and very kind to me and I want to thank this family so much for looking after me.” Alex, the vicar at St Peter’s in the Forest in Walthamstow, and Rachel live in a four-bedroom vicarage all occupied by them and their children. To make room for Stanislave they converted their dining room into a bedroom. Alex said: “We are lucky to be able to live in a big Victorian vicarage and even with five children we do have room for Stanislav. We are keen that our vicarage should always be a place of welcome.”  Rachel said: “There is a quote in the bible in which Jesus says, ‘My father’s house has many rooms.’ Well I like to say that’s right and at least one of them is in Walthamstow.” She said: “I think we were lucky that Stanislav was issued with a visa so quickly. “I was really struck waiting for him at the Eurostar at St Pancras, he’s the only refugee I’ve been able to meet who has been able to arrive with any dignity. “Everyone else we have hosted has had to enter the UK in dangerous and unpleasant conditions, often very expensive due to the involvement of people traffickers. “It is not an easy journey to travel not being certain of the destination or the welcome. But to be able to travel with a seat on a train and be greeted at the end is just such a difference. “I think that’s an amazing gift that Britain can give.”  Rachel said her children had become quite used to hosting refugees in their home. She said: “We think we have looked after 10-15 refugees in the last six years and the children are pretty much used to it. “We think it is a good experience for them because they meet people from countries all over the world which have terrible problems. But they realise the people are are just like us. “The people who have come to us are just like Stanislav, bristling with degrees and ability. “They are the people who have had the intelligence and foresight to see trouble coming and the courage to do something about it. “In my view, they are the people we want in Britain because they are the people who are going to get stuff done.” *The Daily Express has created a 'one stop shop' website for Ukrainian refugees and their British Hosts at www.express.co.uk/ukraine. The online resource offers essential advice and information including sections on housing, language, education, employment, healthcare, finance and details of a host of charities and agencies offering support.