The building society confirmed it would be hiking the rate of its One Year Triple Access Online ISA. Following this latest interest increase, the savings account now has a new rate of 0.80 percent AER/tax-free for 12 months. According to Nationwide, this renewed rate is one of the “highest available from a major high street provider” and is competitive within the ISA market. As well as this, the building society has also raised the rate on the latest issue of its One Year Triple Access Online Saver. This particular savings account will also pay a hiked rate of 0.80 percent AER/gross every year. On top of this, the bank confirmed it would be offering new issues of its fixed rate savings products. A list of of these savings accounts include:   READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less   All of Nationwide’s Fixed Rate ISAs can be opened in one of the bank’s branches, while existing members can open accounts through the building society’s banking app. Tom Riley, the director of Banking and Savings at Nationwide Building Society, emphasised the importance of savers taking advantage of this latest rate hike when it comes to their ISA allowance. Mr Riley explained: “Many savers will look to utilise their ISA allowance at the start of the new tax-year. “Our latest Triple Access Online ISA offers one of the highest rates on the market and will appeal to those looking to save with a brand they know and trust. “This ISA accepts transfers in, so savers will benefit from Nationwide’s ISA transfer promise, which sees the Society pay interest from the day it receives the application, so savers don’t lose out on interest while the transfer is in progress.” The bank’s director added: “At the same time, we are also increasing rates on our Fixed Rate ISAs. “Unlike many other providers, Nationwide allows savers to split their ISA allowance between variable and fixed rate products, giving members more flexibility.” However, how does this latest wave of interest rate increases compare with other banks and building societies? Recently, Santander confirmed it would be raising the rate of its 123 Regular e-Saver for 12 months. On this hike, Hetal Parmar, the head of Banking and Savings at Santander UK, said: “We understand saving for the future remains important to many customers, and following the recent increase to the interest rate on our 123 Current Account. “We’re pleased to offer 123 World customers even more value with our new Regular e-Saver.” The recent wave of rate hikes comes after the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee raised the country’s base rate to 0.75 percent. This is the third consecutive rate increase in a row from the Bank of England which has forced banks to act to support their customers.