Actress Claire Foy starred as Queen Elizabeth II during the first two seasons of Netflix’s historical drama The Crown. She recently lifted the lid on her experience and revealed why she wanted filming to be finished as fast as possible.  When The Crown first landed on screens in 2016, viewers gained a major insight into the inner workings of the Royal Family as well as the institution of the monarchy. The first season transported viewers back to the 1940s during George VI’s ruling and it depicted the moment Queen Elizabeth was crowned at 25-years-old. Although Claire Foy became a fan favourite for her portrayal of the Queen during the early stages of her ruling, the actress revealed why she couldn’t wait to wrap up filming. On Tuesday, the TV star and Paul Bettany guest-starred on The Drew Barrymore Show, where she made the surprising revelation.  READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview Reflecting on her time on The Crown, Claire shared: “I had a four-month-old baby, so I was basically trying to make the day as fast as humanly possible, so I could get home.” Speaking on how she approached the role, the actress laughed: “Maybe that’s the key.” “Act fast, go home,” Claire joked. To which, her latest co-star Paul quipped: “So you’re saying you phoned it in.”  The pair laughed as Claire sarcastically responded: “Yeah, in a nutshell,” before clarifying, “No, I put a lot of thought into it, Paul.” The actors had made an appearance on the chat show to promote their upcoming series, ’A Very British Scandal.’ After her role as Queen Elizabeth, Claire gained an abundance of accolades including two primetime Emmys, a Golden Globe and two Screen Guild Actors Awards. However, gaining worldwide recognition and global prominence, she admitted to not feeling comfortable with her success.  DON'T MISS...Charlene White suggests Harry's 'protection' remark aimed at Andrew [INSIGHT]Netflix's The Crown on the hunt for a Kate 'lookalike' for season 5 [INSIGHT]Kate should have ‘no worries’ about The Crown appearance says expert [INSIGHT] In a separate interview on the podcast Reign with Josh Smith, the 38-year-old actress revealed she felt as though she didn’t “deserve” the success. Claire explained: “'I think it makes me feel uncomfortable, is what I've learned. “I wish I had been able to enjoy it more. “But I don't think, in all honesty, I don't think I ever would've done.  “I think I just don't know whether that's necessarily in my character.” 