Demi Rose Mawby, 27, made temperatures soar in chilly France as she showcased her latest jaw-dropping look: a mesh tank top with spider web embellishments flaunting her ample assets. Gazing alluringly away from the camera, the beauty showed off the intricate detailing of the daring garment as she layered up with a navy velvet cape adorned with a toadstool. Another eye-popping snap from the festivities showed Demi sipping on a cocktail, while another captured her cosying up with a blonde pal for a smiley selfie before putting her bottom on display in a pair of ripped tights. The Instagram model also made her fans salivate as she feasted on a colourful dessert, which featured an array of fruit underneath a chocolate slab inscribed with “Happy Birthday Demi”. The photos were simply captioned: “My birthday night.” In response, Demi's followers wished her a “Happy Birthday” while gushing over the fashionable look. READ MORE: Game of Thrones actor Joseph Gatt arrested for sexual chats with minor Julliawilliamson typed: “I need a fire extinguisher.” Mr_kajuan_said: “Happy Birthday to us ALL because the world has been blessed by your presence!!!” Chaskeee joked: “Demi, your birthday was in March??” Markobedoya90 wrote: “You're so beautiful.” The Birmingham-born beauty never fails to turn heads with her racy shoots that scorch up the internet, and this week has been no different. While hitting up the slopes on Tuesday she decided to put on a busty display as she rode above the French Alps on a ski lift. The stunning OnlyFans star made sure all eyes were on her when she zipped down the front of her tight white ski jacket to reveal her cleavage. The model looked gorgeous in the clingy zip-down jacket, which was pulled down to show off her chest for the camera. DONT MISS:'She's too good for you' Alex Beresford speaks out on engagement news (PHOTOS)Edwina Currie slams Rylan Clark's claim Boris 'broke the law' (NEWS)Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update (LATEST) The garment featured a red, white and black design and a chic belt wrapped around her hourglass tummy. Demi leaned back leisurely in the ski lift and looked away from the camera dreamily as she crossed her legs. She let her lush blonde-highlighted locks roam free in loose tresses that spilled over her back stylishly, seemingly brushing them with her hand that boasted red-painted nails that matched her jacket. The Birmingham beauty has been modelling for the last eight years and credits her career as a "blessing", after being subjected to bullying when she was younger. Speaking to Radio 1 Newsbeat, Demi previously revealed: "I always wanted to get into modelling and when I eventually got there I classed it as a blessing because I grew up being bullied and didn't have many friends at all." In 2019, both of Demi's parents died just seven months apart and the star said going into lockdown straight after their deaths was "a time of reflection". She recalled: "Having to deal with my parents' house and selling their stuff - it was a really sad place for me. "I wanted to go and travel but I had three months in London, which was a lot of facing what I had been through and was a time of reflection."