Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick admits the club will struggle to convince players to join them ahead of rivals Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City. United are set to miss out on Champions League qualification this season and Rangnick believes that will hamper their chances of landing top targets. Erik ten Hag will replace the German as the next permanent Red Devils boss this summer. Rangnick has once again stated United's need for a host of new signings in the upcoming windows. But he reckons Ten Hag will have a tough task to convince players to join ahead of other Premier League sides. Rangnick said: “It's obvious the club and team needs new players. "Some players have no contracts any more and some are not available, some might want more game time and are on loan already. It's obvious the club needs quite a few new players. READ MORE: Liverpool star Salah edges out De Bruyne to win FWA Footballer of the Year  "You need mentality, quality, physicality, skills - the full package. But as soon as other clubs like Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City are involved, you need some good reasons. “Someone needs to explain to the players [why they should join United] and that's why it's important what Erik thinks. I know from Jurgen Klopp and Thomas Tuchel, if they want players they talk to them and the same is probably true of Pep Guardiola. “They speak to them, find out about their mentality and character and if they are the right fit.” United's recruitment strategy of recent years has been criticised. DON'T MISSRoy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt [REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer [GOSSIP]  And when asked if the club had signed the wrong type of player of late, Rangnick gave a frank response. He said: "We just need to look into the other top clubs in England - and also in other countries in Europe - and what players they signed in the past and you get the answer." Erling Haaland is set to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer, with City the overwhelming favourites to land the Norway superstar. Rangnick, who has confirmed he will fulfil his role as a consultant after this season despite his impending appointment as Austria boss, says United should be focusing on signing young talent such as Haaland in the coming windows. He added: “My opinion is the club should try to find future top players and try to develop them. Haaland is 21, this is one of those players.  "He has developed into one of the most expensive strikers in the world. He would be one of those examples who I think the emphasis should be on, to convince players who should be Manchester United players for the next few years. “For me, the most important bit is recruitment. That's the most important point, that we bring in the best possible players we can speak about. “It's not only identifying them, but meeting them and convincing them to join the club, even though we will not play in the Champions League.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here