Former Manchester City star Sergio Aguero has made a cheeky dig at Cristiano Ronaldo as he responded to Manchester United youngster Alejandro Garnacho on Instagram. The 17-year-old called Ronaldo the "greatest of all time" but Aguero was quick to back friend and former team-mate Lionel Messi. The 17-year-old called Ronaldo the "greatest of all time" on his Instagram following his hat-trick in United's 3-2 win against Norwich, which saw him score a stunning free-kick to seal a vital three points. But Aguero was quick to respond and he replied: "That's because you haven't played with the best, Messi." Many United fans wanted to see Garnacho in action as the teenage sensation was named amongst the substitutes against Norwich. But it was Ronaldo that stole the show, and Garnacho had the best seat in the house to watch the 37-year-old get United back to winning ways. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag compared to ex-Man Utd coach Louis van Gaal However, despite Aguero's claim, Garnacho may have trained alongside Messi and seen his talents first-hand, as the youngster was named in their recent national squad for World Cup qualifiers against Venezuela and Ecuador. But although it was thought that Garnacho may feature to tie down his international duty, he wasn't handed a debut. The United star is Spanish born and was signed from Atletico Madrid in 2020 but was given an Argentina call-up due to his mother's nationality. He can however still switch allegiance should he choose to. Garnacho is blessed with having both Messi and Ronaldo as major influences on his career, but it's perhaps justified that he sides with the Portuguese star for now, seeing as he is looking to follow his career path at United. And Ronaldo was also seen handing him his match ball after the win against Norwich, so it's clear he is fond of the youngster. DON'T MISS...Tottenham boss Conte uses the weather as an excuse for Brighton defeat5 things we learned as Spurs suffer top-four blow in Brighton defeatSpurs chief Levy urged to change as Jenas makes bold Conte prediction The youngster has been thriving in United's reserve side this season and scored a crucial goal to send them to the FA Youth Cup final - and it's expected he will properly be integrated into the first team by the start of next season. And by then, he may even be a regular for the Argentina national team. But for now, he still is awaiting that all-important debut, which is a moment he "can't wait to arrive," as he spoke about his pride for being noticed by Argentina. Garnacho said following his call-up: “It’s going to be an honour for me. “I have dual nationality, so it was a unique opportunity for me. I was born in Madrid, but my mother and her family are Argentinian. It will be an honour representing Argentina, just as it was at the time playing for Spain. I’m very happy and also very excited. “I can’t wait for the moment to arrive and to then make the very most of it. My mother and the whole of my family, both the Argentinian half on my mother’s side and also my Spanish family, are also very proud of how things are going for me. “We’ve always been a very close-knit family unit and as a little kid I would always support both national teams. And it’s something that they are also proud of too.” And Manchester United's Head of Academy, Nick Cox, spoke about how important these moments are for the development of young players. Cox said: “We have to celebrate all of the boys that get international recognition at youth level and at senior level. “It’s a wonderful moment in a boy’s life to represent their country or to play international football and it’s a brilliant learning opportunity. There’s stuff that comes from international football that the Academy can’t offer, the nature of the competition, the types of opposition, the places you might go in the world, so it’s a wonderful complementing experience to the Academy programme. “We’ve always been aware of Alejandro’s dual nationality and it is lovely for him to have two wonderful football nations interested in his talent. I know he’s proud of his heritage. For us, we’re just really proud that there’s a young boy that’s developing with us that has reached a lovely moment in his career which is selection for a senior side.” Many are hoping that Garnacho could emulate Ronaldo's success as the Portuguese star made a name for himself as an 18-year-old at Old Trafford. The Argentine even has a year on his development and it's expected that incoming boss Erik ten Hag will work with him because the Dutchman likes to involve youngsters in his set-up.