Baking soda, otherwise known as bicarbonate of soda, is a great way to clean a wide range of surfaces and kitchen appliances. The product can remove bad odours, lift stains and can be used to clean in general. The household ingredient is abrasive which means it’s great for removing stubborn stains on hard surfaces. Once homeowners find out just how much they can do with baking soda, they’ll never fork out on pricey cleaning products again. Rachel Fernie, spokesperson from hillarys.co.uk has shared  how to use baking soda to clean kitchen appliances exclusively with Express.co.uk. She said: “Baking soda is a great ingredient - not only does it help your cakes rise, but it also acts as a cheap solution to clean your kitchen appliances and other household items.” The cleaning expert began by detailing how to use this ingredient to clean ovens. Rachel said: “To clean your oven with baking soda, it’s fairly simple: all you need is some baking soda, water, rubber gloves, white vinegar, a spray bottle and a cleaning rag. READ MORE: Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share the ‘trick’ to cleaning kitchen bins “Start by taking out all of your oven racks and anything else you may have sitting inside of your oven. “Mix a spoonful of baking soda with half a cup of water until it turns into a paste and apply the paste all over the inside of your oven. “Make sure that you’re wearing your rubber gloves to protect your hands and if you have any really greasy areas, cover them with extra paste.” The paste should be left for 12 hours or so, though it is is best to leave it overnight to work its magic. DON'T MISS:Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS]Cleaning: Mrs Hinch fans share ‘free’ hack to clean oven racks [COMMENT]How to clean your washing machine with easy ingredients [INSIGHT] Rachel urged homeowners not to be alarmed when they return to see their ovens as “the paste will start to turn brown as it soaks up all of the grease”. She added: “Once your oven is ready, use a damp cleaning rag to wipe off as much of the baking soda paste as you can and, if you find some areas to be stubborn, use a spatula to scrape it off. “Once you’ve removed all of the paste, add your white vinegar to a plastic spray bottle and spray all over the inside of the oven. Once complete, use a rag to wipe the oven clean again.” Homeowners should be careful when mixing baking soda with vinegar. Storing the two together in a container could cause it to burst. Before using two chemicals together, it’s best to check whether they produce any harmful gases or could damage the appliance Britons are planning to clean. Extractor hood filters can also be cleaned using baking soda. Rachel explained that they are “sure to be one of the greasiest parts of your kitchen”. She continued: “Start by removing your filters and filling your sink (or a large bucket) with boiling water, baking soda and a splash of washing up liquid. “Put your filters into the hot water and let them soak for at least 10 minutes. “Once soaked, scrub them with a brush while rinsing under water until all the grease has cleared – it comes off a lot easier than you’d expect.” For those who have kettles in need of descaling, this “cheap” ingredient may be just the item needed. Rachel said: “To do this, simply mix a tablespoon of baking soda with 500ml of water and pour the solution in the kettle. “Keep it boiling for about 15 minutes and pour the solution out and then rinse the kettle a few times with water to get rid of any residue.”