The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are expected to travel to The Hague, Holland to attend the Invictus Games, a sporting event founded by Prince Harry for military veterans in 2014. This will be Meghan Markle’s first official trip outside the United States since quitting the Royal Family. However, the decision has been attacked by palace insiders after Harry claimed it was “too dangerous” to travel to the UK. Meghan and Harry did not join the Royal Family at the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service last month. No reason was given for their planned absence but the decision came amid Harry’s ongoing legal battle over security arrangements in the UK. In a poll that ran from 5pm on Monday, April 11 to 5pm on Tuesday, April 12, Express.co.uk asked: “Should Harry and Meghan go to Holland after snubbing UK?” A total of 2,481 people cast their votes with the vast majority – 88 percent (2,160 people) – voting “no”, Harry and Meghan should not go to Holland after snubbing the UK. A further 11 percent (284 people) answered “yes” while just one percent (37 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article with readers sharing their views on Meghan and Harry travelling to Holland. One user, CH1G said: “They should stick to that ‘private life’ that they shunned the UK for.” However, some thought that Meghan and Harry should be able to travel freely. Username Autoculto1 said: “They are free to do whatever they want without constraints.” And username iconoclast wrote: “THEY SHOULD DO AS THEY LIKE.” While another user, Milton Keynes mum, said: “They can go where they like, who cares.” Others were in agreement but said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex should not return to the UK. Username Stars1 said: “Don’t care where they go so long as it's not here.” And username Olly Smyth wrote: “Anywhere except here in the UK will be fine.” DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry get armed police protection in Holland - as Dutch also won't let Duke pay [LATEST]Harry and Meghan to 'hitch a ride' with Dutch royals in security twist [LIVE BLOG]Disgraced Prince Andrew shuts down another business venture in further blow to Duke [UPDATE] Others commented that Harry had a right to attend as the founder of the Invictus Games. Username whodafoxhat said: “Having set up the Games, Harry has to attend.” And username tuesdaysmm wrote: “Why shouldn't Harry with his wife go his the founder of the Games.” They added: “It is something he clearly feels passionate about.” Username Sapientem was in agreement commenting: “Of course they should.” The Invictus Games begin on Saturday, April 16, and will run for six days until Friday, April 22. Meghan and Harry are expected to arrive in The Netherlands on Friday, travelling from their home in Montecito, California. The Mirror reported that the couple will be followed by a film crew throughout the Games for a Netflix docu-series, Heart of Invictus.