Lando Norris has claimed it is nice to see Lewis Hamilton struggling for pace this season. The McLaren driver added it was reassuring for other teams who will now believe it is possible to get towards the front. However, the 22-year-old has suggested the situation could bring out the best in Hamilton. He said the seven-time champion was in for a new kind of challenge at Mercedes as he fights to get the car back to winning ways. Speaking to the Daily Mail, Norris explained: "In a way, it is nice to see that Mercedes don't always have success. “It shows that even when you have had that success, you can still get things wrong. It is easy to get things wrong. Much as I hate to say it, it is good to see Ferrari up there. It is reassuring for other teams to know it is still possible. “If it were just Mercedes and Red Bull again, it would be so predictable. With Lewis, you are seeing the challenge of one of the best drivers competing in a car that is not the best. We will see a different side of Lewis, compared to the last decade.” READ MORE: Lance Stroll frustrated by Lewis Hamilton in Australian GP practice Norris added Hamilton had not had faced a challenge over the past few seasons. But, he said he refused to accept claims from many that Hamilton's success was all about the car. He added the seven-time champion has proved himself against the rest and beaten every team-mate he has had in F1. The Silver Arrows have struggled for performance this season and are only the third-fastest car on the grid. The team is battling with porpoising issues which is restricting the best times the car is capable of. Hamilton was only tenth in Saudi Arabia to leave him fifth in the drivers’ standings behind team-mate George Russell. Max Verstappen is also ahead of Hamilton despite retiring from the first race of the season. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton risks FIA row with comments over driver jewellery ban [INSIGHT]Mercedes told Norris should have been signed instead of Russell [ANALYSIS]Mercedes problems to continue in Australia as Brundle assesses issues [COMMENT] Mercedes are 40 points behind in the constructors' standings as Ferrari set the pace. It is unlikely the German manufacturer’s poor form will end this weekend with Hamilton and Russell struggling in FP1. Hamilton was only quick enough for seventh while Russell was outside the top 10. Ahead of the weekend, team principal Toto Wolff said: “There won’t be a magic fix for the next race weekend, but we’re pushing to steadily bring gains over the upcoming races, to hopefully move us closer to the front of the pack. Until then, we need to maximise each opportunity and make the most of the package we have.”