Rising energy bills has become a huge concern for Britons up and down the country and analysis by energy experts Boiler Central recently found Google searches for terms such as “help with energy” and “can’t afford energy” have shot up. Energy bills can be cut by using microwaves instead of ovens and parboiling potatoes before cooking, according to NetVoucherCodes.co.uk. A spokesperson for NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “There are loads of quick, easy and simple changes we can all make to our daily routines to help save energy in the house, especially when it comes to the kitchen. “The kitchen is the heart of the home and because of this, it is not surprising that it is where we use a lot of our energy. “By changing the pots and pans we use or making a stew in the slow cooker instead of the oven, are just a few ways of being more mindful of our energy usage.” One way households can save energy is to cook as much as possible in the oven at the same time. READ MORE: ‘Highly effective’ methods to unblock toilets with ease The experts said: “When cooking a large meal like a roast dinner, make sure you prepare all of your vegetables beforehand so it can go into the oven at the same time. “By timing it right, you can ensure that all of the heat and space in your oven is properly utilised. This will lower the amount of time your oven is on and save you energy.” It was also recommended to use the microwave. According to the experts, microwaves are one of the most “energy-efficient” appliances. DON'T MISS:Aloe vera: ‘Common signs’ your succulent is struggling [EXPERT]Garden weeds: How to ‘correctly’ weed your garden [COMMENT]‘Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple [EXPLAINER] They said: “Due to their small size, microwaves require no pre-heating and are able to transfer heat to your food much quicker than an oven. “If you use an electric hob at home, you should make sure that you buy flat bottomed pans. These work best at making full contact with electric rings and allowing heat to spread more evenly. In turn, they will cook your food faster, saving you time and energy. “Slow cookers use the equivalent energy to that of a light bulb. “Over 15 hours of slow cooking equates to just one hour in an electric oven so this appliance is a definite must have when it comes to energy efficiency.” Britons should also parboil potatoes before roasting to ensure they are not in the oven for hours. The experts said: “Parboil potatoes for five to 10 minutes before putting them in the oven not only helps to soften them up but also means they take less time to cook, saving some all important energy. “Half the cooking time before defrosting meat in the fridge overnight. “If you’re planning on cooking a joint of beef or a roast chicken from frozen, make sure to defrost in the fridge the night before, or even the morning before you decide to cook it. “This could half the cooking time, and save money on bills.” When the meat or potatoes are cooking, turning it off before the food has finished cooking is a “top tip” to save “energy and money” when using an electric oven. The experts said: “The temperature of the oven will remain the same and continue to cook your food. “Using glass or ceramic oven dishes will not only cook your food faster but be more energy-efficient and cost-effective. “Glass and ceramic dishes retain heat far better than metal. “You can even set the heat lower using these dishes because of their increased efficiency.” For those cooking pasta, potatoes or vegetables on the hob, using the kettle to boil water first can help to save money. The experts explained: “Using the electricity from the kettle to boil your water will cost less than boiling it cold on the hob.”