Arsenal duo Gabriel Magalhaes and Alexandre Lacazette have both been told by Wayne Rooney they should've done better in the lead-up to the first and second goals that Crystal Palace scored against them on Monday. Arsenal's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League suffered a setback at Selhurst Park and Rooney was critical of the duo as well as blaming Nuno Tavares for the role he played as Palace made it 2-0 in the first half. The Gunners couldn't deal with the high intensity of the hosts despite going to Palace knowing victory would move them back into fourth and three points clear of rivals Tottenham in the tussle for a top-four finish. Palace scored twice in eight first-half minutes through Jean-Philippe Mateta and Jordan Ayew. And Rooney felt that centre-back Gabriel was at fault for the first goal. He also claimed Lacazette should've been stronger in the tackle shortly before Palace made it 2-0, a goal in which left-back Tavares - who was substituted off at half-time - was also blamed for by the Manchester United and England legend. DON'T MISS: Wayne Rooney names three players next Man Utd boss should build around  Discussing the first goal at half-time on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football, Rooney said: "I think they've actually got a good line, a high line. Where the line is, you know the ball is going to go to the back post. They're set, they're ready. As the ball comes in, if you watch Gabriel, he's always got a clear view of the ball. Then he takes a little step and gets underneath the ball and can't get a full contact on it [with the header]. "It's a bit fortunate how it comes across the box but I think Gabriel has to do better. It's a tiny little step, a small step that he takes, he goes underneath the ball and then he's on the back foot. It's a risky step to take but he does it and now he can't get a clear head on the ball. It's a little nick and comes across the box and it's a good finish." Jamie Carragher added: "It's a big mistake. Wayne's exactly right, he's got to deal with it better. Gabriel in this position. It takes a little touch from Anderson. The best bit about this goal, look at Mateta's face, 'come to daddy!'" Discussing Ayew's goal to make it 2-0 to Patrick Vieira's Eagles, Rooney picked out Lacazette and Tavares as being at fault. He said: "Lacazette's got to do better there in the challenge. It's a good pass [from Joachim Anderson], not a great pass. Ayew's anticipating Gabriel missing the ball and Tavares isn't. MUST READ...Man Utd 'could return' to sign Milinkovic-Savic as Pogba replacementJohn Terry claims Declan Rice would be 'incredible' for ChelseaLiverpool's rivals Benfica 'talking to Wolves' for tips to beat Reds "Ayew's alive to it, as the ball comes in Arsenal are OK but Ayew's gambled and Tavares has stopped, thinking Gabriel will get the ball. It's a huge mistake." Carragher agreed and added before the full-back was brought off: "He [Tavares] is at fault for the second goal. It's not just this goal, they've got to bring him off. They've got to make a change. I'd be very surprised if he comes out for the second half. "You've got to admire the goal from Palace's view and certainly the pass from the centre-back. Look at the situation. Tavares stops and Ayew keeps running cause he thinks, 'Gabriel's going to miss it.' Tavares think he's going to cut it out." Arsenal ultimately lost 3-0 with Wilfried Zaha scoring from the penalty spot after 73 minutes following a Martin Odegaard foul on the Ivorian winger. The result leaves them fifth on the same points as Spurs but below their north London rivals on goal difference, though they have played one match less.