Rising house prices, an increase in rent levels, and even a decrease in availability – as landlords choose to turn their properties into Airbnb or holiday lets rather than homes – mean fewer options for those living in Pembrokeshire communities, driving many to leave their hometowns for good. For some locals, as well as others living in similar parts of Wales, Dr Alex is contributing to these issues by buying four properties and transforming them into holiday homes. Although many praised Dr Alex for his purchases, especially as he intends one of the cottages to house Ukrainian refugees, others slammed him for it. Posting on Instagram last week, the doctor shared a photo of himself outside one of the cottages, with the caption: “Today’s the day! I’m so excited to announce that I’ve bought four holiday cottages in beautiful Pembrokeshire, in Wales. “I initially bought these for my passion for property and renovation, as well as wanting to create relaxing spaces for families to holiday and enjoy the Welsh countryside in! “With all of the current devastation in Ukraine, I have decided I would love one of the cottages to be home to a Ukrainian family for as long as they need. “My plan is to start the renovations and get the properties into a good state to house a family as soon as possible.” The criticism quickly followed. READ MORE: Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value Llio Wyn commented: “Maybe think about people in Pembrokeshire who are being driven out of their communities because there aren’t any affordable homes? Disgraceful.” Elin Meredydd said: “Shame on you for deleting sincere educated comments. Why can't you use this platform to raise awareness? Or does it not make you any money? I have followed your mental health campaigning but now It's clear you've been a fraud all this time.” Shannon Mathias simply wrote: “What the f. Bit out of touch.” Some seemed to be in disbelief by Dr Alex’s “ignorance”, particularly because he is Welsh himself and hails from the county to the east of Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire. Martin Powers wrote: “Considering you're from the area you should know first-hand how damaging the holiday let business is to the local economy and the people that live there. Great way to sh on your community that is. All the sycophants fawning over the gesture is shocking too, obviously no clue how this impacts the actual people living there.” More than one individual commented with a slogan one has now become accustomed to hearing in Welsh-speaking circles across Wales: “Nid yw Cymru ar werth (Wales is not for sale).” Members of a Facebook group of the same name often organise protests, rallies, and marches to raise the government’s awareness of the housing crisis. DON'T MISS: Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden [TIPS]Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove tape marks from hard surfaces [COMMENT]Pruning hydrangeas: ‘Easy’ way to prune these ‘lovely flowers’ [EXPERT] Llion, from Fishguard in Pembrokeshire, is one of the group’s members. He spoke to Express.co.uk about why he thinks “the crisis is more than a lack of housing”. He said: “Dr Alex is driven by a naive understanding of the implications of his investment. He thinks he appreciates Pembrokeshire and so do others, therefore he believes he should invest in it. “What I query is does he think about the language, culture and pre-existing population when he does this? Does he see that he is feeding into the normalisation of purchasing a culture’s ancestral building for visitor use only? “Many visitors appreciate our quaint homes stunning landscapes, but do they appreciate us? “Do investors not see that they are replacing and displacing populations by purchasing homes with concrete foundations? That each time this happens an elderly person in a rural village loses a neighbour that could chat to them or look out for them?” The 35-year-old, who is unemployed after being made redundant during the pandemic, went on to say that “services available in the area disappear as communities become resorts and lose schools and children’s play groups”. This has already happened in some areas of Wales, such as in Abersoch in Gwynedd, North Wales, where the village’s Welsh language primary school closed in September 2021. Catrin, 33, lives a 40-minutes’ drive away from Abersoch and claimed the rise of Airbnb's and holiday lets is a problem in her area too. A native of Bethesda, a town of less than 5,000 people, Catrin said: “I know there is at least 50 Airbnb's in Bethesda, which, to put it into perspective, is the same as one of our biggest estates, Maes Bleddyn. “It’s disgusting. It’s high time that something was done about it.” Sharing her opinion on Dr Alex’s investment, the Gwynedd county council worker added: “The whole thing is disgraceful. But he isn’t the only celebrity to own more than one house – maybe it’s time to shame the others too.” Owen Williams, 44, from Pontypridd in the Rhondda, said he doesn’t have “any animosity towards Dr Alex”, but “the Instagram post he published just struck the completely wrong note”. As a Carmarthenshire native, Owen said he believes the doctor “just should be aware of this hawl i fyw adref – this right to live at home argument that’s being made. The people who were born and grew up in their own backyard, they simply can’t afford to live where they’ve always lived”. The managing director of digital marketing agency Siml continued: “When you take the friends and neighbours away, when you take the familiar ties away, community is gone, heritage is gone, culture is gone, language is gone, and it doesn’t come back. “You can’t manufacture this stuff. So, I would appeal to Dr Alex in a more emotional manner – it’s not about the capitalistic realities of buying property in order to stave off high taxes, and personal wealth. “If you want to take holidays [in Pembrokeshire], stay in hotels, or a campsite, or buy a caravan,” Owen added. “Don’t take away people’s homes. Don’t take people’s cynefin away.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Cynefin, which can be loosely translated to “habitat” – where a people’s culture, language, and traditions are able to thrive, is something Cefin Campbell, Plaid Cymru Member of the Senedd (MS) for Mid and West Wales, also touched upon. He told Express.co.uk: “The growing housing crisis is having a significant impact on communities across west Wales, with a whole generation of young people being left at the mercy of market forces and priced out of their own towns and villages. “The subsequent impact of this on the social fabric of our communities, economy and the Welsh language is devastating. “Last summer alone we saw prices balloon to a 10-year high in Wales, and over the past year in Pembrokeshire we’ve seen almost half of the county’s properties increase more in their worth than the average salary for the county. “As this trend intensifies, I understand the frustration and anger voiced by so many within Pembrokeshire and across our rural communities at seeing local properties bought by influencers, celebrities and wealthy outsiders, whilst they are forced to look elsewhere for homes.” Stephen Crabb, Member of Parliament (MP) for Preseli Pembrokeshire, added: “The housing crisis in Pembrokeshire’s coastal villages has been building for a long time as second home ownership has grown and property prices in these communities have soared out of reach of young families. You see the same thing happening in many parts of the country and internationally too. Second homes have become an increasingly important part of the tourism industry. “What is needed is a proper strategy for increasing affordable housing in rural areas and this is where Welsh Government has failed over the last 20 years. Together, with ultra-tough planning restrictions in the national park areas, the lack of a clear plan means that the supply of new homes in coastal communities has been almost non-existent.”