Supporters of Emmanuel Macron assembled at the En Marche! headquarters in Paris to view the first projections following the closure of polls on Sunday. As the screen showed a clear lead for the incumbent president, the crowd erupted into cheers as they waved the French and EU flags around. Whilst the final results are expected to come in later on Sunday and Monday morning, the projections are likely to make Mr Macron breathe a sigh of relief after the latest polls in the run-up to the vote suggested his lead was significantly reduced over Marine Le Pen. The French leader has faced criticism for entering the campaign rather late compared to other presidential hopefuls, a strategy some analysts had suggested could backfire on him. According to the earliest projections from IPSOS/SOPRA STERIA, Mr Macron is leading Ms Le Pen 28.1 percent to 23.3 percent. Polls earlier this week showed the pair neck and neck at 25 percent. As none of the candidates secured a 50 percent majority in the first round, Mr Macron and Ms Le Pen will face off in a second round of voting on April 24. FOLLOW THE LATEST UPDATES IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S FRENCH ELECTION 2022 LIVE BLOG  Additional polls from Ifop, OpinionWay, and Elabe showed Macron leading with up to 29.5 percent of the vote, with Le Pen trailing behind at 24.4 percent. Should the results be confirmed, this would be the second time the economic liberal En Marche! lead locks horns with the eurosceptic nationalist Reassemblement National chief in the second round. With a victory on April 24, Mr Macron would be the first French President since 2002 to secure a second term in the Elysèe Palace. A more than 10 point lead Macron had enjoyed as late as mid-March evaporated and voter surveys ahead of the first round showed his margin of victory in an eventual runoff whittled down to within the margin of error. READ MORE: 'Macron is scared!' French President accused of AVOIDING voters over 'disastrous' record Shortly after the publication of the first exit polls, the socialists, Green and right-wing candidates offered their support to President Macron. Green Party presidential hopeful Yannicm Jadot said in a statement: "I call on my voters to block the far-right by depositing a Macron ballot in the ballot box on April 24." Right-winger Valerie Pecresse, from Michel Barnier's Les Républicains, said "Le Pen would be a disaster for France." She added: "I will vote in conscience for Emmanuel Macron to avoid the coming to power of Marine Le Pen and the chaos that will result". Marine Le Pen insisted after polls closed she would be president "of all French citizens" if elected later this month. DON'T MISS Donald Tusk sensationally compares Le Pen to Putin as he backs Macron [INSIGHT]'Arrogant and incapable' Macron's time in power savaged [ANALYSIS]Brigitte Macron raged at criticism of her 'untypical' marriage [INSIGHT] Contrary to Mr Macron, who maintained a certain distance from voters over recent months, the RN candidate for months toured towns and villages across France, focusing on cost-of-living issues that trouble millions and tapping into anger towards the political elite. Commentator Anne-Elisabeth Moutet said: "He's also lost ground because he's decided that he was appearing such a statesman because of the Ukraine crisis that it was better for him to say, 'I'm being presidential, the other are mere candidates'. "And it turns out this might not have been such a good strategy." European Affairs expert Cathering Nicholson warned President Macron could still suffer from risky abstentionism. Ms Nicholson said: "26% of voters did not turn out today. "Turnout will be a big issue at 2nd round, April 24. "Many left-of-centre voters voted Macron in 2017 to block Le Pen. This time their support is less certain, esp. post #giletsjaunes protests."