Manchester United’s new manager looks set to face the same dilemma that Sir Alex Ferguson did when he was at the helm of the club, but for a very different reason. The team now lack a standout, consistent performer. Ferguson worked with some of the finest players to ever grace the Premier League. From Wayne Rooney to Eric Cantona, Rio Ferdinand and Paul Scholes, in all areas of the pitch the Scotsman managed top-quality players throughout his 27-year tenure with the Red Devils. Speaking to Sunday World, Ferguson said: “People ask you: 'Who is your best Man United team?' and it's absolutely impossible. It is absolutely impossible. You look at the strikers I had, going back to [Brian] McClair, [Mark] Hughes, [Andy] Cole, Cantona, [Ruud] van Nistelrooy, [Louis] Saha, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, [Dwight] Yorke, Teddy Sheringham. "Then to the present players - Wayne Rooney, [Robin] van Persie, Chicharito [Javier Hernandez]. How do you pick out of that? Cantona and somebody else maybe?" But on the other hand, United’s performances displays indicate that it would be a tricky task for interim boss Ralf Rangnick to name his 'best team' at the club due to how the majority have disappointed this season. JUST IN: Man Utd set Erik ten Hag deadline with Ajax boss ready for Bundesliga Ajax boss Erik ten Hag appears the likeliest contender to succeed the German in the summer, and it comes as no surprise that the manager is pushing to have a lot of control over transfers given the major reshuffle needed at the club. The Red Devils are currently sitting in 7th position in the lead and lost 1-0 to relegation-battling Everton at the weekend in a performance that lacked grit, quality and passion. The likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, David de Gea and Paul Pogba are some of the best in the world in their positions when in flying form, but their performances this season have been anything but quality. Ten Hag must seriously consider the future of most of the United squad currently and the role that each individual is capable of playing in the team’s revamp. READ MORE: Didi Hamann disagrees with Jurgen Klopp with sly dig at Pep Guardiola Speaking to Premier League Productions about United’s defeat to Everton, former Red Devils midfielder Owen Hargreaves said: “What went right? A lot went wrong. What did they do right? The effort isn’t there, their passing was poor, they didn’t have barely any shots on target. I don’t think they did much. “There’s a top-four place at stake here. Everton could go down, but United could be in the Champions League where they all want to be. Their names suggest that’s where they should be. But it didn’t feel like they thought it was a must-win. You want them to put in a performance but we didn’t see it.” 