Liverpool left-back Andy Robertson has joked Benfica fans will stop smoking after some threw lighters at him on Tuesday. The Scotland international was targeted by a section of the home support late in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final tie in Lisbon. Fortunately, Robertson was not hit by any of the objects launched onto the field of play. He was attempting to take a corner in the dying stages with Liverpool leading 3-1 at the time. The 28-year-old condemned the actions of the Benfica fans in an interview after the match. But he joked a positive from it would be if they gave up smoking. Robertson told BT Sport: "Yeah they weren't best pleased were they. Quite a few lighters thrown at me so maybe it will help them stop smoking maybe so take the positives. READ MORE: Rangers fans warned of 20-point deduction after ugly Old Firm scenes against Celtic  "But obviously we see it a lot, people getting hit, things like that. Luckily, they were all quite close to me, but none of them hit me. "It's tough when you get so late in the game, they're frustrated, I get that and everything. But you should try not throw stuff onto the pitch because it can hurt people and things like that. "But we move on. I was just trying to take the corner and get out of there as quickly as possible. Luckily it was right at the end of the game." DON'T MISS: Everton slammed for 'rookie manager' Frank Lampard's 'chaotic' tactics  Liverpool will take a 3-1 lead back to Anfield for the second leg next Wednesday. Goals from Ibrahima Konate and Sadio Mane put Jurgen Klopp's side 2-0 ahead in the first half. A mistake from Konate allowed Benfica striker Darwin Nunez to reduce the deficit. But Liverpool stayed strong through a period of pressure from the hosts and extended their lead with just three minutes remaining through Luis Diaz. Robertson hailed former Sporting Lisbon star Diaz for scoring against his old rival. And he knows how important the Colombian's goal could be in the tie.  Robertson said: "He got a nice reception from the start! Obviously, playing for one of their rivals and it was a good finish from him. "A really important goal for us like you said, it gives us a two-goal cushion which can make the difference, and it’s important we make that count next week. It’s still a big game, we want to be in the semi-finals and there’s still a lot of work to do to get there, but hopefully with our home fans at our stadium, we can get the job done."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here