Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Change is in the air but the situation needs to be considered as a whole before you take up a long-term proposal, if indeed you do. Contentment will come from getting away to quiet places. Spending time in nature will feel therapeutic. Taurus (Apr21/May21) A colleague will try to push their ideas onto you but you can see flaws. You may have had a good relationship with each other so far but there is no way anyone can talk you into agreeing with their unrealistic plans. Gemini (May22/June21) Beliefs you grew up with, then discarded as a teenager as being old fashioned or not for you, will come back to your mind. Don't be reluctant to talk these over with someone who will understand the confusion you are now going through. Cancer (June22/July23) Emotions are up and down when some situations in your life are unpredictable. You long for security and predictability but you're finding this difficult to achieve. A release from some heavy responsibilities will come when you are offered a chance to travel. READ MORE: Horoscopes & love: Leo to hold off with romantic actions Leo (July24/Aug23) Keep emotions under control in interviews and business meetings. Financial negotiations will go well providing you don't allow your thoughts to wander. You don't want to miss important information that needs to be considered before making big decisions. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) The start of the week is a good time for anything requiring close concentration. You will prefer mental work than anything demanding physical effort. Someone will remind you of something you haven't yet got around to.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A legal or financial dispute is starting to get you down. It has been going on for too long and you're growing weary with it all. You're almost tempted to give up on this altogether but it might be worth looking for a way to settle outside official channels. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) If you stay for too long within the same four walls or same environment, you could start feeling claustrophobic. There's a strong need to get away and a longing for wide open spaces. A personal matter that has not been resolved will prey on your mind. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Even if it means changing your usual routine, you will do this to deal with sudden business or family demands. You will listen to what other people have to say but in the end you will make decisions based on how you see the situation. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) A partner or friend is moody. You’re wondering whether you’ve done something to upset them. If you can look back on the past few weeks and know you haven't acted any differently than normal when with them, you will know it isn't you who’s the problem. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) News of an insurance pay out, a loan or mortgage application will boost your spirits. The future now holds many positive and promising possibilities. A family heirloom will be passed down and this will inspire you to want to find out more about your ancestors.