Footage has emerged from the frontline of Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine showing a Ukrainian soldier, armed with the UK made missile, successfully shooting down a Russian Orion drone. In the video, the Ukrainian squad can be seen hiding in scrubland as one soldier takes aim at a Russian Orion drone flying overhead. The Ukrainian appears to be using the British-made Starstreak missile which has been supplied in bulk by the UK Government. Triumphant cheers erupt as the missile destroys the Russian Orion drone. While the soldier who fired the shot swears at the wrecked drone with his finger. It comes as Ukrainian troops repulsed several Russian assaults in the country's east, according to British intelligence said on Monday. while President Volodymyr Zelensky said thousands of Russian soldiers were massing for a new offensive. Russian forces were also pushing to establish control over the southern port city of Mariupol, the lynchpin between Russian-held areas to the west and east. "There are tens of thousands of dead, but even despite this, the Russians are not stopping their offensive," Mr Zelenskiy told South Korea's parliament by videolink. The Russian invasion - the most serious conflict in Europe since the Balkans wars of the 1990s - has left a trail of death of destruction that has drawn condemnation from Western countries and triggered concern about Putin's broader ambitions. About a quarter of Ukraine's 44 million population have been forced from their homes, cities turned into rubble, and thousands of people have been killed or injured - many of them civilians. Austrian leader Karl Nehammer planned to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Monday and will call for an end to the conflict. It would be Putin's first face-to-face meeting with a European Union leader since Russia's invasion started on February 24. DON'T MISSLe Pen victory would mean Frexit in all but name – expert [INSIGHT]China 'preparing for war with US in Asia' alongside Russia [ANALYSIS]Emmanuel Macron facing frustration as Poland blocks pet project [REPORT] Russian forces have abandoned their attempt to capture the capital Kyiv, for now at least, but are redoubling their efforts in Ukraine's east. Britain's defence ministry said Russian shelling continued in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. But Ukrainian forces had beaten back several assaults and destroyed Russian tanks, vehicles and artillery equipment, it said in its regular intelligence bulletin. Powerful explosions rocked cities in the south and east and air raid sirens blared out across Ukraine early on Monday.