Strictly Come Dancing judge Motsi Mabuse took to Instagram to criticise pals for liking a post showing Russian women destroying their Chanel handbags after the brand blacklisted their country, but staying silent on the subject of the war in Ukraine. The dance star, 40, expressed her disgust at the actions in her Instagram stories. Motsi's post comes as Chanel has issued a ban on Russian citizens buying their products as a result of the country's invasion of Ukraine - and some fashionistas are furious, taking to the internet to prove it. The post Motsi was referring to was one by the Monte Carlo-based fashion and beauty influencer @victoriabonya, who has over 9.3 million followers. In the video, the influencer wrote how Chanel "doesn't respect its clients". Victoria proceeded to rip one of their classic quilted leather handbags to shreds, tearing it to pieces with a large pair of scissors and throwing it across the room. READ NOW: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate The act is part of a new online trend among fashion-conscious Russian women, who are protesting the fashion house's decision to close its stores in their country. Resharing the video, Motsi wrote: "It's so funny to see people liking this person's post. "You are quiet about the war, about people dying but liking stupid posts like these! "Please gladly unfollow me! People are being killed by your government. Disgusting," she added.  Influencer Victoria, who also works as a model and actress, added: "I have to say Chanel house does not respect their clients. "Why do we have to respect Chanel house?" More than 86,000 Instagrammers liked the post - and her video isn't the only one to show anger towards the high-end brand. TV presenter Marina Ermoshkina trashed her Chanel handbag with a pair of hedge cutters, writing: "If owning Chanel means selling out my motherland, then I don't need Chanel." The empty Chanel Moscow store has now been daubed in Nazi graffiti. Meanwhile, Motsi has been working with the German show Let's Dance, which she has shared frequently with her followers. is the subject of the rest of her current Instagram feed.