  Julia Bradbury, 51, took to Instagram this evening to speak about trying to “find comfort” following her difficult mastectomy. The former Countryfile presenter also apologised for not being able to get back to all her followers ahead of the debut of her new show on ITV tonight.     Julia addressed her 210,000 followers this evening, two hours before her show was set to air. Next to the video, she wrote: “I couldn't think of a better clip to show you a couple of hours before my doc goes out. “This is me just a few months ago, giving some advice about how to find some comfort following a mastectomy. “I know there are so many women who are going through this, this week, or have just been diagnosed, or are going to be here soon. READ MORE: Sara Davies' business lost 'hundreds of thousands' during Strictly     “I know because you've been messaging me,” she continued. Julia went on: “I'm sorry I can't respond to you all but I hope I can carry on raising awareness and discover more about this disease so we can all learn together. “All our stories are all different & the community is phenomenal. “Love and healing to you all. Namaste,” she added, tagging her new show Julia, Bradbury: Breast Cancer & Me.      In the clip attached, the star shared some helpful advice with her followers that were going through a similar struggle to her own. “Hello everyone,” she began. “I’m tired, so I don’t want to show you my tired face today.” “But I wanted to share something that helps me with my pain and discomfort since my mastectomy operation a few weeks ago.” Holding up a pillow, she continued: “You will, if you’ve been diagnosed with breast cancer, be very familiar with these heart-shaped pillows. READ MORE... Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [NEWS] Madonna, 63, issues expletive fan warning after split from boyfriend [UPDATE] Countryfile's Helen Skelton 'sees no way back' with husband  [INSIGHT]      “There are so many lovely, lovely ladies out there who are making them and sending them out to people for nothing - just for kindness and love. “And the reason they’re so comfortable is because they fit underneath your arm and if you’ve had a mastectomy or an operation on your boob, of course you’re very tender and sore under there. “So you want something that just sits and supports you under there and that’s why they’re brilliant, so thank you all - you’re just so lovely.” Julia went on to share that she was still wearing her post-mastectomy bra that she would need to keep on for several more weeks.      The presenter also had lymph nodes taken out from under her arm, leaving the area “quite sore and uncomfortable”. Julia then gave her followers a tip about putting an ice pack covered in a towel on the area to ease the pain, before sending the “thousand and thousands” of people going through the same ordeal “all her love”. Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer & Me follows Julia’s breast cancer battle from the early days of diagnosis all the way up to her preparations to undergo a potentially life-saving single mastectomy. One in seven UK females will be diagnosed with breast cancer in their lifetime. To find out more, visit https://www.cancerresearchuk.org/about-cancer/breast-cancer. Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer & Me airs tonight at 9pm on ITV.    