Prince Harry and Meghan Markle drove off in style in a silver blue Jaguar E-Type after their wedding at Windsor Castle in 2018. David and Victoria Beckham replicated a similar look as they attended their eldest son Brooklyn Beckham's nuptials. Brooklyn, 23, and his now-wife Nicola Peltz, 27, tied the knot in a star-studded wedding at Palm Beach on Sunday. A host of celebrities attended the lavish ceremony held at Nicola's dad's £76 million mansion in Florida. Following the couple's nuptials, David and Victoria hopped in a light blue vintage car to drive to Nicola's family mansion on Sunday. The proud mum and dad looked sensational as they drove to their daughter-in-law's family home. READ MORE: David Beckham holds Victoria’s hand as they watch son Brooklyn wed The snaps bare a striking resemblance to Prince Harry and Meghan's special day in Windsor in 2018. Following the royal couple's luncheon at Windsor Castle, the couple drove off in a vintage light blue Jaguar. The silver blue Jaguar E-Type vehicle was first manufactured in 1968, but Jaguar Land Rover revealed it had electrified the vehicle recently. The Duke of Sussex took to the wheel as they waved at guests and photographers before driving off. Meghan stunned in a floor-length white gown as she beamed in the photos. David and Victoria donned a similar look as the couple were pictured in a vintage car on their eldest son's big day. It comes after it was reported that the former footballer had gifted the newlyweds a vintage light blue electric 1954 Jaguar which is said to cost around £350,000, according to The Mirror. Nicola and Brooklyn were photographed cruising in the car following their wedding brunch on Sunday. DON'T MISS... The Crown’s Emma Corrin in provocative balloon bra for Olivier Awards[LATEST]GMB’s Alex Beresford announces engagement after romantic proposal[ENGAGEMENT]Samantha Barks wows in plunging gown at Olivier Awards[PICTURES] Brooklyn and Nicola exchanged their vows in an early-evening ceremony and enjoyed a lingering six-second kiss in front of celebrity guests including Eva Longoria, Mel C, and tennis legend Serena Williams. Ahead of the ceremony, the oceanfront garden of the compound was prepped with three large marquees. The festivities kicked off at 6pm and the following day the family enjoyed a brunch, which was being held at a huge marquee, which was set up in sprawling tropical gardens at the back of the Peltz home. According to reports, Prince William and Kate Middleton were invited to Brooklyn's wedding but were unable to attend. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who live in the US, however, were not invited to attend the big day. A source revealed to the Sunday People: "David and Victoria wrote to William and Kate inviting them and the family to their son's wedding, and William replied wishing them a great deal of joy but they are unable to attend. "It was always about them, it was never about Meghan and Harry. They are the people David and Victoria are attached to and it's always been about them because they've had a long history together." Meanwhile, fashion designer Victoria said she was looking forward to “an exciting weekend” ahead of the star-studded nuptials in Florida. 