British singer Tom Grennan has sustained injuries after the musician was "attacked" during his visit to the United States. The singer-songwriter suffered a ruptured ear and torn eardrum as well as problems with his jaw, which had previously been fractured. A statement on his social media reads: "In the early hours of this morning after Tom’s New York show he was the victim of an unprovoked attack and robbery outside a bar in Manhattan. "Tom is currently in hospital being assessed by doctors for his injuries which include a ruptured ear, torn ear-drum and issue with his previously fractured jaw. "Despite this, Tom is in good spirits but needs to temporarily recuperate whilst doctors assess his ability to continue with his touring." The message from his management continued: "Tom is desperate not to let anyone down, however, we have taken the precautionary decision to postpone the Washington show tomorrow to a later date, with details to follow. READ MORE: Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence "We will update on future shows should changes need to be made." They finished: "We wish to thank Tom’s incredible US fans for their support and understanding." The message was signed off by a member of his management team John Dawkins. News of the incident was shared on Twitter in view of the singer's 63,000 followers and also via Instagram.  He has since been inundated with messages of support from celebrity pals and fans alike. Rylan Clark commented: "Sending love mate." Becky Hill commented: "Holy f**k tom i’m so sorry wtf that’s awful!!!" Ore Oduba added: "WTF!!??? Sending love mate, hope you’re ok…x." DON'T MISS... Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore[LATEST]Naga Munchetty inundated with support after BBC Breakfast absence[TV]Cristiano Ronaldo shares first look of newborn baby in new family snap[PICTURES] Tom had previously taken to the picture-sharing site and shared videos of his show in New York. He had performed at the iconic Bowery Ballroom in New York prior to the incident, and thanked fans for coming out to meet him after the show. Tom wrote on his Instagram story: "Great to meet you all afterwards! Thanks so much to everyone who came out." The Little Bit of Love hitmaker shared a photo of his time in the city just hours before the attack. Sharing a candid selfie, he captioned the post: "The big apple. You lot are magic." Instagram user, Amanda wrote: "The gig was amazing last night, thank you for such a special memory from our NYC honeymoon." Miggey commented: "Amazing show so glad I got to meet you. Keep it up and come back to MSG next year." Layla added: "Love that you are smashing it over there."