Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) finally got her happy ending in Friday’s double-bill of Coronation Street. The unlucky-in-love barmaid jetted off with Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) to Australia after he admitted he didn’t care she had hidden her involvement in his grandad’s death. But, why did ITV soap star Alexandra quit Coronation Street? In her last Coronation Street scenes, Emma struggled to hold back the tears. “I’m going to miss you all,” she told her family and friends. “I’m sorry dad,” she said to Steve who replied: “Don’t be daft, I’m happy for you.” Emma and Jon then disappeared off into the distance in a taxi to the airport. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Daisy Midgeley murders two love rivals Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Alexandra opened up on her motivation behind quitting the ITV soap. Discussing her exit, the actress said: “It’s really, really difficult even now I’m like, ‘What have I done?’ “I know it’s right for me but I can see so easily how people stay there for 16 years because it's just such an amazing place to work. “I just wanted to play another character,” Alexandra continued. “As much as I've got to explore Emma in lots of different ways there's just some other people I want to try and give a go as well.” Alexandra addressed whether she spoke to her co-stars when making the decision to leave. She said: “Initially, I kept it a secret for a while because it was just quite sad to tell people. “But then once everyone knew about it as well as being sad they were really supportive. DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Hope Stape to destroy Sam's new romance [THEORY]Coronation Street theory: Jim McDonald returns in tragic death twist [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Maureen Lipman opens up on living with Rula Lenska [INTERVIEW] “And those people that had gone and come back, said it was the right decision.” The actress continued: “Everyone understands when you’re an actor and you want to play other parts.” Coronation Street has left the door open for Alexandra as Emma left the cobbles without being killed off. Opening up on the writers’ decision, the actress commented: “I'm so pleased, I'm really pleased. “Even saying goodbye was hard enough but that little bit of hope that one day, there's a possibility I could go back, that keeps you going – it's not goodbye forever, you never know.” Emma leaves behind her father Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and the rest of her newfound family. Although the actress is looking forward to new roles away from the ITV soap, she may return in the future. Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.