Queen Elizabeth II has ruled for longer than any other Monarch in British history and is due to celebrate her 96th birthday later this month. When the time comes, her death will see the country enter a period of official mourning and plans for Operation London Bridge have been revealed. Royal expert Natalie Oliveri spoke about the huge operation plans on the Australian Today Extra programme this week. Ms Oliveri said: "This plan specifically deals with how the church bells across the UK will sound now during the official mourning period when Queen Elizabeth does pass" "The church bells will be fitted with these leather contraptions called muffles and that is to create a more solemn bell sound"' The royal expert claims that the bells "will sound like a hum and a bit of a dull thud" compared to the "usual jubilant celebration". She claims the plans were revealed via a "directive sent to all churches from the Palace". The details have "created a bit of surge for these leather muffles" because, over the years, church supplies "have been left to rot". This is because they have not been used since the death of the Queen's father, King George VI, in 1952. READ MORE: Archie Harrison's surname sparked heated royal row with Queen and Philip Ms Oliveri also mentioned the Queen will be pulling out of attending the Maundy Day service this Thursday. This event is one of the biggest events leading up to Easter and the monarch has only missed this event "four years in her reign". She added: "She'll be represented by Prince Charles and Camilla for the first time" "She hands out little money to pensioners so its a nice celebration, but unfortunately, she won't be there this year". It is believed that the Queen chose to pull out now to "avoid disappointment on the day" and also to "avoid overshadowing the event by doing a last-minute cancellation". READ MORE: Queen's gatekeeper to release new details and photographs of Prince Philip in royal book Like at this coming Thursday's event, many of the other royal family members have been stepping up their royal duties in order to support the Queen. One notable event missed by Queen was the Commonwealth Day Service in March. Due to her absence, Prince Charles stepped in on his mother's behalf. Her Majesty has only missed this event once before due to the Covid pandemic in 2021. In November, the Prince of Wales represented his mother at the royal contingent at the COP26 Summit in Glasgow. The Queen also had to withdraw her attendance at the Cenotaph service on Remembrance Sunday due to a back sprain. DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Most recently, the Queen tested positive for Covid-19 on February 20. Her diagnosis came shortly after Prince Charles and Camilla tested positive. The Queen attended a virtual visit to the Royal London Hospital on Wednesday. Speaking to Mr Hussain, a Covid patient in hospital in December 2020, the Queen commented: "It does leave one very tired and exhausted, doesn't it? “This horrible pandemic. It's not a nice result".