Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford has shown his support for Louis van Gaal after the Holland manager revealed he has been diagnosed with prostate cancer. Speaking on Dutch television on Sunday, Van Gaal revealed that he has been receiving treatment for an "aggressive" form of prostate cancer. The former United boss admitted that he hadn't told his players of his condition, and plans to lead them at the World Cup later this year. “I think you don’t tell people you work with like that because it might influence their choices, their decisiveness, so I thought they shouldn’t know,” he said. “You don’t die from prostate cancer, at least not in 90% of the cases. “It is usually other underlying diseases that kill you. But I had a pretty aggressive form, got irradiated 25 times. Then you have a lot of management to do in order to get through life.” Van Gaal has since received an outpouring of support from those involved in football. Rashford, who was handed his United debut by Van Gaal in February 2016, has added his voice to those offering their support to the 70-year-old. "Earned my debut from LVG. Will forever be indebted," Rashford tweeted. "You can fight this. We are all behind you." United also posted a message of support for their former manager on social media. They tweeted: "Everybody at Manchester United is fully behind our former manager, Louis van Gaal, in his battle against cancer. Sending you strength and courage, Louis."  Van Gaal joined United in 2014 as David Moyes' replacement after leaving his post as Netherlands manager earlier that summer. He managed to secure Champions League football in his first season, but struggled to make improvements the following year. The Dutchman did lead United to win the FA Cup for the first time in 12 years, but he was sacked just days after the final. Van Gaal then went on a self-imposed sabbatical away from management before returning as Netherlands manager in August 2021. The Dutch side ended up topping their World Cup qualifying group after missing the 2018 edition of the tournament. Holland were drawn into Group A where they will come up against Ecuador, Senegal and hosts Qatar. 