This week, Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak both received fixed penalty notices from the Metropolitan Police for breaking lockdown rules. In a poll that ran from 9am to 3pm on Wednesday, April 13, Express.co.uk asked: “Should the Queen sack Boris Johnson for lying to her?” A total of 2,015 people cast their votes and hundreds left comments below the accompanying article sharing their views. The majority of respondents – 64 percent (1,298 people) – said “no”, the Queen should not sack Boris Johnson for lying to her. A further 35 percent (705 people) said “yes”, she should sack Boris Johnson and just one percent (12 people) said they did not know. Username Dolphin chops said: “The Queen is above this nonsense! For God's sake far more important matters need dealing with.” A total of 2,015 people cast their votes and hundreds left comments below the accompanying article sharing their views. The majority of respondents – 64 percent (1,298 people) – said “no”, the Queen should not sack Boris Johnson for lying to her. A further 35 percent (705 people) said “yes”, she should sack Boris Johnson and just one percent (12 people) said they did not know. Username Dolphin chops said: “The Queen is above this nonsense! For God's sake far more important matters need dealing with.” And username Justme.74 said: “The Queen has enough to worry about without getting involved with a cake that wasn’t eaten.” The Metropolitan Police are investigating 12 incidents, and at least 50 fines have already been issued. One party in question took place the night before the Queen attended the funeral of her husband, Prince Philip. When details of the parties emerged earlier this year, Downing Street formally apologised to Buckingham Palace. The Prime Minister’s spokesman said it was "deeply regrettable that this took place at a time of national mourning". There is now mounting pressure from politicians for Mr Johnson to resign — but this is ultimately his choice. Yesterday evening, he said: "I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. “But of course the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation." DON'T MISS:Brexit LIVE: UK victory! Boris brings in new laws as Prince Charles speaks out [LATEST]'EU trolls out in force' Britons furious as row erupts after Boris partygate apology [INSIGHT]'Hugely significant' Prince Harry lands new Google deal as he teams up with US tech giant [UPDATE] His statement also said: "When I said that I spoke in completely good faith because as I've said to you just now I... at the time that I was standing up for nine minutes in the Cabinet Room where I work every day, it didn't occur to me that, as I say, that I was in breach of the rules. "I now humbly accept that I was. But I think the best thing I can do now is, having settled the fine, is focus on the job in hand. That's what I'm going to do." Constitutionally the Queen must remain politically neutral but can remove a Prime Minister from power. Professor Robert Hazell from University College London previously told the Guardian that the Queen "could dismiss Boris Johnson if he lost a vote of no confidence and refused to resign". However, the last time this occurred was in 1834. User, HappyGranddad, who took part in our poll, said: “The Queen might express her opinion at the weekly audience but she would never enter into the political arena.” Another, JanetWCQ1958, said: “No. If the Queen did that it would cause a constitutional crisis.” Many shared the view that it was not a matter for discussion and Mr Johnson should continue with his job. Username Matticulous said: “No. Who else has ever had to resign for receiving a fine? Nobody. “They won't resign, because this incident is so laughably petty. There are far more important things going on.” Meanwhile, username Dhar said: “It’s done now just get on with it.” And username Bringbackjudgejeffrys wrote: “Nah , it’s done and dusted time to move on.”