Mrs Hinch fans often share cleaning advice on dedicated social media pages. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Marie Andreou wrote: “What is the best way to get curry stains out a wooden chopping board please?” The post attracted 30 comments from group members recommending products, including white toothpaste. Wooden chopping boards can get stained easily and for a number of reasons, including sauces and spices such as turmeric. If not cleaned regularly, product residue can be hard to remove and wooden chopping boards can become irreversibly stained. To help keep chopping boards nice and clean, some Mrs Hinch fans recommended using things such as toothpaste, white vinegar or lemon juice to clean the wooden kitchen items. Taking to the comments, Jackie Delaney commented: “White vinegar and bicarbonate paste leave on for an hour rinse and put in the sun.” READ MORE: 'Cheap and gentle' laundry substitutes to use when doing laundry Delyth Wright said: “To get curry out of my cream leather seats I used toothpaste and left it on overnight.” Marlene Smith wrote: “White toothpaste removes curry stains.” Margaret Brown commented: “Rub it with lemon.” Toothpaste is a mild abrasive, often made with baking soda, that removes dental plaque.  That same abrasive action works wonders in removing stains. Similarly, white vinegar and lemon are great cleaning products due to their high acidity levels. They can dissolve soap scum, and limescale as well as leave surfaces shining. A bottle of white vinegar can be picked up for as little as 39p in supermarkets. A couple of Mrs Hinch fans recommended using Elbow Grease spray which can help to clean a variety of different surfaces. Elbow Grease All Purpose Degreaser cleaning spray can be picked up for as little as 89p from retailers such as B&M. Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, Mrs Hinch fans also recommended using Milton sterilising products to remove stains from wooden chopping boards. Marian Forgan commented: “Milton.”  As did Marian Forgan, saying: “Milton.” Margaret Ritchie wrote: “Milton definitely.” Lynne Siddons added: “Milton sterilising fluid.” Milton Sterilising Fluid allows you to sterilise in 15 minutes only, killing all bacteria, viruses, fungi and spores (tough dormant bacteria). It has been used in hospitals for many years as a simple and very reliable method. 