Chelsea Fox (played Zaraah Abrahams) has had a troubled time on the BBC soap EastEnders. Having survived an abusive relationship with Gray Atkins (Toby Alexander-Smith), she still finds herself tormented by him. Gray's crimes have since caught up with him, and despite being in prison, he appears to still have a hold over his wife Chelsea, leaving her desperate to find somewhere else to live. Is Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) her knight in armour?  Police eventually arrested murderer Gray after an intense pursuit around Albert Square. Chelsea managed to coax a confession out of her deranged husband, but while confessing that he killed his ex-wife Chantelle Atkins (Jessica Plummer) he discovered she was on the phone with the police. Panicking, he tried to strangle her before fleeing and eventually being caught. Now struggling to process everything that has happened, she has started to realise he still has a grip on her, and she is finding it increasingly more challenging to live in what was their home. Read More: Reacher's Lee Child admits 'mixed blessing' of Amazon series 'Never got better!'   Battling with her mental well-being and trying to be a mother, Chelsea is currently staying with her mother, Denise (Diane Parish) and her husband Jack Branning (Scott Maslen) to make things a little bit easier. In upcoming scenes on EastEnders, viewers will see an irritated Jack who feels Chelsea has overstayed her welcome and that she should move back into her own home. To make matters worse, Patrick starts to sense that things with Chelsea are not quite right. He sees Denise as the daughter he never had and acts as grandfather to her two daughters, Chelsea Fox and Libby Fox (Belinda Owusu).    Feeling unsettled, Chelsea tells pal Whitney (Shona McGarty) that she can't stay in Gray's house any longer as there are too many ghosts. Battling with the idea of putting her son Jordan up for adoption, Express.co.uk has come up with a theory that it will all get too much, and Patrick could save the day. With the weight of her current situation on her and her mental health deteriorating, Chelsea comes to blows with her aunt Kim (Tameka Empson), which starts to cause issues with the family. Patrick will start to realise how much Chelsea is struggling in Gray's house and has an idea on how to improve the situation. DON’T MISS…Coronation Street theory: Heartache for Eileen Grimshaw as she learns George's secret [SPOILERS]Simon Cowell labels fellow Britain's Got Talent judge David Walliams 'desperate' [LATEST]Coronation Street theory: Eva Price to return in Toyah Battersby adoption twist [SPOILERS]    Will he offer up his home to ease the stress? With family being so important to Patrick he could easily offer her a place at number 20, no matter how cramped it may get. Or Patrick could put the wheels in motion to sell Gray's property to help fund a new life for his family. This would open up the street for a new family to join the long-running show and stir things up. Originally a block of flats, number one Albert square was renovated in November 2015 by E20 Building & Property Renovation and turned into a house.   Patrick will know Kim had once lived at the house with Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood) and they were the last occupants to move in before Gray. Knowing its dark history, he could find a way to help Chelsea get the house on the market and out of Chelsea's hair. In April 2019, Gray Atkins bought the house as a surprise for his wife Chantelle so she could be closer to her family and her work. Meeting her tragic end in the house is a constant reminder to Chelsea of what was, and Patrick feels he can make that pain go away. With the house on the market, a new family with no idea of its history could be in for a rude awakening. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 