All major supermarkets alter their hours on Good Friday, which marks the start of the Easter weekend. Britons up and down the land will be looking to make the most of the celebrations given there are very few if any Covid rules left in place across all of the UK. If you are planning a big shop on Good Friday, it’s important to know when you’ll be able to go and fill up your trolley. Tesco, the UK’s largest supermarket chain, is open on Good Friday between 6am - 10pm. On Saturday, doors open at 6am and close at midnight, while on Easter Monday the retailer will be open from 8am - 6pm. As is the case with every other supermarket, Tesco will be shut on Easter Sunday. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin Morrisons will start trading an hour later on Good Friday from 7am and close at 10pm. Branches will operate on the same opening times for Saturday, while on Easter Monday, Morrisons will be open during the hours of 7am - 8pm. Stores will be closed on Easter Sunday. Opening times for both Tesco and Morrisons could vary from branch to branch. If you’re unsure what time your local shop will be open you can check using their respective store locator apps.  Opening hours for Asda during the Easter weekend are as follows: Good Friday: 6am - midnightSaturday: 6am - 9pmEaster Sunday: closedEaster Monday: 6am - 8pm DON'T MISS: Kill weeds on driveways and paths with boiling water [INSIGHT]‘Perfect time’ to eradicate moss from lawns - how to ‘kill it’ [EXPLAINED]M25 traffic HELL: Drivers face one hour delays after oil spill [NEWS] By law every large shop in England and Wales must close on two days each year. These are Easter Sunday and Christmas Day. Scotland is not subjected to trading hour restrictions and so there is no legal obligation for any stores to close on Easter Sunday. Large shops are classed as stores that measure more than 280 square metres.  These types of shops are also affected by strict trading rules on Sundays, which state that they can only be open for six consecutive hours between 10am and 6pm. Stores which have restricted trading hours on a Sunday must clearly display what they are inside and outside the premises. In comparison, small shops in England and Wales - defined as measuring up to and including 280 square metres - can open any day or hour. Measurements of a small shop include all parts of the store which are used to display goods and serve customers. 