Former Formula 1 star Eddie Irvine believes Ferrari should enforce stricter team orders to fend off Red Bull’s Max Verstappen and aid Charles Leclerc’s bid to win the World Championship in 2022. The Monegasque driver has enjoyed a tremendous start to the season, winning two of the first three races. Leclerc held off Verstappen to win the season-opening race in Bahrain before the Dutchman hit back in Saudi Arabia, although the Ferrari star finished P2. Last weekend, Leclerc stormed to victory in Melbourne while Verstappen suffered his second DNF of the season. It means Leclerc has already accumulated 71 points in 2022, and is 34 points clear of Mercedes’ George Russell, his nearest challenger. Ferrari teammate Carlos Sainz lies in third, with 33 points - 38 behind Leclerc. If the 24-year-old wins in Imola next weekend, Leclerc could hold one of the most commanding points leads after just four races in F1 history. However, with another 20 races remaining, the title is far from secured - and Irvine believes Ferrari chief Mattia Binotto must make Sainz a clear number two driver going forward to help the Italian giants win their first Drivers’ Championship since Kimi Raikkonen in 2007. READ MORE: Tost opens up on 'shock' at 'really big engine problems' at Red Bull Irvine raced alongside seven-time world champion and F1 icon Michael Schumacher for four seasons between 1996 and 1999. During his first three seasons, the Northern Irishman was winless but he helped his German teammate secure 14 Grand Prix victories. However, after Schumacher broke his leg at Silverstone in 1999, he began to assist Irvine as he took the title fight to McLaren’s Mika Hakkinen. Irvine believes similar orders must be utilised to help Leclerc fend off all challengers, including reigning champion Verstappen. “If I were Mattia, I would give precise orders - like in my day - because beating Verstappen is already tough,” Irvine told Italian paper Gazzetta dello Sport. DON'T MISSToto Wolff refuses to follow Christian Horner in financial cap rantLeclerc snubbed as Norris names 'unbeatable' mix of five driversToto Wolff gives ‘all credit’ to Ferrari for pulling off engine trick The Brit is aware of the issue that could arise whereby Sainz begins to consistently finish ahead of his teammate. Irvine stressed the gap in quality between the Ferrari duo is nowhere near as clear as between Verstappen and teammate Sergio Perez. Verstappen has proven he can comfortably outscore and outclass Perez over an entire season. However, Sainz outscored Leclerc by five and a half points in 2021 - and Irvine is wary of the Spaniard’s ability to influence the championship outcome. “This is a problem for Charles because Sainz, who is number two, can occasionally find himself in front,” Irvine added. “If you have a teammate who can snatch points... Perez, under normal conditions, can't beat Max.” The 22-race F1 2022 campaign - which is expected to return to a record 23 races in the near future once a Russian Grand Prix replacement is found - continues with the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on April 24.