According to the weather experts, the forecast over the next three days will witness a whole range of clouds along with some sunshine in certain parts of the country. The temperatures are expected to hover around 12-13C throughout.  Claire Nasir, a meteorologist with the Met Office said: “We do have a relentless easterly wind over the next few days delivering more cloud from time to time and some lower temperatures are going to feel cold in that breeze. “Overnight tonight, you can see clouds rolling in the central parts of the Scotland, border regions, northumberland. “Another batch of clouds through the early hours of Friday morning moves across East Anglia, the midlands, central southern England. “Many areas will be dry but some murky conditions across the far north of Scotland.  “Lowest temperatures will be the Glens of Scotland . But certainly, a windy start to the day across most parts. Gusty over the hills. “Through the morning on Friday, any cloud will tend to fade across Scotland and northern England whereas towards the south we will see a little bit of showery rain as the clouds move towards the more western areas. “Brightest skies in mid wales, the midlands northwards, and that’s where we see the high temperatures, particularly towards the West in shelter and in cool along the East coast. She continued: “So through the weekend, we really are chasing clouds. Those clouds will be lower misty across the north as well as the east, particularly along the coast.  READ MORE: Furious village row over plan to chop down 140-year-old tree “Cloudiness further south across England and Wales. But there will be some holes in the clouds allowing some sunshine.” The weather experts suggested that it will become quite warm over sheltered parts of the West, and South Wales, where temperatures may reach 18C or locally 19C, but 14C to 16C will be a more general maximum. In eastern areas, a North East wind will be quite brisk, and where sea mist continues to hug some shorelines, temperatures will struggle to reach a decidedly chilly 8C or 9C. Netweather forecaster Terry Scholey said: “Most parts stay dry, although the odd shower could develop again, most likely in the South and South West.  DON'T MISS:Queen's health fears spiral'Arrogant' Macron showed true colours in debateMassive explosion as plane crashes into food warehouse “Top temperatures a cooler 12C to 15C, generally maybe 16C or 17C in some sheltered western areas. “But only 8C or 9C is likely again along North Sea coasts in a brisk and cold North Easterly wind.” 