Liverpool legend Graeme Souness has insisted that Pep Guardiola made a huge error when he signed Jack Grealish from Aston Villa. Manchester City broke the British transfer record by bringing in the playmaker for £100million. City made a mistake when they signed Grealish from Aston Villa last summer. That is the verdict from Souness, who has laid into Guardiola's way of thinking. He believes that the priority should have been Harry Kane and that they should have left Grealish where he was. Now the Etihad outfit are regretting not having a striker that can score at least 20 goals a season in the Premier League. City might be leading Liverpool in the Premier League title race but only by one point and with five games to go, any stumble could be detrimental. Guardiola's men are among the top scorers in the division having netted 80. But with Kane in their ranks, Souness believes that they would be "out of sight" by now, while their squad depth has already been questioned. Erling Haaland is being targeted ahead of the summer while City's wide options include Riyad Mahrez, Raheem Sterling, Phil Foden and now Grealish. Souness wrote in The Times: "They got it wrong in the summer. They should have prioritised Harry Kane and not gone for Jack Grealish. You should keep your powder dry to land your No 1 necessity, which was a striker capable of scoring 20-plus goals per season. "With Kane, City would be out of sight by now in the league. Haaland is cheaper — he has a buyout clause of €75 million — and younger than Kane and I’d be amazed if a deal has not been done by now, wherever he’s going. But, if it’s City, can he settle straightaway in the Premier League, which is more demanding than the Bundesliga? "I know Zlatan Ibrahimovic didn’t work out for Pep Guardiola at Barcelona, but Haaland’s a different animal. He is a rampaging old-style centre forward with a bit of everything in his game. He wants to run without the ball, which is a dream for those behind him. "City got it wrong last summer by signing Grealish from Aston Villa. To commit £100 million on an area that didn’t need strengthening — they already had Raheem Sterling, Bernardo Silva, Riyad Mahrez and Phil Foden — was a mistake. You can’t say Grealish has made a difference. "The Grealish fee also sets a precedent if City come calling for a player. If you’re selling, you would always ask for more than you value the player at because you know clubs like City, and Newcastle now, have deep wallets."