The former European Council President and ex-Polish Prime Minister was furious that Hungary, Germany and Austria have caved in to Putin’s demands to pay in Rubles for oil and gas, breaking the EU’s unity on sanctions over the Ukraine war.“I’ve heard that not only Hungary but also Austria and Germany are ready to pay for the Russian gas in rubles,” he raged on Twitter. “Are they still in eurozone or in rublezone?” But senior Brexiteer Tory MPs have said that “the chickens have come home” for Mr Tusk after he spent years lecturing Britain over how unified the EU was during Brexit negotiations. Conservative MP Mark Francois, chairman of the powerful European Research Group (ERG), poked fun at Mr Tusk for his claim during the Brexit negotiations that there was “a special place in Hell” for Brexiteers. Mr Francois, a former armed forces minister, said: “Donald Tusk once famously called for Brexiteers to be sent to ‘a special place in hell.’ “So, I wonder where he now wants to send his EU partners, who are effectively bankrolling Putin’s barbaric war, by their over-reliance on Russian gas?” Another senior Brexieer MP, Peter Bone, who chaired the Grassroots Out! Campaign group, said: “The chickens have come home to roost for Mr Tusk. “He and the others who believed in an EU superstate are being shown that governments act in their own self interest and the interests of the voters in their countries. “Most people in Europe don’t want an EU superstate, only the members of the elite like Mr Tusk.” He added: “We all remember how Donald Tusk lectured us on being the renegade state and attacked Brexit. “He constantly talked about how unified the EU was. Well it turns out that it is not.” READ MORE: 'Anti-Brexit' Joe Biden 'eating his words' as Boris 'puts US to shame' Mr Tusk’s intervention has also highlighted the way the UK has led the way in backing up Ukraine with military aide and training as well as medical supplies. A senior EU diplomat recently told Express.co.uk that the EU was forced by the UK into taking action against Russia much sooner than it otherwise would have done. “Some in the EU complain that Britain is trying to bounce the EU into action too quickly,” the diplomat said. “But if it had not been for that then we would be seeing the issue [Ukraine] discussed in endless committee meetings with no resolution. Too often that’s the EU way.” The diplomat added: “Let’s be honest we saw it with the vaccine and now with Ukraine. Britain outside the EU is more nimble and able to make decisions more quickly. DON'T MISS Tory blasts Labour in election windfall tax row ‘It’s communist!' [REVEAL] Why Parliament is about to be shut down - just 9 days after returning [INSIGHT] Brexit POLL: Should Northern Ireland vote to scrap Protocol in 2024? [REACTION]  “With the coronavirus vaccine you [the UK] were able to get it agreed and rolled out weeks before the EU. “It is the same with this crisis. The UK saw the threat first and was starting to prepare sanctions and other actions before the rest of Europe.” Ukraine’s President Zelensky has also urged the EU states to follow the UK’s example while Putin has banned Boris Johnson from Russia and named him the “number one enemy.”