Controversial television pundit Richard Keys has slammed Manchester United for appointing Erik ten Hag as their new manager - and has even dubbed the Dutchman 'Ten Months', suggesting he doesn't expect the Ajax chief to make the grade in the Premier League. Ten Hag was confirmed as United's new manager last week and is set to get to work at the end of the season. The 52-year-old has enjoyed a stunning spell in Amsterdam with Ajax, where he's won the domestic double twice. The Dutch giants - who were also on course for the Eredivisie title before Covid struck - are also in pole position to win the league title this term with just a handful of games remaining. Ten Hag has garnered a reputation for an attractive, expansive brand of football while nurturing young talent during his four years in Holland - but that hasn't convinced Keys that he'll be a success at Old Trafford. And the former Sky pundit believes United may have made a mistake by making a mad dash to appoint the Ajax chief. Writing on his blog, Keys said: “So now we know. Football’s worst kept secret is out. Erik ten Months is confirmed in the most uncomfortable hot seat of all. READ MORE: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit "I genuinely wish him well. I hope he gets beyond the 10 months or so that United coaches are generally given - a pattern set after the sacking of David Moyes. Ten Months might turn out to be a stroke of genius by football director John Murtough and Darren Fletcher - but I have to wonder - what was the rush to appoint him? “Not one of the other big clubs in Europe was chasing him. Not one. So why did United dive in headlong now? As I write Poch, looks as though he’ll be on the market. I still don’t believe Conte is in for the long haul at Spurs. There are so many other options. But it’s done.” Ten Hag has a huge job on his hand at Old Trafford. United have floundered in the Premier League in recent years, and his task will be complicated by United's failure to qualify for next season's Champions League. The ex-Utrecht chief is set to be given the scope to significantly remould his playing squad this summer in a bid to get United firing again. However, it remains to be seen if he'll be able to lure his preferred targets to the club in the wake of their spectacular collapse over the past 12 months. And Keys has also suggested that the methods that Ten Hag has employed at Ajax are not guaranteed to work at Old Trafford. And he fears that Ten Hag could struggle to handle the big-name players at the ailing club. He continued: “Ten Months has got his work cut out and I fear he’ll go the same way as the others. “Good luck with that at Carrington, Erik. ‘Er – Ronnie (Cristiano Ronaldo). You’re standing in the wrong position. You too, Bruno (Fernandes). And you Marcus (Rashford)’. I think not. As I said last week - big players at big clubs are different. They need handling differently. They’re not impressed by whiteboards and crayons."