Carolina Santos was partnered with Daniel Holmes on season nine of Married At First Sight Australia. The couple's relationship started behind closed doors on the quirky dating TV series. Now that their romance has played out on screen, fans are keen to know where Carolina is. Carolina and her husband Daniel were thrown into the spotlight over how their relationship started. Carolina, 34, explained how she did not have an emotional or physical connection with her original partner, Dion Giannarelli. The online business owner admitted she fell hard and quickly for men in the past. But she could not form a bond with Dion and it led to an explosive breakup. Daniel was 'married' to Jessica Seracino at the time. READ MORE: Jackson Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Jackson Lonie now? During one episode of the series, the group was shown footage of Carolina and Daniel kissing. The co-stars and relationship experts were left looking surprised. As for where Carolina is now, the star spoke with Daniel on Channel Nine's Today Show about their relationship. She said: "Well we never really had anything with our partners apart from a fake marriage and an experiment really. "It's not like we had an emotional or physical connection with any of them, so we didn't think we owed them anything." Daniel revealed in the same interview that he and Carolina are now living together. He said: "We are in love, we live together and we are just being ourselves." Carolina is on Instagram and she shared a photo of herself with Daniel from the series. The pair can be seen sitting on a sofa, with Daniel's arm draped around Carolina's shoulders. She said: "I'm never leaving your side." DON'T MISS... Olivia Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Olivia Frazer now? [INSIGHT] Ella Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Ella Ding now? [EXPLAINER] Dion Married At First Sight Australia: Where is Dion Giannarelli now? [INSIGHT] In another photo, she is showing a straight-faced expression. She commented: "Can’t tell if I’m smiling, sad, angry etc. "So many emotions through this wild #MAFS journey and it didn't project into this photo! "I’m smiling on the inside tho lol." [Sic] From this, it seems she is over the moon with how things have turned out since leaving the show. Married At First Sight viewers were in for a shock when Daniel and Carolina announced they had recoupled. They wanted to continue the experiment together, but the experts denied their request. Carolina's husband Dion left the room after hearing about his wife's 'affair'. He said it was "not nice to watch" the events play out.  Married At First Sight Australia airs on E4.