Sophie Wessex, 57, is still in the Caribbean on her week long tour of the Caribbean. Prince Edward and Sophie will be heading home today back to the UK. But last night, the royal couple attended an Investiture Ceremony at Government House in Castries, Saint Lucia. For the event, Sophie donned a new Erdem ‘Clarrisa’ belted embroidered linen midi dress.  The item is available to buy at Selfridges, but will set you back £1,555. The Countess paired her new dress with a bag from her favourite brand – Sophie Habsburg. All of Sophie’s bags and clutches so far this trip have been designed by Sophie Habsburg. This time, the Countess opted for a new limited bag in black and white with flowers for 310 euros, or roughly £260.46.  READ MORE: Sophie Wessex stuns in red floral dress to visit volcano For footwear, Sophie wore her repeat Stuart Weitzman jean wedges in blue. Although the patent blue leather wedges are no longer in stock, similar wedges can be purchased on the website for up to £375. Keeping her favourite brands close, Sophie chose to wear her Halcyon Days Maya Torque diamond bracelet as well as a pearl version. The Countess has worn these bracelets consistently during her trip as they represent her love for the Caribbean.  The description for the piece reads: “Our new Maya torque bangle has the blues. “Dive into the Caribbean with this latest blue and bejewelled twist on our classic design.” Sophie had braided her hair along the sides and tied up her long locks into a low tight bun. She also wore plenty of eyeliner and mascara to make her bright blue eyes really shine.  Fans liked Sophie’s look, however were conflicted over her footwear. Instagram user @gabriel_gibson_decorative_arts said: “I really don’t like the shoes, but the rest is ok. “She’s a pretty woman but needs a better stylist.” Another fan, @cecebe84 added: “I love everything from the ankles up.” Royal watcher @basak_ertas commented: “That’s a hit! Shoes are excused.”  Instagram account @esra_zen wrote: “That’s a nice dress but her shoe game in this tour is a fail.” Finally, royal fan @anniam.nz said: “She should have popped a pair of pumps into her luggage to formal this look up. Love the dress!” The Countess was pictured chatting happily to Anysia Charles, the wife of the Governor General of Saint Lucia, Errol Charles. The Investiture took place at Government House in Morne Fortune, near Castries, Saint Lucia. This would have been one of the couple’s final engagements during their visit to the Caribbean. This trip has been to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. 