The Channel 5 hit show All Creatures Great and Small is set to return at some point this year and although little is known about when the next instalment will air, TV writer Ben Vanstone has let slip about some exciting changes to expect. Yorkshire veterinary surgeon Siegfried Farnon (played by Samuel West) is based on show inspiration Alf Wight's real-life counterpart Donald Sinclair and is about to hopefully kick one bad habit in the upcoming chapters of the show. The Channel 5 production is a remake of the original long-running 1970s adaptation of James Herriot's book All Creatures Great and Small. So far, Samuel's character, Siegfried, has appeared in all 14 episodes and, according to the show's writer, is set to give up smoking, potentially even as soon as next season. Ben said: "I'm really looking forward to the episode where Siegfried decides to give up smoking. "He becomes very evangelical about it, but he’s also, I imagine, having nicotine withdrawal and getting rather stroppy with everyone." Read More: Philip Serrell wife: Who is the Bargain Hunt expert married to? Siegfried already has quite a firm nature that can catch Yorkshire residents off guard and has a tense relationship with his on-screen brother Tristan Farnon (Callum Woodhouse). How will his nicotine withdrawal tantrums affect his relationships? Talking on the PBS Masterpiece Studio podcast, he added: "I think that’s going to be a fun episode to write." Without giving too much away, he alluded to other possible twists that would be fun for him to get stuck into. Ben continued: "There are other character moments which I think, down the road, that I’m really looking forward to writing. "We know that the story of Edward, at some point, is going to come back, because it’s such an important part of Mrs Hall’s life that you feel that it, at some point, will come to a resolution of sorts. "I think that’s going to be a really interesting one to get to.” Fans of the show will know that Edward is Mrs Hall's (Anna Madeley) estranged son, who they thought they would have got to see in the Christmas special. DON’T MISS…Death in Paradise's Josephine Jobert details 'sexy' reason BBC made costume 'too big [LATEST]Why did Dan Stevens leave Downton Abbey as Matthew Crawley? [LATEST]BBC Breakfast: Fans are convinced they have 'figured out' Dan Walker replacement[LATEST] That didn't pan out for viewers but based on Ben's comment, they can expect to meet him at some point in the near future. Mrs Hall practically runs Skeldale House, despite what Siegfried may feel, and her character is one of the only to deviate from the books, with her becoming a more prominent role in the TV adaptation. Previously actor Samuel described how important the lady of the house was to his character and the show. He said: "Because Mrs Hall in the original books is a housekeeper, as she is in ours, but that's all she is; she is an employee.