Reporting in Moscow on the war, dubbed a “special military operation”, in Ukraine appears to have been getting more extreme with time. As the fighting reaches the beginning of its third month, commentators are telling millions via Russia state-run television channels no compromises can be accepted and that Ukraine must be irreversibly changed. In one stark recent example, pundit Mikhail Konev told viewers of Channel One Russia the Ukrainian Government and wider Ukrainian operation must be “wiped off the face of the earth”. He said once Russia has conquered the country, the West will be happy to continue trading and holding diplomatic relations with Moscow, despite countless reports, including some from within the Kremlin, suggesting otherwise. Konev, quoted by Francis Scarr from the BBC, said: “As soon as the criminal Kyiv regime is wiped off the face of the earth, harmony will return, there'll be international trade again and sanctions will be lifted. “The situation will only exist while there are Ukrainians willing to spill blood for unclear aims.” For Mr Scarr, these remarks demonstrated “the extent to which Russian state TV is consumed by hatred and vitriol”. He highlighted that before the war, Konev was considered a “token liberal” on talk shows. Anton Barbashin, Editorial Director of Riddle Russia, added in a post on Twitter: “I've even met the guy. Back then he was all about protesting Putin's regime and fighting for the legacy of Nemtsov. “Then he got bought and sold.” READ MORE: Brexiteer celebrates blocking of ‘absurd EU law’ Having once been a critic of Putin’s regime, Konev appears now to be a staunch critic of those raise questions about the war in Ukraine. His claim the West will be happy to engage with Moscow once the fighting is over has been met with particular scepticism, including among top Russian officials. Bloomberg earlier this month cited 10 figures who believe the war will “set the country back for years”. DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The paper reported: “Senior officials have tried to explain to the president that the economic impact of the sanctions will be devastating, erasing the two decades of growth and higher living standards that Putin had delivered during his rule, according to people familiar with the situation. “Putin brushed off the warnings, saying that while Russia would pay a huge cost, the West had left him no alternative but to wage war, the people said.” Journalist Mark Galeotti added similar concerns are being raised by business leaders and security officials, who are expressing “growing alarm and dismay” with Putin’s decision making. But these views are not being represented on Russian state television. Bloomberg highlighted the officials had to speak on the condition of anonymity because they were “too fearful of retribution”. Even Channel One Russia’s own line has been contradictory on the position of the West once the war is over. While Konev suggested the West will drop its sanctions in a heartbeat, pundit Mikhail Markelov, quoted again by Mr Scarr, said on the same channel the countries backing Ukraine “are a kind of collective Hitler”. He insisted “that de-facto we’re in World War Three”, which makes it difficult to imagine the sudden lowering of the Western drawbridge to Moscow following the Ukrainian campaign. Meanwhile, those who are convicted of purposefully spreading “false” news about the Russian army now face up to 15 years in jail, creating a state in which criticism of the regime appears all the more difficult.