In an interview with the BBC on Saturday, the MP for Tiverton and Honiton in Devon admitted to watching pornography twice in the House of Commons. He said it had been a “moment of madness”, adding: “I was not proud of what I was doing.” Mr Parish said the first time was accidental after looking at tractors, but the second time was deliberate. The MP was suspended by the Conservative Party on Friday over the allegations. Two senior female colleagues claimed they had seen him looking at adult content on his phone while sitting near them. He added: "What I did was absolutely wrong." Mr Parish was visibly emotional as he confirmed he was standing down after seeing the damage it was causing his family, constituency and local association. He said: “I was wrong, I was stupid, I lost sense of mind.” But he denied watching the material in a way where he hoped other people would see it. READ MORE: BBC viewers blast 'totally unnecessary' waste of licence fee money The MP told the BBC: “I make a full apology. A total full apology. It was not my intention to intimidate.” Mr Parish's local party, Tiverton and Honiton Conservatives, has supported his decision to step down. It added: "We would like to take this opportunity to thank Neil Parish for his service to our communities over the past 12 years." On Friday, Mr Parish said that he had referred himself to the standards commissioner for investigation but had refused to resign immediately. DON'T MISSBrexit LIVE: Lord Frost erupts at Irish government over deal [BLOG]Putin to face coup as men blow 'their one chance' in key battle [COMMENTS]POLL: Voters will not pay extra to achieve Boris’s Net Zero targets [REACTION] The MP had initially claimed he had viewed the adult content in error but gave no further details until Saturday's announcement. In an earlier interview with the BBC on Friday, Mr Parish said he would co-operate fully with the inquiry. He said: “Of course it's embarrassing, and it's embarrassing for my wife and family, and so that's my main concern at the moment. "I have a very supportive wife and I thank her for that." Asked if it was a mistake and he had opened something on his phone in error, he said: “I did, but let the inquiry look at that. “I will await the findings of the inquiry and then I will consider my position. I will not remain if I am found guilty.” Other politicians had been calling for Mr Parish, who also chairs the environment select committee, to stand down as an MP. The Labour Party had hit out the wider culture within the Conservative Party and accused the Government of knowing about the incident for days but failing to take action. Senior Tory MPs have also criticised the party over the delay, bemoaning the time it took for the Tory whips office to react and suspend him from the party. Speaking to the BBC on Saturday morning, Tory MP Caroline Nokes said: “I fully expected to wake up on the Wednesday morning and find that a member of Parliament had had the whip suspended, and I felt that by leaving it until Friday before we knew that action had been taken by the whips, that felt like unnecessary dither and delay.” Mr Parish’s wife, Susan, had said the allegation was “very embarrassing” and described her husband as “quite a normal guy” and “a lovely person”. In an interview with The Times published on Saturday, she said: “People shouldn’t be looking at pornography. He would never just sit there with people looking. “He would never just do that knowing [people were looking]. These ladies were quite right to be as cross as they were because I was cross, too.” Mr Parish had said on Friday evening that he would remain an MP while his conduct was being investigated. But his resignation will now trigger a by-election in Tiverton and Honiton, which is a safe Tory seat. It emerged on Wednesday that a female minister had reported a male colleague for viewing pornographic material while sitting beside her in the Commons chamber. The female minister said she had also seen the MP watching adult content during a hearing of a select committee, the Times reported. A second female Tory MP said she had tried to capture video proof of him doing so but had been unable to do so. The government’s safeguarding minister, Rachel Maclean, has denied that the Conservative Party is institutionally sexist but acknowledged that there was “clearly a problem” in the Commons. She said: “I think there is clearly a problem in the House of Commons. And I think it extends to all parties actually.” The safeguarding minister also defended the whips office over the delay in suspending Mr Parish. Ms Maclean said: “There clearly needed to be some time to establish the veracity of what was said, the facts of the case. "Where we've got to now is the right place we need to be, which is there is the investigation happening, the chief whip has taken the action he's taken.”