Tiger Woods, 46, was involved in a car accident in February last year, leaving him suffering major leg injuries. As a result, the golfing pro was forced to abandon the sport for the first part of 2021 after undergoing a fifth back surgery. However, according to insiders, Tiger has been able to see his son Charlie Axel, 12, and daughter Sam Alexis, 13 “a lot”. According to one of the sources, this was partly thanks to his ex-wife, Elin Nordegren, who they called “amazing”. The former model is said to have been ensuring Tiger is able to see his children during his recovery from the horrifying accident. One source said last year: "He sees the kids a lot. Maybe not every day, but almost every day. “A lot of that is because of Elin, who is just amazing. She's been incredible since the crash. “She has bent over backwards to make sure that he can see the kids while he recovers from his injuries,” they concluded to PEOPLE. Express.co.uk has contacted a representative for Tiger Woods for comment. Tiger was unable to compete in the 2021 Masters due to his injuries. Some insiders have claimed that the huge progress in his recovery was due to the support of his girlfriend, Erica Herman. Last year, an insider explained how his girlfriend of four years "never left his side" while he went through a tough recovery process. The source claimed: "She’s supported him every step of the way. "Tiger made mistakes, but now he’s committed to being the best partner he can be. DON'T MISS...Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]'I'm a jealous person' Emma Willis banned husband Matt from Strictly [INSIGHT]Penny Lancaster, 51, puts on affectionate display with Rod Stewart, 77 [PICTURES] “He’s got a brand-new attitude about his life, even though it’s unclear what the future holds. "He knows he has so much to be grateful for," they added to OK! Magazine in 2021. The accident took place after he lost control of his vehicle outside of Los Angeles on February 23, 2021. Tiger sustained comminuted open fractures to both the tibia and the fibula in his right leg. The sportsman was rushed to Harbor-UCLA Medical Center and later transferred to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. He spoke out last year on his gruelling recovery and what is on the cards for him when it comes to his career. Tiger told Golf Digest in 2021: “There was a point in time when, I wouldn’t say it was 50/50, but it was damn near there if I was going to walk out of that hospital with one leg. “Once I [kept it], I wanted to test and see if I still had my hands. “So even in the hospital, I would have [girlfriend] Erica [Herman] and [friend] Rob [McNamara] throw me something. Throw me anything.”