Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel could drop Timo Werner when his side host Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final showdown on Wednesday night (8pm). The Blues won the competition last season and will be looking to take one step closer to retaining their title when the Spanish giants arrive at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea have lost just one match in the Champions League this season and came through their last 16 encounter as they saw off Lille over two legs. But they face a much tougher test in the form of Real, who have been crowned European champions 13 times in the past. Tuchel’s side suffered an embarrassing 4-1 Premier League loss to Brentford on Saturday as they were outplayed by last season’s Championship play-off winners. So Tuchel will expect to see big improvements for the visit of Madrid. And Express Sport takes a look at how the German could line his side up. Goalkeeper – Mendy Edouard Mendy has only ever shipped four goals or more on one other occasions for Chelsea and he was almost certainly asking questions of his defence in the aftermath of Saturday’s defeat. Mendy will hope he and his defensive colleagues can regroup ahead of Wednesday’s clash to ensure they produce a much more solid performance. READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash    Defence – Christensen, Rudiger, Silva Tuchel played with a back four against the Bees at the weekend. But his team’s egregious display could see the manager revert to his favoured three-man defence, which he has utilised during every Champions League match of the campaign so far. That means Andreas Christensen could come back into the side after being rested at the weekend. And the Denmark international could line-up alongside Antonio Rudiger and Thiago Silva, who have both been key to the team this season. Midfield – James, Kante, Jorginho, Alonso Reece James has struggled for fitness this season and has missed a string of matches as a result. But he came off the bench on Saturday following his latest absence and will surely be given the nod on the right if he didn’t suffer any ill-effects from his run-out. DON'T MISS...Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loanLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talksGary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win     Jorginho could return to the side to partner the ever-reliable N’Golo Kante at the heart of midfield, while Marcos Alonso is likely to provide the width down the left. Forwards – Mount, Havertz, Ziyech Werner has suffered a miserable time at Stamford Bridge since signing from RB Leipzig in 2020. And he produced another dismal display against Brentford as he failed to create a single chance and gave the ball away a remarkable 11 times. The Germany international could therefore be dropped, with Mason Mount occupying a more attacking role. Kai Havertz is likely to lead the frontline once again, while Hakim Ziyech could retain his place as well. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 