Gary Neville believes Paul Pogba may now have played his last minutes for Manchester United after being subbed off through injury in the ninth minute against Liverpool. The Frenchman kept his place in Ralf Rangnick's starting XI for the trip to Anfield, despite being jeered off at Old Trafford in the 3-2 win over Norwich on Saturday.  However, Pogba's night did not last long when he appeared to pick up or aggravate an injury in the early stages of the match. He was hobbling around with six minutes on the clock, prompting Rangnick to turn to the bench in search of reinforcements. Jesse Lingard entered the fray as Pogba limped off the field to the sound of cheers from the Kop. Neville then posed the question of whether this could be Pogba's last game in United colours, with his contract up at the end of the season. READ MORE: Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims The World Cup winner is yet to decide whether he will sign on the dotted line and will wait to speak to the new manager before making any decision. United are believed to have offered Pogba a bumper contract extension that would see him net in the region of £500,000-a-week. The proposal is said to have agitated some members of the United dressing room, who could now demand higher salaries. Neville was hardly complimentary of United, who were 2-0 down inside 22 minutes courtesy of goals from Luis Diaz and Mohamed Salah. DON'T MISSWest Ham star Nikola Vlasic in tears after Burnley's Ashley Westwood suffers horror injuryAjax chief lets slip on Erik ten Hag's Man Utd verbal agreement - 'We tried everything'Man Utd unchanged on forward Mason Greenwood following 'return to training' claims "This Man Utd team are a waste of space," said the Sky Sports pundit during commentary. "This is as bad as it gets. I thought Man Utd looked promising towards the end of last season but the demise to where they're at today has been alarming. What we're watching is nothing. This is nothing." Speaking after the Norwich game, Rangnick did not seem overly fussed by the hostile reaction Pogba received from the fans. “I didn’t hear it myself to be honest, we were talking about it with my staff in the locker room. “I think the fans here are amazing, I really do. The support in the stadium today was great, it could not have been any better. “I can understand if the fans are frustrated and disappointed, so are we. I don’t think it makes sense to take on and to target any individual person or player. It’s a collective responsibility. For me it doesn’t make sense and this is why I will always defend and protect my players. “By the way I think Paul in the first half in possession of the ball did well.”