While attending the Netherlands for this year's Invictus Games event, Prince Harry, 37, spoke in an interview for NBC's Today show in which he spoke about the Royal Family and discussed how he wants to "protect" the Queen and make sure she has the "right people around her". His comments have sparked criticism, with some saying the way he is making sure she has the "right people around her" is by himself, not being one of them. Speaking of the latest episode of Royally Us, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said: "I think, I, like loads of people here in the UK, but also around the world, think it [the comments] was absolutely ridiculous. "Imagine saying that you're looking after your grandmother and protecting her by not seeing her for two years. "I think it was actually quite a bizarre statement, even coming from the Duke and Duchess of Montecito." He added: "I think that, in reality, everyone sees that they're doing their own thing, which is fine, that's their choice in life. "They've made the decision and nobody can necessarily criticise them for wanting a bit of independence and freedom in that respect, I suppose plenty of us can criticise them for it. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry faces 'stumbling block' repairing rift as relationship row rages "But to then, go and say that actually this flying visit on his way to his appearance in The Netherlands at the Invictus Games, of course with his Netflix crew in tow, I think is honestly a strange thing to say." He added: "Just to have parked the film crew outside the door for a quick meeting with grandma so that you can then do an interview on network TV saying that you're looking after her and protecting her and making sure she's got the right people around her." The royal expert continued: "Some people have said he was making sure she had the right people around her was by not being one oft them." Host Christina Garibaldi concluded the talk by calling the discussion "interesting". READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson pays bizarre tribute to Queen in veiled message after scandal Speaking earlier this month, GMB's North American Correspondent Noel Phillips said that the interview was "another TV moment that has the potential to drive Harry even further away from his family". The NBC Today interview came just a year after Harry and Meghan's "bombshell" tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey. Speaking of his visit to the Queen, Prince Harry told NBC that the 96-year-old was in "great form". He also revealed that he and Meghan had tea with the Queen during their visit. DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] Prince Harry and Meghan currently reside in the US with their two young children, son Archie, who turns three next month and 10-month-old daughter, Lilibet. Their trip to The Netherlands and the UK was the first time the couple have taken an overseas trip together since their departure from the Royal Family.