TalkTV launched this week with Piers Morgan Uncensored while Sharon Osbourne returned for The Talk UK. The channel started with more than 400,000 viewers tuning in for Piers’ return to TV a year after quitting Good Morning Britain, however by Thursday, viewing figures had dropped to just 123,000. Ratings dropped to 23,000 below what Nigel Farage achieved with his 7pm slot. Now, Dan Wootton has revealed GB News are continuing to outdo their rivals as his show beat Sky News and TalkTV on Thursday night. Taking to Twitter to share the news, Dan posted: “Last week critics wrote off @GBNEWS because of our rocky launch ten months ago. “Last night my underdog show beat Sky News in the TV ratings between 9pm and 11pm, including Beth Rigby’s new flagship and the Press Preview. “That’s thanks to you - and we’re just getting started!” He went on to add: “Oh, and we more than doubled the ratings of the much hyped new rival Talk TV between 9pm and 11pm too. READ MORE: Blue Bloods' Abigail Hawk left in hysterics at season 13 renewal video “Thank you from the bottom of my heart for your loyalty and sticking with our team. “We’ll do it all again next week.” TalkTv star James Whale responded to Dan on Twitter, writing: “The gauntlet down can’t wait.” Dan hit back: “My ratings were FIVE TIMES higher than yours last night James so, yup, let's do this! Love you my friend x.” The GB News host also received support from Dawn Neesom, who regularly joins Dan as a guest on his show. “@danwootton has an excellent team around him too, both on & off camera. And there's something in particular about that Tuesday night show of his...@GBNews #GBNews #TeamTuesday @calvinrobinson @ByLucyJones” she posted in response. It’s not the first time this week, Dan’s show has beaten its competitors in the ratings battle. Earlier in the week, Guido Fawkes reported: “Sharon Osbourne’s show is frankly bombing. “Last night it crashes at points to just 10 percent of the audience rival Dan Wootton on GB News. “Averaging fewer than 20,000 viewers for the show.” DON'T MISS...Ann Widdecombe blasts Macron [VIDEO]GB News: Prince Harry slammed by Mark Dolan as ‘king of the snowflake [WATCH]GB News slanging match over Keir Starmer and Partygate [LATEST] While Dan’s show went out on GB News at 9pm, Sky News aired new show Beth Rigby Interviews. The host spoke to Fiona Hill, former U.S. National Security Council member, South Africa's former first lady, Graca Machel, and Ofsted Chief Inspector Amanda Spielman. Beth has yet to respond to the latest viewing figures revealing GB News beat her Sky New show. Meanwhile, Piers Morgan told his 7.9million followers he ended his launch week in the No.1 spot beating his rivals. “UPDATE: ⁦@PiersUncensored ended its launch week at No1 in its UK slot last night - beating BBC News, Sky News & GB News,” he wrote. “If someone had told me we’d achieve that in week one, on a brand new network, I’d have said they were bonkers! Thanks for watching…” Both Piers and Dan’s shows air Monday to Thursday so it will be interesting to see how the ratings compare in a week’s time. Dan Wootton Tonight airs on GB News at 9-11pm from Monday to Thursday.