Rosacea is a common skin condition that causes blushing or flushing and visible blood vessels in your face. The condition can affect anyone. Signs and symptoms of rosacea may flare up for weeks to months and then go away for a while. Rosacea can be mistaken for acne, other skin problems or natural ruddiness. It is more prevalent in middle aged white women and there is no cure but treatment can control and reduce the signs and symptoms. According to Mayo Clinic, signs and symptoms may include: Enlarged nose If rosacea progresses, the nose becomes redder, swollen at the end and gains a bumpy surface which changes in its shape, according to the British Association of Dermatology. It added: “This swelling is because there is formation of scar-like tissue and the sebaceous glands (which produce oil on the skin) get bigger. “Much more rarely, swelling can arise on other parts of their face such as the ears and chin.” Rosacea is not a life-threatening condition, but the physical symptoms associated with the disorder can be uncomfortable and embarrassing. Also, if left untreated, it may cause permanent scarring of the skin. Leaving it untreated can cause significant damage, not only to the skin, but to the eyes as well. Dr. Sophie Shotter at The Illuminate Skin Clinic said: “Rosacea responds well to red and near infra-red light, which help to calm inflammation in the skin and therefore help to settle some of the symptoms of rosacea. “LED is an excellent tool within a skincare regime, whether that’s as an in-clinic or at-home treatment. Using different wavelengths of light, we can target different skin problems. “This, alongside a great home skincare regime, can lead to significant and measurable improvements in skin conditions. “Psoriasis and acne are another inflammatory skin condition which responds well to red and near infra-red light. “For acne we would predominantly use blue light. This targets the c.acnes bacteria in the skin, decreasing the bacterial load in the skin and thereby decreasing active breakouts.”