Former EastEnders star Danniella Westbrook has revealed she and her toyboy prison boyfriend are discussing adopting a Ukrainian baby. In a new interview, the actress, 48, spoke of her heartbreak at being unable to have any more children, before adding that she came up with the idea to adopt a baby from war-torn Ukraine during a recent jail visit to her beau, David, 28. Danniella, who played Sam Mitchell in BBC soap EastEnders for over two decades years, told how getting older has made her reassess her priorities. She said: "As you get older you realise what is important in life, it's like me with my fella now, we've known each other for years and gone back and forth. "He eventually would have liked to have children, but I can't have any more children." The actress went on to reveal that they're now considering adopting a baby from Ukraine following the country's invasion by Russia. READ MORE: Amber and Johnny's counsellor says she 'would strike him to keep him' "When I went to see him on Saturday in jail I was like 'do you know what, all these Ukrainian babies, they've got all these thousands of Ukrainian babies that can't be adopted," she told Daily Star. The star is already a mum to son Kai, 25 and daughter Jodie, 20. Danniella and her mystery man known only as David met years ago in Spain when they both lived out there. She described their first attempt at a relationship as “tumultuous” and “on off all the time”. Danniella's update comes just days after she confirmed that she's engaged to her jailbird boyfriend following a proposal in prison. The actress revealed that David popped the question during a jail visit with a "big" ring, but added she's expecting an even bigger ring soon. The mother-of-two has already been married twice before - to Ben Morgan in 1998, which lasted one year, and then to businessman Kevin Jenkins in 2001. Her marriage to Kevin lasted until 2014, but their divorce wasn’t finalised until 2020. DON'T MISS... George Alagiah leaves fans tearful at BBC return amid cancer battle [UPDATE]Ulrika Jonsson, 54, defies critics with incredible bikini snap [INSIGHT]'Over it!' Amanda Holden, 51, announces she's quitting music [ANALYSIS] Now, Danniella is over the moon as she prepares to walk down the aisle for a third time. "I've got a big ring that was made for me, and I wore it into the jail and David said 'it was lovely but it's not big enough' so there is a bigger one coming,” she said. "He has asked me to marry him but I told him to wait until he gets home. "He asks me all the time, he even asked me at the jail," she said to The Sun. Wasting no time, the former Sam Mitchell actress has already pinned down a possible location for the big day - the Maldives. Earlier this month, Danniella revealed David will be released in just under a year, having been jailed in early 2019. The star was linked to former TOWIE star Grace Andrew’s father Terry, after they were spotted at lunch together. But taking to her Instagram, Danniella clarified: "This is not my boyfriend. It was a working lunch. My boyfriend is in JAIL!!!"