The future of the Fast and Furious franchise has been set in stone. After F9, Dominic Toretto star Vin Diesel announced the series would come to an end after Fast and Furious 10 and Fast and Furious 11. Earlier this month, he also announced the tenth movie's title would be stylised as Fast X. This week, he also revealed that Mia Toretto was not originally in the script for the hotly-anticipated movie. But Diesel, and his daughter, fought back against the director. Diesel recently posted a touching photo on his Instagram account of him and Mia star Jordana Brewster hugging Paul Walker. Walker died in a car accident in 2013, but his character, Brian O'Conner, lived on for another movie. Even in the latest film, F9, Brian was said to be at home looking after his and Mia's children. His car even made a cameo in the final moments of the movie. Diesel has now revealed that Mia and Brian's story will continue in Fast X. He wrote on his Instagram: "Yes, Your opinion has always mattered. When the F10 script came in, it excluded Mia Toretto… Someone whom I’ve attributed the brotherhood of Dom and Brian to. I was so disappointed that I couldn’t see how I could continue… After all, I wasn’t going to make another Fast unless Brian was back in Four… I don’t need to remind you of the petitions you sent the studio for Letty’s return at the end of Five." (sic) Thankfully, he revealed he will be bringing Mia back - despite the writers' first script attempt. Diesel went on to announce: "Side note, you will never believe who corrected the very important role of Mia… my daughter, the Alpha Angel, who told the director very plainly and honestly: 'NO MIA NO FAST 10!' haha." He added: "The irony, is that the day she was born I was filming with Jordanna and Pablo [Paul] and it was Jordanna who I first told… profound right?" (sic) The 54-year-old went on to say that, not only will he be bringing Mia back to the series, but will also "honour" Walker - even ten years after his death. He emotionally added: "There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t want to turn back time, talk Pablo out of heading back to LA that thanksgiving weekend." READ MORE: Vin Diesel remembers wonderful advice Paul Walker gave him Diesel continued: "Every Fast film I make must at the core always honor my brother Pablo. In the real world, I will always look after his family, because in the real world he is family. When his daughter asked me to walk her down the isle… I tear up, and then do it with pride and honor." (sic) He added that Walker's mother "asked him to bring Brian back to the screen". Diesel said: "Well, I don’t have to tell you how serious I take that. Fast could never have been here without the profound love and brotherhood between Dom and Brian, established in 2001." He closed out his lengthy post with some heartfelt thanks dedicated to his fans. DON'T MISS...Vin Diesel remembers wonderful advice Paul Walker gave him [NEWS] Paul Walker's daughter in tribute to dad eight years after car crash [INFO]Vin Diesel walks Paul Walker's daughter down the aisle as fans 'cry' [INSIGHT] Diesel passionately said: "Yeah, I am talking too much, but damn, life is short and your comment touched me and hit a cord. Thank you for believing in me, in us… I won’t rest until I make you, him… and the universe proud. All love, Always." Mia joining Fast X rounds out the cast in a big way. Recently, it was announced Aquaman star Jason Momoa will be playing a new, unnamed character. Joining him is another superhero star: Captain Marvel herself, Brie Larson. Diesel announced Brie's arrival on his Instagram account a week ago. He posted a photo of the pair of them hanging out while writing a heartfelt caption about the Oscar-winning actor. He said: "Clearly there is love and laughter in this image. What you don’t see, however, is the character you will be introduced to in Fast10. You have no idea how timeless and amazing she will be in our mythology. Beyond her beauty, her intellect… her Oscar, haha is this profound soul who will add something you might not have expected but yearned for. Welcome to the FAMILY Brie." Fast X is due to hit cinemas on May 19, 2023.