Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda, is great for cleaning thanks to its alkaline properties that can bust through build-ups of grease and grime. As well as cleaning certain surfaces, the leaving agent can also be used to get rid of stubborn stains on clothing articles. According to Reddit user GlitterMuffin7, adding a "spoonful of bicarbonate of soda" to a load of washing not only left her clothes "clean" but also improved the smell and softness of garments. The user explained: "I used a spoonful of bicarbonate of soda to wash a load of clothes in my washing machine a couple of weeks ago - had run out of washing liquid and powder, it was just before payday in a super tight month so couldn't afford to buy more, and needed some clean work clothes so in desperation I googled to find out what else I might have in the house that I could use. "My clothes came out clean, smelling nice and were nice and soft too." Experts from The Spruce backed up the Reddit user's claims, pointing out that baking soda has multiple uses when it comes to laundry. READ MORE: Grass care: How to get rid of moss from your lawn using baking soda They say the white powder can fight laundry odours, boost bleach and detergent performance, act as a natural fabric softener and even control suds in your machine. The Spruce states: "Safe to use in both standard and high-efficiency washers, baking soda is one of the top two best products, along with distilled white vinegar, for making your laundry greener by reducing your dependence on harsh chemicals." Baking soda can also be applied to your wash to boost performance or applied directly to stubborn stains to act as a pre-wash stain remover. DON'T MISSHow to clean greasy ovens for ‘25p in less than 30 minutes’ [COMMENT]Baking soda 'hack' to clean stained Tupperware [EXPLAINER]Mrs Hinch fans share ‘easy’ hack to get rid of spiders - ‘repels them’ [INSIGHT] According to The Spruce, adding half a cup of baking soda into a wash can help to boost the performance of bleach. They explain: "Adding half a cup of baking soda for each half cup of bleach (being sure to add the bleach at the proper time) will help regulate the pH level in the water so bleach will work more effectively to reduce bacteria and loosen the soil. "If you're not using chlorine bleach, that half cup of baking soda will boost the performance of your detergent. "This is especially important if you have hard water or use a value detergent." Dry baking soda should be added to your empty washing machine before you put your clothes into the drum. Baking soda should not be added to your washer's automatic dispensers. Baking soda can also be mixed into a stain removing paste with water. Mix one part baking soda, one part hydrogen peroxide, and one part water. Then, rub the mixture onto the affected area using a sponge or an old toothbrush. Allow the solution to sit on the stain for up to 30 minutes. Then, wash your clothing as usual with detergent.