Jenny (played by Sally Ann Matthews) has sat back and watched her stepdaughter Daisy (Charlotte Jordan) cause a whole lot of mischief since she arrived on Coronation Street back in 2020. This has included the young minx creating a divide between her stepmother and her late husband, Johnny Connor (Richard Hawley), and also getting involved with a pyramid scheme business which saw her try to con people out of their money. However, the Rovers Return landlady might think enough is enough and want to put a stop to Daisy's reckless behaviour once and for all, but it could come at a huge cost for Nicky Wheatley (Kimberley Hart Simpson) in upcoming scenes on the ITV soap. The drama begins in next week's episodes as Daisy is becoming increasingly fed up with her boyfriend Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) spending so much time with Nicky. With headteacher Orla Crawshaw (Carla Mendonça) suffering with some personal matters, Daniel agreed he would take charge of the school trip to Edinburgh. Having secured a role as a teaching assistant at the school, Nicky has agreed to help with the plans and wanting to get an insight into what they're up to, Daisy arrives to give them both a packed lunch. Orla stops Jenny's stepdaughter before she can get to her boyfriend and she is shocked when the headteacher informs her Nicky is his girlfriend. As her paranoia takes over, the troublemaker tells her stepmother she is going to find the former sex worker a new man to keep her occupied. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage This plan comes into action on the same day as Nicky starts her new job officially and Daisy suggests to Daniel they go for a drink after work. Under the guise of wanting to get to know Nicky a little better, the barmaid actually wants it to be the first date for her love rival. Having made contact with her ex-boyfriend, Ashley Hardcastle (Lamin Touray), the minx arranges for the footballer to whisk the former sex worker off her feet. However, it appears the pair already know each other as Ashley recognises Nicky, who soon makes an excuse to leave. When Daisy wants answers, Ashley tells her he knew his potential new love interest when she was a sex worker, a piece of information Jenny's stepdaughter had no idea about. Wanting to know why her boyfriend kept this from her, Daisy confronts Daniel and he is sure to be left in a quandary. Also wanting some answers from Nicky, the barmaid confronts her, too, but she is stunned when the former sex worker explains she has no romantic interest in Daniel whatsoever. Still not happy with the situation, though, Daisy asks her boyfriend to avoid spending so much time with her love rival. Daisy is once again left furious when she sees Nicky and Daniel having a drink together and it seems she wants revenge. The next day, Orla calls Nicky into her office and demands to know more about the former sex worker's past. DON'T MISS...Rula Lenska health: Star, 74, on the 'difficulty' of hearing loss [ANALYSIS]Michelle Collins, 59, engaged to toyboy beau, 38, after 10 years [COMMENT]Corrie’s Beverley Callard begged Ricky Gervais for role in After Life [COMMENT] Knowing she needs to be honest, Nicky confirms she was in the sex industry for a time and unfortunately, Orla takes action after the confession. With images and videos circulating of Nicky's time as a sex worker, the headteacher suspends her from her new role at the school. Furious as he believes he knows who is behind this cruel act, Daniel blames Daisy and assumes she is responsible. Clearly shaken, the barmaid tells her stepmother, Jenny, she had nothing to do with circulating the content of her love rival. However, Jenny might know exactly what her stepdaughter is talking about as she could have been the one who leaked the images. For months, Jenny could have been sitting back and planning her revenge on Daisy, who she blames for causing the split between her and Johnny. With her late husband having died, the landlady could have been biding her time to strike at the right moment and make her stepdaughter feel the same pain she did. Seeing an opportunity to drive a wedge between Daisy and Daniel, Jenny could have made the decision she was going to use Nicky as collateral damage. The owner of the pub will need to keep suspicion at bay if she did do it as she won't want the troublemaker to discover it was her. Secrets don't stay harboured for long on the cobbles so how will Daisy react when she discovers her stepmother framed her? The actress who plays Daisy, Charlotte, has spoken to Express.co.uk and other media about what it is like to work with the actress who plays Jenny, Sally. Asked if she enjoyed working with her co-star, Charlotte explained: "Of course I do. She’s a Queen. "I think that me feeling so comfortable on the street so early on was maybe down to Sally. She was really welcoming. "She really took me under her wing. Yes, I think she's a legend," the soap star commented so could she be getting some more screen time with her in the not-so-distant future? And will Daisy get payback if she discovers Jenny was the one who framed her? Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.