Manchester United players including Cristiano Ronaldo were all smiles in training after it emerged Erik ten Hag had agreed to take over at Old Trafford. The Ajax boss is poised to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. Yet though it’s been an underwhelming campaign for the Red Devils, members of the squad still seem to be in good spirits. On Tuesday night, news broke that Ten Hag had verbally agreed to become United’s next manager. And players training on Wednesday seemed to be delighted with the news as they were put through their paces by Rangnick at Carrington. Ronaldo had a big smile in his face as the veteran got to work, despite the Portugal international being in the spotlight after allegedly breaking a young supporter’s phone in their 1-0 defeat to Everton on Saturday. Rangnick also seemed to be in a good mood as the German oversaw the session. Nemanja Matic appeared to be enjoying himself as he worked on his witness alongside Anthony Elanga and Victor Lindelof. Jesse Lingard, Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Eric Bailly, though, all had tense expressions as they looked to build up their fitness. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz United won’t be officially announcing Ten Hag just yet out of respect for Ajax, who have two trophies to play for. That includes the Dutch Cup final this weekend, where they’ll lock horns with PSV Eindhoven. But it’s only a matter of time before the former Bayern Munich coach rocks up at Old Trafford charged with the task of bringing the glory days back. When that happens, several players could leave Old Trafford. While Paul Pogba has an offer of a new contract on the table, the France international is still expected to depart for a new challenge elsewhere. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Paris Saint-Germain seem to be the frontrunners when it comes to snapping him up, while Real Madrid and Juventus have been linked as well. United are also bracing themselves for Edinson Cavani and Jesse Lingard to leave for nothing, too. And question marks are hanging over the long-term futures of Anthony Martial, Marcus Rashford, Eric Bailly and Dean Henderson as well. Ten Hag will also look to bring players in, however. Ajax duo Antony and Jurrien Timber will be on his radar, with United needing a new forward and centre-back respectively. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Harry Kane and Declan Rice are targets for the Red Devils hierarchy, even if Tottenham and West Ham will demand big money to let them go. Meanwhile, ahead of Ten Hag’s move to England, Rio Ferdinand has reacted to the news. And he’s named four candidates he thinks should be under consideration to become the 52-year-old’s No 2. "He’ll be having conversations," the former centre-back explained. "He’ll be speaking to people like Rene (Meulensteen), Robin van Persie, Jaap Stam and Edwin van der Sar about what it is like at Manchester United. "I know the people who are there right now are working diligently to get a structure in place for the new manager and have a real good go at getting the right talent. “It’s about that conversation with Ten Hag and the people that run the club on how the recruitment is done. "The key conversation is who is that driven by? "Is it the manager who’s incoming or the recruitment staff, saying ‘this is the player, this is the DNA’. "These are the conversations I’m sure are happening."