Sports and news presenter Dan Walker has been a popular fixture on BBC Breakfast for six years - and most followers were alerted to the news that he would be leaving when he announced it yesterday. However, it has now emerged that former BBC star Dr Sian Williams had offered her congratulations to Dan before the news had spread. "Dan Walker, welcome to your new home!" Sian had announced in the TV studio, ahead of her exit from 5 News. "I know what it's like to move from the BBC Breakfast sofa to the Channel 5 news show," she continued. "I absolutely loved it - and I think you will too!" She punctuated her point by smilingly telling the 45-year-old to "have fun". READ NOW: Kelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home In an accompanying caption to the video she posted on Twitter from Channel 5 the previous day, Sian added a little extra context for her 78,100 followers. "In bad quality, recorded on a rubbish phone, before word got out…" she admitted. She then repeated her message of congratulations with the call to action: "Over to you…x." Dan quickly saw her shout-out and replied appreciatively: "Thanks Doc!" Sian has the title 'Dr' attached to her name because, besides her journalism and presenting work on TV, she is also a chartered psychologist. She decided to leave BBC Breakfast ten years ago - and it now looks like she's all set for Dan to step into her shoes as the ex-BBC journalist on Channel 5 News. Addressing her decision to leave 5 News on her Twitter account last week - but not revealing at that time that Dan would be joining the team after she left - she shared a card given to her by her son. It read: "The ship is safest in the harbour, but that is not where it is meant to be." DON'T MISS... Midsomer Murders' Fiona Dolman says she saw a new side to Neil Dudgeon [INSIGHT] Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow’s decade-long ‘feud’ recapped [DEBATE] Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress [LATEST]  "It’s my last week hosting @5_News and I’m getting ready to set sail again," she announced. Meanwhile, for his part, Dan name-checked her in a video post on his own Twitter account. "What a challenge to try and step into the shoes of Sian Williams, who I know is so popular with not only the team there, but also the audience," he exclaimed to over 753,000 followers. "All I can say," the ex-Strictly star added, placing his hand on his heart, "is that I will try my best to maintain her incredibly high standards". Dan added as explanation for his move: "Channel 5 came along with big ambitions, big plans - and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often in TV. "I should also say hopefully it's not goodbye to the BBC. "I've had the privilege of working with some incredible people on iconic programmes over the years, shows like Football Focus, like Match Of The Day, quiz shows, World Cups, Olympic Games - shows I could only dream of being involved in when I was a kid. "Hopefully this won't close the door on that, but also can't wait to make some big programmes for Channel 5."