While the Government’s announcement last October to make the prescription medication cheaper and more readily available was welcomed as levelling up health inequalities, it has not implemented the infrastructure to cope with the higher demand. Despite the new policy having not yet been put in place, the greater awareness has sparked a surge in requests for prescriptions while supply has not been able to keep up. One pharmacy representative said manufacturers were also reporting shortages of raw materials used to make drugs, including hormone replacement therapy (HRT), from places such as the far East. A representative of British generic medicine manufacturers revealed to Express.co.uk the Government had, in fact, made it harder for HRT to be produced here, by increasing a levy on the medicine. They said the issue was one of “utmost seriousness” and one they were “doing everything possible to resolve”. The shortages mean those suffering from severe symptoms have been unable to access HRT at times, something which the Government last week recognised but downplayed in Parliament. READ MORE: Why is HRT in short supply - treatment is 'as important as insulin' Healthcare workers have expressed alarm at reports that women were resorting to trading prescriptions and buying off the black market, raising safety concerns. In October, the Health Secretary announced that as part of the Government’s Women’s Health Strategy it would be cutting the cost of HRT prescriptions for women in England. Prescriptions for adults in all other UK nations are free. Mr Javid also pledged he would be “improving patient access” to the treatment, and in March announced he had established the Menopause Taskforce, with the Government “committed to reducing the cost of HRT”. On Sunday, he announced he would be appointing a HRT tsar. However, when HRT prescriptions will be “significantly reduced” has yet to be announced. The Government made a call for evidence earlier this month, which ends in June, and Mr Javid has previously stated that the strategy would be published this year. In the meantime, pharmacists have seen a surge of requests for HRT prescriptions, which appears linked to the greater awareness of the drug spurred on by the Government’s announcements. Martin Sawer, executive director of the UK’s Healthcare Distribution Association, which represents the British medicines supply chain, told Express.co.uk the Government had created a “perfect storm” of “Government changing guidance and building expectations”.  He added that this “creates a new surge in demand which manufacturers cannot yet meet due to necessary lead-in times”. Meanwhile, Leyla Hannbeck, chief executive of the Association of Independent Multiple pharmacies (AIMp), said: “The fact that there is high demand has exacerbated the supply chain.” In the House of Commons last week, leader of the house Mark Spencer acknowledged that the Department of Health was “aware of the supply issues”. He added: “However, most HRT products, including alternatives to those experiencing supply issues, are available. The Government is working closely with suppliers and stakeholders to resolve these issues.”  DON'T MISS: Russia sends remarkable threat to West - ‘War means war’ [REPORT] Switzerland sparks fury after REJECTING bid to send ammo to Ukraine [INSIGHT] 'Grovelling' Macron accused of 'shining Putin's boots' - 'Pathetic' [REACTION] On Tuesday, Claire Anderson, president of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society, called on Mr Javid to allow pharmacists to change HRT prescriptions for alternative lines without having to go back to the GP. However, Dr Hannbeck said that moving patients to alternate lines of HRT was causing a “vicious cycle” of shortages, as supplies of individual lines are drained before patients are moved onto another. She explained: “Some people get really bad symptoms, so […] they rely on the HRT to manage the day to day. With the HRT not being there, those symptoms come back and so it’s important that there is a steady supply of this, which is why we ask the doctors to switch [them] to something else.” Mark Samuels, chief executive of the British Generic Manufacturers Association (BGMA), described the HRT shortage as a “complex issue” involving several factors.   He explained: “For many years, the use of HRT medicines fell due to concerns about side effects, which led to reduced manufacturing. Clinical evidence and public awareness campaigns have led more women to seek treatment. “But nobody considered whether generic medicine manufacturers could increase production. Manufacturing these generic medicines is complex, and their supply chains can't be switched on overnight. “We have a perfect supply chain storm – a surge in demand while the generic medicines sector is battling rising costs, regulatory delays and a broken pricing scheme. “Crucially, the Government has disincentivised companies from making these medicines by increasing the levy it imposes on them. This levy calls into question the financial viability of these branded generic products, reducing the number of companies who can manufacture them.” Mr Samuels added: “We recognise the utmost seriousness of this situation, and manufacturers are doing everything possible to resolve it.” Dr Hannbeck said manufacturers “are telling us about a shortage of raw materials generally, as well”, which was having an impact on “quite a lot of drugs”.  Following reports that some women were trading their prescriptions or seeking HRT on the black market, Dr Hannbeck expressed her concerns about the practice. She said: “The worry that we have about that is that [when] people go to the black market, a lot of the time the drugs are not safe because they are not regulated. “We worry that patients may come to harm by going to unregulated places to obtain the medications. Our policy is definitely that people need to go to their pharmacy to obtain the products.” She called on the Government to conduct “better planning” with suppliers and manufacturers to “make sure that they are anticipating demand going up and can prepare for it”. The Department of Health was contacted for comment. 