Chris Sutton has claimed that Jesse Lingard's cameo in the north west derby between Manchester United and Liverpool on Tuesday evening sums up the Red Devils' season, with the England star berated for wearing gloves as United sank to a 4-0 defeat on Merseyside.  Goals from Mohamed Salah twice, Luis Diaz and Sadio Mane handed Ralf Rangnick's men their third loss in just six Premier League games, whilst Liverpool romped to their ninth win in 10 league matches to widen the gulf between the two to 22 points. There is a serious problem at United, with the Red Devils' lack of commitment, discipline and adventurousness being the main reasons for their paltry result at Anfield. They enjoyed just 28 percent possession, two shots and two corners - a tally that a non-league side would fail to be proud of. Lingard and Marcus Rashford especially struggled to make any impact on the Liverpool defence, with the former coming on for Paul Pogba with just ten minutes on the clock. And with Lingard's decision to wear gloves, BT pundit Chris Sutton claims that the Warrington-born star's clothing choice is a telling indictment of United's current state. "Jesse Lingard wearing gloves on April 19 maybe sums up Manchester United this season," Sutton wrote on Twitter. READ MORE: Three players Arsenal can sign to fix issue Ian Wright has picked out  The humiliating defeat brought about criticism from various pundits and fans after United fell to a 9-0 aggregate loss to Jurgen Klopp's men in the Premier League this season. And Roy Keane further berated Lingard, describing him as 'not good enough' for United. "Lingard coming on to try and save Man Utd," the United icon said on Sky. "Lingard should have left two years ago - he's not good enough. "[Marcus] Rashford up front, he played like a child." The result leaves United in sixth-place in the Premier League, three points behind Tottenham in the race for the top four. DON'T MISS  Antonio Conte's men have a game in hand on United and, despite a blip against Brighton at the weekend, are expected to be the favourites for the final Champions League spot. United have just five games left to save their season, although that could become an even harder task should they lose to Arsenal at the weekend. Ralf Rangnick's men could still come eighth, given that Wolves and West Ham lie within close proximity of them. However, if European football is not attained, the German will not be looked at favourably by United fans. 