Andy Murray has spoken out again on the war in Ukraine in light of a heartbreaking photo which highlights the scale of the crisis. The three-time Grand Slam winner has already pledged to donate all of his prize money for the remainder of the 2022 season to help Ukrainian children. Russian President Vladimir Putin has faced fierce international backlash since launching a military assault on Ukraine in late February. More than 10 million people are believed to have fled their homes as the death toll continues to rise, which is estimated to be around 15,000. Another heartbreaking photo surfaced on social media which shows a young Ukrainian child with family contact details written on their back in case their parents die and they survive. Murray retweeted the picture with the caption: "Please make this stop." JUST IN: ATP issue strong warning to tennis stars after Nick Kyrgios and Alexander Zverev outbursts   Photos and videos of atrocities around the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, led President Volodymyr Zelensky to accuse Russia of genocide. US President Joe Biden has since called for a war crimes trial against Putin. As well as his pledge to donate his prize money, Murray has also partnered with humanitarian aid organization UNICEF to help provide medical supplies and developmental kits. "Over 7.5m children are at risk with the escalating conflict in Ukraine, so I'm working with UNICEF UK to help provide urgent medical supplies and early childhood development kits," he said, "It's vital education continues, so UNICEF is working to enable access to learning for displaced children, as well as supporting the rehabilitation of damaged schools, together with replacement equipment and furniture. "I'm going to be donating my earnings from my prize money for the rest of the year, but anyone in the UK can support UNICEF's humanitarian response by donating to our appeal. Children in Ukraine need peace -- now." On the court, Murray reunited with former coach Ivan Lendl last month after a disappointing Australian Open campaign which saw him crash out in the second round. He decided, one month prior, to sit out the French Open and the clay court season to remain fresh for his efforts on grass later in the year. The Brit's home tournament, Wimbledon, is scheduled to start on June 27. Two of his three Grand Slam victories came at SW19 with triumphs in 2013 and 2016.