Each star sign in the zodiac has different qualities, needs, and desires when it comes to finding love and being in love. Virgo, the sixth sign in the zodiac, is represented by the Virgin. Although some of Virgo’s personality traits are well-known, such as their tendency towards perfectionism, their ways of showing love towards others are lesser known. The Virgin sign finds it hard to find love as Virgos don’t always trust people, but when they do like someone, they give it their all. Horoscope.com said: “Once Virgos give their heart, they give everything. “They expect absolute honesty and give the same in return. A Virgo truly believes that partnership means ‘what’s mine is yours’, and this sign elevates a partnership above all else. “Because Virgos believe in lifelong love, a break-up or betrayal can be particularly devastating.” READ MORE: Boots announces change to Advantage Card points The month is not over yet, and astrology experts have predicted what’s in store for Virgos. According to astrologists, the end of the month is the perfect time for Virgos to act on their fantasies. Horoscope.com said: “Mentally active Mercury leaves smart Aquarius for Pisces, the dreamer of the zodiac, on March 27, giving you permission to let your imagination soar. “You know those fantastical romantic scenarios you think about when no one else is around? Let those fantasies be your focus now.” DON'T MISS: Weight loss: Apple cider vinegar can ‘improve metabolism’ [STUDIES]Reason why Camilla touches her hat 'Wants to be seen as normal' [EXCLUSIVE]Meghan Markle altered eternity ring from Prince Harry [STYLE] As for today, April 6, astrologists have urged Virgos to “try a more experimental approach to you love life”. Horoscope.com continued: “The current planetary position indicates that if you have been working with the traditional way of dating, and have discovered this to be sadly lacking, you will need to come up with something completely new and untested. “The more original, radical, and enthusiastic you are about your plan, the better chance it has of succeeding.” As for the rest of the week, now is Virgo’s opportunity to be “vulnerable”, according to astrologists. Horoscope.com said: “Finding someone you trust enough to open up to might be difficult during this idealistic transit, but keeping a positive attitude will prevent reality from totally dashing your hopes. “The middle of the week delivers a supportive Mercury-Saturn sextile that can help keep you motivated and on track when it comes to getting or keeping in touch with people you want to learn more about.” The astrologists advised: “Don’t give up after the first text or DM doesn’t get a response. “Your tenacity and determination will be rewarded in communication matters during this aspect. “Over the weekend, your quick-thinking leader Mercury sticks with aggressive Aries for the last days of their partnership, which could change the course of some of your current conversations. “While the quantity of messages you exchange might increase, the quality doesn’t. “And that’s probably not a great trade-off.” Looking ahead, astrologists have predicted that Virgos will get the chance to “move into major flirt mode” at the end of the month. Horoscope.com recommended: “Talk to as many people as you want to now. You aren’t obligated to anyone.”