Former English goalkeeper Peter Shilton, journalist Ella Whelan and comedian Jim Davidson joined Dan Wootton on his Thursday GB News show to discuss whether Northern Ireland women’s manager Kenny Shiels should be criticised for saying “women are more emotional than men”. However, Jim used the debate to make a joke which was shot down by Ella. Kenny made the comment on Tuesday after his team were beaten 5-0 by England. He said: “In the women's game ... when a team concedes a goal they concede a second within a very short period of time. Right through the women's game, because girls and women are more emotional than men, so they take a goal going in not very well.” He later apologised on Wednesday after a meeting with the Irish FA. Comedian Jim revealed why he thought Kenny shouldn’t have had to apologise. Read more: GB News host slams 'idiot' Dan Stevens Boris dig on The One Show Jim remarked: “It’s all about this cancel culture, he said what he thought his opinion, it turns out the girls have spoken about emotional problems and mental problems on the pitch so he’s said something that’s upset someone that’s a bit woke and they’ve said, ‘You better go and apologise.’” He continued: “This is woke creeping in everywhere, we don’t need it, let them girls get on. “They’ve just been hammered 5-0 they need to get back and I love women’s football. “Talking of emotion, when someone scores a goal, doesn’t happen much down the valley but these guys run around like headless chickens and they whip their shirt off. “Well, I’m looking forward to seeing that in women’s football to tell you the truth.” “I know I had to stoop that low, sorry,” Jim added as Dan hurts out laughing. Ella hit back: “If I can just make one thing clear, the reason why people were a bit p****d off about what he said was not because he said women were emotional it’s because he said women weren’t able to control their emotions in the game and that is a problem. “You can see why women might be a bit ticked off when my fellow panellists have joked about women lifting their tops in the game which isn’t very funny. DON'T MISSAdil Ray blasted by GMB fans over 'car crash' refugee row with Tory MP [INSIGHT]'Can't stand to look!' Meghan and Harry blasted over security row [INTERVIEW]‘You're brainwashed!' Dan Wootton slams XR protestor over UK emissions [VIDEO] “And I’ve been introduced as a girl, not a woman so there are problems existing in society.” Reacting to Ella’s comments, Jim threw his pencil at the screen as he said: “Oh, here we go.” Elsewhere in the debate, Ella was asked by the host if she thought the Northern Ireland manager needed to resign. She explained: “No, I think most of the time these apologies that are forced aren’t worth very much at all and we’ve got an obsession with trying to squeeze apologies out of people. “It was unfortunate he made these comments perhaps for him in the same week we saw Ronaldo slapping phones out of the hands of teenagers talk about emotion run wild.” “That was bad,” Dan agreed as Ella continued: “And we saw in some of the penalty finals in the World Cup in relation to the England team how emotion and nerves and all the natural stuff in a game might get on top of you. “He says he knows the stats on this I bow to his expertise I’m nothing of a football expert but I think it’s important to state that there is a bit of a problem with suggesting women are more emotional than men. “On an individual case-by-case basis it might be true but the reason there is this stereotype that women are more emotional than men, and by the way, it’s not just Kenny Shiels it’s also lots of feminists buy into this narrative by suggesting that women leaders are better naturally than men because we’re more caring, we’re nicer… “And the reason that stereotype exists is because women are expected to the emotional caring roles in society.” GB News kicks off with Breakfast with Eamonn & Isabel at 6am.