The Duchess of Cambridge bobbed into a curtsy as the Queen arrived at the event in honour of the Duke of Edinburgh at Westminster Abbey earlier this week. A clip of the sweet moment was shared on Twitter sparking praise from royal watchers. Twitter user Stephen James, who posted the video, said: "The Duchess of Cambridge curtsies as the Queen walks past. "Maintaining standards even when Her Majesty can’t see it. "Utter Class. She gets the brief." Another Twitter user with the handle @Canellelabelle replied: "Catherine is simply the ultimate royal standard. Class and elegance through and through." A third person, @bronnycee, commented: "Catherine knows how things are done." Another Twitter user @lurchtwo said: "This captured, for me, a very moving moment. Respect to the glorious Queen." A fifth, @MrsPaulB, added: "I just can’t help but think of how much the Queen Mother would’ve respected & adored her. "It is obvious that she takes her responsibilities very seriously." READ MORE: Kate is 'real deal' and 'would have Queen Mother's seal of approval'  Another person, Paul Jackson, wrote: "Class move." One more Twitter user, Georgina White, added: "Pure class." Kate and Prince William took their two eldest children Prince George and Princess Charlotte to the memorial service for Philip on Monday. The Duchess looked typically elegant in a black and white polka dot dress with a hat in the same colours. DON'T MISSKate Middleton finds royal tours a real ‘wrench’ [INSIGHT]Sophie Wessex hailed as Kate Middleton's 'mentor' [ANALYSIS]Prince William happy for Kate to be 'royal star' - unlike his parents [VIDEO] William introduced his eight-year-old son to Westminster Abbey's chapter, or governing body, lined up close to the great West Door. After the Duke of Cambridge shook hands with the clergy the young royal, looking slightly nervous, did the same. Kate followed with Charlotte, six, putting a hand on her back and ushering her smiling daughter forward as she was introduced. Charlotte also looked a little apprehensive and at the end clutched her mother's hand as they were led to their seats. The Cambridges had already taken their places at the event when the Queen arrived. The 95-year-old monarch was escorted by Prince Andrew to her front row seat. The frail Queen was determined to attend the memorial service despite her recent mobility issues.