Queen Elizabeth II celebrates her 96th birthday today. Britain’s longest-reigning monarch travelled by helicopter to Sandringham on Wednesday, where she will be joined by her family and friends. Her Majesty is expected to stay in a cottage on the estate particularly liked by her late husband, Prince Philip. The Queen will be spending the occasion at Wood Farm — a royal residence with a poignant nod to the Duke of Edinburgh, who made the farmhouse his home following his retirement from royal duties. Before his retirement in 2017 aged 96 — the same age as the Queen is now — Philip was Britain's longest-serving royal consort, supporting the Queen for 70 years, having left his military career behind once Her Majesty ascended the throne. The royal couple showed dedication to their roles within the Royal Family, a similarity that Vanity Fair’s Erin Vanderhoof claims bound them to one another. Ms Vanderhoof told the first episode of Vanity Fair’s Dynasty podcast: “Their [the Queen and Philip] undying commitment to one another and their duty is what binded them.” On their 50th wedding anniversary in 1997, the Queen described Philip as her “strength and stay”. Speaking at a lunch at Banqueting House in London, she said: “He [Philip] is someone who doesn't take easily to compliments but he has, quite simply, been my strength and stay all these years, and I, and his whole family, and this and many other countries, owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim, or we shall ever know.” Sally Bedell Smith, a royal historian, told the podcast about a letter written to the Queen by her mother about her relationship with Philip. Ms Smith said: “There was a letter that the Queen Mother wrote to her Lilibet when she was on her honeymoon. “She said: ‘I’m so happy that you have a marriage of the head and the heart.” The Queen and Philip’s marriage endured 73 years, making them the longest-married couple in the history of British royalty. Together, they had four children and welcomed grandchildren and great-grandchildren. In April last year, Her Majesty announced the death of her beloved husband. The Royal Family shared the news on Instagram, saying, “His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle.” Philip was 99 years old and was just a few months shy of his 100th birthday in June. On her 95th birthday, just a few weeks after the death of the Duke, the Queen said in a statement: “I have, on the occasion of my 95th birthday today, received many messages of good wishes, which I very much appreciate. “While as a family we are in a period of great sadness, it has been a comfort to us all to see and hear the tributes paid to my husband, from those within the United Kingdom, the Commonwealth and around the world. “My family and I would like to thank you all for the support and kindness shown to us in recent days. “We have been deeply touched, and continue to be reminded that Philip had such an extraordinary impact on countless people throughout his life.” In the years before Philip’s death, the couple were forced to shield in Windsor Castle due to the coronavirus pandemic. Writing in the Evening Standard, royal author Robert Jobson said that this proved to be a “blessing as the couple were able to spend more time together, giving her what aides described as a ‘new lease on life’ in lockdown.” The monarch has since relocated to Windsor — the backdrop of her final years with Philip — and is believed to be living a simpler life away from the constrictions of royal protocol. Today, she will mark her birthday at Wood Farm, which has been described as one of the most ‘normal’ houses owned by the Royal Family. It has been reported the cottage holds a special place in her heart and the Queen treasures the private time she spent with Philip before his sad death. Wood Farm is tucked away from public view and provides a secluded escape for royals. Mr Jobson told the Mirror in January that the isolated retreat acted as a “bolthole” for the Queen and Philip. He said: "The Grade II-listed Wood Farm, located on a secluded part of the Queen’s Sandringham Estate looking out to sea, has long been a bolthole for the Queen and her late husband Prince Philip. "It is where the Queen, Philip and their four children went to relax for more than 50 years. “And, of course, it is where Philip made his retirement home in his twilight years with the Queen’s blessing. “The Queen was known to cook and even do dishes while she was staying there." Mr Jobson added that it is now the place that the monarch goes to for a “bit of privacy and reflection”.