Prince Charles has seen a rise in favourability over the past few years, the new analysis has shown. And almost half of those polled believe he would do a good job as King. But despite this encouraging data for the future King, there is still a large group of people who would prefer the heir to the throne to step aside in favour of Prince William and allow him to become the next sovereign after the end of the Queen's reign, the analysis shows. Out of the 2,055 Britons aged between 16 to 75 polled online from March 24 to March 25, 42 percent want to see the Duke of Cambridge be crowned King next rather than his father. Only 24 percent of those surveyed said Prince Charles should not stand aside for William, while 29 percent have no strong feelings either way. The Queen's firstborn was created Prince of Wales on July 26, 1958, some six years after he became the heir apparent. Follow the latest updates on the Royal Family here In July 1969, Her Majesty led the investiture ceremony in Wales during which Charles was officially crowned Prince of Wales. Prince Charles has seen an encouraging rise in favourability among Britons since 2018, according to a comparison between the most recent Ipsos poll on the royals and a similar one carried out four years ago. The Prince of Wales would do a good job as Britain's head of state according to 48 percent. READ MORE: Beatrice's 'risky gesture' to Andrew and Queen Only 19 percent said they expect him to perform a bad job, while 27 percent didn't have a strong view on this. The older generations appear to be keener on thinking Charles would be a good King. Among the people aged between 55 to 75, 59 percent said he would do a good job as sovereign, while only 16 percent spoke against it. Charles performed well also among those aged between 35 to 54, with 49 percent of the people in this age group thinking he would do a good job against 18 percent believing he would not be a good King. When analysing the thoughts on Charles as King among Gen Z and Millennials - people aged between 16 to 34 - it emerged 38 percent said he would be a good sovereign against 22 percent who think he would perform badly. The Ipsos study also showed that those who voted for the Conservative Party in 2019 are also more likely to be hopeful when it comes to how Charles would perform in the role of King than Labour voters. Of those who described themselves as Tory voters in the last general election, 66 percent said he will be a good King, compared with 42 percent of Labour voters looking favourably at his future reign. The Ipsos poll also showed Prince Charles's favourability has grown since 2018. When comparing data taken from an Ipsos Global Advisor poll of 1,000 British people aged from 16 to 64 in 2018 to the latest Ipsos survey, Prince Charles gained 11 percentage points. 43 percent of the people who spoke in the survey about their views of the royals last month said to have a favourable opinion of the Prince of Wales. On the other hand, 25 percent said they had an unfavourable view of him. Prince Charles isn't the only member of the Royal Family to have made a gain in favourability over the past few years. The Queen, Prince William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, all performed better in this latest survey than four years ago. Prince William is seen in a favourable light by 64 percent of the people polled, while 13 percent said to have an unfavourable view of him. The Duke of Cambridge's favourability rating was second only to the Queen's, who is seen favourably by 69 percent of the people polled. Only 12 percent said to have an unfavourable impression of the sovereign.