Arsenal’s summer rebuild could hit a setback if they miss out on landing Paris Saint-Germain ace Leandro Paredes. The midfielder, who has one more year remaining on his deal in France, is apparently attracting interest from Italian giants Inter Milan. Arsenal are desperately trying to secure a top-four Premier League finish after enjoying a much-improved campaign following a difficult start. With seven games of the season remaining, Mikel Arteta’s side are three points behind Tottenham in the Premier League table but have a game in hand over their north London rivals. Arsenal are in desperate need of a striker and they are widely expected to bolster their squad in the summer. But the Gunners are also targeting a midfielder and reportedly have their eye on Parades. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, PSG are willing to allow the 27-year-old to depart at the end of the season. But Inter are now keen on him as they are looking for cover for Marcelo Brozovic. The Parisians have slapped a £12million price tag on the player - and that could present a perfect buying opportunity for his suitors. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles  Paredes has endured a stop-start career at PSG after joining the club from Zenit St Petersburg in 2019. And he could be ready to call time on his career in France and embark on a new challenge. But the star has already reportedly turned down a move to the Premier League. According to The Athletic, he rejected a move to Tottenham in January. And his Spurs rebuff would give Arsenal fans another reason to love him if he did wind up at the Emirates Stadium. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds     Arsenal were bottom of the table at the end of August after they lost their first three matches of the season. But they enjoyed a fine run of form in the autumn as they went on an eight-game unbeaten run. And they put themselves in prime position to secure Champions League football next season after winning five top flight games on the bounce in February and March. But Arteta’s team have lost three of their last four Premier League matches and appear to be losing form at the worst possible time. And their run-in looks to be incredibly tricky indeed. After travelling to Southampton on Saturday, the Gunners face Chelsea, Manchester United and West Ham before travelling to Tottenham during the penultimate week of the campaign. And they will need to finish well if they are to have any chance of persuading Paredes to opt for London over Milan. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 