Marvel’s latest miniseries on Disney Plus is one of the comic book universe’s darkest entries yet. Oscar Isaac stars as Steven Grant, a London gift shop worker who discovers he has an alternate persona who happens to be possessed by the Egyptian god, Konshu. Fans have loved Steven’s mind-boggling journey, but many were taken aback when his second personality, Marc Spector, seemingly let out the MCU’s most explicit use of bad language so far. Marc seemingly told his alternate personality Steven to "shut the f**k up" in the latest episode of Moon Knight. After letting Marc take control of their shared body, Steven is left trapped in his subconscious and demands to be let out. However, Marc isn’t keen to relinquish control to his alter-ego just yet and smashes the nearby mirror in an attempt to get him out of his head. As the credits rolled on another episode, many viewers took to Twitter to debate whether or not Oscar actually swore during the intense encounter. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry Marvel fan Martin asked: “Did today's Moon Knight have the MCU's first proper (albeit obscured) F-bomb?” Penny was more certain, adding: “Still can’t believe Moon Knight gave us the MCU’s first uncensored F-bomb.” And Mr Hernandy said: “It’s honestly fitting that the MCU’s first F-bomb is from Moon Knight.” The brief yet impactful moment between Marc and Steven certainly came as a surprise as the Marvel series usually keeps its language slightly more family-friendly. Although the franchise’s heroes and villains will slip in the occasional expletive, this would be the first time a character has said "f**k" without the dialogue being obscured. Most Marvel projects adhere to a 12A rating - or PG-13 in the States - which allows for one or two uses of the word depending on its context. While characters such as Spider-Man (Tom Holland) and Nick Fury (Samuel L Jackson) have almost used the word, their dialogue is cut off before they get a chance to finish the line. Fox’s X-Men films and other series based on Marvel characters have used the expletive in the past, and it has also popped up in the studio’s Netflix shows. DON'T MISS:Reacher star Alan Ritchson on differences to original Tom Cruise film [INTERVIEW]Better Call Saul season 6 theory: Gene to free Kim from prison [SPOILERS]The Rookie fans ‘distraught’ as Lucy relives harrowing kidnapping [REACTION] However, Moon Knight is apparently the first time a series confirmed to be canon in the MCU has let a character use such harsh language. Despite the overwhelming reaction on social media, there are other viewers who weren’t so sure the F-word was actually used. Plus, turning on Disney+’s closed captions seems to confirm Marc simply says "shut up! Shut up!" during his clash with Steven. Twitter user Jaym asked “Hey I see people saying #moonknight dropped an F-bomb on the mirror kicking scene but mine does not say that. Is mine censored?” Though they later added: “I saw a version of it on YouTube and it clearly says stfu, wish Disney was not such a wuss and made it clear.” And Pat insisted: “You all need to watch Moon Knight with subtitles Marc did NOT say ‘f**k’.” Neither Disney nor Marvel has officially confirmed or denied the use of an F-bomb yet, so the debate could very well continue until the series finale in a few weeks’ time. Moon Knight continues Wednesdays on Disney+.