Wayne Rooney has confirmed that he wants to stay at Derby County and help "rebuild" the club after their relegation to League One was confirmed on Monday. Reading's dramatic 4-4 draw with Swansea tied with Derby's defeat to QPR meant it is mathematically impossible for them to survive the drop from the Championship. Rooney has faced questions over his future at Derby given the threat of relegation. And the former England international has made it clear in previous interviews that he has high hopes of managing in the Premier League with Manchester United or Everton one day. He turned down an interview with Everton earlier this year despite the possibility of replacing Rafael Benitez. But Rooney has now confirmed that he plans to stay at Pride Park to help "rebuild" Derby and get them out of League One as soon as possible. When asked whether his future at Derby is tied with a new owner coming in, Rooney said: "The takeover has to happen. If it doesn't happen then I fear for the club. JUST IN: Ronaldo hits back at Rooney and Jamie Carragher over MNF comments  "I really fear for where the club will end up. The club's future is in doubt if that doesn't happen. My future's in doubt. "If it happens I want to rebuild the club and you see what it means to the fans every week. We're all proud to be here and I want to be the one to try and bring them happy days back." Derby were handed a 12-point deduction early in the season after entering administration with a further nine points being deducted for breaching EFL accounting rules. That 21-point deduction ultimately handed Rooney a near-impossible task of trying to save Derby from the drop. DON'T MISS  Heading into the final few weeks of the season, Derby were left needing a miracle to acvoid the drop. And a dramatic day of Championship football on Easter Monday ultimately saw Derby succumb to relegation. Derby were unable to beat QPR, but it was Reading's incredible comeback against Swansea which sealed their fate. Swansea were 4-1 up heading into the final 30 minutes before Tom Ince brought Reading to within two. Lucas Joao then gave the hosts a chance of picking up a draw minutes later before Tom McIntyre equalised with the final kick of the game in stoppage time. The result pushed Derby 10 points adrift of the relegation zone with just three games remaining. They'll now play in the third tier of English football for the first time since 1986. American businessman Chris Kirchner was named as the preferred bidder for Derby earlier this month and an offer had been accepted.