Tottenham slipped up in the race for the top four as they drew 0-0 against Brentford. It was a good point in the end as they were on the backfoot for most of the game, but now it is Arsenal that sit in fourth spot instead of Spurs. Tottenham have handed their top four spot back to Arsenal as they drew 0-0 against Brentford on Saturday. Spurs were on the backfoot for the majority of the game, and had Hugo Lloris to thank for allowing them to leave Brentford with a point, rather than with nothing. Tottenham failed to create many chances, continuing their recent goal drought after they lost 1-0 to Brighton. It was a must-win for Tottenham, whereas Brentford enjoyed the game with little to play for, and now Spurs have a huge task on their hands to finish in the top four. As Antonio Conte was handed another blow, Express Sport looks at five things we learned during Tottenham's clash with Brentford.  After Eriksen collapsed during Euro 2020 in the summer, may feared that he may never kick a ball again. But he has settled right in at Brentford and proved just how quality he really is. The Danish midfielder has transformed Brentford since signing in January, and now some of Europe's biggest sides are circling for him once more. Even Tottenham have been linked with re-signing him with his former boss Antonio Conte in charge. Eriksen displayed his range of passing all game and his set pieces have been integral to their recent success. They may have survived Premier League relegation this season, but they'll struggle to keep hold of Eriksen.  Brentford were targeting corners against Tottenham as they knew they could worry them with their threat in the air. Spurs seem to struggle dealing with the ball in the air, and they were lucky that they weren't heavily punished. It's something that Tottenham will have to improve especially with a game against Liverpool coming up, who are scoring headers for fun. From free-kicks or corners Tottenham always look vulnerable, and they don't score too many headers at the other end either. If Spurs aren't careful then their weaknesses will be exposed by their opposition, and it could hinder their top four chances in the process. Brentford on the other hand are finding a lot of success with their approach.  Tottenham have developed a rather unwanted trait as they seem to start off games particularly sluggish, and then come out a different side in the second half. And the same was true against Brentford, although their second half wasn't particularly great either. Their class may allow them to get away with it on many occasions, but against the bigger sides they could be out of the game by half-time. There are a lot of things that Conte has to improve, but the pace at which Spurs start matches is certainty a priority. It leaves too much pressure on their second half performances, and they're instead tasked with winning a game in 45 minutes rather than the full 90. Whether it's concentration, complacency or a lack of desire, Conte must solve their issue.  Tottenham were rather lifeless and needed something to inspire them during their must-win match against Brentford, with their attackers unusually quiet. And with Lucas Moura and Steven Bergwijn on the bench, there were options to shake things up. But Conte ignored his bench with little time remaining, and Davinson Sanchez was brought on to replace Ryan Sessegnon in defence as the Italian kept his faith in the attack. Although Tottenham's attack are as good as anyone's on their day, it proved that Conte doesn't trust his options on the bench. It's expected that another wave of signings will be brought in over the summer, and Conte will be able to leave his mark on Spurs a little more. But for now he isn't too impressed with his squad depth.  Injuries have been the tale of Brentford's season as they experience Premier League football for the very first time, but despite a slight dip during the middle of the campaign, they've come off rather unscathed. And Tottenham must have been relishing facing them as more stars pulled out through injury before the game. Ethan Pinnock and Christian Norgaard were ruled out, with Kristoffer Ajer also unavailable, but they battled well and were still the better team on the day. it makes you wonder what they could have done if they had a fully fit squad. Their resilience proves that Brentford are Premier League material, and now that they've avoided the drop this season, they'll be able to reinvest and go again next year. They're a very well run club, with a loved manager in Thomas Frank, and it seems whoever plays is clued up on his system. 