Clothing stains like coffee, chocolate and gravy can all be tough to tackle when spread across light-coloured clothing, requiring more than just a quick wash to get them out. Britons can end up spending a fortune on commercial stain removers, for some to fail doing the job properly. From baking soda to salt, laundry experts at Laundryheap have shared kitchen cupboard essentials homeowners can use to remove stains for a fraction of the price. Set stains can become increasingly difficult to remove the longer they are left on fabric. The experts claimed that clothes need to be pre-treated before they are thrown into to the washing machine for stains to completely disappear. They said: “The best way to remove stains is to pre-treat them.” Those who don’t have any pre-treatment products, pre-treat your stains with these alternatives. The laundry pros explained that baking soda is particularly useful at pre-treating odorous wet stains, such as coffee. READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows They said: “The powdery consistency sucks up the wetness of the stain, whilst absorbing the odour, leaving your clothing with an odourless and smaller stain. “Make sure to always brush off the baking soda before washing your garment. “Alternatively, you can make a baking soda paste by mixing two parts baking soda with one part water. “Spreading the paste over your stain will help to loosen it from the fibres of your clothing.” DON'T MISS: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals [COMMENT]Gardening: Alan Titchmarsh shares how to avoid weeds ‘reappearing’ [EXPERT]Garden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [TIPS] The natural acidity in lemons acts as a natural bleaching agent, making them a great stain removing product. The experts advised: “Squeezing lemon juice directly over the stain will begin bleaching it, making the stain lighter and easier to remove in the wash.” Be warned that using lemon juice on coloured clothing may cause discolouration, so use with caution or only on white clothing. The cleaning experts added: “It is particularly effective on yellow underarm and rust stains.” Those who have an oily or greasy stain, immediately sprinkle cornflour over it, according to experts. Make sure that your stain is completely covered by the cornflour, and leave it to sit for at least 10 minutes. The small particles that make up the cornflour will begin absorbing the stain, lifting it from your garment. If you catch your stain quick enough, the cornflour alone may be enough to lift your stain completely. If not, wash your item as you usually would. Salt works in a similar way to cornflour, particularly on red wine stains. The laundry experts said: “The particles that make up the salt absorb the stain, leaving a smaller and more manageable stain behind. “Sprinkle your red wine stain with a liberal amount of salt, the cheaper the better, and leave it to sit for at least 10 minutes. “After 10 minutes, brush the salt from your garment and observe whether your stain has reduced in size and become lighter. “If not, you may want to apply more salt and leave it for longer.”