Adris Mohammed allegedly forced 78-year-old David Varlow to reveal the pin number to his bank card before leaving him trussed to a chair in his living room where his body was later discovered. A court heard Mohammed, 44, "decided that Mr Varlow was a good person to burgle" because the pensioner was frail and lived alone. Peter Grieves-Smith QC, prosecuting, said: "David Varlow lived on his own. When he died he was 78. The prosecution case is that Mohammed decided that Mr Varlow was a good person to burgle." But Mohammed denied murder, burglary and fraud. He also pleaded not guilty to manslaughter and attempted burglary of Mr Varlow’s home, a charge linked to a previous occasion some weeks prior. On the first occasion on October 24, Mohammed was unsuccessful in his attempt to get anything at the property in Halesowen, West Midlands, and the victim dialled 999. The following day Mohammed allegedly returned to Halesowen but also "failed to get into another property after telling the occupants that he needed help and had been mugged". But, as Birmingham Live reports, the court heard the defendant returned on November 3, he got inside the house and stole a Barclays Bank card. His plan was to withdraw as much money as he could, the jury was told. The following day he allegedly returned to Halesowen but also 'failed to get into another property after telling the occupants that he needed help and had been mugged', the court was told.  Mr Grieves-Smith said Mohammed checked the balance of Mr Varlow's bank card which showed £19,000 and withdrew £250 in cash. The lawyer told the court: "To have done that he must have known the pin and Mr Varlow must have been forced to divulge it. "He did not do it of his own free will. He must have been terrified. The prosecution suggests that Mr Varlow was compelled to provide the details of his pin." Mr Grieves-Smith said a knife had been found next to his body. He told the court: "The plan would only work if Mr Varlow did not alert the police. "He tied him to a chair in such a way he would not be able to free himself. He was old and frail but he (Mohammed) did not care. "Mr Varlow was left tied up in his own home."    Mohammed allegedly went back to the property with friend O'Shay Swan, 42, and it is said they stole a bank card that had expired. Mr Grieves-Smith continued: "Mohammed would have felt confident when he returned he would not be in a position to recognise him because he would be dead. "Mr Varlow died because Mohammed tied him up. His body was found there a few days later when police forced entry. "When it comes to Mohammed. From 1992 onwards he has appeared before courts for many offences of dwelling house burglaries He will accept making these journeys but will suggest it was for an entirely innocent purpose." The trial has now been adjourned until Wednesday. Mohammed, from Ladywood, Birmingham, denies all charges. Swan, of Winson Green, Birmingham, denies burgling Mr Varlow's home between November 10 and 13, and denies fraud on November 12.   