The candid images have been released by his official photographer ahead of the second round of voting for the French election this week. The current French President is seen in one picture casually facing towards the camera in an unbuttoned white shirt with his dark chest hair visible. A smiling Emmanuel Macron has his left arm lazing across the back of a mustard yellow sofa, and his other arm with a slightly rolled sleeve. In the candid pictures, he bears a striking resemblance to the late James Bond actor Sean Connery and Hollywood star Burt Reynolds - both known for their bountiful chest hair. The latest series of behind-the-scene photos have been posted on Instagram by the French President's official photographer, Soazig de La Moissonnière. In one, a casually dressed Mr Macron, wearing a light blue polo shirt, appears to be picking out his suit for the day, while another shows the smiling President running onto stage during an election rally on Saturday. Another shows him on stage addressing his supporters, with another of him smiling and walking up steps, followed again by his loyal supporters. Mr Macron is hoping to beat far-right political rival Marine Le Pen in the French election but to do so, he will need to galvanise some support from the younger generation in the country. They are the two remaining candidates from the 12 who entered the first round of voting on April 10, and they are now rushing to appeal to the circa 50 percent of voters who had other first-choice preferences. The French President and Ms Le Pen are going head-to-head in a repeat of the last presidential election in 2017, when the first-round results were 24.01 per cent for Macron and 21.03 percent for his rival. Mr Macron went onto to dominate that French election with a resounding 66 percent of the vote in the second and deciding round. READ MORE: UK scientists analyse secrets of Putin's prized fighter jet In this year's first round, he received 27.8 percent of the vote, followed by Ms Le Pen on 23.1 percent and French far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon - who has been eliminated - closely behind on 22 percent. A major new poll from Ipsos-Sopra Steria for France Info and Le Parisien-Aujourd'hui En France from April 14-16 with 1,676 respondents showed Mr Macron is on course to win this year's French election. But victory would be with much lower 55 percent of the vote compared to five years ago. Mr Macron is a passionate Europhile and thus a huge supporter of the European Union, who has been a scathing critic of Brexit and even once described it as a "crime". DON'T MISSMarine Le Pen’s team accuse EU of ‘coming to Macron’s aid' [COMMENTS]Putin's mouthpiece loses it on live state TV when asked to explain war [VIDEO]Putin recruiting CHILDREN to replace humiliating losses [REPORT] He has looked to criticise Ms Le Pen's towards the EU and said at a rally in eastern France: "She wants to leave but dare not dare say so, and that's never good. "She says that she wants an alliance of nation states, but she is going to find herself in a corner and she is going to try to come up with an alliance with her friends." Frexit campaigners have been building pressure to push for a referendum on France's membership of the EU, complaining of Mr Macron aligning the country far too close to the bloc. But Mr Macron has insisted French voters were too loyal to Europe to accept Frexit, and believes Ms Le Pen would attack the bloc from within by building alliances with populist Governments in "Poland and Hungary". He said: "It would be a strange club." "I don't think it is a club that would be good for France. I don't think it would be good for Europe." 