Carlos Alcaraz has insisted he is not "God" in the wake of comparisons to fellow countryman Rafael Nadal. The teenage Spaniard is yet to win a Grand Slam while Nadal is the record-holder with 21 such titles, but still the 18-year-old is very highly regarded already in the tennis world. After falling to Nadal in the late stages of the Indian Wells Masters, Alcaraz bounced back by heading across the country to win the Miami Open. In doing so, he became the youngest player ever to win the men's title at that competition. He was brought crashing back down to earth when he was dumped out of the Monte-Carlo Masters in his first match of the clay court season. Despite that, though, he still arrived in Barcelona this week to a fanfare reception as the home favourite in the absence of the injured Nadal. He is confident of his chances, though in his pre-tournament press conference he nade it clear that he expected nothing from the competition and knew he would have to work hard. "Compared to previous years, I arrive here as a more solid player, with greater certainties and solutions than in the past," he said. JUST IN: Zverev joins the Wimbledon critics after Russian and Belarusian ban "Changing surfaces is not easy and we saw it in Monte-Carlo. I had a difficult match and maybe it wasn't bad to have a few more days to train on clay. I know that Barcelona will be an important tournament and that it will allow me to gain more experience. I know that Nadal will be missing, I don't know if there are other important absences but the players on the circuit are all very good." Another Spanish tennis star, Alejandro Davidovich Fokina, last week questioned the comparisons Alcaraz has been receiving to Nadal, who along with Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic stands head and shoulders about what any other men's player has managed to achieve. "I don't know if he will reach the level of Rafa, he has been and is a God," he said. Alcaraz responded by agreeing with that statement as he laughed off the pressure being placed upon him by those who make such comparisons. "I don't pay much attention to the media, I don't follow everything and I don't know how much people talk about me," the teenager added. DON'T MISS:Novak Djokovic comes from behind to seal Serbia Open final spotEmma Raducanu falls to world No 1 Iga Swiatek in StuttgartAndrey Rublev torn apart for 'uneducated' Wimbledon ban view "Of course, if the media speak well of me it means that I'm doing well and this is good. I don't think about this and I don't care, the truth is that I certainly don't lose or win because of the media, rest assured. The defeat of Monte Carlo? [Sebastian] Korda is a great tennis player, I knew from the start it was going to be very tough. I'm not a god or anything like that, I can't always win. I am aware that in any match I can suffer a defeat. "All tennis players have a chance to win and therefore I have to give my best every time to be able to bring home success. Losing in the first round is not a drama, but it helped me to fix other things and improve, I had more time to train. It is not easy to manage the tight times between the various tournaments, I have recently been in the circuit and I also have to get used to situations like these. You have to know how to manage times well and calibrate the calendar well." 