Marine Le Pen has been trying to distance herself and her party from the far-right ideology and her father’s controversial stances. She has changed the party’s name from National Front to National Rally and expelled her own father Jean-Marie Le Pen, former leader and founder of the party, for inciting hatred and controversial statements. Her attempt is full of “inconsistencies” and “mistakes”, Emmanuel Macron’s Transport Minister blasted on French radio Radio J. Jean-Baptiste Djebbari slammed on Radio J: “We don't need to demonise Marine Le Pen to see her inconsistencies. “Because the French no longer really believe in the demonisation of the National Front and the National Rally in part. “And I think that in addition, she has made enough mistakes and inconsistencies for the French to determine in a very serene way without having recourse to what she denounces.” Marine Le Pen’s opponents came at her for hiding behind referendums during this campaign, as she pledged to hold referendums on EU membership, immigration criteria, and reinstating the death penalty. She also made headlines for refusing entry to some journalists into her campaign headquarters when she qualified for the first round. Ms Le Pen said: “Ah but there are no journalists at Quotidien (news and entertainment TV show). “Quotidien is neither a news channel nor a journalistic show but it’s an entertainment show. “We prefer to accredit journalists rather than entertainment shows.” READ MORE: Macron and Le Pen set for bombshell election TV fight Far-right candidate Le Pen has tried to soften her image, as part of her strategy the de-demonise her party. A French journalist compared her campaign posters, noting she looked softer and more smiley in the second one for the second round of the election. Political scientist Stéphane Wahnich told France 24 the “image says a lot about Le Pen’s bid for political respectability”, but “the substance of her discourse remains xenophobic, however, softened it might be.” Macron’s EU minister warned on French radio Public Sénat that Ms Le Pen’s EU agenda and recent comments hint at a ‘Frexit’ – France’s withdrawal from the EU. Macron’s spokesperson also alerted on French TV channel LCI that Ms Le Pen is “still bound to this classical far-right position.” DON'T MISS: Marine Le Pen to 'further diminish' Anglo-French relations [ANALYSIS]Le Pen ‘more worried’ than Macron ahead of French election [INSIGHT]Frexit chief says Macron's time is up as five years in power is 'too [REPORT] Her campaign leaflets showed her shaking hands with Russian President Vladimir Putin amid the Ukraine-Russia crisis that Putin triggered by launching Russian troops on February 24. Mr Djebbari’s attack on Ms Le Pen’s “inconsistencies” comes ahead of tonight’s high-stakes debate opposing Emmanuel Macron to Marine Le Pen. Ms Le Pen has reportedly withdrawn from the campaign trail to prepare for the debate. This year’s debate could prove decisive in the election outcome as both candidates are running neck and neck in the polls.