Manchester United have confirmed Erik ten Hag will become the club's new manager this summer. Ten Hag will leave Ajax after a successful four-and-a-half-year tenure, signing a three-year contract until 2025, with the option of a further year. On Thursday morning, a club statement read: "Manchester United is delighted to announce the appointment of Erik ten Hag as Men's First Team Manager, subject to work visa requirements, from the end of this season until June 2025, with the option to extend for a further year." Speaking for the first time since his appointment, Ten Hag said: "It is a great honour to be appointed manager of Manchester United, and I am hugely excited by the challenge ahead. I know the history of this great club and the passion of the fans, and I am absolutely determined to develop a team capable of delivering the success they deserve. "It will be difficult to leave Ajax after these incredible years, and I can assure our fans of my complete commitment and focus on bringing this season to a successful conclusion before I move to Manchester United." JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton and Serena Williams 'pledge £20m' to Chelsea bid  United's football director, John Murtough, has also explained why the club opted for Ten Hag in their thorough search for a new manager. He stated: "During the past four years at Ajax, Erik has proved himself to be one of the most exciting and successful coaches in Europe, renowned for his team's attractive, attacking football and commitment to youth. "In our conversations with Erik leading up to this appointment, we were deeply impressed with his long-term vision for returning Manchester United to the level we want to be competing at, and his drive and determination to achieve that. "We wish Erik the best of luck as he focuses on achieving a successful end to the season at Ajax and look forward to welcoming him to Manchester United this summer." READ MORE: Man Utd board’s fury at Rangnick emerges after woeful Liverpool defeat Ten Hag is the club's fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement, succeeding Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in the Old Trafford dugout, and is expected to bring his Ajax assistant, Mitchell van der Gaag, with him to Old Trafford. The pair will look to lift their third Dutch Eredivisie title with Ajax this season before starting his role as United manager in July. With the Red Devils' chosen candidate now signed, sealed and delivered, preparations for a busy summer transfer window ahead of his maiden campaign in charge will likely accelerate. With five Premier League games left to play this season, United are still battling to ensure he will have Champions League football to play upon his arrival. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.