Arsenal believe Roma would be willing to cash in on Tammy Abraham with Mikel Arteta planning to return for the striker in the summer, according to reports. Abraham, 24, joined Chelsea as a seven-year-old, and made 82 appearances for the first team, scoring 30 goals for the Blues in all competitions. However, with Romelu Lukaku and Timo Werner joining over the last two summers, he was way down the pecking order at the club and left for pastures new. He moved to Roma in a £34million deal, and has massively impressed in the Italian capital with 24 goals in 45 games. With Arsenal set to lose Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah in the summer upon the expiration of their contracts, the Gunners will need at least two reinforcements if they are to challenge for the top four once again next season under the Spaniard's control. And according to the Daily Star, Arteta is set to look at doing a deal for him once more after failing 12 months ago. They lost out to Jose Mourinho's men after he convinced the star to join him in Italy. JUST IN: Ten Hag details Ronaldo stance in first interview as Man Utd boss But if Champions League football is secured, and with Roma likely to miss out on qualification themselves, they could take the initiative and offer £50million for his services. Abraham is said to be happy in Rome, but would not say no to a return to London where he grew up - albeit for Arsenal this time, who are his boyhood club. Arsenal believe Roma could be tempted into making a quick profit on his services and may be able to land him for £50m. That would be £18m less than Chelsea's buy-back option. Chelsea, however, could still pose a problem for Arsenal as they have the right to match any bid accepted by Roma for Abraham, having included that privilege as a clause when selling him last year. DON'T MISS The England striker has been in sensational form in Italy and has established himself as a fan favourite at Roma after netting 15 Serie A goals this season. Arsenal will likely only make the move if they can reach the top four, which they have given themselves a great chance of doing after beating Manchester United 3-1 on Sunday. The win effectively ruled United out of the running for the Champions League next season and set up a straight shootout between Arsenal and their rivals Tottenham. The Gunners take on West Ham next weekend in another crunch clash as the race for the top four heads down to the wire.