Mason Mount is refusing to give up on Chelsea's hopes of reaching the Champions League semi-finals despite losing 3-1 at the hands of Real Madrid in their quarter-final first-leg meeting on Wednesday evening. The Blues were undone by Karim Benzema's stunning hat-trick under the lights at Stamford Bridge and will go into next week's decisive second-leg clash at the Bernabeu with a two-goal deficit to overturn in the Spanish capital. The result dented Chelsea's hopes of winning back-to-back Champions League titles by giving them a mountain to climb in order to book their place in the last four of this year's competition. However, Mount is adamant that his side will give everything to put things right in Madrid by working hard to overcome the weaknesses that were on full display over the course of Wednesday's match."We know how tough it's going to be at their place and we need to regroup," said the Chelsea playmaker. "It starts tomorrow, getting together as a group and attacking every single game 100 per cent until the end of the season because every game is a final now – in the Premier League, the Champions League and FA Cup."We've got a massive mountain to climb next week, but we're Chelsea. If there's a team that can do it, it's us. We'll give it everything. JUST IN: Ten Hag has 'two Man Utd demands' with Ajax boss undecided on job "We've got that hunger and desire to really accomplish something. We're a group that really sticks together and we're going to have to do that massively, from now until the end of the season. "We have to stick together, to be a family, attack every game, that's what we have left. Anything is possible. We have to attack it, think positively and anything can happen."Chelsea appear to have devolved into a shadow of the side they were at the start of the season amid the growing uncertainty around the current off-field situation at Stamford Bridge. Mount believes that he and his team-mates can solve their on-pitch issues, though, by analysing where they went wrong on Wednesday in order to bring the fight to Real Madrid when hostilities resume next week. "We'll look back at it, there's definitely points we can do better," he added. "Obviously we try not to concede goals and we've done that very well over the last year and a half, been very solid in defence."That's something to look at. I think mentally we were ready for the game but when you're playing top opposition these things can happen."When you concede goals very quickly, it's very different to get back into the game, it kills it. There's stuff to look at and focus on but this is football and at the top level little things can punish you." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here