Bayern Munich have 'admitted' they have a new third option over the future of Robert Lewandowski, according to Bundesliga expert Jan Aage Fjortoft. Lewandowski could be made to stay at Bayern until the end of his contract in 2023 before being allowed to leave the club. The Poland superstar has been strongly linked with a summer move to Barcelona. Polish outlet Interia Sport claim Lewandowski has agreed a three-year contract with the La Liga giants. Former Norway striker Fjortoft has given a fresh update on what he has heard coming out of Bayern. He claims there has always been two options - Bayern sell Lewandowski this summer or he signs a new contract. However, he tweeted on Wednesday morning that a third option has now become a possibility. Fjortoft wrote that the new scenario could be Lewandowski staying at the Allianz Arena until the end of next season before leaving for free. READ MORE: Rudiger names two Real Madrid stars with 'individual class' who killed Chelsea  He finished his tweet by writing: "So much going on behind the scenes now. To be continued…" And then added: "The new thing is that Bayern admit there is a third alternative." If Lewandowski was to leave this summer, Borussia Dortmund sensation Erling Haaland would be their top choice to replace him. Fjortoft says Bayern think they have a chance of convincing his countryman to join them. He wrote: "A. Erling Haaland has been Bayern‘s first alternative for a long time. B. As Team Haaland has always gone for/will go for what’s the best development for the player. "Bayern think they have a chance presenting their package." Fjortoft says Bayern are sending a message to Lewandowski that he may be forced to stay if he does not sign a new contract. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Cristiano Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd [REPORT]Paul Pogba's bumper new Man Utd deal presents huge problem for Klopp and Liverpool [COMMENT]Rafael van der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Erik ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out’ [QUOTES]  But the 33-year-old and his representatives are not happy with Bayern's interest in Haaland. Fjortoft added: "I see the latest development as a message to Lewandowski. "A player and his agent are big time annoyed of the Haaland interest of Bayern is told not [sic]. Now told to 'shut it' - you are staying anyway…" But Fjortoft admits it is a gamble from Bayern, who could fail in their bid to sign Haaland and be left with a disgruntled Lewandowski. He concluded: "The big risk of the Bayern-strategy is that they could find themselves not getting Haaland (where they have an outsider’s chance) and being left this summer with a very annoyed Lewandowski."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here