Moths enter homes through contaminated food or clothing items brought into the house. They can also enter through windows and are attracted to light, which is why they are commonly more seen during the warmer months. However, with there being so many varieties of moths, Mrs Hinch fans have taken to social media to ask why they are already seeing moths in their homes. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Ros McRos said: “Moths! We seem to have become home for an awful lot of moths who I am quite convinced are having a lovely feast on our clothing. “I have hung anti-moth hangers but feel as if we need something more than that. Recommendations greatly appreciated.” Clothes moths are small in size and can destroy fabric as well as other materials. They often feed on wool, fur, silk, feathers and leather. READ MORE: Aloe vera: ‘Common signs’ your succulent is struggling Clothing moths are now a year-long problem, with a noticeable emergence of them in April and May and a second wave in August and September. Sharing advice in the comments, Natalie Beattie said: “I’ve had loads of moths and I’m trying lots of things. “I’m using dried cloves at the moment, scattering in and near our wardrobes. It seems to be working, you can buy them in the supermarket.” Dried cloves can be picked up from supermarkets such as Sainsbury’s for as little as 85p. DON'T MISS:Garden weeds: How to ‘correctly’ weed your garden [EXPLAINER]‘Highly effective’ way to kill patio weeds with 29p cooking staple [EXPERT]How to clean greasy ovens for ‘25p in less than 30 minutes’ [COMMENT] It is thought the smell of cloves is a potent deterrent for moths. Thyme and rosemary are also herbs as well as lavender that moths don’t like. Mary Watson, said: “Dried herbs, dried herbs and dried herbs. Put them everywhere, even where they may come in, it repels them.” Janette Ashwin wrote: “They hate lavender!” Jill Churchill added: “We have lavender bags etc. I really hope this is the end of them.” Charlotte Page commented: “Just thought I’d share a little tip! To deter moths, put a bag of fresh lavender in a bag and hang in your wardrobe.” Other group members recommended using moth sprays. Kim Carey said: “We bought a product which you spray and leave the room with the doors shut, best to go out for a while. It got rid of them.” Moth Stop Fabric Moth Killer and Freshener Spray is available to buy in Lakeland for £9.99. It kills moths, their egg and larvae and is ideal for spraying on clothing fabrics like wool, cashmere and linen. The spray can be effective for up to three months and contains a lavender fragrance. Households can also buy sachets to place in the wardrobes to deter moths.