Arsenal will look to sign Hoffenheim midfielder Florian Grillitsch on a free transfer when his contract in Germany comes to an end in June, according to reports. The Gunners are looking to use their nous in the market by recruiting the Austrian on a Bosman to bolster the numbers within Mikel Arteta's squad. Several first-team players are expected to leave the Emirates Stadium this summer including Alexandre Lacazette, Mohamed Elneny and Eddie Nketiah, who are all out of contract. Arsenal may now just have found the Egyptian's replacement though and Edu is expected to pursue at least two midfielders before the start of next season. The Telegraph are reporting that Arsenal have added Grillitsch to their wish-list, citing that he could be picked up on a free transfer. Yet the Gunners aren't the only interested club with Leeds and Everton also thought to be keen. READ MORE: Arsenal and Man Utd discover terms of Darwin Nunez transfer after consulting Benfica Arteta has been light on the ground in midfield in recent weeks following an injury to Thomas Partey. Granit Xhaka has slotted in at left-back, prompting Martin Odegaard to drop into a deeper role. That's why Arsenal feel as though they need to add more quality and depth across the board. Grillitsch is a player who has attracted plenty of interest in recent years. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  He was reportedly a target for former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino before he was sacked in north London. Arsenal have also previously cast an eye over the 26-year-old, who has 33 caps for his country. The Hoffenheim man has also been known to drop in at centre-back and his versatility may also be of use to Arteta. Edu is expected to wholeheartedly back the Spaniard in the transfer market, providing he does enough to keep his job come the end of the season. Two strikers, potentially three, are on the agenda for Arsenal as well two midfielders and a right-back. Jonathan David, Darwin Nunez, Victor Osimhen and Dominic Calvert-Lewin are among the club's potential targets. Securing fourth place could ultimately prove the difference though when it comes to finalising the club's summer transfer budget. Player sales will also have a big influence on that with Bernd Leno and Lucas Torreira among those expected to leave north London.