Lucy is a mum and cleaning aficionado, who keeps her home sparkling and uses her social media to show others how. The cleaning, home, motherhood and lifestyle Instagram, TikTok and YouTube influencer and been sharing her tips for three years. She has explained "full washing machine clean" routine. Lucy described a "total washing machine clean" and outlined some of her favourite products for the job. Lucy drains the bottom pump drain on the front of her Samsung Eco Bubble washing machine. She puts a cloth on the floor before draining the two valves on her machine and removing any debris in there. READ MORE: ‘It’s so good’: Lynsey Queen of Clean's tip to get rid of washing machine smells She then wipes over the front of the drawer. Lucy takes off the door of the compartment and cleans it with Flash Bicarbonate Spray. Next, Lucy takes out the detergent drawer and wipes it down with more Flash. She also uses a Sonic Scrubber to clean inside of the drawer compartment. DON'T MISSUse bicarb of soda washing your clothes - ‘really versatile' [LAUNDRY] Simple shower cleaning routine 'breaks down any hard water stains' [EXPERT] Use a white vinegar spray after every single shower [TIP] One these jobs are done, Lucy uses Vamoosh Washing Machine Cleaner. She loads the cleaner into the drawer and runs a cycle on the machine. While the cycle is running, Lucy sprays The Pink Stuff disinfectant spray on the outside of the machine, rubbing it down with a cloth. The mum explained: "It took me one hour in total and then a two and a half hour wash for the Vamoosh to work." She went on: "Vamoosh is available in Aldi and B&M and it also dissolves hair at 90°." In a TikTok video, Lucy also showed followers how she cleans a "secret" compartment in her washing machine. This compartment in the washing machine door seal. This part of the machine is often forgotten, but it does collect water and dirt. She asked followers: "Does your machine have this section too and do you clean it often?!" Britons can follow Lucy on her Instagram account @cleaningithlucy.  They can also get her tips on her TikTok account Cleaning With Lucy and her Youtube channel.