Slugs and snails can easily devastate a garden border or vegetable patch, if there’s nothing put in place to prevent them. However, rather than resorting to “chemical warfare”, gardening expert Matt James has explained how to use plants to prevent slugs. The gardener shared how to create a slug-free border using certain plants which can "resist a mollusc massacre" in a video for Waitrose & Partners. The gardening expert described slugs and snails as the “most annoying” of garden pests. He continued: “There is something that gardeners can do without resorting to chemical warfare. “It's easy when you know how, you just need to use plants which have got characteristics that slugs don't like. “Slugs and snails aren't partial to plants with thick waxy leaves, plants with furry or hairy leaves or plants with spiky leaves.” READ MORE: What to do with your daffodils once they've finished flowering  Matt suggested planting a sedum red emperor or a sea holly known as “picos amethyst”. Slugs also don’t like ornamental grasses. Matt used a Mexican feathergrass known as “assella tenuissima”. The gardening expert said gardeners should be able to create a display that remains snail and slug free by knowing what plants they don’t like.  DON'T MISSLawn: ‘Always’ follow the ‘one third rule’ when mowing grass [INSIGHT]Property for sale: Hydrangeas and other plants to add home value [UPDATE]Briton loses £2,500 after convincing rental scam [ANALYSIS] He continued: “All I'm doing here is arranging my plants with height in mind. “That is smaller ones towards the front of the border and taller ones towards the back. “Also, because this is a fairly big border, I am making sure that I arrange the plants in relatively large but informal teardrop shapes because I want to avoid a spotty, bitty appearance. “Once I'm all happy, then all I've got to do it's get them in the ground.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There are other plants which slugs and snails will leave alone too. Others include agapanthus, the coarse foliage of verbena bonariensis, lavender with its strongly aromatic leaves and tough leathery leafed persicaria. Matt added: “All of these will withstand the 20,000 teeth each slug uses on its slimy trail of destruction.” The gardening expert said these plants won’t just look good but will also “resist a mollusc massacre”.  Using chemicals in the garden will not only harm slugs and snails but also any potentially other wildlife in the garden. Other this week it was announced that there is now a ban on slug pellets. Slug pellets, which have been used since the 1940s, contain metaldehyde which is toxic for slugs. Instead, gardeners are being urged to use more natural methods such as beer traps. This is when slugs are enticed by the scent of beer left in a container which they then fall into and drown.