Her Majesty has cancelled numerous engagements in recent months, as other senior royals step up their duties in her stead. Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, is expected to attend the service on the grounds of Windsor, along with Prince William, 39, and heir Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.  Previously, the service has also included the Queen's youngest son, Prince Edward, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. The Queen had already announced she would not attend Thursday’s Maundy Service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor, where the Easter Mattins Service is also held. She is believed to have been unable to commit to her attendance, and wanted to afford the public plenty of notice. She requested Prince Charles take the lead in the Firm's presence at the ceremony for the first time.  Her Majesty, 95, traditionally hands out money to pensioners nominated by the local communities and dioceses. Maundy Thursday commemorates Jesus washing the feet of his disciplines at the Last Supper. The Queen usually offers "alms" to the elderly on this day, distributing "Maundy money" to the deserving. The Queen had previously attended the memorial service dedicated to her late husband, Prince Philip, on March 29. READ MORE: 'Quite painful' Harry set to snub Jubilee as Queen' The monarch entered Westminster Abbey through a separate entrance that offered a shorter route to her seat. The Queen has suffered a series of health scares in recent months, including contracting COVID-19 back in February. She revealed earlier this week the virus left her "very tired and exhausted" as she chatted with staff and patients from the Royal London Hospital. The Queen tested positive for the virus two days after her son, Prince Charles, revealed he had also contracted the disease. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan undergo 'hostility' training [LIVE]Charles fury at Camilla as royal faced 'relentless routine' [REVEAL] Queen’s aides ‘worried’ as public may miss out on seeing monarch [INSIGHT]  He had met with his mother on February 8, before testing positive two days later. A number of people within the royal household at Windsor contracted Covid at the same time. Just after recovering from Covid, the Queen hosted Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in what was her first in-person appearance since her positive test. But the Queen also missed the annual Commonwealth Day celebration last month, led by Prince Charles in her absence.  In February, the Queen hinted at her growing discomfort in a comment made to a visitor at Windsor Castle. She said: "As you can see, I can't move." Her Majesty also spent a night in hospital in October last year, before returning to Windsor. A Palace statement said: "Following medical advice to rest for a few days, the queen attended hospital on Wednesday afternoon for some preliminary investigations, returning to Windsor Castle at lunchtime today, and remains in good spirits."