Princess Alexandra is thought to have a close relationship with her cousin, Queen Elizabeth II. On her wedding day, the royal wore a beautiful lace wedding dress and a diamond tiara. Alexandra and Sir Angus Ogilvy wed on April 24, 1963 at Westminster Abbey with a ceremony attended by many members of the Royal Family.  It was also broadcast on TV reaching an estimated 200 million people. Royal women are not permitted to wear tiaras before they are married, and usually wear one on their wedding day. On her big day, Princess Alexandra wore the Kent City of London diamond fringe tiara.  The Russian fringe style diamond tiara appeared to honour the monarch, according to an expert. Queen Elizabeth II is thought to be very close with her cousin Princess Alexandra. Alexandra may have acknowledged their close relationship by choosing the tiara, which was similar to one worn by the Queen at her own wedding. Experts at The Court Jeweller stated: "Alexandra married Angus Ogilvy, the second son of the 12th Earl of Airlie, in a grand ceremony full of royal guests at Westminster Abbey.  "Her appearance at the Abbey in a family fringe tiara echoed the bridal attire of her first cousin, Queen Elizabeth II, in 1947." The jewel has much royal significance and was first worn by Princess Marina. In 2019, Lady Gabriella Windsor also sported the diadem when she married Thomas Kingston. It could hold a valuation of up to £3million, according to Ailsa Russell, a gemmologist and appraiser from Prestige Pawnbrokers of Channel 4’s Posh Pawn.  She told Express.co.uk: “This beautiful Russian inspired diamond set gold and silver tiara originally belonged to Princess Marina of Kent, gifted before her wedding to the Duke of Kent in 1934. “Likely featuring over 100 carats of diamonds, a diadem of this provenance and importance would likely reach £1million to £3million.” Her Majesty wore the Queen Mary Fringe Tiara at her own wedding in 1947. It had a similar style to the one sported by Princess Alexandra.  Princess Alexandra said "I do" wearing a stunning lace dress that had a fitted bodice. Designed by John Cavanagh, it had a bandeau bodice that pulled in at the waist and continued into a full-length skirt. The entirety of the dress was covered in lace detailing, including long lace sleeves. It was made of Valenciennes lace which also made up a matching veil and train. 