Piers Morgan spoke with host Lorraine Kelly on Thursday in his first ITV interview since March 2021. Piers, who is set to launch his new TalkTV chat show next week, discussed his exit from Good Morning Britain last year and claimed he was given no choice by ITV. He told Lorraine he had to either apologise for his comments about Meghan Markle or to leave his role on GMB. However, during the former GMB hosts' interview with Lorraine, it didn't take him long to give his views about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The 57-year-old said: "I think most people share my view about Meghan Markle and indeed Prince Harry, whose behaviour continues to be utterly deplorable. "It's a ludicrous statement that he's protecting the Queen in some way, really, mate? "All you have done is make the Queen's life a misery, you quit the country, you quit the British people, you're now proud to say you have a new life in America, good luck to you." READ MORE: Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  He raged: "But you're the Duke and Duchess of Sussex still, titles afforded to you by the Queen. "All you do is trash the Royal Family, you trash your brother, you trash your father, you trash the monarchy and I am sorry, but people are allowed to stand up for the royals. "I think they want to create a rival renegades Royal Family and they're making hundreds of millions of dollars." He later went on to add: "I am going to say that very loudly on my show and there will be people who come on my show who will say the complete opposite."   Piers went on to explain when he left GMB, his co-host Susanna Reid didn't agree with a word he said about the royals. "There were about 10 people who disagreed with me," he recalled. "And they're entitled to disagree with me. "Everyone's allowed an opinion. What state have we got to and in my case, I was hired to host that show precisely because I have strong opinions." Piers stormed off of GMB in March 2021 after he clashed with his co-star Alex Beresford over Meghan and Prince Harry's interview with Oprah Winfrey. DON'T MISS...'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview [VIDEO]Sturgeon on the spot by Carol McGiffin over own ‘mistakes’  [INSIGHT]Where are John and Anne Darwin now? [CAST] It was later revealed Piers' comments about the Duchess' mental health sparked thousands of complaints to Ofcom. Soon after, the presented confirmed he would be leaving the show. Speaking to Lorraine about his ongoing feud with Alex, Piers branded his weatherman an "idiot". Piers insisted to the host "he didn't walk out" as Lorraine pointed out: “You did! There’s video evidence.” Piers argued back: “Play the video of me storming back in. I went back in that day.” “That doesn’t count,” Lorraine hit back before Piers explained: “I had a little time out because I wasn’t sure how I’d respond if I stayed there listening to that idiot giving me his two pennies worth. “So I did walk back in and I did finish that show. I chose not to apologise and to leave. “But I did have a great time, I did love Good Morning Britain, I did love trebling the ratings, I loved all the noise and fun we had." Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV.