Roma boss Jose Mourinho has reportedly given the nod regarding a swoop for Manchester United midfielder Nemanja Matic. The duo already have experience of working together at Old Trafford as well as Chelsea, and the Portuguese could make it a third partnership after Matic announced his desire to leave this summer. Very few in the United squad can feel sure of their Red Devils future after another dismal display against Liverpool on Tuesday. With his contract due to expire in a few weeks' time, Matic is among those set to jump ship and take on a new challenge. The Serb has earned his living in the Premier League since 2014, spending the past five seasons with United. His commanding midfield performances have waned with age, but Tuttomercatoweb claim that Mourinho still fancies him to do a job in Italy. The report states that contact has already been made with the player's entourage and the Roma boss 'strongly desires' the services of his former star. JUST IN: Newcastle star Jonjo Shelvey tips Magpies to become 'a massive club like Man City and PSG' It has been an up-and-down first season for Mourinho at Roma, having earned credit through the recruitment of a prolific striker in Tammy Abraham while losing his temper on the touchling to garner unwanted attention. Results have broadly been unspectacular as the Giallorossi sit fifth. Ralf Rangnick's post-match comments after being thrashed 4-0 by Liverpool suggested that plenty of others could be heading in and out of Old Trafford this summer. He also claimed that 'a couple' of potential transfer targets had already been mentioned to the board, but urged the club to splash out on a host of new arrivals. DON'T MISS...Chris Sutton slams Jesse Lingard's clothing choice vs LiverpoolMan Utd icon Paul Scholes tells club to finish 8th in 'saddened' rantMan Utd icon Gary Neville admits he was 'unprofessional' on Sky Sports  Ahead of a summer of wholesale changes in terms of both players and staff, six of the squad are set to depart upon the expiration of their contracts. More could follow before Erik ten Hag's arrival, and the Dutchman is set to be backed with a hefty transfer warchest to restore the team's fortunes. The dressing room have already been notified of his appointment, according to The Mirror, and an official announcement is reportedly on the way after Saturday's showdown with Arsenal. The news will broadly be welcomed by Red Devils fans who have struggled through a torrid run of results over the past few weeks.  Midfield will be a key area of focus, made even more pressing by Matic's certain exit. Leeds United's Kalvin Phillips is believed to be on their radar but tempting him to effectively betray a bitter rival could take some doing. West Ham's Declan Rice is also hot Premier League property and United would surely be happy to welcome him in. But Hammers boss David Moyes has slapped a humongous £150million price-tag on his head which could force them to look towards other alternatives.