Despite the easing of lockdown measures, Covid remains rife in the UK. Thousands of positive cases are still being reported daily across all regions, remaining near or at record levels. On Saturday, the NHS Confederation called for the Government to revamp its ‘Living with Covid’ plan with a view to address the rising infection rate and better support the NHS. The NHS leaders of the Confederation have warned the Government that the lack of action towards the continued high infection rates and hospital admissions since the easing of restrictions “risks abandoning the health service”. While the severity of the virus has lessened due to the success of the vaccine roll-out, positive cases remain high and NHS services remain inundated. Many NHS providers have had to declare critical incidents. Only last week, around 20 accident and emergency departments in England had to issue diverts, with patients having to be taken elsewhere. The NHS Confederation said it is currently operating at “extremely high bed occupancy levels and continued staff absence rates are well above the average for this time of year.”.  READ MORE: Lockdown warning: Calls for immediate return of Covid rules  Do you think the Government should reintroduce Covid restrictions? Have your say in the comments. Some areas in the UK are still seeing numbers soaring past 30k recorded positive cases, but which areas are suffering the most? Here are the areas with the highest number of cases reported in the most recent seven-day period. The South East of England is currently reaching highs of 50,317 recorded positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. The South East is actually reported to be the region which has suffered the highest number of cases since the start of the pandemic of all, with an overall total of 2,936,77.  The South East consists of the counties Buckinghamshire, East Sussex, Hampshire, the Isle of Wight, Kent, Oxfordshire, Berkshire, Surrey, and West Sussex. Falling just below the South East is Scotland, which has reported 42,737 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. The Greater Glasgow and Clyde health board has the highest amount of confirmed cases, although this is also the most populated part of Scotland. The South-Western region of England has recorded 34,160 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period. The South West consists of the counties Bristol, Cornwall (including the Isles of Scilly), Dorset, Devon, Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire. London has reported 32,410 in the last seven-day period. London is second to the South East for the highest number of cases recorded since the start of the pandemic, seeing a staggering overall total of 2,832,627.  DON'T MISS: Paxlovid found to help vulnerable Covid patients ‘within hours' [INSIGHT]Covid horror: TWO new 'rising' Omicron mutations dubbed 'concern' [EXPLAINED]Misery for Sunak as UK economy growth SLOWS to just 0.1% [ANALYSIS]    The East of England is currently reporting 32,037 cases over the most recent seven-day period. This region covers the counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk. The North-Western region of England, which encompasses Cheshire, Cumbria, Greater Manchester, Lancashire and Merseyside, has recorded 31,500 positive cases over the most recent seven-day period. Wales and Northern Ireland are currently seeing much lower statistics than Scotland, as well as all of the nine regions in England. Wales has reported just 3,420 positive cases in the most recent seven-day period, while Northern Ireland has reported 7,527. As a result of these staggering statistics, the NHS Confederation is calling on the Government to address them through a number of measures.  They’ve asked for honesty in Government messaging about the scale of the current Covid-19 impact; a reinvigoration of its public information campaign to encourage a renewed focus on mask-wearing in public spaces and isolating when unwell; a review of NHS infection prevention control measures; and additional funding to cover the direct costs of Covid, such as with lateral flow tests. Matthew Taylor, NHS confederation chief executive, said health care leaders recognised there was a need to "live with Covid" but they reported a "clear disconnect" between the Government’s strategy and the "realities [medics] are facing on the front line", in a statement on Saturday. Mr Taylor said: “The brutal reality for staff and patients is that this Easter in the NHS is as bad as any winter. “But instead of the understanding and support NHS staff received during 2020 and 2021, we have a government that seems to want to wash its hands of responsibility for what is occurring in plain sight in local services up and down the country.  “No 10 has seemingly abandoned any interest in Covid whatsoever. The Treasury has taken bites out of the already very tight NHS budget, while soaring inflation means the NHS settlement is now worth less. “It is now unclear that anyone in the centre of government feels the unfolding NHS crisis is their responsibility. “NHS leaders and their teams feel abandoned by the Government and they deserve better. “We have been promised a ‘living with Covid’ plan yet all we have is a ‘living without restrictions’ ideology.” The Government’s ‘Living with Covid’ plan removed all legal restrictions in place as a means to treat the virus “like any other respiratory infection”. 