Chloe (played by Jessica Elland) hasn't had the best luck with men since moving to Emmerdale last year but this week, she thought things were finally starting to change when Nate (Jurell Carter) took an interest in her as he wanted a distraction from his own failed romantic endeavours. The heartthrob of the ITV soap didn't sleep with her because he was too drunk but with it clear she wants more from their brief encounter, he has been knocking back her advances. In the most recent episode of the weeknight serial drama, she continued with her efforts to win him over and with it seeming he won't budge on staying single for now, it seems she could call on some reinforcements to make sure she is a constant presence in Nate's life. In her latest attempt to snag Nate as her man, Chloe turned up on Barton's Farm where he worked in hope they could spend some more time together. Although Kerry Wyatt (Laura Norton) and Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) had told her to avoid getting involved with the father of one, Chloe persisted with her mission. Turning up on the farm, she flirted up a storm with the lothario of the village, who didn't seem too impressed he was being stalked. When Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) showed up, the youngster explained she wanted to get some experience of working on a farm and Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) wife was more than happy to show her the ropes. Unfortunately, it wasn't what the young woman expected and by the end of the day, she hadn't spoken to her love interest much and she smelt like sheep poo. READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage With the day over with, she bumped into Nate outside the village café and tried her best to strike up another conversation with him. "Why aren't you working?" he asked, inquisitive as to why the young woman was walking around the village when she was so desperate for a job. Chloe explained: "Moira sent me home. I went a bit funny when I saw one of the lambs being born." "I wonder how the farm will manage without you," the father of one quipped, with the young woman replying: "That's not fair, it was my first day." Trying to thaw the ice between them, Chloe offered her love interest an apology as she said: "I'm sorry about before if it was weird." "I think it's best if Moira doesn't know [about us]," she continued, with Nate puzzled about what was going on between them. "There is no us. There's nothing to know about," he replied, with Chloe telling him: "I'm not stupid. I'm not about to broadcast it." "It's in your head, Chloe. It needs to stop now. I should have never of let you come back to mine and it's never going to happen again," Nate said in no uncertain terms. "I think I prefer you with a few drinks in you," the young woman remarked as her voice began to crack, knowing the chances of them becoming a couple was slipping away. "Sober Nate is a bit of a drag," she added, with the father of one stating: "That's who I am. I'm a dad with too much work and a daughter I don't get to see as often as I would like to." DON'T MISS...Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter dreaded food fight scene with Emma Atkins [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Emma Atkins left 'devastated' by Charity Dingle's fate [COMMENT] "I'm not boyfriend material," he added, with Chloe asking him: "Who said it was a boyfriend I wanted?" but the farmhand wasn't too happy. "Just cut it out. I'm not sure I ever want you talking to me anymore," he said before apologising and stating he was not interested in her. Chloe was left devastated and towards the end of the episode, she spoke with Noah Dingle (Jack Downham) about her relationship troubles. Although she has been in the same position as Nate with Noah, Chloe said there was no chance he had a chance with her just because another man had broken it off with her. If anything, this hinted she was not going to give up on her latest chance to find happiness with Nate, whether he liked it or not. Despite not talking to her father for several months, given she ran away from him and his men last year, Chloe could get in contact to pay a visit to him in prison. Believing Nate would give her more of a chance if he didn't have as much work on his shoulders, she could persuade the dodgy dealer to invest in the farm. This way, he would be able to hire his own workforce to take over the day to day running of Barton's Farm and Nate could relax a bit more. Viewers have yet to discover the identity of Chloe's father but this storyline twist could see him finally introduced to the village. Moira would be left devastated by the takeover, however, with Chloe's father offering her a huge sum of money for the sale, she could agree to hand it over. As Nate discovers what's going on, he could confront Chloe, telling her she has gone away too far and this hasn't impressed him in the slightest. Willing to play the long game, Chloe could convince herself his mind will change once he no longer has so much work to do. Over the coming months, the heartthrob could become a very different person as he enjoys being able to take a backseat. After being so mean to Chloe, will he finally give her a chance or will another roadblock be put in their way such as her father? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.