The flight attendant, who wished to remain anonymous, said that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had a couple of drinks and snacks during the three-hour flight to the Arctic Circle. The flight attendant revealed the whole crew had a special briefing prior to the flight on how to greet the royal passengers. However, "they [Meghan and Harry] said to the airline that they wanted to be treated as normal passengers, so we didn’t do any exceptions or special service for them". She explained: “Harry and Meghan were lovely throughout the whole flight. “At the beginning of the flight, they looked at the menu and I could see they were discussing what to order. READ MORE: 'I'd demand my fare back': easyJet flight sees surprise flashmob “When we went through with the service trolley, they stopped me and asked me for a drink and snack." The cabin crew member revealed Prince Harry opted for "a breakfast tea and a lemon muffin" while "Meghan had tea as well, but she chose shortbread". She added: “They were very nice and friendly, but at the time to take the payment, I didn't know what to do, as they didn't ask for the bill and it seemed like they assumed that was for free. "I was too embarrassed to ask so I just left.  “I panicked so I just kept going and decided not to ask for the payment, although they had requested to be treated like regular passengers before the flight," the crew member said. After that, the couple didn't order anything else, she explained. Although the Duke and Duchess of Sussex specified they wanted to be treated like any other passenger on board, the flight attendant decided not to ask for a payment. However, she said that “by the end of the flight their bodyguard, who was travelling with them, came to me and asked for the bill". “I was so relieved but at the same time so confused!” she admitted. “The bodyguard explained to me that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex never carry any money and he’s in charge of paying for everything." Members of the Royal Family never carry any cash "for security reasons". A former police protection officer for Princess Diana explained once that this is "to keep things as private as possible". He said: "It is very rare for members of the Royal Family to carry cash or credit cards so protection officers paying for things is quite a normal practice. "When I worked with the late Princess Diana I did this on numerous occasions for things like meals at restaurants to hotel bookings.” The flight attendant told Express.co.uk that although the flight was fully booked, no one recognised Harry and Meghan, who were seated in the last row. When the flight landed in Tromso, and before disembarking the plane, "they came to the back galley and said thank you. They were very nice," she said.