Manchester United could have found an upgrade on Aaron Wan-Bissaka for Erik ten Hag in the upcoming transfer window - with a move for Norwich defender Max Aarons reportedly on the cards in the summer. And the deal could see United's current right-back star end up further down the pecking order if Aarons was to impress at Old Trafford.  Wan-Bissaka joined United in 2019 after a strong season at Crystal Palace. He rose to prominence for his tough tackling and physicality, almost bringing an old-school right-back feel to Selhurst Park as opposed to the attacking full-backs out there such as Trent Alexander-Arnold, Reece James and the like. It was a bold move by the Red Devils, especially spending £50million on him after just one season in the Premier League at the age of 21 - a fee that, now at least, is viewed as extortionate. It really just hasn't worked out for the Croydon-born star, either; fans view his talents as less a play and more of a pantomime at the Theatre of Dreams. Diogo Dalot has started to become the preferred choice in the north west, despite being signed a year before Wan-Bissaka from Porto. That in itself, alongside being sent to Milan on loan for a year to find his feet, is a huge indictment as to how Wan-Bissaka's career is going. United are after a more attacking right-back, with the former Palace star's quality in the final third being deemed as insufficient if they are to challenge at the top once again. READ MORE: Man Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  That is where Aarons will come in to plug the gap. Whilst Wan-Bissaka is obviously the better defender, the Norwich star's output going forward could deliver United more goals, win them more games, and ultimately actual silverware - something that has been lacking in west Manchester in recent years. At just 22, Aarons has two-and-a-half years on Wan-Bissaka, giving him time to develop at one of the country's biggest sides. And with over 150 league appearances in that time - missing just six games since the start of the 2019-20 season - his exposure to first team football is a huge bonus for any interested club. Of course, what makes United an interesting option for Aarons is the offer of Premier League football given Norwich's status, alongside some form of European football and a higher wage. Higher profile targets could have been sought after if Champions League football was on the cards at Old Trafford. But with Conference League football likely, Aarons is probably the best United can get at the moment. READ MOREWhat Erik ten Hag told Man Utd chiefs Darren Fletcher and John Murtough in first meetingBarcelona 'discuss three players' in swap deal transfer talks for Arsenal star GabrielMan Utd 'facing dressing-room backlash' over eye-watering Paul Pogba contract proposal  That isn't a bad thing; Arsenal, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund are all reportedly interested, and fending off their interest would show United still have buying power. And they would be signing a homegrown, young, attack-minded player with bags of potential - a profile that would fit perfectly with Ten Hag's mantra. Time will tell if a deal can be done for Aarons, and whether a bid will be lodged for his services. But if that does happen, it could be a huge step in the right direction of forward planning to end the rot of current demise at Old Trafford.