Former Arsenal boss Unai Emery admits the opportunity to manage Newcastle is an “attractive prospect,” despite the fact he turned down the job when it was offered to him last November. Emery was approached after the club had sacked Steve Bruce in wake of their takeover by a mega-rich Saudi-led consortium. Magpies chiefs eventually appointed Eddie Howe as Bruce’s successor. Emery had already endured one ill-fated spell in the Premier League after being appointed Arsenal boss in the summer of 2018. His reign in north London started well but lasted just 16 months as he was given his marching orders following a dismal start to the 2019/20 campaign. The 50-year-old was appointed Villarreal boss the following summer and led the team to Europa League glory in his first season at the helm. That triumph secured his side a place in this season’s Champions League. And when Newcastle came calling, Emery’s loyalties were in Spain. “The Newcastle project is an attractive project - something to build, different to Arsenal,” Emery told The Athletic. “With Arsenal, you first had to knock down the walls, which is hard work, then start to build again.  READ MORE: Man Utd hero Wayne Rooney backs Liverpool to beat Man City in crunch clash   “Newcastle, no - it was just about building from the ground up. So it is different and I liked the idea. But I was also grateful to Villarreal for the opportunity they gave me - and we were in the Champions League. “The Premier League is an attractive league for all us coaches. So when Newcastle called me, I thought a lot about the opportunity to return to England, to a serious project. For me, it was a source of pride, satisfaction - and I appreciated it. The opportunity of a club like Newcastle - what it could turn out to be - it is normal to listen to the offer, to consider it. “I thought about the offer and I spoke with [Villarreal president] Fernando Roig. But I also had to take into account that we were in the Champions League with Villarreal mid-season. In the end, with a lot of respect for Villarreal and a lot of respect for Newcastle, I decided to stay here. I am happy and we are doing an important job.” DON'T MISS... Man Utd flop Anthony Martial hits new low with Sevilla loan Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'happy' with Mohamed Salah contract talks Gary Lineker raves over Barcelona starlet Pedri during Sevilla win   Emery has taken Villarreal to the quarter-finals of this season’s Champions League after they finished second to Manchester United in their group on their way to stunning Juventus 4-1 on aggregate in the last 16. And the Spaniard admits he has no regrets returning to his homeland after his stint at Arsenal. “I was looking to be ambitious again,” Emery added as he spoke about his Villarreal appointment. “And what club could give me that? Winning trophies is very difficult, and winning in Europe is even more difficult. I am very demanding of myself, and was demanding about what Villarreal could do. “Winning the Europa League was breaking a barrier. Villarreal was already respected because they play well - it is a small town, a credible sporting project. After winning this trophy, you are seen differently. A title brings prestige, recognition.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 