Mary (played by Louise Jameson) has ruffled a few feathers since turning up in Emmerdale earlier this year but she has also been a great support to Rhona (Zoe Henry) after her partner Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) suffered a stroke. The Woolpack chef continues to recover in hospital but it is clear to the newcomer of the ITV soap her daughter is struggling with splitting her time between her other half and life in the village. However, when she offers her opinion on the matter, it isn't taken too well at all and Mary could end up being pushed into the arms of another. The drama continues in next week's episodes as Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) sets up an Easter egg hunt for the children in the village. Wanting Marlon to be included, the vet streams the whole thing so his best friend can watch the activities from his bed in the hospital. Rhona is grateful to her former lover for coming up with such a thoughtful idea but she is soon having second thoughts. It seems by the next day the excitement of watching the egg hunt has taken it out of Marlon and his partner worries it's going to impact on his consultancy meeting. Seeing how much stress her daughter is under, Mary ends up confiding in her new friend Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) about the matter at hand. READ MORE: Coronation Street theory: Faye Windass death sealed after health scare The newcomer expresses her concern Rhona is not going to be able to take on the full-time care of her partner once he is out of the hospital. Whilst she talks away, Marlon receives some devastating news as the consultant tells him although he is making progress, he is not ready to go home. Not happy with what she's heard, Rhona demands the consultant give her a date they can work towards to get Marlon home. Eventually returning to the village after a busy day at the hospital, Rhona is livid when she sees her mother in the pub with Faith. Having seen her daughter's outburst, the newcomer expresses her concern to the vet she doesn't know how she will cope when Marlon does return. Mary urges her daughter to think about herself and her wellbeing, rather than thinking about the earliest time Marlon can come home. When the newcomer suggests the vet take some time away from her partner to get her life back on track, Rhona is horrified. Appalled at her mother's suggestion, the beloved character turfs her out onto the street and says she is no longer welcome to stay with her. Unfortunately, since she arrived in the Dales earlier this year, Mary has lacked sensitivity when it comes to her daughter's affairs. However, struggling to get through to Rhona this time, the newcomer could decide she is going to put herself first and have some fun. DON'T MISS...Paige Sandhu health: Soap star on 'terrible' anxiety - symptoms [ANLYSIS]Emmerdale star Paige Sandhu teases Meena’s trial fate in tense scenes [COMMENT]Mark Charnock says preparation for stroke storyline was 'eye-opening' [COMMENT] Having not really developed many friendships in the village, other than with Faith, there will be very few places Mary could stay. One such place could be the Bed and Breakfast run by Eric Pollard (Chris Chittell) and the newcomer could decide to make a move on the pensioner. This could be the beginning of a new romance in the village as the pair get swept up in the excitement of their fling. Eric has had a fair few romantic endeavours during his time on the show but Mary could very much remind him of his late wife, Val Pollard (Charlie Hardwick). Both headstrong women who don't hold back, the Bed and Breakfast owner could believe this is another chance at happiness. If Rhona didn't throw her mother out, Mary might never have made a move on Eric or even contemplated him as a love interest. However, wanting to build a life for herself in the village by putting roots down, getting together with one of the show's longest-serving characters could definitely give her some longevity. As other parts of her life come together, the newcomer will still desperately want to work on things with her daughter. Rhona could have very little time for her mother and she might not believe the newcomer has already found love with Eric. The vet could warn the soap stalwart her mother is not all she makes herself out to be but will he take notice of the valuable advice being given to him? The actress who plays Mary, Louise, has spoken out at the moment her character is thrown out on the street by Rhona. Louise explained: "It's shocking and hurtful. Mary has the good sense to not retaliate but to give Rhona some space. "There's no point in trying to talk things through when Rhona is in such a blinding rage," she continued before stating whether she thinks Rhona is stressed or whether she means she doesn't want to see her mother again. The soap star added: "I think at that moment, Mary is unsure. "It's hurtful and very sad, especially as they were connecting so much better," she said but only time will tell if the mother and daughter can come back together. Could Eric be the person to help broker the peace between them? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.