The UN has voted to suspend Russia from the Human Rights Council amid the prolonged conflict and accusations of mass civilian killings in Ukraine. At the same time, a NATO summit in Brussels on Thursday explored how the western-backed alliance could further help Ukraine by offering support like extended military aid. NATO secretary general Jens Stoltenberg said there was a clear message from the meeting that the allies are "ready to do more" to provide additional military equipment, and they "realise and recognise the urgency". While he would not give specific details about weapons so far supplied to Ukraine, Mr Stoltenberg said NATO allies were providing a wide range of weapons systems, including Soviet-era and modern weapons. NATO will also be stepping up its support for Ukraine over cybersecurity and will provide equipment to help the country defend against chemical or biological attack, Mr Stoltenberg added. It comes following a string of failed peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, and also the Kremlin and other nations including France. On Thursday, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Ukraine had presented Moscow with a draft peace deal containing "unacceptable" elements that conflicted with a previous agreement, comments that Kyiv dismissed as "pure propaganda". Last month, Express.co.uk spoke with Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), who predicted Russia would find a way to reject peace talks to justify any future aggression towards Ukraine — including renewed shelling. She said: "I think negotiations can definitely be a certain strategy to gain some time in terms of solving the tactical issues that they have been experiencing so far. "At the same time, Russia also needs some kind of pretext to say that they have tried to speak to Ukraine and negotiate with them — that it was because of Ukraine's decision that it had to continue with shelling the cities and will continue with the military option. "The demands they have imposed have been absolute non-starters for Ukraine because these included not only political neutrality but also demands such as recognition of the independence of the Russian-occupied Ukrainian territories of Luhansk and Donetsk, and also Crimea. JUST IN: World leaders’ heights: Biggest names ranked tallest to shortest "But I think if the Russian military does not gain any substantial advantage, they will be more willing to sit at the negotiating table and force Ukraine to accept these terms under the pressure of cities being shelled and the civilian population being killed. "We saw how the Opera House in Mariupol was bombed where many people and children were hiding. "This was a very open message that all the brutal means will be used if Ukraine doesn't abide by the Russian demands or until Russia achieves its goals in Ukraine, which I believe is regime change." The Kremlin has said talks with Ukraine are not progressing as rapidly as it would like. DON'T MISS Putin so toxic that Shell sacrifices $5bn to avoid Russian oil [REPORT] War 'to enter' Russia territory as army fail to hold ground  [INSIGHT] Putin's 'era will end' over Ukraine sanctions on economy [ANALYSIS] It has also accused the West of trying to detail negotiations by raising war crimes allegations against Russian troops in Ukraine, which Moscow denies. Ukraine's new peace deal draft, according to Lavrov, said the status of Crimea — which Moscow annexed from Ukraine in 2014 — should be evaluated at a meeting between the two countries' presidents. This is something Russia would likely never put on the table. The Kremlin also claims that Ukraine has requested to hold military drills with foreign countries without receiving Russia's permission — another thing that Moscow is vehemently opposed to. Lavrov said: "Such inability to agree once again highlights Kyiv's true intentions, its position of drawing out and even undermining the talks by moving away from the understandings reached. He added that the proposals were "unacceptable". Kyiv says it is committed to the talks but is not willing to give up its sovereignty and territorial integrity. Mykhaylo Podolyak — one of President Volodymyr Zelensky's advisors and negotiators — said Lavrov's comments should be seen as a tactic to undermine Ukraine or divert attention from war crime accusations against Russian troops. He told Reuters: "To make any changes to our position to weaken it would be pointless. "Mr Lavrov is not directly related to the negotiation process, and so his statements are pure propaganda." Meanwhile, after NATO's summit, Mr Stoltenberg said the alliance would help other partners, including Georgia and Bosnia-Herzegovina, to "shore up their resilience" and their "ability to defend themselves". He warned that the world must be prepared for the "long haul" and the war could last for months or even years.