Today marks the one year anniversary of the death of Prince Philip. The Duke of Edinburgh passed away at the age of 99, just a few months shy of his 100th birthday. Philip left behind his wife, the Queen, and four children, eight grandchildren and twelve great grandchildren. As the Queen’s dedicated consort for over 70 years, Philip was fiercely loyal and loving, and he has endeavoured to teach his children and grandchildren the traits it takes to live a life of service. This was particularly important for the heirs to the throne – Prince Charles and Prince William. It is understood that Philip was a trusted guide for William, who sought advice from his grandfather on life decisions. One of which was the decision to split the households of the Cambridges and Sussexes. In March 2019, it was announced that the Queen had granted permission for a new royal household to be formed for Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle – away from Kensington Palace, where William and Kate, Duchess of Cambridge live and work. The Duke of Cambridge reportedly went to the Duke of Edinburgh for advice over the decision to split households. According to the Daily Mail at the time, William called Philip several weeks before the announcement because he valued his grandfather’s “wise counsel”. While he knew the split from his brother was inevitable, he wanted reassurance that Harry would be well supported by Buckingham Palace. William believed that his grandfather knew the Palace set-up better than anyone and would give him a more unbiased opinion of the brothers’ plan. While what was said remains unknown, Philip’s advice clearly put the Duke of Cambridge’s mind at ease. Soon after, Harry and Meghan relocated to Frogmore Cottage and their staff and offices were later moved to be with the Queen at Buckingham Palace, cutting all ties with Kensington Palace. The move led to speculation of a rift between the so-called Fab Four. However, royal aides moved to quash those rumours and insisted the changes were always meant to take place due to William’s future role as Prince of Wales, and, eventually, king. A source told the Daily Mail: “It’s about placing the two dukes on a permanent footing that ensures changes aren’t needed again [when Charles accedes to the throne and William becomes Prince of Wales].” Despite this, talk of a spat between the couples remained, and less than a year later, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex left the Firm for good in favour of a life in the US. At the time, Meghan and Harry said in a statement: “After many months of reflection and internal discussions, we have chosen to make a transition this year in starting to carve out a progressive new role within this institution.”  The Sussexes’ shock exit was followed by a bombshell interview with US chat show host Oprah Winfrey. Harry and Meghan spoke candidly about their experiences as working royals, and claimed that they had been unsupported by the Firm. Harry also commented on Prince William and Prince Charles’ positions in the monarchy. He said: “My father and my brother, they are trapped. They don’t get to leave. And I have huge compassion for that.” Harry has returned to the UK twice since the exit – once for the funeral of Prince Philip in April 2021, and a few months later to join his brother for the unveiling of a statue in tribute to his late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales. Many hoped this would be the start of thawing tensions, however, it did not mark the new beginning for the brothers’ relationship. Harry flew back to the US shortly after the unveiling. Last week, Prince William joined other members of the Royal Family for a Service of Thanksgiving for Philip. Harry was the only senior member who was not in attendance. While a reason was not given, it comes as the Duke of Sussex is in a legal battle with the Home Office over police protection while in the UK. In January, a court heard that Harry “does not feel safe” to bring his family to his home country.