Carlo Ancelotti gave the clearest indication yet that Antonio Rudiger is set to sign with Real Madrid this summer after responding to speculation regarding the Chelsea star. The head coach cheekily replied "Who?" when quizzed about the central defender, fuelling suggestions he will head to Spain on a free transfer.  Ancelotti wore the look of a man who had been caught red-handed as he smirked in front of the camera following Real's 4-3 Champions League semi-final defeat to Manchester City in the first leg. When asked if a move was close, he said with a chuckle: “Toni Rudiger? Toni who? Who’s this? He’s still a Chelsea player. I can’t say anything about this.” The 29-year-old is understood to have reached an agreement with the La Liga giants on a four-year deal as his high-profile move gathers pace. Reports in Spain suggest a deal will be finalised by the end of this week, although no announcement will be made until after the season has ended. READ MORE: Kounde's view on joining Chelsea has not changed  The Chelsea star's current deal expires at the end of June and despite several attempts to agree new terms from the club's side, the Germany international has opted to leave for pastures new. Real have seen off competition from Barcelona, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain to land the Champions League winner. The west London club had been keen to keep Rudiger after becoming one of the most consistent defenders in Europe over the past 12 months. But his demands, said to exceed £230,000-a-week on offer from Chelsea, were too high to meet due to the sanctions placed upon the club by the UK government. Blues head coach Though Tuchel admitted he wanted to keep Rudiger at the club and losing such an influential figure in the squad would be a hammer blow: "He is a key figure and will stay that way until the end of the season. But it is disappointing. We will miss him a lot," he said. DON'T MISSTchouameni has already made 'flattered' admission amid Liverpool linkChelsea boss Tuchel slammed in furious Pulisic rantFour players Tuchel will target as Chelsea takeover set to go through  "He gives courage in the dressing room. The kind everyone is afraid of, but the kind to play 50-55 games at an outstanding level. He is a top defender in the last one and a half years for me. We then need to find another solution." It is widely expected Chelsea will move to sign two central defenders this summer, with Andreas Christensen also set to depart on a free transfer. Sevilla's Jules Kounde has been Tuchel's top target for some now, while speculation persists that the west London outfit may bid for RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol, 20. Any transfer will have to be put on hold until the club's takeover is finalised, with three bidders left in the running including Chicago Cubs co-owner Todd Boehly, Sir Martin Broughton and Boston Celtics owner Stephen Pagliuca. With the process set to be completed by the end of the season, Tuchel can begin planning for life after Rudiger. 