Daniil Medvedev revealed he felt ‘like a fish on the sofa’ as he fell to Hubert Hurkacz at the Miami Open. The Russian, who was the top seeded player at the event, delivered the sensational quote after missing the chance to return to the top of the world rankings. On Thursday, Medvedev missed the opportunity to snatch back world number one status from Novak Djokovic as he lost in the quarter-finals of the Miami tournament. The 26-year-old lost to reigning champion Hurkacz 7-6 (9-7) 6-3. Medvedev was clearly struggling throughout, citing dizziness and an inability to regain his breath as the conditions affected his performance. The issues seemingly transferred to the locker room as cramps set in on the world number two. Speaking about the experience, Medvedev discussed how he addressed the pain. The Russian tried pushing electrolytes, taking medication recommended by a doctor and going for a shower in order to not sit down. READ MORE: Novak Djokovic confirmed to play four major tournaments this year “It was good advice to stand up, because I was like sitting down, really tired, and then suddenly every muscle just went cramp, cramp, cramp, cramp,” Medvedev said. “I was like a fish on the sofa.” It is not the first time Medvedev has referenced fish in his career. After defeating Djokovic to secure his first Grand Slam title at the US Open, he pulled off the ‘dead fish’ celebration from iconic video game FIFA. DON'T MISSCam Norrie reliant on Daniil Medvedev to seal career-high top 10 debutDaniil Medvedev warned of three tools Hubert Hurkacz can exposeSinner retires Miami match a day after overcoming Kyrgios outburst Medvedev’s loss to Hurkacz in Miami closes an inconsistent run in North America. The Russian fell to Rafael Nadal in the semi-finals of the Mexican Open before becoming the first player outside the ‘big four’ to become world number one in over 18 years. He then went 1-1 in his first tournament as the No 1, losing to Gael Monfils in the third round of Indian Wells. His slip up allowed Djokovic to reclaim top spot in the rankings. Regardless, Medvedev is hunting for his first ATP title on clay in the coming weeks. It will be another step on his career path after Medvedev added the first grass court title of his career when he won in Mallorca last year.