H&M, which has 5,000 stores globally, is set to close stores in "established markets" and open stores in "growth markets". In totally, there will be 145 fewer stores. H&M Group already confirmed plans to shut 250 stores globally last summer, as part of its recovery strategy from the pandemic. Following the onset of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, H&M closed 185 stores in Russia. It also stopped online sales to Russia. Russia was the retailer's sixth largest market, representing four percent of worldwide sales. READ MORE: Prince George is not ‘a spoiled child’ - expert analysis As well as the ongoing conflict, H&M have based their decision to close stores on the current climate of shopping. Following the pandemic, shopping habits have changed enormously. Indeed, the Swedish chain said the closures were in response to more customers shopping online. In its financial update last summer, H&M Group reported a 75 percent rise in net sales from April to June, compared with the same period in the year before. Net sales were around £392million, with profit increasing to £303million in the second quarter. Despite shops opening again with the global easing of restrictions, online shopping is something people have taken with them from the pandemic. H&M's Chief Executive Helena Helmersson said of the retailer's post-pandemic future: “With the combination of much-appreciated collections, rapid adaptation and further improvements, our recovery is strong. "Despite continued restrictions, sales increased significantly compared with the previous year. “The third quarter has started well and we are almost back at the level we were at before the pandemic." She concluded: "Together with profitable online growth and continued store optimisation this will contribute to long-term, profitable and sustainable growth for the H&M group.” The store restructuring comes as other fashion retailer's revamp their models. For example, retail giant Primark launched its first online website. A new innovation allows shoppers to automatically check stock in stores. This further reduces the need for consumers to leave their homes in order to make purchases. It will use a traffic light system to keep customers up to date; if an item has a green light, it is in stock, while orange means there are a few left. Finally, red means that the item is sold out but will be returning.