According to figures published by the City of London Corporation, the governing body of London’s financial district the Square Mile, 114 investments totalling nearly £600 million were made in first from both financial and professional services. This means London is beating strong competition from Singapore, New York and Paris. A third of the investment was made up of financial technology firms, while nearly a fifth went to technology companies that support them. The closest competitor was Dubai, whose financial and professional services received 104 investments. This is compared to 103 for Singapore, 54 in New York and 53 in Paris. When comparing countries as a whole for financial and professional services investment, Britain is second only to the largest economy in the world, the US. UK-based firms attracted £1.3 billion in investment last year, with Belfast and Manchester particularly attracting investors. Vincent Keaveny, lord mayor of London, said: “Despite the challenges of the pandemic, the UK’s financial and professional services sector has proven resilient. “The UK’s offer to global investors continues to go from strength to strength due to its unique combination of time zone, language, legal system, global talent and financial services ecosystem.” Over the last five years, after 2016’s Brexit referendum, Britain has attracted investment from 64 countries. America is the main source of British investment, followed by Switzerland and Australia. Financial technology firms themselves have become substantial investors, making up a third of all investments. These include up and coming technology groups like Klarna, who provide consumers with a way to pay for goods over time. READ MORE: Brexit: Major shock as EU imports fall by a quarter [REVEAL] The pandemic did have an impact on investment in financial and professional services across the world, causing a sharp slowdown. The City of London Corporation said there had been a “steady recovery” last year. They added that investors, on average, committed more of their capital than they had done before the pandemic. Catherine McGuinness, who heads the City of London Corporation’s policy committee, said: “We must make sure we remain globally competitive.” This latest report confirms the prediction of Ivan Zhiznevskiy, head of banking company 3S money, who told Express.co.uk that Britain had become the “epicentre” of foreign investment. DON'T MISS: Piers Morgan eviscerates Nigel Farage for 'two faced weasel treachery' [REVEAL]Jeremy Corbyn's constituents furious at 'mad' NATO comments [INSIGHT]Brexit LIVE: Hated deal faces being SCRAPPED in historic showdown [ANALYSIS] Mr Zhizneskysaid the reason was partly that the UK offers something many EU countries do not - accessibility. He added that the UK had a “fantastic entrepreneurial spirit” that helped encourage investment. He said: “In London, it’s possible to be taken seriously as an outsider, but try phoning an EU bank and speaking with a non-native accent. London remains the most multicultural city in Europe.” The FinTech CEO was not sure if the surge of investment was a direct result of Brexit - but said that it certainly showed Brexit had not harmed Britain’s place in the global financial market.