Officers have now made more than 300 arrests in connection with the protests, costing the taxpayer in excess of £1million. The protest began a week ago today (Friday).  According to the police, the protesters tunnelled under access roads and glued themselves to tankers. The climate demonstrators are calling on the Government to halt new oil and gas projects to keep to its net zero targets, despite rising fuel costs. Essex Police made a further two arrests last night in the Thurrock area. This morning, the force recorded a group of protesters arriving in London Road, near Purfleet docks.   Essex Police arrested 63 people and road has been re-opened, it said. Police believe the protesters are targeting areas and logistical routes used by energy distribution companies. Essex Police said in a statement that the force had dealt with the arising situations "in a fair and balanced way". Deputy Chief Constable Andy Prophet praised the local communities affected, as well as Thurrock Council, the East of England Ambulance Service and the Essex fire service for their coordinated work.   He added that the work of police “has not eliminated the disruption but has kept it to a minimum. Fuel transportation has continued and there is no need for any panic buying. “This has put a real strain on the force. One of the things I’m focussed on is what more the fuel companies can do to protect their infrastructure, perhaps using private security. “If those measures are put in place, policing can deal with these incidents quicker and further reduce the disruption being caused. “We know the people of Essex would prefer officers to be able to focus on the job of stopping crime and arresting criminals and to be perfectly honest, so do I.   “To be clear, we are not in any way anti-protest; there is a right to protest but there is no right to commit crime.” Activists from Just Stop Oil and Extinction Rebellion have been demonstrating in Essex this week, including blocking access to oil terminals. Police stressed that protesters were only arrested if officers suspected they had broken the law. Elsewhere, in Warwickshire, police said officers had arrested 88 people following a demonstration at an oil depot in Kingsbury.   Hertfordshire Police said it arrested 41 people in connection with protests at Buncefield Oil Terminal in Hemel Hempstead. In the early hours of Wednesday, Just Stop Oil activists reportedly entered the Navigator oil terminal in Thurrock - one of the country's busiest terminals.   Activists were said to have climbed on top of tankers and pipes inside in order to disrupt supply. 