HMS Audacious is one of the UK’s newest submarines and is considered one of the world’s most deadly underwater vehicles. The Astute class vessel is a hunter-killer submarine used for attacking and sinking other subs and surface ships with its torpedoes and is capable of attacking land targets with its Tomahawk cruise missiles. Arriving for its first visit to The Rock, the 97-metre-long vessel docked alongside the USS Georgia. Audacious is capable of striking targets up to 1,200km from the coast with pinpoint accuracy. The vessel is also capable of producing its own oxygen and fresh water from sea water, meaning it is capable of sustaining long missions without needing to come up for air. The arrival of the vessel comes after Putin banned Boris Johnson and several other members of the Cabinet from ever entering Russia.    Russia's foreign ministry said in a statement: “In connection with the unprecedented hostile actions of the British government, expressed, in particular, in the imposition of sanctions against top officials of the Russian Federation, a decision was made to include key members of the British government and a number of political figures in the Russian 'stop list'. “In the near future, this list will be expanded to include British politicians and parliamentarians who contribute to whipping up anti-Russian hysteria.” Under the nation’s latest sanctions, Chancellor Rishi SUnak, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss, Defence Secretary Ben Wallance, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, Home Secretary Priti Patel and Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab are all banned from entering Russia. The Foregin Office has not yet responded to the banning, but a Government spokesperson has issued a statement denouncing the Russian invasion. READ MORE: Russia bans Boris, Truss, Sunak and Patel from entering country  They said: “The UK and our international partners stand united in condemning the Russian government’s reprehensible actions in Ukraine and calling for the Kremlin to stop the war. “We remain resolute in our support for Ukraine.” The Kremlin has previously singled out the Prime Minister as the “most active” opponent of the war in Ukraine in a threatening message to Britain. Dmitry Peskov, a Russian spokesperson who has been sanctioned by the UK, said: “As for Mr Johnson, we see him as the most active participant in the race to be anti-Russian. DON'T MISS:EU and Germany are mired in the blood of Ukrainians [REVEAL]Putin plunged into crisis as Russia Orthodox churches turns on Kremlin [INSIGHT]Germany shamed over 'ridiculous' Russian gas claim [REPORT]  “It will lead to a foreign policy dead end.”  The arrival of the HMS Audacious also comes after the sinking of Russia’s military flagship. Putin has remained tight-lipped over the exact number who died when the Moskva sank on Thursday, although Ukrainian officials estimate as many as 450 Russians may have perished. The Kremlin has refused to provide details on casualties, but has reneged on initial claims that all 510 crew members were evacuated. Russian military officials and state TV commentators have not given a clear explanation about the sinking, offering contradictory claims about the incident. The sinking of Russia’s crown jewel of the fleet has become the most “significant and symbolic” humiliation for President Vladimir Putin yet.  