Monday is set to stay warm and settled for much of the country, but forecasters say Tuesday will see a return to poor conditions for parts of the UK. According to WXCharts, after a warm Monday, Tuesday sees rain return to Scotland, Northern Ireland and parts of England. At 9am, light rain up to 1mm an hour will feature over Belfast, as well as in areas the south of England such as Kent and Bournemouth. The heaviest rains on Tuesday will feature in Devon, where up to 3mm of rain falls at 3pm. Wednesday then returns to mostly clear skies and warm temperatures, before clouds move in over Wales and the midlands by 6am on Thursday. Paul Michaelwaite, Netweather.tv director, said for the agency’s website: “As we head back to work after the long weekend, Tuesday will be another day of sunny spells and scattered showers. “These perhaps most prevalent over the northern half of Scotland and southern half of England. “Into midweek and beyond, we're then set to enter into something of a stand-off. “With high pressure to the northeast and eventually also north of the country trying to control things, but with low pressure still wanting to have a say. “Wednesday will be something of a transition day, as the high starts to take more control, blocking low pressure to the west from making any progress eastwards. READ MORE: Boris heads to India for £28BILLION trade deal “Any showers will be fewer and further between. But, east or southeast winds will be picking up as the day progresses, meaning it'll be western parts starting to see the best of the warmth. “Those easterlies will be making their presence felt during Thursday and Friday with more cloud being pulled in off of the North Sea, along with a threat of some showers as low pressure moves closer by to the south of the UK. “That extra cloud will mean eastern parts will be much cooler than of late - with some coastal districts potentially struggling to get out of single figures. “Further west there should be more in the way of sunshine and in turn warmth, with highs into the mid, perhaps high-teens where the sun can get to work for any length of time.” DON'T MISS Ukraine LIVE: Putin's horror torture chamber exposed 'Harry's expression says it all!' Sussexes body language analysed Britain's most powerful nuclear submarine arrives in Gibraltar Marco Petagna, a senior meteorologist at the Met Office, said rain would push in from the west overnight on Monday, which would be “weakening” as it went, so the east may stay dry. He said: “The idea is temperatures gradually just creeping down each day for the next few days across the UK. “The farther south and south-east you go the better chances to stay fine again, but [it will be] slightly cooler [on Monday] at 19 in the south-east, low to mid-teens elsewhere.” The Met Office also holds that Monday will see “sunny spells for most, but cloudier for parts of the north and west and at first across the SE”. It added for Monday: “Some showers in the north and west. Cooler than of late.” The Met Office then said in its outlook for Tuesday to Thursday: “Dry for most with sunny spells. Chance of catching the odd shower, most likely Tuesday and Wednesday in the south. “Temperatures near normal, but feeling cooler on the east coast.”