The comments come as a Russian official has offered a sinister warning in response to the idea saying they would seek to “rebalance the situation” due to a threat to their security. Alexander Stubb, the former Prime Minister of Finland revised a previous statement he made, where he predicted the application could take months.  He tweeted: “In the beginning of the war I said that Putin’s aggression will drive Finland and Sweden to apply for NATO membership. “I said it was not a matter of days or weeks, but months. Time to revise: Finland will apply within weeks, latest May.” He added: “Sweden to follow, or at the same time.” Mr Stubb’s timeline may be proven correct as a senior official from the US State Department declared on Thursday that the possibility of Finland and Sweden gaining NATO membership was discussed between foreign ministers of NATO in Brussels. The official said: “Obviously this is going to be those countries’ choices to make.  “The alliance’s door remains open and there was discussion about that potential candidacy.” Finland’s Foreign Minister Pekka Haavisto spoke to reporters after attending the meeting in Brussels on Thursday and said the country will clarify next steps over the coming weeks in regard to NATO membership. In accordance with Mr Stubb’s proposed timeline, Mr Haavisto said: “There is an important NATO summit in Madrid in June. “Of course, NATO is wondering whether Finland and possibly Sweden will have submitted their membership applications before that.” READ MORE: Putin plot to WIPE OUT Ukraine - entirely from the map Finland shares an 810 mile border with Russia and Mr Haavisto noted their concerns over Russia’s risk taking with military operations and the quick mobilisation of 100,000 troops against a neighbour country. The Minister hinted at NATO support saying: “There we come to a situation in which we may need cooperation”. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov issued an ominous warning on Sky News about Sweden and Finland seeking and achieving NATO membership. After being told that NATO appears to be stronger now than before the Russian military operation that partly began after Ukraine considered NATO membership, Mr Peskov agreed and suggested it proved his point that NATO is a confrontational not peaceful alliance and Russia would have to react accordingly. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you think privatisation of Channel 4 is 'revenge' for Brexit? (POLL)Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event (PICTURES)VDL hammered for 'not even trying' with new Russia sanctions (REACTION)  The Kremlin spokesperson said: “And so we have to rebalance this situation and we have to take additional measure to ensure our own security because we’re still convinced that NATO is a machine for confrontation, it’s not a peaceful alliance. “It’s a very unfortunate situation but we have to take it into account.” He added: “We’ll have to make our western flank more sophisticated in terms of ensuring our security.” On Tuesday, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said that Finland and Sweden would be “welcomed” into NATO and suggested they would seek to “address the concerns they may have about this interim period between having applied and until the last ratification (by allies) has taken place.” 