Erik ten Hag has been labelled a 'perfectionist' as part of a bizarre story hinting at the demands he'd make of his squad if Manchester United appointed him their new manager. Ten Hag has made a name for himself in Germany and Holland over the last decade by using unconventional methods behind the scenes. After a successful interview, the 52-year-old is currently the favourite to beat his main competitor Mauricio Pochettino to the United job this summer. A second round of talks is expected with both leading candidates before the club select their next 'chosen one'. Ten Hag started his coaching career 10 years ago after Marc Overmars presented him with the opportunity to manage Go Ahead Eagles. In his first and only season at the club, they gained promotion to the Dutch Eredivisie for the first time in 17 years. His success prompted a move to Bavaria in 2013, where he was appointed Bayern Munich II manager as Pep Guardiola arrived in the senior set-up. And those close to him have emphasised his craving for perfection before achieving further success at Utrecht and Ajax. According to Sportsmail, Ten Hag is considered 'kind and warm-hearted' behind the scenes, but he won't compromise on his pursuit of football excellence. JUST IN: Alli gets Lampard support as Everton boss slams Collymore One particular story stresses Ten Hag's desire for perfection off the pitch, just as much as on it. The Dutchman is said to have demanded his Bayern II players wear the same clothes on a match day. Not just club tracksuits, but down to their shoes and socks. He also wouldn't put a time limit on training sessions and stay on the pitch until players showcased his ideas to an extent with which he was content. Ex-Bayern II defender Matthias Strohmaier has opened up on Ten Hag's philosophy and the attention to detail United stars could have to expect ahead of his arrival. He said: "I was a central defender under Erik. He is a very meticulous trainer and pays attention to every little detail all the time. But he taught me things about football that I had never heard of before. I definitely have good memories. READ MORE: Chelsea team news: Expected line-up vs Brentford with Madrid tie ahead "You would stand with him every now and then for three hours on the training ground and do tactics work. As a player, you like to question that. But then there are moments in the game where you notice that the things you worked on came off. That was unique. "I improved as a player so much because I learned so much about football under him. No other trainer before or after has made me think about football in that way. I still exchange ideas with him from time to time and that also shows a strong personality. "Success hasn't gone to his head. I don't know how much he worked with Pep Guardiola but, for sure, they have an intense love for football and they would have spoken about it a lot because they see things the same way." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.