Weeds can often be found on paths, driveways and patios, making them look weathered and unkempt. When weeds do take root in paths, they can set seed and spread throughout the garden. David Hurrion, an expert from BBC Gardeners’ World Magazine, has explained how to eradicate weeds from a path in a Quick Tips video. The gardening expert said gardeners should aim to remove weeds from pathways and borders before they have a chance to set seed. He said: “The best way to reduce the problem is to remove any weeds in the path and from the neighbouring borders before they get chance to set seed. “It’s also a good idea to sweep up any moss or soil that’s accumulated on the path where the seeds could germinate. “In this way, you will find annual weeds such as chickweed and bittercress are easy to control with hand weeding or perhaps hoeing. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home shows 'shift from royalty'  “Or, if you really want to look like a superhero, a flame gun weeder.” Mr Hurrion explained the “best way” to remove “well-established” perennial weeds is to use a systemic action weed killer. He continued: “Perennial weeds like dandelions and plantains are tougher, however, to eradicate. “Once they’ve become really well-established the best way to treat them is to apply a systemic action weed killer to the leaves and that will be taken down into the plant to kill it at the roots.”  DON'T MISSLaundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [INSIGHT]Shower cleaning: How to remove shower screen limescale - ‘never fails’ [UPDATE]‘Effective’ way to ‘avoid weed infestations’ in the garden [ANALYSIS] Systemic weedkillers kill from the inside out. Gardeners spray the product onto leaves which is then absorbed and moved throughout the whole plant. Annual weeds germinate from seed, grow for a year and then die. However, before they die, they produce and release seeds to create more plants the following year. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea This is why it’s important to try and remove annual weeds before they set seed, otherwise you could end up with more weeds next year. Perennial weeds are tougher to remove and can live a lot longer. They can live for two years or longer and survive winter by storing food in their roots. Perennial weeds’ roots can also be harder to dig out because they spread underground. Examples of perennial weeds include spear thistle, red valerian, dandelion, bind weeds, brambles, nettles and docks.  The reason weeds are problematic is they can reduce the yield and quality of crops. Weeds compete with other plants for air, water, sunlight and nutrients. Some experts suggest using vinegar, baking soda, lemon juice or hot water to remove weeds. However, it’s always best to research how certain weed killers will impact the surrounding environment and plants before applying.