It is the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been in Britain together since quitting as senior royals in March 2020. The visit was said to have been kept from some of the Queen’s closest advisers. Harry and Meghan, who were on their way to the Invictus Games in Holland, also met Prince Charles. It is understood that they left for the Netherlands last night. Windsor visitors at yesterday’s traditional Maundy Thursday ceremony were taken aback when they spotted Harry, 37, and Meghan, 40. One said: “I couldn’t believe it when I saw who it was. We waved and they waved back. “They looked happy and relaxed and waved to everyone on the bus.” The Sussexes moved to the US in 2020. Harry, who has claimed he “does not feel safe in the UK”, is taking legal action against the Government over the removal of his armed bodyguards. Ingrid Seward, editor-in-chief of Majesty Magazine, said of the Windsor visit: “It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. “After everything that has gone on, it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. “Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen, ­ as it is about forgiveness. “She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms.” It is not clear if Harry and Meghan’s children Archie, two, and 11-month-old daughter Lilibet, travelled with them. Harry, who missed Prince Philip’s Westminster Abbey memorial service on March 29, had promised ­ he would see the Queen “as soon ­ as possible”. Meanwhile, Charles, 73, followed the tradition of distributing Maundy coins to people who have provided Christian comfort and help to the elderly and needy. He handed out the coins to 96 men and 96 women – as the Queen will be 96 on Thursday. Muriel Davies, 99, who served in the Women’s Land Army during the Second World War, was recognised for her 50 years of fundraising for the RNLI in her home townof Bolton. Wishing her a happy 100th birthday for July, he said: “It’s lovely that you’re here today.” William Sanderson, 101, from Alresford, Hants, who has ­distributed Christian books for 70 years, said: “To be in the presence of royalty is just overwhelming.” Each recipient received two purses, one red and one white. The white is filled with minted Maundy money – silver 10p and 3p pieces – to the value of 96p. In the red is a £5 coin and a 50p coin portraying the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The Royal Maundy service originates in the commandment Christ gave after washing disciples’ feet the day before Good Friday. Meanwhile, sources suggested the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are unlikely to be at Windsor ­on Sunday. It is thought William and Kate have been on a skiing holiday in Courchevel, France, with their children and Kate’s sister, Pippa, 38.