Mr Arbiter discussed the news of the latest visit from The Duke and Duchess of Sussex after two years of tension with the rest of the Royal family. The royal expert argued Prince Harry and Meghan Markle rubbished the Royal Family with claims of racism during the Oprah Winfrey tell-all interview last year March but have been signalling they are ready for a reunion. Mr Arbiter claimed that the couple had a long way to go before they would be accepted back into the fold that is the Royal family. He also spoke of the deep hurt the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had both caused the Queen with their behaviour over the past few years. Mr Arbiter told Today: "Well you can only hope so, there's a lot of water that's flown under the bridge. "You know, We cannot forget that interview that they did with Oprah Winfrey, where quite frankly both of them rubbished the Royal family. "Both of them rubbished the Queen, rubbished Prince of Wales and that really did hurt them deeply. "So there's a lot to be overcome before they're welcomed back into the fold but I suppose this must be seen as a step in the right direction."  JUST IN: Boris Johnson charges on with ‘cruel’ Rwanda plan with hopes to begin flights ‘in weeks’     But political commentator Calvin Robinson slammed the royal couple claiming they are more focused on their Hollywood life than on their previous royal one. Mr Robinson told Sky News: “He's willing to align himself with virtue signallers and celebrity culture but he cannot go home to mourn the loss of a loved national figure. “It really is sad because you would just think he would be there for the Queen at the very least.” "He's ruthless, he's off the lead as it were, and nothing will stop him to get what he wants."   READ MORE:Air raid sirens and explosions ringing across Ukraine following sinking of Moskva warship     The backlash came after both decided to step away from their Royal duties and focus more on their own individual careers away from the Royal family. Royal expert Ingrid Seward shared in Mr Arbiter's assessment, claiming that the meeting at Windsor Castle was an olive branch. Speaking to the Sun, she said: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor.  "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms."  Prince Harry and Meghan Markle flew in for a quick visit, despite backlash from missing Prince Philip's memorial service earlier this month. The royal couple are now on their way to the Netherlands, as both are attending the Invictus Games tomorrow.