Six out of 10 people in Great Britain say they would “rather be a citizen of Britain than of any country in the world,” according to polling by Ipsos. This was true for 70 percent of 55-75 year olds and 76 percent of those who voted Conservative at the last election. When asked what makes them most proud to be British, 62 percent named the NHS, ahead of “our history” (34 percent), the Royal Family (31 percent), and the armed forces (26 percent). There was less enthusiasm for our culture and arts (19 percent), our system of democracy (18 percent), the BBC and British sports teams (both 14 percent), having a free press and media (13 percent) or our position in the world (10 percent) – and just five percent said British business was a top source of pride. The research also sheds light on attitudes to St George’s Day among people in England. Nearly two-thirds of people (63 percent) could correctly identify when England’s patron saint is honoured but 21 percent said they did not know. The Irish may be alarmed to learn that eight percent of the respondents thought St George’s Day is March 17, when St Patrick’s memory is toasted. Half of people in England (51 percent) said they planned to do something to celebrate St George’s Day. The most popular activity was going for drinks in the pub (23 percent), ahead of getting together with friends or family (22 percent) or going for a meal in a local restaurant (14 percent). Twelve percent said they would attend a local community event (12%) and nine percent anticipated dressing their house in red and white flags. Nearly seven out of 10 (69 percent) of people thought displaying the red and white England flags on houses, cars, pubs and shops was a healthy expression of national pride. The share of people who feel the same way if the flag is displayed when England is playing in the World Cup has jumped from 57 percent in 2013 to 68 percent. However, 17 percent said that seeing the flag displayed on a normal day of the year was a “worrying expression of English nationalism” – up from 11 percent in 2013. This was the opinion of 28 percent of 16-34-year olds, 30 percent of Labour voters, and 25 percent of Remain voters. Gideon Skinner, head of political research at Ipsos, said: “Despite the issues facing the country, most of us are still proud to be British, with the NHS in particular acting as a unifying force across all groups of society as something to believe in – especially so given the experiences of the pandemic. We may even be seeing some impact from the feel-good factor around Gareth Southgate’s England team with an increase in the proportion who think flying the St George’s flag during a World Cup is just a healthy expression of English pride. “Overall, this is a reminder that it is only a minority who do not feel proud to be British – but there are still some potential fault lines.  For example, different generations and different ends of the political spectrum have different views when it comes to Britain’s history and system of democracy.”