The Flight Attendant season two is arriving on Thursday, April 21 with Kaley Cuoco back as Cassie Bowden. The former Big Bang Theory star is heading up the second outing, which will air on HBO Max in the US. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what time the new episodes will air on TV. The dark comedy series ended with Cassie clearing her name in the mysterious murder case. The second outing sees Cassie living in LA and she has moved on with a new partner. Still working for the airline, she also takes on the part-time role of a CIA asset. She finds herself witnessing yet another murder, in which she becomes entangled. In the US, two episodes of season two will arrive on HBO Max at 3am Eastern Time on April 21. READ MORE: Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco opens up on major change to Penny The second season is made up of eight episodes, with two more instalments airing on April 28. The remaining episodes will be released weekly, with the season concluding on May 26. For fans watching in Canada, they can catch up via the streaming service Crave. Over in the UK, the series will be released in its entirety on Sky Max and NOW, but not until May 26. In Australia, the new episodes will air on the streaming service Binge, and they will follow the same release schedule as HBO Max. A trailer for the new series has been released and it shows Cassie embracing her new life. She has quit the alcohol and has a new home along with a new man. Yet she finds her world turned upside down yet again when her job at the CIA lands her in trouble. Some new faces are joining the cast of season two, including Sharon Stone as Cassie's mother, Lisa. Santiago Cabrera plays Marco, Cassie's new boyfriend. DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield slams Prince Harry's 'protection' remark [VIDEO] Kate Garraway says Brits annoyed at Harry and Meghan's camera crew [DISCUSSION] Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco recalls 'wild' slap by HBO co-star [INSIGHT] Shohreh Aghdashloo plays Brenda, Cassie's AA sponsor. Mo McRae is CIA officer Benjamin Berry and Cheryl Hines plays Benjamin's boss Dot. Callie Hernandez stars as bounty hunter Gabrielle Diaz with J.J. Soria as Esteban Diaz, Gabrielle’s partner. Also joining the cast are Margaret Cho, Alanna Ubach, Jessie Ennis and Mae Martin. Ahead of the trailer airing, Cuoco told fans it will be "one trip [they] will never forget". Cassie is heard saying: "My life and everything, it just all feels pretty great. "As I quit drinking I have been making changes." Her friends and colleagues are delighted to see how far she has come, but they still do not know the real Cassie. This is until she is forced to reveal she is an asset for the CIA.  The Flight Attendant season 2 arrives in the US at 3am on April 21, on HBO Max. The series will drop in the UK on Sky Max and NOW on May 26.