Moss grows on the lawn due to a combination of moisture in the lawn and weak grass. It is important to remove moss from the grass in order to help it grow strong and healthy. Carlos Real, Lawn expert and managing director of lawn care product manufacturer TotalLawn, said: “Moss thrives in cold, wet and dark conditions, which is why it takes control of lawns in winter months. “Don’t leave untreated, it can kill all of your lawn, so you’re left with nothing but a thick carpet of moss, rather than luscious green grass. “The best time to eradicate your moss problem is when it’s actively growing, which tends to be springtime, so there really is no time like present to get started.” According to the expert, gardeners can recognise moss by its spongy appearance ranging in colour from yellow to dark green. It typically first appears close to the soil, hidden by the grass. READ MORE: ‘Now it’s like new’: Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean car seats Carlos added: “If you have a lot of moss, you simply need to kill it. “This is done with a heavy dose of Iron Sulphate, which is a key ingredient in many moss killing products and can eliminate moss in just a few days. “After applying this, the moss should turn black within two to three days, then it’s ready for removal. “To remove dead moss, it’s simply a job of raking it from the lawn with a handheld rake, and discarding. DON'T MISS:Property for sale? Noisy neighbours could reduce house price by £23k [COMMENT]Mrs Hinch fans share how to clean ‘grim’ discoloured pillows - ‘great’ [INSIGHT]Potatoes: ‘Important tip’ when choosing a potato variety to grow [EXPERT] “To avoid spreading it further, avoid raking the moss too far and instead take a refuse bag to collect up the remnants at the source. “You’ll be surprised at just how much moss comes out of the ground.” Once all the moss has been removed, gardeners can overseed the patches. The expert said: “In no time, you’ll have a nice clean lawn again that’s full of grass instead of moss.” In areas where the patches aren’t too bad, Carlos recommended leaving them for the lawn to naturally fill in the gaps. Carlos added: “To achieve a beautiful green lawn, add a green-up treatment. “With these you can see results in as little as two hours, and it won’t affect any other treatments or feeds you might be using.” Moss is easy to eliminate temporarily at any time of the year. However to prevent moss from taking hold in the first place, the expert advised gardeners to maintain their lawn all year round. Carlos said: “This means feeding and mowing your lawn at regular intervals. “Try to use a feed which contains Iron, as even a small amount can make a huge difference.” As the weather gets warmer, gardeners will be mowing their lawns more often due to the grass growing faster. Experts recommend it is cut once a week when the weather is hot.