With money tight for many and others conscious of reusing items and reducing waste, experts have shared top tips on how to decorate your home on a budget. The team at NetVoucherCodes.co.uk recommended keeping glass jars to reuse, getting free wallpaper samples from the shop as well as repainting furniture to give it a new lease of life. A spokesperson for NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: “Now with spring well and truly here and summer on the way, homeowners are looking for ways to change up their homes without spending a fortune. “Money is tight for most of us right now so the cheaper we can do this, the better. We’ve found 10 ways to decorate various rooms in the house for cheap, or even free.” One way homeowners can decorate their home without spending a fortune is to frame free prints. A lot of prints online are free and they can be hung in old frames to help give a room a facelift. READ MORE: Simple ways to let more light in your home - clean windows What’s more, they can easily be changed when changing the colour scheme of a room. The experts said: “Recycle old jars too. Give old glass jars or wine bottles a good wash and fill them with flowers or use them as candle holders. “Alternatively fill them with fairy lights for a magical look. “Homeowners can also make garlands. Cut out heart shapes on different coloured pieces of paper or card and fix them to long pieces of string, either just at one end or going down the string, a few centimetres apart. DON'T MISS:Monty Don: How to deadhead plants in April [COMMENT]Lawn: The ‘key’ for healthy grass is the ‘one-third rule’ [EXPLAINER]‘Household drinks’ to use when watering the garden [INSIGHT] “Fit the pieces of string to a piece of card or tape at the other end, and hang the finished garlands up on your wall or down windows.” For those wanting a new wall design, the experts recommended using newspaper. This can be done by drawing a design onto old newspaper sheets and fixing them to a wall for a “quirky focus piece”. The experts added: “Most DIY shops let you take samples from wallpaper rolls for free. “Choose a few that go with your decor and add matching frames to make interesting wall art. “Turn objects into wall art too. Gather a collection of objects you already own, such as baskets or hats, and mount them on the wall to create a striking arrangement. “Consider it as a unique spin on the gallery wall.” With many choosing to upcycle pieces of furniture rather than buying new, the experts suggested repainting furniture to give it a new lease of life. They said: “Paint is a must have tool for budget decorating, but it should be restricted to walls. “It can also be used to give dated furniture and accessories a much needed lift. Try repainting wood furniture in an eye-catching colour to instantly modernise an ageing piece. “If you have plain white tiles in the bathroom or kitchen, invest in some budget tile paint and give them, and the room, a new lease of life.” Moving the furniture around could also help to make a space feel brand new. It could also highlight any pieces of furniture that homeowners no longer need, helping them to make some money too. The experts added: “Also add patterns to any shelving units. “Upgrade mundane shelves with a boldly patterned backdrop. Wallpaper, fabric, and wrapping paper remnants are all ideal for lining the backs of bookcases of built-in shelves.”