Hungarian Secretary of State for International Communication and Relations, Zoltan Kovacs, quoted Hungarian Prime Minister Orban saying: "We don't have any difficulty paying in rubles, if the Russians ask us to, we pay in rubles." Putin had previously demanded that payments for Russian gas from "unfriendly countries" be made in rubles. Mr Orban's comments came after he secured a fourth consecutive term in power after a landslide election victory on Sunday. Hungary, an EU member state, is heavily reliant on Russian energy and has so far avoided condemning Putin's invasion of Ukraine. In his victory speech, Mr Orban described Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky as an "opponent" he had to overcome during the campaign. On Monday, Moscow congratulated Orban on his win, with a Kremlin spokesperson saying: "Despite the difficult international situation, the further development of bilateral partnership fully meets the interests of Russia and Hungary." Putin had previously threatened to cut off contracts with nations that refused to pay for gas in rubles.  He said: "In order to purchase Russian natural gas, they must open ruble accounts in Russian banks. "It is from these accounts that payments will be made for gas delivered starting from tomorrow (Friday). "If such payments are not made, we will consider this a default on the part of buyers, with all the ensuing consequences." He added: "Nobody sells us anything for free, and we are not going to do charity either - that is, existing contracts will be stopped." But European countries hit out at Putin's demands, with Germany describing it as "blackmail". Germany's Finance Minister Robert Habeck said: "It is important for us not to give a signal that we will be blackmailed by Putin." Meanwhile, Boris Johnson said the UK is "not looking" to submit to Putin's demands. Russia's threats over the supply of gas come in response to Western sanctions on the country, issued in response to Putin's invasion of Ukraine. DON'T MISS: Orban revolts against West as Hungary will pay Putin for gas in RUBLES [REVEAL] Putin's conscription will 'turn Russian cities into coffins' [INSIGHT] Macron humiliated as France 'fails to steal London's financial crown' [ANALYSIS] Western allies have imposed sanctions on Russian businesses, oligarchs and politicians with links to Putin's regime. They have also begun phasing out Russian oil and gas. The European Commission has pledged to cut its use of Russian gas by two-thirds by the end of 2022, with the longer-term goal of ending its reliance on Russian energy entirely by 2030. The EU as a whole imports about 40 percent of its gas from Russia and 27 percent of its oil The UK, which gets 4 percent of its gas and 8 percent of its oil from Russia, has pledged to phase out Russian oil imports by 2023 and explore ending gas imports. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said stopping imports of Russian oil by the end of 2022 was "another economic blow to the Putin regime".