Karenjeet Bains is set to star in the fifth episode of the new Women in Sport series, where she will be speaking live to the Express' assistant head of social Pandora Forsyth on Wednesday, April 6 (12pm). The show has already featured the likes of BT Sport presenter Jules Breach, Olympic boxing star Caroline Dubois and McLaren development driver Katie Milner as well as Express Sport’s very own tennis correspondent Yasmin Syed in our bid to highlight the crucial role women play in sport in support of the #SheCan movement. The series began at the start of March as Breach explained that opportunities for women in sport have increased, but admitted that more still needs to be done. Dubois then spoke about her journey to the top of women's boxing despite the difficult journey along the way which included having had to pretend to be male in the first gym in which she trained. Milner went on to tell Express Sport that she believes women will break into F1 in the next 10 years before Syed highlighted her experiences as a female in the world of tennis. Bains, who became the first female Sikh powerlifter to represent Team GB, is now set to be at the centre of the discussion and will speak about her career and her quest to drive change. Bains originally started her sporting career as a sprinter and took up powerlifting at the age of 17 to help make her faster. But she quickly changed her focus and decided to compete at powerlifting instead. “I’m Sikh and from a south Asian background so, in other more traditional mindsets, girls don’t have the same opportunities,” Bains said earlier this year. “My childhood was completely different to some of my friends. “If I’m talking super traditional - and I don’t want to generalise too much - but sometimes the traditional mindset is that boys do certain things, like sport, and girls do the household things - focus on your studies and don’t get distracted by sport. “But I never had that pressure in my family because I saw my dad encouraging my brothers - they are 10 years older than me and they were 400-metre hurdlers at national level.  “He also encouraged my mum into sport as well so he got her, as a masters athlete, into track and field. She won five golds and four silver medals at the Warwickshire Athletic Championships and she never got to do sport when she was younger because of the traditional mindset.” You can tune into the latest episode of Women In Sport on the Express Sport Facebook at 12pm on Wednesday by clicking HERE. 