Liverpool star Sadio Mane has been tipped to beat team-mate Mohamed Salah and Real Madrid star Karim Benzema to the Ballon d'Or this year. Former Aston Villa forward Gabriel Agbonlahor has hailed Mane for his performances so far in 2022. The Senegal star led his country to Africa Cup of Nations glory in February. His side beat Salah's Egypt on penalties in the final in Cameroon. Senegal have also qualified for the World Cup in Qatar later this year, with Egypt again on the wrong side of a penalty shootout defeat in the March play-off. Mane has hit top form for Liverpool since returning from the Africa Cup of Nations. He has scored nine goals in his last 15 club appearances as the Reds hunt an unprecedented quadruple. Salah is Liverpool's leading goalscorer this term with 30 strikes to his name, with Mane's tally of 19 third behind him and Diogo Jota. READ MORE: Harry Maguire injury update signals possible end to Man Utd spell  Real star Benzema is having his best season in front of goal, notching his 40th and 41st goals of the campaign in Tuesday's Champions League semi-final loss to Manchester City. But Agbonlahor believes Mane is ahead of everyone in the race for the Ballon d'Or later this year. “We will probably look at Benzema and [Robert] Lewandowski, but I’m looking at Sadio Mane,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. "He’s won the Africa Cup of Nations, got a chance of winning the Premier League, has won the Carabao Cup and could win the FA Cup and Champions League and he’s scored a lot of goals this season. “I know we’re looking at Benzema, but if they [Real Madrid] get knocked out by Man City then I think Mane would be the favourite to get it. I look at the way the Ballon d’Or is given, it includes trophies as well. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag has already made an exciting transfer request to Man Utd board [OPINION]Mohamed Salah leaving Liverpool could deliver huge blow to Erik ten Hag's Man Utd plans [TRANSFERS]Barcelona identify third summer transfer as vultures descend on Erik ten Hag's Ajax side [GOSSIP]  "Sadio Mane winning the Africa Cup of Nations, I’d put him above Mo Salah as well.” Earlier this month, following Liverpool's 2-2 Premier League draw with City, his manager Jurgen Klopp claimed Mane has become a true club legend. Klopp said: "Everyone who played for us on the day contributed to an important result, but I did want to pick out Sadio. It was his 30th birthday on the day of the game and he still looks as fresh and vibrant as when he joined this club as a younger professional. "He is a machine. What he has done for this club and continues to do puts him in the bracket of ‘legend’. For LFC and Senegal he is playing to his highest level possible."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here