Everton boss Frank Lampard has insisted that he won't hold back on the touchline against Liverpool ahead of Sunday's crunch Merseyside derby. Lampard was involved in a furious touchline bust-up with Jurgen Klopp when he last made the last trip to Anfield during his stint at Chelsea - in a clash where he even told the Reds chief to "f*** off". The 43-year-old - who clinched a top-four finish in his one full season in charge at Stamford Bridge - is now battling to keep Everton in the Premier League and is set for his first taste of the Merseyside derby. The Toffees head into the clash just a point clear of the relegation zone after Burnley's 2-0 win over Southampton in midweek. Lampard has insisted that he's cleared the air with Klopp since that fiery clash, but he admitted that he has to lead by example on the touchline on Sunday in must-win game for his side. He explained: “It was well meaning at the time, a bit misguided from my point of view. But I can’t preach to my players (about) staying on the right side of the line and then say it is fine for me to get it wrong. “I have seen Jurgen since then and everything is fine. We all get things wrong but move on because we understand the passion of the game.” READ MORE: Man Utd star Harry Maguire to be 'benched' by Ralf Rangnick for crunch Arsenal clash Liverpool have been in remarkable form as they chase down a second Premier League title in three years, with Lampard under no illusions over how tough the game is likely to be. However, he quashed any idea that he'd settle for a point. When asked, the Blues boss quipped: “What do you think?!” But he conceded that the Toffees would have to be at their best - and have to keep their emotions in check - to stand any chance of bagging a crucial result. He added: “We can’t go into a game like this without passion, fight and desire. We have to understand it’s difficult enough for us, to go there with 10 men it is nigh on impossible.” And Lampard was keen to underline that he and Klopp have buried the hatchet prior to the match - even if similar spats are likely to occur in the future. DON'T MISSMan Utd target Antony has clear summer plan after Erik ten Hag move confirmedKylian Mbappe to Real Madrid on the rocks as PSG ace breaks agreement with dizzying demandFive possible targets with Man Utd 'working on deal for young Premier League striker' “I wanted to say to him 'you've done it before!' It's a really genuine thing. I was watching Steven [Gerrard] talking to Gary Neville on tv earlier, and he was talking about similar things. You try to keep a hold on your emotions as a young manager, because you have the fire in your belly so much that sometimes that comes out as you might not want it. So it was just a little moment for me that hopefully every manager understands. “We all have our moments in different ways, and Jurgen was fine. I have absolutely no problem with him - I'll be competitive on the line on Sunday and I'm sure he will be the same. That is just the world we live in.” However, the Toffees boss couldn't resist stoking the flames ahead of the clash, bringing up Naby Keita's fortunate escape after a controversial challenge in Liverpool's resounding 4-0 win over Manchester United in midweek. Lampard added: “We expect players to be physical, but on the right side of the law. I hope the referee sees that. At Goodison we've had yellow cards become red cards. Maybe at Anfield it doesn't always work that way…we saw in the last game where a red card situation became a yellow card.”