As we approach the warmer, dryer seasons of the year, watering the plants is soon to become a much more essential part of garden upkeep. Britain is very well-acquainted with wet and dismal weather - a little too much so that many can often forget that regularly manually watering the plants will be necessary to ensure your garden blooms nicely, instead of relying on the rain. When it comes to watering, quality and quantity are both crucial factors in how well your garden blooms. So, the better and more calculated you are with your watering, the better your foliage will grow. Finetuning the method is also crucial for the environmental impact it poses. Water is a valuable resource and one we should preserve as much as possible. By watering the plants effectively - considering volumes and frequency, you can use the optimum amount to ensure your plants absorb as much as possible without wasting any water.  READ MORE: Gardening tips: ‘Easiest way’ to save money gardening - ‘free’ plants  April is known well for its showers, so frequently watering the garden doesn’t tend to be as much of a necessity in this month. Unless there’s unusually low rainfall, in which case you should start watering your garden earlier, May, is the best month to up the ante with the watering, as typically, we experience much warmer weather around this time. There are a number of factors that affect the frequency of which you do so, and this can vary from size, species and stage of growth, to texture, structure and compaction, according to the gardening charity Royal Horticultural Society (RHS).  But generally speaking, plants tend to utilise more water in the warmer months, meaning whatever your watering ritual is in the winter should definitely be increased over these next few months. Some signs that your plants may need more water include: DON'T MISS: Steps to ‘revive’ the grass this spring to create a ‘thicker’ lawn [ANALYSIS]How to get the Royalcore garden look – inspired by Bridgerton [INSIGHT]Garden pests: How to keep ‘destructive’ garden bugs at bay [EXPLAINED]     Early mornings are the best time of day to head out to water the plants, as this is when the sun comes up, which is the time the plants will start to use the water. RHS said: “The foliage and soil surface is also likely to stay drier for longer than evening watering, discouraging slugs, snails and mildew diseases. “Plants start to transpire in sunlight, drawing water from the soil, through their roots, up to their stems and out through tiny pores on their leaves called stomata.” “Watering in the heat of the day is not a good idea as much water is lost through evaporation from the surface of the soil and the plants will use water more efficiently if watered in the cooler parts of the day.” However, evening watering is fine as it tends to be cooler, meaning there’s less risk of losing any water to evaporation. 