According to body language expert Judi James, there were some similarities between how Sophie and Kate behaved during their respective tours – especially in relation to the children who lived in the villages they visited. But there were also “huge differences”. Focusing first on the two women’s similarities, Judi said: “Both Kate and Sophie represent UK royalty in an impeccable way, and on their tours here their body language is similar in terms of their ability to engage with people, especially children. “Both rate high in terms of signals of agreeableness and likeability. “Their auras project warmth, interest and empathy and both show authentic concern and a desire to learn when necessary. “Both love to get involved with projects or tasks that they see children doing on their visits and maybe even look their most comfortable when they are crouched down or bent over, communicating and listening to small children.” READ MORE: Cleaning: ‘Easiest’ way to remove mould from washing machine seals But the similarities between both women do not end there. Judi went on to say that Kate and Sophie “display slightly higher levels of social confidence than their husbands, and both seem to top up their husband’s levels of calmness and confidence”. She continued: “They both seem keen to indulge in some status-lowering signals at times, either standing with their hands or their bags clasped in front of their torsos or by joining in the fun like good sports during their visits.” In the photos and videos of the two royal tours, it seemed the women were chattier and more charismatic than their respective husbands. DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton re-wears cream Alexander McQueen coat dress [PICTURES]Weight loss: How to burn 3,000 calories without exercising [EXPERT]Lawn care: ‘Easy’ and natural way to get rid of weeds - 'Just 3 steps' [GUIDE] However, Judi noted the differences between Kate and Sophie. She said: “There are huge differences in their styles of personal charisma, and those differences are best defined by what is called the ‘sensation’ factor.” This refers to how the women “would make people feel around them”. Judi explained: “With her casually-pinned hair and her long, cool and comfortable-looking floral dresses, Sophie looks relatable, approachable and down-to-earth. “She manages to combine an air of regality with accessibility. “Kate, on the other hand, can’t help but look glossily special and impeccable. “Watching her dazzle in her evening gowns or stand looking immaculate on that royal Land Rover, you’d tend to forget the Kate who threw on shorts to join in the boat race. “She looks like the royal you’d get the best china out for, while Sophie looks like the royal who might stay to help with the washing-up,” Judi added. Sophie has completed four days of her and her husband’s royal tour of the Caribbean so far, and today is the couple’s fifth day in the archipelago. Yesterday, April 25, the Countess stepped out in two different outfits – once when she and Edward arrived in St John’s in Antigua and Barbuda, and secondly, a few hours later when the couple visited the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium. For both engagements, Sophie wore a floral dress. The first one was a white and blue number from Suzannah London, costing £1,150. The second dress, from Soler London, was bright blue and covered in multicoloured flowers.