Loose Women panellists Kaye Adams, 59, and Nadia Sawalha, 57, had fans laughing hysterically when they filmed a demonstration of going “crotch to crotch” after Kaye had a hilarious encounter during a trip to Florence, Italy, with her partner Ian Campbell. Recalling the incident on her podcast, How To Be 60, Kaye said she had spotted a young couple sitting on a wall. Setting the scene, she explained: “They were sitting legs out in front of each other wound around each other’s waist, crotch to crotch. “I was looking at them and I just started laughing uncontrollably.” Kaye said Ian asked her what she was laughing at, before she questioned: “What do you think the reaction would be if we got up on that wall, looking deep into each other’s eyes, crotch to crotch.” READ MORE:Dan Walker laments relationships with BBC Breakfast co-stars amid exit Following the funny revelation, Kaye’s fans were apparently baffled by the term “crotch to crotch”. Therefore, she decided to give a demonstration with her Loose Women pal, Nadia. The clip saw Kaye instructing Nadia to sit on a park bench with her legs up and spread apart. Kaye told her to “imagine we are a romantic young couple” and then proceeded to straddle the unsuspecting actress. In her shock, Nadia exclaimed: “Oh my god!” as Kaye laughed hysterically. The Loose Women star quipped to her 126,000 followers in the caption that “going crotch to crotch” had scarred Nadia “for life”. Fans found the clip hilarious and hundreds took to the comments to share their thoughts. @Fttskinclinics wrote: “Absolutely howling.” DON'T MISSRhea Perlman 'wishes' she and Danny DeVito were 'still together'[LATEST]Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’[INSIGHT]Martin Roberts in hospital with 'hours to live' after chest pains[NEWS] Michelle echoed: “You two make me howl.” While Claire added: “Hysterical you two!” And Jane said: “Brilliant, I want more demonstrations.” Kaye and Nadia have been good friends since they began hosting Loose Women together in 1999. They were so close that they even lived together when the show was filmed in Manchester. However, they revealed they weren’t keen on each other when they first met. Speaking on Lorraine in 2018, Nadia recalled after the first audition thinking: “Oh dear, I hope I don’t see her again, we don’t get on at all. And you were the same about me weren’t you, you just thought I was hair. “I never could quite believe that I was good enough to be her friend. She was so clever, and she could ski and horse ride." Kaye joked: “She was mistaken!” Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV.