Tottenham could be forced to do battle with a number of European clubs for the services of Torino defender Bremer ahead of next season, according to the Italian club's president, Urbano Cairo. Bremer has often been linked with a move to the Premier League over the last few years and is now said to be on Antonio Conte's shortlist in advance of the upcoming summer transfer window. Tottenham are said to be weighing up a post-season move for the 25-year-old, who remains contracted to Torino until the summer of 2024 and is thought to be valued at around £41million by his current employers. However, Cairo has suggested that a bidding war could soon unfold due to interest from a number of clubs from outside Italy ahead of the summer months."There is a lot of interest, including from abroad, but let’s see," he said, as quoted by FC Inter News. "Wait and finish the season well, there are seven games to go, which isn’t nothing."Bremer has been in fine form for Torino over the course of this season, with the Brazilian defender having featured in all but two of his side's Serie A matches since the beginning of the campaign. He has also been linked with the likes of Liverpool and Arsenal in recent weeks but it remains to be seen whether he will eventually leave Torino in search of a new challenge ahead of next season. JUST IN: Man Utd target Darwin Nunez ‘open to Premier League move’ Atletico Madrid have also been credited with an interest in Bremer and recently joined Tottenham in sending 'observers' to Turin in order to keep tabs on the player, according to Gazzetta Dello Sport. It is claimed that Conte has already given Fabio Paratici the green light to initiate contact with Torino to put the feelers out ahead of a potential move for Bremer's signature in the summer window.Bremer would fit seamlessly into Conte's preferred back-three setup at Tottenham, who will have the additional lure of Champions League football if they manage to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League between now and the end of the campaign. Serie A expert Conor Clancy has already suggested that Bremer would be a good fit in England's top-flight as a result of his imposing physicality and impressive ball-playing ability. "If we’re going to tick the boxes of all the old stereotypes where you’ve got to be a little bit strong and powerful and able to go the distance in a physical battle, then absolutely he’d suit it," Clancy told FootballFanCast last summer.“He could probably play in a deeper midfield role as well as at the back so I think he could do quite well in England, but he’s not had an easy time in a terrible Torino team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here