Manchester United legend Gary Neville believes that Manchester City has a tougher run-in than Liverpool in the race for the Premier League trophy. The two sides drew on Sunday which means that Pep Guardiola’s side remain top of the table, but they may slip up against Watford and Leeds according to Neville. The incredibly entertaining game ended 2-2 at the Etihad Stadium with Kevin De Bruyne opening the scoring for Guardiola’s side in the fifth minute before Diogo Jota levelled things up eight minutes later. City took the lead again in the 36th minute through Gabriel Jesus, beating Liverpool’s offside trap to convert from close range. But just a minute after the half-time break the tie was level after Sadio Mane was slipped through by Mohamed Salah and smashed his effort past Ederson. The draw means that City remain top of the Premier League table with seven games remaining; but despite that, Liverpool could have the advantage in the eyes of Neville because City have to face two sides battling relegation. Speaking to Sky Sports, he explained: “In the cup competitions, anything could happen. In the Premier League, we’ve looked at City and thought that’s an easy run-in but actually, that’s because we’re looking at (Liverpool’s games) Merseyside derby and Manchester United. JUST IN: Piers Morgan watches Man City vs Liverpool with 'heavy heart' “In an ordinary season, those games would be tough, but those two teams are appalling, they could be easier than any of the teams than any of the teams Manchester City have got. Watford are fighting for their lives, Leeds have to win games, and Newcastle away (for Liverpool). “You look at Liverpool’s run-in, Merseyside derby, Tottenham - you think it’s a tough run-in but it’s not. I’d rather play Manchester United and Everton at home than West Ham away.” Jurgen Klopp’s side will certainly be pleased to hear that they may have the upper hand with seven games to go. READ MORE: Liverpool's Diogo Jota has demand of team-mates after title hopes hit The two sides will go head to head this weekend in the FA Cup semi-final, in a game which the winner of the tie will certainly take a lot of confidence from. However, it does also raise an important point about the effect cup competitions will have on the final months of the season. Both teams are still in the Champions League and will have midweek matches to contend with between now and the end of the season – with City and Liverpool winning their respective first leg ties. Klopp and Guardiola certainly won’t be rotating their teams given that both clubs have hopes of winning the European competition, and thus those high-intensity, draining matches could be the difference when it comes to playing – as Neville says – against teams who have plenty to play for just a few days later.