In recent years there has been a flurry of royal weddings, with the future king Prince William marrying Kate Middleton back in 2011. In 2018, royal fans were delighted when two royal couples, Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, tied the knot at St George's Chapel, Windsor. And in 2020, Princess Beatrice married Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi at a smaller-scale royal wedding during the UK Covid lockdown. Express.co.uk looks at some of the most heartfelt royal wedding traditions and how they came about.  The Tomb of the Unknown Warrior had played a key part in royal weddings for nearly 100 years, and the tradition was sparked by the Queen Mother. Then Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon laid her bouquet at the Tomb during her 1923 wedding to the Duke of York. The gesture was a tribute to her elder brother Fergus, who had died at the Battle of Loos in 1915. Since then, royal brides have opted to lay their bouquets at the Tomb after their weddings, or it is laid there on their behalf.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew will not be seen at a public event again In recent years, Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle have both opted to carry a sprig of myrtle in their wedding bouquets, in keeping with a centuries-old tradition. The Royal Family website explained: "Myrtle, which represents love, fertility and innocence, has been grown at Osborne House, Queen Victoria’s holiday home on the Isle of Wight, for about 170 years. "It was first given to Queen Victoria in a posey by Prince Albert’s grandmother in 1845. The descendants of this plant are still in the grounds of the house today."   During their wedding ceremonies, royal brides always take a moment to curtsey to the Queen after their nuptials. Princess Eugenie curtseyed to the Queen after her wedding in 2018, as too did Meghan Markle after marrying Prince Harry at St George's Chapel, Windsor. Even in her famously puffed wedding dress, Lady Diana Spencer managed a curtsey to the Queen when she married Prince Charles in 1981.  DON'T MISS:Charles's wedding anniversary falls on Prince Philip death milestone [INSIGHT] Princess Alexandra 'echoed' Queen Elizabeth with fringe wedding tiara [PICTURES]Queen Mother was 'devastated' when Queen married Prince Philip [ANALYSIS] Most royal wedding rings are made from Welsh gold that has been gifted to the Queen. The Royal Family website explained: "The wedding rings of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, The Queen, Princess Margaret, Princess Anne, and Diana, Princess of Wales were all made from the same nugget of Welsh gold, which came from a Welsh mine, Clogau St David's at Bontddu. "There is still a minute sliver (one gramme) of this original piece of gold left, which is in the custody of the Privy Purse Office. "In November 1981, however the Royal British Legion presented The Queen with a 36-gramme piece of 21 carat Welsh gold, which is held by the Crown Jewellers to be used for the Royal Wedding rings of today." Some royals have opted not to have any wedding ring at all, including Prince Philip and Prince William. And other royals have opted for a different metal to the traditional gold, including Prince Harry, who now wears a textured platinum ring. And some royals don't wear a ring in the traditional sense, as Prince Charles wears his ring on his pinky finger.  The Queen traditionally lends royal brides a tiara from her personal collection to mark their wedding days. The Queen lent Meghan Markle the Queen Mary's Bandeau Tiara for her nuptials in 2018, while Kate Middleton wore the Cartier Halo Tiara. In 2020, the Queen lent Princess Beatrice the Queen Mary Fringe Tiara, the same diadem she wore to her own wedding in 1947. 