Liverpool's clash with Manchester City on Sunday could well be a title decider with just one point separating both sides as the season enters its final knockings. With the Reds in superb form, Jurgen Klopp will look to extend their 10-game win streak at the home of the champions - but changes might have to be made in order to do so. Express Sport takes a look at the expected XI the German boss may opt for.  Goalkeeper: Alisson Alisson has established himself as arguably the Premier League's best goalkeeper this season. The Brazilian has been imperious between the sticks and has contributed to the league's second-best defence throughout the campaign. Despite Caoimhin Kelleher's impressive performances, the former Roma keeper is undoubtedly the number one choice. Defence: Alexander-Arnold, Van Dijk, Matip, Robertson In front of Alisson will be the regular starters of Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil Van Dijk and Andrew Robertson. However, Klopp is faced with the task of choosing between Joel Matip and Ibrahima Konate. JUST IN: Man Utd 'have approached Everton for Richarlison' but face competition  The Frenchman has been superb whenever he has started, although his mistake against Benfica was punished and surely would be again if City were to pounce. That could mean that Cameroon international Matip is given the nod due to his vast experience in games of this magnitude. Midfield: Thiago, Fabinho, Henderson Thiago and Fabinho were exceptional alongside Naby Keita in the win in the Portuguese capital. But with City expected to attack more than Benfica, Keita may be dropped in favour of Jordan Henderson. The Reds captain could be the difference in a game which is likely to be decided by the experience of both sides. And the ex-Sunderland star will likely slot in ahead of Keita, although the Guinean could be introduced from the bench at some point. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane[QUOTES]Erik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions[OPINION]  Attack: Salah, Jota, Mane Roberto Firmino was not pictured in training for Liverpool on Friday, casting doubts over whether he will play in the crunch tie in east Manchester. That leaves Diogo Jota free to take the striker role, whilst Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Luis Diaz to fight it out for the attacking vacancies. Salah is likely to be chosen to start despite his recent poor showings, and will take on Joao Cancelo on the right-hand side. And with Mane having had the experience of a title clash against the Citizens, he will likely get the nod over Diaz to start on the left-wing. 