Ukraine has accused Russia of committing genocide and has called for a war crime prosecution after bodies of civilians were found in Bucha with their hands tied and bullet wounds to the head. Bodies have the markings of torture and close-range gunshot wounds causing Ukrainian authorities to describe it as a “scene from a horror movie”.  After reports emerged of the killings, world leaders called for further sanctions to be imposed against the Kremlin and Vladimir Putin. Estonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas even tweeted: “This is not a battlefield, it’s a crime scene.” Ukrainian streets have been left scattered with bodies, while mass graves have quickly been dug for other bodies to be discarded into. Officials in Bucha have accused Russian troops of raping women in the city and attempting to burn their naked bodies.  Other reports have emerged from cities such as Irpin, where the bodies of civilians have been booby-trapped with explosives. MI6 chief Richard Moore said: “We knew Putin’s invasion plans included summary executions by his military and intelligence services. “The reports of execution-style killings of civilians emerging from liberated areas are horrifying and chilling.”  READ MORE:Ukrainian MP demands Russia pay for horrific Bucha massacre President Zelensky took to the Telegram service to say: “Mothers of Russians should see this. See what bastards you’ve raised. Murderers, looters, butchers.” He spoke to Face the Nation on CBS and said: “This is genocide”. Prosecutors in Ukraine, who have been tasked with investigating potential war crimes, found 410 bodies in towns near the capital and 140 of them have been examined. Hanna Herega, a resident of Bucha, told NBC News about her neighbour who was killed by Russian forces. She said: “He went to get some wood when all of a sudden, they started shooting. They hit him a bit above the heel, crushing bone, and he fell down. DON'T MISS:POLL: Do you actually want Rishi Sunak’s energy bill ‘loan’? (POLL)Penny Lancaster stuns in 21st birthday throwback snap (PICTURES)Yellowstone supervolcano: 'Anomaly' could explain volcanic activity (INSIGHT)   “Then they shot off his left leg completely with the boot. Then they shot him all over [the chest]. And another shot went slightly below the temple.” She added: “It was a controlled shot to the head.” The Russian Defence Ministry has said in a statement that the photos and reports of the massacre of civilians “have been stage-managed by the Kyiv regime for the Western media”. The Kremlin also claimed “Not a single civilian has faced any violent action by the Russian military” in Bucha. 