Hours after she had given birth, the Duchess of Cambridge along with Prince William stepped out to introduce their new son to the world.  Just like with Prince George and Princess Charlotte, Prince Louis was presented to the world on the steps of the Lindo Wing of St Mary’s Hospital in Paddington, London.  Two generations of the Royal Family have been born at St Mary’s, dating back to Princess Anne and the birth of her children Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall. Almost four years ago, Kate stood on the historical steps with Prince Louis in her arms as William stood at her side with a beaming smile to match her own. The Duchess wore a red polka dot dress with a white peter pan collar which echoed that of late Princess Diana after she had given birth to Prince Harry in 1984. However, during the photocall, despite the smiles for the happy occasion, Kate had some concerns which she shared with William.   A lip reader analysed the footage of the conversation about the April chill as the couple waved to photographers. As well as making sure they both look at the correct cameras at the right time, William asked Kate: “Are you okay with him?” Kate replied: “It is a bit windy, eh? He might get cold. Let’s go now.” The couple had been stood on the steps for the photocall for several minutes before William replied “sure” and the couple retreated into the warmth. The Duke held up three fingers and said “thrice worry now” as he smiled at royal fans. READ MORE: Robbie Williams and Gary Barlow’s decade-long ‘feud’ recapped  Prince Louis will be turning four later this month and is set to join his siblings and begin attending school. The public have had rare glimpses of the youngest Cambridge child due to coronavirus which cancelled major royal events he may have been present at. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Should Prince Andrew be allowed to join Platinum Jubilee? (POLL)Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy (REACTION)Ridge has Labour's Reynolds squirming in tense North Sea probe (INSIGHT)  The young prince has also never been on a royal tour due to travel restrictions that were imposed last year. It is unknown how the Cambridges will celebrate Prince Louis’ birthday but in recent times, Kate has shared her own portraits of her children and fans are hoping there will be one of Louis for his birthday. 