Kevin Costner, 67, stars in western drama ‘Wyatt Earp’ on Channel 5 this afternoon. The ‘Yellowstone’ star’s title role in Lawrence Kasdan's three-hour epic is regarded as one of his best performances. The two-time Oscar-winner shines as an older Earp – the famous Nineteenth Century frontier lawman of the Old West. Although many films have been made about Earp, this telling takes viewers on an emotional journey all the way from his Illinois childhood to his heroics in Arizona. The 1994 movie captures the infamous shootout Earp was involved in Tombstone at the O.K. Corral in 1881. Earp and his brothers shot dead three outlaws of the Cochise County Cowboys in the gun battle. In the film, dentist Doc Holliday, who joined the Earps in the fight, is played by Dennis Quaid. Meanwhile, Hollywood legend Gene Hackman stars as Earp’s father, while the cast also includes JoBeth Williams and Bill Pullman. In a film career spanning four decades, Kevin has a wealth of acting experience under his belt, and has rubbed shoulders with royalty, when there were discussions over working with Princess Diana on ‘Bodyguard 2/’. JUST IN: How the Queen intervened to stop Princess Charlotte from being 'Lady Charlotte' When discussing these royal connections, the actor once gave his opinion on Meghan Markle, who starred in US legal drama ‘Suits’ before she married Prince Harry. In a wide-ranging 2019 interview for ‘Lorraine’, he was asked if the Duchess of Sussex could ever return to acting. Speaking to the programme’s Ross King, he said: “It would be hard. “Why? Because if you're Harry — and he seems like a great guy – that’s why I’m not married to an actress… I don't want to see my wife kissing somebody. I'm on Harry's side. “This is the step. I don’t want to be a person that is ever limiting somebody.” The star continued by saying that the position of being in the Royal Family is “unique”. He said: “There is so much thought that goes into, number one, being a wife. “Being in this circle that I don't even understand – you know – royalty. It is a unique spot. “We watch it from across an ocean and sometimes we don't understand exactly what is going on. “She’s had enough attention for a lifetime now in a year.” DON'T MISS: 'Knives are out’ Charles and William urged to step in to save 'Queen from more damage' [LATEST]Royal POLL: Should Queen take a backseat to Charles after Prince Andrew decision? [INSIGHT]Royal Family warned of resentment in Jamaica: 'Centuries of slavery' [ANALYSIS] Kevin won two Academy Awards for Best Actor and Best Director for ‘Dances with Wolves’ in 1990. However, he is perhaps best known for starring as former Secret Service agent Frank Farmer opposite Whitney Houston in 1992 film, ‘The Bodyguard’. During his chat to Mr King, the actor confirmed longstanding reports that Diana, Princess of Wales, had been in the frame for a central role in ‘Bodyguard 2’, which was shelved after her death in 1997. He revealed how Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York had helped in the talks for Diana to appear in the film. He said: “Sarah was really instrumental in that. Something I always admired about Sarah was how open she was to that idea and how supportive she was of the idea, and clearly how much she liked Diana.” ‘Wyatt Earp’ airs on Channel 5 this afternoon from 2:45pm.