Bulbs are a low maintenance option for the garden, with most perennial varieties able to bloom year after year. Popular bulbs such as daffodils and crocuses can be left in the ground for many seasons to come without replanting, but how can you make sure they produce vibrant flowers every time? Express.co.uk reveals the five key tips you should follow to ensure your bulbs reflower next year. Spring bulbs are beginning to fade away across the UK with summer varieties ready to emerge in the warmer months. While it can be tempting to just leave wilted flowers alone and hope for the best with your seasonal display, there’s no guarantee the bulbs will reflower the following year. Caring for perennials between blooming periods is crucial to secure a fresh flush of flowers each year, and it’s easier to do than you might think. READ MORE: 'A huge mistake': Avoid ruining the surfaces in your home - 'be smart' Timing is essential when it comes to caring for perennial bulbs, so it is important to act fast as soon as you notice your seasonal flowers fading away. For around six weeks after the bulbs finish, you should focus on removing unwanted growth and feeding the plant to revive its energy stores. The first step is to pluck away any wilted or dead petals from your faded bulbs. Deadheading old growth will put the plant's energy back into the bulb for next season while preventing new seeds from forming. A general fertiliser should be used after deadheading to nourish the bulb ahead of the following season. The foliage should always be left intact to help the bulb absorb energy and continue to photosynthesise. According to the Royal Horticultural Society, you should wait around six weeks before cutting any foliage from your faded bulb. The RHS said: "To promote good flowering next year, feed the bulbs every seven to ten days with a high-potassium fertiliser such as a liquid tomato feed. Begin feeding as soon as shoots appear, and stop feeding once the foliage starts to die down at the end of the season." While your plant won’t flower again until the following year, watering after the blooming season has ended is essential to make your perennials successful. Water regularly - especially during hot spells to encourage new buds next season. DON'T MISS:'Will kill your lawn': The wrong product will destroy your grass [INSIGHT]Gardening: How to re-seed a lawn for thick grass - step by step guide [REVEAL]Key date to sow certain vegetables in May - ‘frosts are over’ [ANALYSIS] Most perennial bulbs can be left planted in the ground without being lifted, though it can be beneficial for container-grown plants if you need to free up space in the garden. Lifting spring bulbs to replace them with summer varieties should only be done once the foliage has naturally died back after flowering. To lift bulbs at the end of the season, you should: To store healthy perennial bulbs, dry them out for 24 hours after lifting and keep them in a labelled paper bag or net until the following season. A shed or garage is for storage as long as it offers a cool, dry environment. Bulbs can also be lifted if they are growing in a congested bed or border. Daffodils will respond particularly well to being divided after a few years as they can begin to diminish after this point. To divide bulbs, dig down into the planting site after flowering and lift the root clump. You should take care to avoid touching the foliage on the surface. Split the congested bulbs and replant in a spacious bed or container at a depth of at least 18cm.