The Duchess of Cambridge has recently returned from a challenging royal tour along with Prince William to the Caribbean islands. There, the royal couple was faced with many obstacles including protests regarding slavery and demands for reparations. However, experts claim that Kate still seized the opportunity to reveal a confident, new image of herself as the “face of the firm” next to the future King. In an article in Evening Standard, journalist Lucianna Bellini suggested that the Duchess showed off a bolder, more confident version of herself. According to Bellini, Kate’s rebrand was made clear through her stunning appearances, with “braver looks” designed by high brand names that replaced her old “safe” shift dresses. Ms Bellini said for the Duchess: “Her Caribbean tour wardrobe got everyone talking for all the right reasons.” Quoting the views of a fashion insider who’s worked with the Duchess for over ten years, Bellini agreed that Kate’s look is “much fresher” and “more modern” now. She added that the impressive looks show Kate’s growing confidence. Moreover, the rebrand of the Duchess is also made obvious through the way she stands next to her husband, with their marriage being “as ironclad as ever”. Kate has played her role well as a supporting figure for William over the past two years of turbulence, Ms Bellini suggested. The writer claimed that Kate “acted as William’s rock” during a tough time for the Royal Family and that “the last two years have only served to bring them closer.” READ MORE: Kate and William's 'missteps' to be lessons for Sophie and Edward Therefore, Ms Bellini added: “There is a sense that Kate is finally taking this opportunity to seize her role.” Of course, this shift of the Duchess who is taking on increasingly important duties did not happen overnight. Instead, the writer explains that it took years for Kate to get to this point and that it has all been part of a well-designed plan. Ms Bellini noted on Kate’s transition: “Her approach to establishing herself as the nation’s future Queen has been strategic, methodical and meticulously planned out.” She then goes on to quote a source close to the royal household, who reveals that “everything is all part of a long-term plan that she and William have worked out together.” DON'T MISS: Kate Middleton silent gesture spotted by Royal fans at Philip memorialQueen and Philip’s 'pressure' on William to marry unearthedPrince George & Princess Charlotte are 'partners in crime'