Gregg Wallace has lost over four stone by changing what he ate and then achieved the body he wanted by exercising daily. The MasterChef presenter who used to “booze quite a bit” has said the weight loss “wasn’t a struggle” and he now “feels great” for being slimmer. Following a conversation with his doctor who told him he was “obese”, the presenter decided to overhaul his lifestyle. He said: “I made a conscious decision to cut down on fried and high sugar foods, as well as booze — which helped me lose weight. “When I was at my biggest I was having a daily fry up, fish and chips once per week, takeaway a couple more times and drinking beer nearly every day. “At first, I felt like I was missing out. But my body got used to what I was giving it and yours will too,” Gregg admitted. READ MORE: Weight loss: Grapefruit contains antioxidant that ‘burns fat faster’  He also had some advice for anyone else looking to lose weight: "Don’t cut out things you like - it will just make you miserable. “I’m a huge fan of curries, chillies and stews and it is still possible to lose weight and eat hearty meals. “Think about cooking with meats such as chicken and pork — all the things that don’t have much fat. “Use lean mince to make chillies, fill up with tasty stews stuffed full of healthy, low-calorie veg. DON'T MISS...Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [NEWS]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [INSIDER] “Try putting a chicken on a baking tray with potatoes, onions and olive oil and leaving it in the oven for a couple of hours. “Serve it with a portion of steamed veg — which doesn’t take long to do at all — and it’s a balanced, healthy and good value meal, suitable for the whole family. “These ingredients are basic and all in your supermarket,” he told The Sun. Gregg sticks to “three big healthy meals a day” to ensure he isn’t left “wanting to snack’. The presenter also exercises frequently: “You can have the body you want at any age,” he said. Over the last three years, Gregg has been exercising five days a week. “Monday to Friday is serious,” he revealed. “And Saturday and Sunday are just fun – I like to go for a swim but it's still exercising.” Sometimes he also has one-to-one personal training sessions. Gregg also has a fitness platform called Show Me Fit which provides recipes and workouts, motivational support and nutritional guidance for anyone looking to lose weight. He regularly posts transformation photos of his body before and after weight loss. Gregg commented: “I’m four and a half stone lighter. “I did it without ever being hungry. I lost the weight without exercising. I eat carbs and I like a drink. I eat three good meals a day.” He then expanded on losing weight “without exercising” as fans see him promote fitness and workouts regularly. Gregg commented: “I exercise a lot but that’s not how I lost weight. I started the gym after I lost the weight.”