Lewis Hamilton is still the ‘greatest driver in F1’ regardless of claims he was only successful because he had the best car. Criticism has come in for the Mercedes man after his difficult start to the campaign. Hamilton finished just 13th in Imola and 10th in Saudi Arabia while teammate George Russell has picked up successive top-five finishes. Former-F1 driver Marc Surer called Hamilton ‘spoiled’ when asked about the champion’s recent form. He added: “Russell is used to driving fast with a bad car, Lewis is no longer used to that.” Ralf Schumacher has questioned Hamilton's performances, saying the former champion had to ‘admit to himself’ that Russell was now the better driver. However, ex W-Series star and Sky Sports presenter Naomi Schiff has defended Hamilton’s records. Speaking ahead of the start of the W Series season, which will be shown live on Sky Sports, Schiff told Express Sport: “I think the elephant in the room at the moment to talk about is the eighth title he really wants to get so he can finally equal and beat every record in the book. READ MORE: Lewis Hamiilton's 'career could be over', warns Gerhard Berger “It comes at a very unfortunate time. With the Abu Dhabi debacle, he almost could have had it there and the fact that he didn't, it puts pressure on this season and the future. For a driver, it's always difficult because a lot of people like to say you're only as good as your last race. “There’s a lot of people saying a lot of things, for a driver it's about mentally surrounding yourself with the right people and not let that take a knock on your confidence. At the end of the day, no matter what anyone says Lewis is, and has been, regardless of his equipment, the greatest driver in F1 of all time pretty much. “I don’t think we can forget that.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton delivers verdict on F1 potentially axing Monaco GP [INSIGHT]Hamilton airs grievance with F1 youngsters - 'I always had respect' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton faces up to biggest question mark of his career [ANALYSIS] Mercedes are expecting to introduce new upgrades on Hamilton and Russell’s car from Miami in an attempt to close the gap to the leaders. Andrew Shovlin has warned the upgrades will not solve the issue overnight but will help the team head in the right direction. Hamilton is currently languishing in seventh in the drivers' standings and has already ruled out a record eighth title despite the season being in its infancy. However, Schiff believes the Brit will eventually start challenging for wins once again. She added: “Yes there’s something in the car that he’s obviously still not gelling with, but I'm sure he will turn it around. If anyone can. I think for a driver it's just about making sure you mentally stay in the right place.” Naomi Schiff is a presenter for Sky Sports F1 and W Series. Watch every single race of both competitions live exclusively on Sky Sports.