Crispin Blunt, 61, hit the headlines last week after he resigned as chair of the LGBTQ+ parliamentary group following controversial remarks about a fellow MP. It came after comments he made – which he withdrew and apologised for – that an MP convicted of sexual assault was a victim of a “miscarriage of justice”. The Conservative MP for Reigate is known for being a staunch advocate for Brexit, although not everyone in his family shares his views about the UK’s withdrawal from the EU. Blunt, who was born in London, is known for her roles in productions including ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ and ‘Gulliver's Travels’. The star is married to John Krasinski who plays Jim Halpert in the US version of sitcom, ‘The Office’. The couple, who shared the screen in the horror film ‘A Quiet Place’ have two children together and live in the US. Blunt joked about her American citizenship in a 2015 video interview, saying she had made a “terrible mistake” after watching Donald Trump in a Republican primary debate before he became US President. The actress apologised for her controversial comments, which she described as an “offhand joke”. In her wide-ranging Evening Standard interview, the star claimed she had to be more careful with her public remarks. She said: “It was a fairly innocuous joke because, you know, where I’m from we poke fun at our public figures. “I think I wasn’t quite American enough to be able to say that. I have to be really careful now. “Certain subjects, I just can’t. Because I’m also someone who loathes getting in trouble. “Ever since I was a kid, I’ve loathed getting in trouble.” DON'T MISS: Best fighter jets in world: Top war planes ranked as Ukraine launches bid to defend skies [LATEST]What is Barack Obama doing now? Former US President’s life since leaving White House [INSIGHT]Putin 'likely wants to escalate' Ukraine war — Russian leader’s plans picked apart [ANALYSIS] Blunt also opened up about what it was like working with her husband in‘A Quiet Place’. The pair play a married couple in the movie, which spawned a sequel in 2020, as well as ‘A Quiet Place: Part III’, which is slated for release next year. Blunt said: “We’ve always wanted to work together and when this came along I realised the concept was so much bigger than, ‘They’re a married couple’. “We were nervous because we’ve always been the second-hand audience to the rehashing of what we might have gone through that day on set. “And, ultimately we really understand each other’s worlds because it’s the same world.” Last week, the actress’ uncle, Crispin Blunt issued an apology after defending Wakefield’s MP Imran Ahmad Khan who was found guilty on Monday of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy in 2008. Mr Blunt said: “I am sorry that my defence of him has been a cause of significant upset and concern not least to victims of sexual offences.”