Piers Morgan, 57, didn’t hold back when taking aim at Angelina Jolie, 46, after she was pictured in a coffee shop in Ukraine today. The Piers Morgan Uncensored host took to Twitter to argue that Ukrainians had “suffered enough” during the country’s catastrophic war with Russia. While hitting out at the humanitarian star, the outspoken former Good Morning Britain presenter shared a selection of photos taken of the Maleficent actress by a fan in the city of Lviv.  Piers then fumed in view of his 7.9 million followers this afternoon: “Oh jeez, haven’t they suffered enough?”  Piers’ brutal quip divided fans, as they took to the comments section of his tweet to share their thoughts on Angelina’s appearance in Ukraine.  Roversfan scoffed: “When are you visiting Ukraine, Piers?” READ MORE... Michael Douglas 'broke down in tears' as Debra Winger BIT him  ChairmanOfTheBored also defended the Hollywood star, writing: “She’s pretty tip top with her philanthropy. Fair play to her.”    Andrew Potter agreed: “She’s doing her bit. What about you?”    However, other fans enjoyed Piers’ savage remark about Angelina.    Justice Forever tweeted: “Okay @piersmorgan, that was pretty funny!”  Sharon Peetz commented: “Anything for a photo op! These people have not got the time and resources to be putting VIP protocol and safety plans in place for celebrities. Heads of State yes. Celebrities, send cash!” Mistylucas80 joked: “Nato need to step in soon. This is getting ridiculous.” Not much is known about Angelina’s trip to Ukraine, but she certainly caused a stir amongst locals when she arrived unannounced ate the cafe in Lyviv. The star was dressed in wide-legged grey trousers and an oversized jumper in snaps taken by excited movie fans. DON'T MISS:Karen Hauer and Luba Mushtuk stun in bikinis as they shower together [PICS]Angelina Jolie stuns Ukrainians as she arrives in war-torn city [COMMENT]Rachel Riley slammed after arguing 'no one should defend Johnny Depp' [OPINION] Angelina smiled and waved while onlookers filmed her on their phones.  She also stopped to sign an autograph while waiting for her drink to be made.  Facebook user Maya Pidhorodetska wrote of the unexpected encounter: “Nothing special. Just Lviv.  “I just went to have coffee. Just Angelina Jolie.”  The local woman concluded: “Ukraine is simply supported by the whole world.” It comes as Russian forces started a renewed assault in the east of the country.  Lviv, where Angelina was pictured, is in Western Ukraine, around 80 kilometres from the Polish border.  The war-torn city has faced Russian shelling in recent weeks.  Angelina has visited war zones before, and previously worked with the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR) to provide aid to Yemen last month.  Angelina has been working with the UN for years, after being appointed the position of Special Envoy to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in 2012.