Charles Leclerc extended his lead at the Formula 1 summit on Saturday despite finishing second to Max Verstappen in the first sprint race of 2022. Mercedes' George Russell failed to score in the 21-lap event, leaving Carlos Sainz to leapfrog him into second as Leclerc's cushion grew to 40 points. Sergio Perez wasn't far off the pace, either, as he finished a narrow third, some 13 seconds or so ahead of Sainz in fourth. It served as a reminder of the strength Red Bull possess despite some early struggles this season, with Verstappen having finished only one of three races ahead of Sunday's Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Ferrari racing director Laurent Mekies respects the rival RB18 and knows only "small details" separate Red Bull's design from his team's F1-75. And it's not only Verstappen that the 'Prancing Horse' has to worry about when it comes to taming the reigning champions. "The simple truth is that they [Red Bull] are very strong," Mekies told Sky Sports after Saturday's sprint drama. "Not only is Max very fast, but also Checo. You could see that in his lap time. I don't think there is much between our cars this weekend. So, it will come down to small details." READ MORE Lewis Hamilton makes decision on quitting Mercedes after latest misery in Imola  Verstappen started Saturday's sprint in pole position but swiftly gave up the lead to Leclerc. It was only on lap 19 that the Dutchman reclaimed top spot to cross the line first, and Mekies is expecting the exact same kind of "chess game" in Sunday's Grand Prix. "We will learn from what happened," added the French engineer. "We all had limited time to drive in dry conditions. We have all evening to analyze the data and pretty much all tyre compounds are still available. It will be a chess game." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton bare 'minimum' target by Toto Wolff for Imola GP after sprint disasterMax Verstappen takes swipe at Red Bull engineer on team radio before Imola sprint winNico Rosberg warns 'pressure is getting to Ferrari' in hope for Mercedes and Red Bull    Friday's practice and qualifying action at Imola was blighted by rain, making it difficult to forecast how the Italian showdown will play out. Verstappen will once again start first on the grid as he looks to climb from fifth in the drivers' standings. The first of three sprint weekends confirmed not only the quality of the cars in question, but that Red Bull may well have the superior two-driver tandem compared to their peers. A 45-point gap sits between titleholder Verstappen and leader Leclerc, but there are a lot of moves to be made before the champion is decided.