Sleep loss, which afflicts one in three Britons, has many causes. Fortunately, you do not have to establish the cause to find a solution. Simple dietary tweaks have been shown to aid sleep loss. According to Doctor Hilary, you could do a lot worse than supplementing with magnesium. The mineral has been shown to "help the neurotransmitters", which play a role in regulating sleep, he explained on ITV's Lorraine. While researchers recognise that magnesium plays an important role in sleep regulation, they do not fully understand the effect of magnesium on sleep behaviours. "What’s clear from the research is that a lack of magnesium negatively impacts sleep," says the Sleep Foundation. READ MORE: Turn lights off at night to reduce the risk of diabetes and heart disease says new study According to the health body, low levels of magnesium are associated with poor sleep quality and insomnia. "Anxiety and depression also correlate with low magnesium levels, and both anxiety and depression can contribute to insomnia." It cites a study involving elderly patients with insomnia, which found taking 500 mg of magnesium daily for eight weeks improved many subjective and objective measures of insomnia. The patients: DON'T MISSBritons struck down by four illnesses sweeping UK [INSIGHT]Statins: 'High' alcohol intake linked to muscle toxicity [ADVICE]Clint Eastwood health: Star's anti-ageing tips [TIPS] Magnesium is found in a wide variety of foods, including spinach, nuts and wholemeal bread. The Department of Health and Social Care says: "Having 400mg or less a day of magnesium from supplements is unlikely to cause any harm." However, if you take magnesium supplements, do not take too much as this could be "harmful", the health body warns. According to the NHS, taking high doses of magnesium (more than 400mg) for a short time can cause diarrhoea. According to the doc, drinking chamomile tea has a "relaxing effect" on the mind. Flowers of the chamomile plant have been used for many years to treat a variety of issues, including poor sleep. According to the Sleep Foundation, chamomile contains multiple active chemical compounds, including one called apigenin that has a mild tranquilising effect once it binds to benzodiazepine receptors in the brain. "While research is limited, chamomile has been demonstrated to improve sleep quality." According to the health body, keeping regular sleeping hours can deal insomnia a decisive blow. That's because going to bed when you feel tired and getting up at roughly the same time helps teach your body to sleep better. The NHS adds that's important to avoid napping where possible. It also says to: