Limescale is a hard and chalky deposit that builds up on surfaces where hard water has evaporated. Those living in a hard water area, their shower, baths and sinks are bound to be covered in the stuff. Antonia Clayson, bathroom expert at Victorian Plumbing spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk on the best way to remove soap scum and limescale from showers. She explained that following a bathroom cleaning routine helps reduce buildups of soap scum and limescale which overall avoids permanent damage like rusting.   Antonia said: “A sparkling shower can really affect the overall look of your bathroom, however you don't require specialist products to keep it in top shape. “Using common cleaning products such as lemon juice, white vinegar, baking soda and washing up liquid will help keep your bathroom in pristine condition. “We suggest avoiding abrasive products containing harsh chemicals like bleach, as they have the potential to do more harm than good.” READ MORE: Cleaning: How to get rid of limescale from taps using 2p coin - ‘easy’ White vinegar is hailed as a miracle cleaner because it kills some bacteria, dissolves hard water and cuts through grease and grime. Mix white vinegar with some water and you can clean just about anything in your home- including the shower. The cleaning pro suggested how to first remove signs of limescale from shower enclosures. Antonia said: “If you are tackling limescale (a slightly tough task), heat around 100ml of white vinegar, mix with 30ml of lemon juice, add half a cup of baking soda and stir until you have a thick paste. “Ensure that your shower tray is dry before pouring the paste onto the affected areas. DON'T MISS: Cleaning: How to clean washing machine drawers - 'cheap and effective’ [COMMENT]Weeding tips: How to ‘effectively’ kill weeds for ‘zero cost’ [EXPERT]Laundry: How to save on energy bills drying your clothes [TIPS] “Rinse and scrub any remaining deposits away with a sponge.” Good ventilation is a key part to keeping your bathroom clean as it reduces the chances of bacteria growth. If you have a weaker flow of water or have noticed your shower head shooting in different directions the first thing to check is whether this is a water pressure problem. If not you may need to take a closer look at the condition of your shower head. Antonia said: “Chalky, off-white deposits are a result of limescale buildup that blocks individual ducts and reduces water flow. The expert detailed how to remove limescale build up on shower heads. “Before rushing to find a replacement, follow these simple cleaning steps. “Firstly, remove your shower head and submerge it in white vinegar before rinsing with cool water. Brush away any remaining blockages with a dry towel. “We recommend doing this once a month (if you can) before it becomes unsalvageable.” Antonia then explained how homeowners should go about removing scum from their showers. She said: “To remove scum, place equal amounts (we suggest 100ml) of warm white vinegar and washing up liquid into a spray bottle and coat the grubby areas of your shower. “Leave for 30 minutes then gently wipe the affected areas with a wet cloth.” This period of time allows the combination of white vinegar and washing up liquid to lift and break down any soap scum. Antonia added: “Using your shower handset, rinse the solution with any excess residue to see sparkling results.”