Easter is one of the most important celebrations in the Christian calendar. Today, Easter Sunday, is believed to be when Jesus rose again after dying for the sins of Christians on Good Friday. Nowadays, the holiday is associated with flowers (marking the season of spring), Easter bunnies and of course, chocolate eggs. While there is no biblical association with eggs, it is widely believed that eggs symbolise the beginning of a new life and are therefore considered a metaphor for Christ’s resurrection. They have become a staple tradition for those who celebrate across the country – including the Royal Family, whose Easter customs don’t end there. The royal Easter traditions start on Maundy Thursday, the Thursday before Easter. Typically, the monarch hands out “Maundy money” to people who have been nominated for their contributions to their local church or community. This year, however, it was announced that the Queen was not taking part in this week’s Maundy Service. Instead, Prince Charles, her eldest son, carried out the traditional coin-giving ceremony. It marked the first Maundy Service missed by the Queen since 1970. Easter for the Royal Family is all about getting everyone together, so, generally, most members gather at Windsor Castle, now Her Majesty’s permanent residence, for the long weekend. The family attend the Easter Sunday church service at St George’s Chapel, where crowds of well-wishers gather in the castle grounds with flowers and presents. Following the service, they return to the castle, where the royals are served a four-course roast dinner. Having eaten a fish supper on Good Friday – a custom observed by Christians as to abstain from eating meat – the family tuck into a traditional lamb roast. Former royal chef Darren McGrady told OK! Magazine in 2020: "We’d go straight into the main course – a traditional roast lamb with seasonal vegetables. DON'T MISS Princess Anne's 'iconic' Oceania style - 'original wardrobe recycler' [PICTURES] Meghan and Harry's 'part-time royal' dream shattered amid Netflix deal [REVEAL] Prince Harry and William's feud ‘very bad’ [INSIGHT] “The Queen likes her meat well done, so she’d always have the first two slices. “They’d also have a compound salad served in a kidney dish attached to the plate – just some lettuce and cucumber with a little mint or some grated carrot and coriander.” The meal is often accompanied by Her Majesty’s “favourite German wine, called Gewurztraminer.” According to Mr McGrady, the booze is flowing throughout the day, but the monarch prefers to refrain until “her habitual Gin and dubonnet in the evening.” Of course, the Easter menu would not be complete without chocolate, a treat that the Queen is said to be particularly fond of.  Describing the monarch as a “chocoholic”, Mr McGrady said: “Her Majesty loves chocolate, but particularly dark chocolate. “She gives it up for Lent and then looks forward to tucking into her favourite Bendicks Bittermints. “Boxes of them are provided for everyone to nibble on.” A love for the sweet treat has seemingly passed on through generations, with Prince William admitting that he has a taste for chocolate.  In a Zoom chat with Casterton Primary Academy in 2020, the prince said there would “be a lot of chocolate eaten” in the Cambridge household. This was quickly followed by his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge telling him: “You keep eating it!” One of the most notable modern Easter traditions is the Easter egg hunt, and while the Palace has never formally confirmed whether or not there are private egg hunts at Windsor, Kate once let slip that the royal great-grandchildren do partake in the tradition. In 2018, the Duchess told little girls outside of St George’s Chapel that Prince George and Princess Charlotte had enjoyed an Easter egg hunt in the morning. It is suspected that the Queen probably does treat her great-grandchildren to one in the grounds of Windsor Castle every year. While the Royal Family have not announced their plans for the Easter weekend, it is expected that they will stick to tradition and join Her Majesty at her home.