Labour's Bridget Phillipson has fired back at Tory MPs trying to compare Sir Keir Starmer's so-called 'beergate' with Boris Johnson's partygate. This comes after the Labour Party admitted to lying about an event at which party leader Sir Keir Starmer is alleged to have broken lockdown rules. This week, the party U-turned on previous denials and admitted that Sir Keir Starmer's deputy Angela Rayner was also present at the gathering. Sir Keir was filmed enjoying a beer with officials at a time when indoor socialising was banned. Several Tory MPs have compared the event to the Downing Street parties and urged police investigation ahead of the local elections next week. GB News' Anne Diamond pressed Ms Phillipson on the issue, saying: "The other thing that will come up on the doorstep is inevitability partygate and now what they are calling beer-gate. "Do you think it's fair whatever happened in beer-gate with Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner, that it should be investigated as the No10 parties were?" JUST IN: 'Get your facts right!' Charlie Mullins slaps down Owen Jones  Ms Phillipson hit back: "I think there is no comparison between the two." The shadow education secretary continued: "The police have looked into the matter. There is no case to answer, no rules were broken. "I can see why Tory MPs, ahead of the local election want to spend their time seeking to drag us all into the gutter and make out that we are all the same. "But just look at the number of fines that No10 has seen, and the fact that Prime Minister lied to the British people, that he lied to parliament, and it shows why they are getting so desperate on this.  "Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner did nothing wrong. Tory MPs should know better than waste police time on this." Sir Keir denied any rule-breaking took place, telling the BBC: "Whether Angela Rayner was there or not makes absolutely no difference. There was no breach of the rules, the matter has already been looked into. "(There is a) stark contrast between that and the goings on at Downing Street where we know there were 55 fines issued already and an investigation is still going on. "So there is absolutely no comparison to be made here." DON'T MISS: Tracker poll: Labour blow as Tories close the gap over partygate [POLL]Russian state TV guest loses it on air over Hitler conspiracy [VIDEO]BBC viewers blast 'totally unnecessary' waste of licence fee money [REACTION]   Responding to this, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries questioned "what Labour are hiding". She tweeted: "Why did Labour consistently lie and say Raynor wasn't there when she was? What are they hiding? "No wonder Lisa Nandy told the shadow cabinet last week to stop talking about Partygate. She obviously knows more and knew where this was heading." Conservative MP Richard Holden has since written to Durham Police to request them to reopen a probe into claims that Labour leader Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules. Mr Holden claimed: “We cannot have a situation where it is one rule for Keir Starmer and the Labour Party and another for everybody else." 