Sergio Perez has warned Red Bull 'cannot afford' another retirement in Imola as he piles the pressure on Red Bull to fix its mechanical failures. The Red Bull driver warned the mechanical failure was something that 'really concerned' the team who are working on a range of fixes. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “I think we just have to sort out our reliability that has been a big concern in three races where we basically had three DNF’s. It’s something that really concerned us but we just have to make sure we are up there. “We cannot afford I don’t think another DNF, another weekend with zero points. That will be horrible. “Although there are still a lot of races left, these points are going to make a huge difference at the end of the season. We know now is the time to really work and vet on top of those things.” The Mexican has warned the points the team are throwing away will 'make a huge difference at the end of the season' as Red Bull try and hunt down Ferrari. READ MORE: Verstappen given food for thought as Vettel comments on Red Bull Verstappen was running in second place in Bahrain and Australia before suffering mechanical failures. It means the Dutchman has thrown away an almost guaranteed 36 points in his battle with Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc. The poor form has left the reigning champion sixth in the drivers’ standings behind Mercedes’ Lewis Hamilton who has struggled with his car all season. Red Bull is also behind Mercedes in the constructors’ championship despite their car being around one second a lap quicker. The Dutchman has all but written himself out of the title fight despite being just three races in. DON'T MISSMax Verstappen blames teams as he opens up on Hamilton 'confrontation' [COMMENT]Red Bull set for ‘risky’ upgrade to help Max Verstappen at Imola [ANALYSIS]Sergio Perez makes retirement claim amid F1 schedule concerns [INSIGHT] After returning in Melbourne, he said: “We're already miles behind. I don't want to think about the title fight, I just want to finish races. "It's frustrating and unacceptable. These kinds of things if you want to fight for the title cannot happen." Red Bull’s failures have helped Mercedes bid to defend their constructors' crown. George Russell has also been elevated to second in the drivers’ standings after three successive top-five finishes. He said: “It’s pretty crazy to think, but this is a championship based on results and not necessarily based on pace.”