Brenda Blethyn, 76, has a career spanning 45 years and is most known for portraying DCI Vera Stanhope and most recently Kate in the new series Kate and Koji. The actress has spoken previously on why she decided to marry her husband Michael Mayhew after 30 years together in 2010. Brenda previously was married to Alan Blethyn, a graphic designer whom she met while working for British Rail in 1964. The marriage however did not last and ended in 1973, with Brenda keeping his surname throughout her acting career. Brenda has been with her current partner Michael Mayhew since 1975, however, the couple did not marry until 2010. She addressed her reasoning for deciding to marry after 30 years together, in a recent interview. READ MORE: Piers Morgan slams Hollywood's 'nauseating hypocrisy' over Will Smith Brenda said: "We were getting on a bit and it seemed the sensible thing to do. "Neither of us were going anywhere so it just presents a problem if one of us pops our clogs," she told Radio Times last year. The Vera star has always tried to keep her personal life private but has occasionally spoken about her decision not to have children. In an unearthed interview from 2010, she said: "Do I regret not having children? "No. Do I ponder on it sometimes? Yes. But there's no point in having regrets, it's a waste of energy." She added to The Guardian: "And I have wonderful nephews, nieces and great-nieces – including the actor Kelly Scott, who had a part in my series Vera." Appearing on This Morning last month, Brenda discussed her very busy schedule with Vera and filming Kate and Koji. DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais blasts Will Smith for slapping 'gentle' Chris Rock [OPINION] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [INSIGHT] Midsomer Murders' Neil Dudgeon stunned at Fiona Dolman's show update [COMMENT] She said to Holly and Phil: "[We finished] two weeks ago and I start Vera on Monday!" Phillip then asked: "And you're away for a long time aren't you?" Brenda replied: "Yeah, so sort of six or seven months." This means that filming should wrap up for Vera in the autumn, hopefully in time for the series' usual winter release. Brenda is the recipient of several accolades including one Golden Globe, a BAFTA, a Cannes Film Festival Award and two Academy Award nominations. Her career breakthrough was in Mike Leigh's 1996 drama Secret & Lies, for which she received multiple awards. Since 2011, she has played the title role of DCI Vera Stanhope in the British crime drama series Vera. Kate & Koji airs tonight on ITV at 9pm.