As the cost of living continues to rise, the money saving expert gave his advice about price caps and energy tariffs in his latest video update. He explained whether or not people should now fix their energy tariff or stick to the variable price cap tariff. On April 1, the price cap increased 51 percent which left households paying hundreds more each year. This price cap is set to rise again in October which will see another increase in monthly bills. In a video posted online the financial journalist said "timing is crucial" as things change regularly. Mr Lewis added: "The current price cap for someone who is dual-fuel, which is typical use, is £1,971 a year. READ MORE: Woman, 88, in tears after losing £36,000 savings - after 'scrimping' for 50 years  This is a predicted increase of over £600 from the current cap of £1,971, and would mean that energy prices would have doubled in just one year. The exact amount one pays depends on their energy usage. Cornwall Insight originally estimated a 50 percent rise in October, and was then re-estimated at 29 percent in late March 2022. Although the 32 percent increase is lower than its original estimated figure of 50 percent, it will still add significant costs to one’s gas and electricity bills. Using Cornwall Insight for his research the money saving expert believes there will be another rise of 32 percent. Mr Lewis continued: “This will take the price cap of someone with typical use to around £2,600. "As we're halfway through the period, there's very little chance that we're going to see prices drop in October. "If you can find a fix that is no more than 17 percent higher than the rate you're currently paying on the price cap, then that's worth doing. "Having said that, I think a fix does have the merit of price certainty, it's effectively a cap in its own right but the cap lasts longer." Cornwall Insight suggests we'll see a 12 percent drop from the October price cap in April next year. Mr Lewis, who founded MoneySavingExpert.com, said: "I'd suggest as a rough rule of thumb although the maths shows 17 percent, if you can find a fix at no more than 25 percent higher than the current price cap rate and you value price certainty it is probably worth fixing at that rate. "Let's look at what is out there at the moment, the fixes which are worth it are probably short-term fixes with your current supplier that is cheaper than open market switches. "The problem is they aren't published at an open market rate. I can't see them. The cheapest I can find today is 35 percent - so it's probably not worth it. “That's why I think 25 percent is the magic number."