Andrea McLean, 52, announced in 2020 she had quit her role on Loose Women after 13 years of fronting the show. But, two years on, the ITV star has revealed she did not stay in contact with “everybody” she worked on the lunchtime programme with. Andrea, who has since become a certified life coach, revealed that she didn’t see her Loose Women co-stars outside of work “very often”, even while she still worked with them. She explained it was because they all lived in different parts of the country. Speaking about her relationship with the rest of the Loose Women cast two years after her departure, Andrea opened up on the distance between them. She said: “Not everybody but that’s the same as anyone who works in an office. READ MORE: Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore “Even when I was there, we didn’t really go out very often because we live all over the country but there’s texting and messaging, and it was so good to go back on as a guest recently," she added to The Metro. Andrea recently revealed she was forced to sell her home after she quit Loose Women, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk. The TV star took the decision to sell the property she lived with her husband Nick Feeney and her two children, son Finlay, 20, and daughter Amy, 15. Andrea highlighted that she did not regret the move as she wanted to invest in her business, This Girl Is On Fire. However, she was still “sad” to let go of her garden, which she had worked hard for. Andrea said: "It's not like I've sold it and that's it. I've invested it in me and my business which I really believe in. “And what's great, we did it before it became a problem. "It wasn't in a desperate move. We didn't say, 'Oh my god, we need to sell tomorrow. The whole world is ending.' DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] "It wasn't like that. It was actually quite calm." During the candid interview, Andrea also revealed that she and her family now live in a rented house. The mum-of-two added: "It was sad. The thing I was most sad about was leaving my garden because I put so much into it. "I love gardening. I love the gentleness of it. I was really sad but we're in a rental now. “I don't care if it's not my garden. I'm still going to love it. “Plant flowers, get happy when they grow, and get sad when they die. All of the things that gardeners do." As well as growing her business, Andrea has released the book You Just Need To Believe It: 10 Ways in 10 Days to Unlock Your Courage and Reclaim Your Power. In the book, Andrea gives readers an insight into her various projects and living life on their own terms.