Dan Walker stepped down from presenting Football Focus and was replaced by former professional footballer Alex Scott last year. The BBC Breakfast host, who has since announced that he will also be leaving his role on the news programme, has opened up about his exit. At the time of his departure from Football Focus, the dad-of-three had teased he had "one or two exciting opportunities" that would soon be revealed. The 45-year-old went on to compete in Strictly Come Dancing and also fronted the late-night sports programme The NFL Show. Dan had previously branded Football Focus his "dream job" which he presented for 12 years. Taking to Twitter on April 10, the broadcaster shared a black and white snap where he could be seen looking out into the distance. READ MORE: Noel Gallagher moved into £1k per night hotel after heating broke down He captioned the post: "I hope you’ve had a lovely weekend." Actor Glen Murphy commented underneath the picture that he missed seeing Dan on Saturday's offering of Football Focus. In view of his 2,048 followers, he penned: "Your missed big time on FF." The BBC Breakfast presenter took the opportunity to respond to the comment and admitted he too missed hosting the programme.  "I miss it too," Dan replied, in view of his 753,000 followers. In April 2021, the journalist told fans he would be leaving Football Focus. He posted a video of himself on his social media explaining the announcement. Dan said: “This is going to be my last season presenting Football Focus. DON'T MISS... Victoria Beckham stuns fans in new pics of dazzling dress[LATEST]A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies causes stir with sultry bikini pic[PICTURES]Noel Gallagher moved into £1k per night hotel after heating broke down[ADMISSION] “It has been an amazing 12 years and I can honestly say I have loved every single second of it. "I am so proud of the job we’ve done, the changes we’ve made and issues we’ve looked at a time when the football landscape has changed immeasurably. “But, having said all that, after 12 years it's time for someone else to take the reins,” he continued. “I’d like to say thank you to the amazing team at Focus who put so much into the show each week and thank you to the audience for tuning in every Saturday.” Alex was later confirmed as the show's replacement. Dan has since announced that he will be leaving the BBC altogether and said that his final day in his old job on Breakfast would be "in the next few weeks". He said of his Channel 5 offer: "I love their ideas and creativity and it’s rare to get an opportunity like this where paths and ambitions meet. "The chance to do something different was too good to turn down." Dan will be presenting the Channel 5 news and will also front his own programme.