Nat Eddleston is currently in the hospital after sustaining serious injuries after being hit by a vehicle. Ellie will be taking an extended break from the Channel 4 reality series during his recovery, while her Gogglebox co-star Izzi is also expected to miss out on the upcoming episodes. Ellie and her sister Izzi were both absent from last week’s edition of Gogglebox after the former’s boyfriend was hospitalised. Nat was rushed to intensive care on March 18 when he was hit by a car in Leeds in the early morning. The 31-year-old reality show star has reportedly spent most of her time by her boyfriend’s side during Nat’s recovery. It’s been reported that the show’s bosses have given the sisters all the time they need following the accident. READ MORE: Domenica MAFS Australia: Where is Domenica Calarco now? Nat is reportedly in a stable yet critical condition after his neck was broken in the collision. He was initially placed on a life support machine after sustaining the injury, in addition to a broken back and two collapsed lungs. A source said to The Sun: “Ellie and Izzi are two of the most loved regulars on the show but it wouldn't be right for them to have to film a light-hearted show when Nat is in such a critical condition. “Producers have made it clear there is no pressure to return to filming and they can take all the time they need.” Ellie has also taken a break from social media following Nat’s accident. Her last Instagram post featuring Nat was posted on Valentine’s Day and has since been flooded with supportive messages from her followers. IG user @middleton1378 commented: “Sending you lots of love. I had the same injuries 30 years ago in an accident and although it’s a tough road he will get through it. “I’m only saying this so you know people get through it. Sending lots of positive vibes to you xx.” DON'T MISS:Riverdale’s Cole Sprouse predicts series’ cancellation [INTERVIEW]Gordon Ramsay’s Future Food Stars branded ‘Poundland SAS’ [REACTION]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah celebrates season 14 renewal [VIDEO] @buckle8282 added: “Hey girly, you keep those thoughts positive. I broke my back and neck in 5 places and I’m up and about. “Nat’s absolutely got this!! Sending big hugs your way.” And @jesslovesinteriors said: “Thoughts & prayers for a full & speedy recovery.” A source has said Ellie has “barely left the hospital” while Nat receives excellent care and treatment during his stay. Nat has appeared with Ellie a number of times since she and her sister were introduced to the series in 2015. The Gogglebox stars have become firm favourites for fans of the series, as well as their dogs Mick, Madge and Morris. Channel 4’s popular reality series is currently in its 19th series and has introduced newcomers Roisin and Joe. Express.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for comment. Gogglebox series 19 continues Fridays at 9pm on Channel 4.