The two protesting grannies who “stuck” themselves to a table in front of Dorset councillors disrupted their April meeting. The pair, “Grannies for the future”, entered the council chamber at County Hall on Thursday evening as Weymouth councillor Louie O’Leary was speaking in praise of nuclear power. As Mr O’Leary and other councillors watched, the pair of women glue themselves to a desk and read a statement berating Dorset Council for its lack of action on climate change. They were booed, heckled and even jostled by Conservative councillors before calm was restored with all the 70-plus councillors being ushered out of the chamber to continue their meeting in an adjoining room. One of the protesters had a statement she was trying to read ripped from her hand, while the other said she was “rough handled” by a Conservative woman councillor who had to be warned to step away, or would be reported for assault. Both had signs on their hand saying “glue.” Cameras broadcasting the meeting were stopped at the moment the pair entered the chamber at County Hall. Their actions were not broadcast and the public was not told what was happening. The protest came as a motion, which protestors feared could have led to a more lenient approach to fossil fuel and nuclear planning applications in the county, by Conservative leader Cllr Spencer Flower was about to be debated. This followed an opposition motion from Weymouth Green councillor Clare Sutton which called for national legislation to be strengthened to allow councils to reject fossil fuel applications. It was lost by 41 votes to 30 with Conservatives voting against. READ MORE: Covid hotspots mapped: 12 UK counties reporting staggering case levels Speaking to Dorset Live, Giovanna Lewis and Annie Webster said the county needed to move towards renewable power and more insulation, reducing the need for reliance on fossil fuels. Ms Lewis said: “People are not taking this seriously enough, including Dorset Council, virtually all the world experts agree we have two or three years to take decisive action on climate, after that it will be too late. “If they are serious about their climate and ecological emergency declaration to pass Clare Sutton’s (Green) motion would have been an easy thing to do.” Ms Lewis added that by voting against the Green motion to strengthen planning laws on fossil fuel applications Dorset Council had lost “a small, but important chance, to lobby for change…if we are ever going to stop climate change we need to be able to stop planning applications for oil and gas, so we were very cross they didn’t do that.” She then said: “It was basically political so they could then vote for Spencer Flower’s motion to open up all the oil and coal fields because of Ukraine war.” DON'T MISS Westminster horror as man 'armed with weapon' Tasered by MoD police Brexit LIVE: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs Ukraine LIVE: ‘Desperate!’ Putin sets sights on attacking NATO base Ms Webster also told the outlet that with the Conservatives voting against the Green motion they would be putting Dorset residents at risk from increased climate change. She said: “They will be subjecting us to climate change and ramping up the trajectory by their resolution. What they want is business as usual.” The pair expect to now be interviewed by the police and possibly charged for their actions, but say if that is the price they have to pay they are prepared to do so. Ms Webster say that despite the claims they are Extinction Rebellion activists, they were acting alone as “grannies for the future.” Ms Lewis added: “It was something we decided to do ourselves. We are members of a number of organisations, but it was our own decision.” Additional reporting from Trevor Bevins & Melanie Edgar-Spier