George Russell and Sergio Perez have suggested that more thought should be put into next year's Formula One calendar as a result of the difficulty of including the Australian Grand Prix as a standalone event. Melbourne will play host to this weekend's race after a two-year absence from the calendar, with an Australian sporting record crowd of over 400,000 fans expected to attend over the course of the three days. This year's event in Australia promises to be one of the most exciting in recent memory, with a number of wholesale changes having been made to the layout of the Albert Park Circuit with a view to providing better racing. However, Russell is adamant that F1 should begin hosting the event as part of a double-header from next year onwards in order to help those in the paddock to acclimatise upon arrival in Melbourne."Melbourne as a season-opener was really cool because everyone came out here early and there was a lot of excitement and anticipation," Russell told GP Fans. "But having Melbourne in between races, especially as a standalone, is too tough for the teams and everybody."People came out on the Saturdays and Sundays to get acclimatised to the conditions, to the time zone change, and it's just too much. It needs to be thought about more, there's no reason why we couldn't do a back to back with one of the Middle Eastern races. JUST IN: Verstappen and Leclerc both seeking career firsts at Australian GP "It feels like another double-header for the teams with the amount of time they spend in this part of the world, and as the season is getting longer and longer, we need to find a better balance."Russell was not the only driver on the grid to ask questions over the timing of the Australian Grand Prix ahead of Friday's practice sessions. Perez also weighed in on the topic by insisting that F1 should travel to Melbourne immediately after the season-opening race in Bahrain in order to alleviate the impact of the time difference on team members and drivers alike. "It [the schedule] works well at the moment because we do the winter testing in Bahrain, and it makes sense to stay there," added Perez. "But it really has to be a back to back with one of those [Middle Eastern] races because coming to Australia for a single race is quite painful for everyone."Meanwhile, it seems as though Ferrari will be the favourites for victory in Melbourne this weekend after topping both practice sessions on Friday. Carlos Sainz set the fastest lap in FP1 before Charles Leclerc went quickest in FP2 to cap off an impressive day of running for the historic Italian team, who currently lead Mercedes and Red Bull in the Constructors' Championship standings. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here