Jane McDonald is an English singer and songwriter, as well as a TV presenter. The Wakefield-born star has lost an impressive four stone in recent years by following a healthy diet and increasing her fitness regime. Which foods has she added and cut from her diet to reach her ideal weight and maintain it? Jane McDonald began her career as a cruise ship performer, singing for cruise passengers and employees. She rocketed to fame when she appeared on BBC One’s docusoap The Cruise and has since presented her own travel shows. Working in the cruise industry can be gruelling, and Jane revealed a few years ago she had put on a little weight as a result. However, in 2015, she decided to do something about it – kick starting her weight loss journey. READ MORE: 'I was torn': William broke royal tradition when proposing to Kate Cutting sugar out of her diet hugely helped Jane to lose weight. She took part on ITV’s Sugar Free Farm, which saw herself and other contestants following a no sugar diet in order to improve their overall health. Within the first two weeks, Jane lost an impressive 9lbs (more than half a stone), but the weight kept falling off after she completed the show too. At the end of the programme, Jane had lost a stone and a half, but a year later, in 2016, she had lost four stone.  Speaking to The Mirror in 2015, Jane revealed the foods she stopped eating, which helped her to lose weight. She said: “We had to cut out alcohol, cakes, biscuits, convenience food…everything. “The hardest thing for me was missing red wine. Oh, I love my wine. “But now I’ve completely cut down on it, and only have a glass once a week. That’s a huge deal for me.” As for the foods she added to her diet, Jane shared the contents of her fridge, saying: “Now it’s stuffed from top to bottom with lean meat and chopped veg in boxes of Tupperware: peppers, spinach, things like that. “I’ve got a new lease of life – appearing on this programme is the best thing I’ve ever done,” the presenter added. However, speaking to PA in 2019, Jane confessed that she puts weight on easily when she goes on cruise ships. She explained: “That is the first cruise I’ve put about eight pounds on. I ate my own body weight on that cruise.” She added that she usually tries to “cut down” when on board a ship, saying: “If I have a breakfast, I don’t have a lunch. If I have a lunch, I don’t eat breakfast. “I don’t eat everything that I could eat on a cruise. I eat a lot of salads when I’m at home. But when I’m away, I’m away. “I don’t want to be on a diet on a cruise because I want people to see what they can have.” The TV presenter added that she has cut out “white carbs, like white flour or white pasta”, and she doesn’t “eat crisps”. Jane said she chooses to “start the day with a green smoothie every other morning”. “I blend up a mixture of raw greens, flax seeds, chia seeds, spinach, kale, mint and a banana. It really is lovely,” she said. Although Jane doesn’t eat carbs, she does eat one kind of bread: one that has no yeast in it. “The only bread I eat is one that I’ve got a recipe for from Angelique (a nutritionist),” the singer explained. “It’s got no yeast in it and it’s made with lots of pumpkin seeds, sunflower seeds, wholemeal flour, oats and yogurt of all things. “It’s literally 20 minutes and it’s made – ready to put in the oven. “I don’t eat a lot of it but when I’m really craving a bit of starch I just get some out of the freezer and stick it in the toaster and it’s done.”