Naomi Osaka has admitted that she will be looking to Rafael Nadal as she prepares for the upcoming clay-court swing. The former world No 1 recently reached her first final since winning the 2021 at the Australian Open, losing the Miami championship match to Iga Swiatek. After finding her form once more, she is turning her attention to the next part of the season. Osaka has had a tough 12 months, first pulling out of the French Open when she received backlash for refusing to attend press conferences in attempt to protect her mental health before withdrawing from Wimbledon. She then lost in the third round of both the 2021 US Open and 2022 Australian Open, where she was the defending champion of both tournaments. The 24-year-old had also taken an indefinite break from tennis after her third-round loss to Leylah Annie Fernandez in Flushing Meadows last year, citing a loss of love for the game, before she returned Down Under this year. Osaka had even suffered a difficult time as recently in Indian Wells, when she crashed out in the second-round after a crowd heckler reduced her to tears. But she bounced back this week in Miami, reaching her first final since she won last year's Australian Open 13 months ago, and lost to good friend Iga Swiatek. While she was unable to win the title, the former world No 1 has taken the positives from her run in the sunshine state and is now looking to carry that into the clay swing with the help of Nadal. JUST IN: Nadal has 'no jokes' on the golf course as Ruud shares experiences  "I'm not as disappointed as I normally would be," the current world No 77 said after the final. "Normally, I would be crying in the locker room or something, but now I'm kind of chill. I feel like I know what I want to do better, and I just want to go back and start training again to hopefully win a tournament next time." With her next tournament coming during the clay swing at the Madrid WTA 1000, Osaka will now be studying none other than Nadal to help her improve her form and carry her Miami success into the clay tournaments. "I'm going to watch a lot of Nadal videos to see how he moves," she said after confirming she would be arriving in Europe a week early to begin training on the surface. Acknowledging her fellow Miami finalist on the men's side, she added: "Shout out, [Carlos] Alcaraz, because he's killing it." DON'T MISSDjokovic shares practice footage from Monte Carlo ahead of returnAlcaraz coach surprises Miami finalist with flight hours before matchBarty wins £17 golf tournament prize money after retiring from tennis  Osaka has notoriously been weaker on the clay and grass compared to the hard courts, winning all four of her Major titles in either Melbourne or New York on hard. By studying Nadal, she's hoping to improve her results on the clay as she explained: "I just think that knowing I'm still a student and I have to keep learning, clay and grass is something I really want to tackle this year. So I'm willing kind of to do whatever it takes to get good results. Not that results are everything, but I really want to do well. "I'm clearly not a clay expert, but I feel like if I get my movement together, I should be pretty good. I grew up on green clay, being from here, so it shouldn't be that foreign to me. And I know Madrid, Sabalenka won that last year, so I think that there are opportunities for me to do well. I think I just have to get my mentality together to know that every match would be a fight."  