Russia this week said it was preparing to pull-back its offensive on Ukraine's capital and the northern city of Chernihiv. While the announcement was welcomed, many leaders, including Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, claim it was simply a ruse intended for Vladimir Putin to regroup and refresh his troops. On Friday, Mr Zelensky said his forces were preparing for a fresh Russian attack on the Donbas region in the southeast. The region in question contains the self-proclaimed "people's republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk that Russia says it is helping to free from Ukrainian control. Donetsk includes the port city of Mariupol, which has seen some of the war's heaviest shelling and fighting, and is considered strategically key. While Ukraine prepares for another bout of conflict, elsewhere, Mr Zelensky appears to be pushing the Russians back in both the physical and digital realms. The country's efforts online have been commended, with Natia Seskuria, an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), noting that Ukraine was winning the "information war" against Russia. For decades, Putin has utilised the information space in his bid to spread Russia's influence both in its near abroad and overseas. Ms Seskuria told Express.co.uk: "Russia has been using this space for its own advantage for many years — they have mastered different strategies of how to use it through disinformation in their media, as well as using different actors online. "If we look back at what sort of strategies Russia used against Georgia during the 2008 invasion, we see that it had a huge advantage in the information space. "But, what we see now is that Ukraine is definitely winning in that space, and I think we need to give proper credit to Zelensky and his administration for this strategic communication they have been pushing at the same time as facing the military challenge on their territory. "Zelensky has communicated at every level with all segments of his own population but also with the West, like his speech to Congress. "The messages he is delivering around the world are very specific, often targeted at the people he is speaking to. JUST IN: Putin humiliated as ‘exhausted’ troops retreat from strategic airport "In the case of the US, he used a number of references to 9/11 and Pearl Harbour; and in the case of the UK he used references to Churchill. "Ukraine has as a result been very successful in gaining an advantage over Russia in the information space, and I think it has driven and motivated the West to unite against Russia and back Zelensky." Social media has been flooded with footage of the aftermath of Russian strikes on Ukrainian cities. These, added to images of people fleeing their homes, often with just a rucksack or suitcase, have worked to stir in the world's population deep feelings of injustice. Many videos and images of Russians protesting the war have also surfaced on social media, individuals often being carried away by the police for speaking out against the Kremlin. DON'T MISS 'Ukrainian curling' Soldiers kick anti-tank landmines out of road [REPORT] Former spy warns Ukraine conflict may end with Putin’s assassinat [INSIGHT] Putin humiliated as 300 troops 'hitchhike home' [ANALYSIS] A different sort of video emerged from Russia on Friday, after images posted to Twitter showed a blaze near apartment blocks in the Russian city of Belgorod, some 40 kilometres (25 miles) from the Ukrainian border. Some clips appear to show rockets fired from helicopters hitting the oil depot. Governor of the city, Vyacheslav Gladkov, claimed in a Telegram post that the helicopters seen firing on an oil storage depot were Ukrainian. He said: "There was a fire at the oil depot because of an air strike carried out by two Ukrainian army helicopters, which entered Russian territory at low altitude. Nobody was killed." He said emergency workers were trying to contain the first as quickly as possible and that there was "no threat'' to residents. After the strikes, Putin's spokesman also blamed Ukraine for the first and said the "air strike" did not create good conditions in which to continue peace talks with Kyiv. However, Ukrainian aircraft have not struck targets in Russia previously. On Thursday, several explosions were reported at an ammunition depot near Belgorod. Ukraine has yet to claim responsibility for the attack, but the BBC's defence correspondent Jonathan Beale noted that, "if it were confirmed, it would be the first time that Ukrainian aircraft have flown into Russian airspace to hit a target — bringing the war home to Russia."