Royal historian Hugo Vickers has argued for Prince Harry to not attend celebrations to mark his grandmother the Queen's 70 years on the British throne. The Queen's Platinum Jubilee is to be marked with a number of public events and royal engagements but Mr Vickers worries that the Duke of Sussex will detract from the celebrations with his presence. Mr Vickers told ITV's The Royal Rota podcast: "There are other forces working on Prince Harry I mean he's got contracts with publishers, he's got Netflix deals, he had a Netflix crew following him around and he has a wife. "I think all these people are controlling him in a different sort of way." Referring to Prince Harry's recent interview with a US TV outlet, he said: "American interviewers are very aggressive and they want answers to these things. "Presumably, he went along to talk about the Invictus Games and of course, he got the inevitable questions, which is why actually, I would rather hope that he doesn't come to the Jubilee. "Because I can see that whole of the media will be speculating as to whether he's getting on with his brother or his father or how he looks at his grandmother and so forth. "He would do best to stay away." "It would be the best present he could possibly give her and us," continued Mr Vickers. He added:" I don't want anything to deflect from the celebration of 70 years of magnificent reign of the Queen, unfortunately, I think inevitably, that would detract from it." In his NBC interview Harry also said he did not know if he will return to the UK to celebrate the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, saying there are "security issues and everything else". And he appeared to commit his immediate future to the US, saying: "Home for me now is, you know, for the time being, it's in the States, and it feels that way as well." In his interview with NBC's Today show the Duke of Sussex appeared to issue a veiled warning to those closest to the Queen saying he wanted to make sure his grandmother was "protected" and had "the right people around her". The duke did not elaborate on whether he was referring to royal aides or members of his own family, but his comments are likely to have deepened his rift with his father the Prince of Wales and his brother and perplexed palace officials. DON'T MISS: House engulfed by greenery 'forces' neighbour to build new wall [REVEALED] Dr Shola fumes at St George's Day [REPORT] Dr Chris explains how you could have Covid-19 for two years [LATEST] He side-stepped co-presenter Hoda Kotb's question if he missed his father or brother, and instead said: "For me at the moment I'm here focused on these guys and giving everything I can 120 percent to them to make sure they have the experience of a lifetime." It comes as the Queen was praised as an "inspiration" to so many in the UK and Commonwealth by the royal family as she celebrated her 96th birthday at her Sandringham estate. The head of state received well-wishes from the Prince of Wales, Duchess of Cornwall and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge as she marked her birthday privately. Gun salutes rang out across the capital in honour of the Queen's anniversary and Prime Minister Boris Johnson paid tribute to the monarch for her "dedicated and faultless service" over 70 years. 