Escape to the Chateau stars Dick and Angel Strawbridge took to Instagram last week to share a sneak peek of their holidays with their children, Arthur and Dorothy. Their fans could not believe how quickly the kids appeared to be growing up. The pair planned a getaway to enjoy the beach and celebrate Dorothy’s eighth birthday last Friday, a day after Angel turned 44. In a series of wholesome snaps, the couple’s young children were seen enjoying a day out in the sun. In view of their 232,000 followers, the Strawbridges captioned the shots: “Mr & Mrs Canute…Keeping the tide out! “Couple of days at the beach…it’s still birthday week... just! “Thank you for all your lovely messages. “Completely felt the love,” the Channel 4 stars concluded. In the pictures, Arthur and Dorothy could be seen digging a hole by the sea as they smiled broadly for the camera. But fans of the hit programme rushed to the post’s comments section to share their surprise over how much the Strawbridge children had grown up recently. Sputnik_wade said: “Dorothy is growing up so fast , she is so beautiful like her mummy.” Irma.steenbeek commented: “These must be the happiest kids with parents like the two of you. “So much creativity, nature and love surrounds them. Privileged to live where they live. “Love watching you every Sunday night (the Netherlands).” DON'T MISS: 'Heartbroken' Helen Mirren breaks silence after Rio Hackford's death [INSIGHT]Amanda Holden, 51, teases fans as she flaunts legs in daring skirt [LATEST]Carol Kirkwood sets record straight on BBC Breakfast future [UPDATE] Maria.akther chimed in: “Your children are growing so quickly.” Galeboop observed: “Dotty is getting as tall as Arthur Two wonderful children.” Dick previously addressed his children’s upbringing during a candid chat with BBC Radio 5 Live host Nihal Arthanayake. He explained that the youngsters are not spoilt and understand that they have to work towards achieving their goals. Dick said: "My eldest daughter, Charlotte [from a previous marriage], said, ‘How are Arthur and Dorothy not going to be spoilt living in a castle?’ "To be fair, they haven’t known anything different, they know that you work to actually achieve the life you do. Those values and the things that we do, they are very aware of that. "Yes, they’ve got a lovely playroom full of their stuff, their bedrooms, they’ve got a lovely environment. But their friends come to play and it’s nothing unusual. It’s just normal. "When Arthur and Dorothy go to visit their friends in the village, you know, they know it’s different, but they don’t see it as being anything especially different."