The criticism comes as the First Minister was grilled over the budget of the island ferry services, which is said to be more than £250m. Ms Sturgeon has also been questioned over employing a contracted “troubleshooter” to help with the fiasco at a rate of £2850 per day, a rate the First Minister defended as being the “market rate” at the time.  At a recent First Minister’s Questions, Ms Sturgeon repeatedly defended her Government’s decision to award a deal for two CalMac ferries to Ferguson Marine in 2015, saying it saved the yard and jobs. With the situation still ongoing, Alan Cochrane, a journalist and Scotland Editor for The Telegraph, said: “In the sink or swim world of Scottish politics, the First Minister has been left drowning after she is taken to task over the ferries debacle.” The journalist commented on the grilling Ms Sturgeon received by opposing Scottish parliamentarians. He said of Ms Sturgeon: “She was taken to task in a ferocious fashion by Labour’s Anas Sarwar and the Tories’ Douglas Ross for the expensive mess she and her Government have made of contracts for two ferries, desperately needed for Scotland’s hard-pressed island communities.”  According to Mr Cochrane, the figures involved vary from some reports, however, they still make for difficult reading for the First Minister. He said: “The cost of the ships started out at £97 million but, thanks to a catalogue of incompetence, appalling business sense and blatant political electioneering, that bill now tops at least £250 million. “Experts in the shipbuilding industry are now confidently predicting even that bloated total could easily eventually top £350-£400 million.” Scottish Labour’s Anwar Sarwar, speaking at FMQ’s session was also critical of the highly lucrative payment Ms Sturgeon is alleged to have given Tim Hair, the boss of the ship yard contracted to build the ships. With around £3000 per day, and totalling £2m for his services, Mr Anwar said: “Was the First Minister signing Lionel Messi? Who is she kidding?”  READ MORE:Sturgeon 'virtue signalling' in plans to scrap nuclear deterrents Mr Anwar also claims the package was designed as an incentive for Mr Hair to move to Scotland from Hampshire. Speaking in Holyrood of the costs, Mr Anwar said: “While people see their bills going up, they see a government paying a quarter of a billion pounds when there are still no ferries. “Contracts and jobs are going abroad, and £2 million has been paid to one person. “This government and this First Minister are all about spin and PR, while the public pays the bill.”  DON'T MISS:Man arrested after shopping naked in Screwfix [REVEAL]Economist forecasts UK GDP will overtake Eurozone in 2022 [OPINION]Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks [REPORT] Adding to the grilling Ms Sturgeon was facing, the Scottish Conservative leader stated he was happy jobs had been saved in Scotland over the deal, but hit back at the management of the project. Mr Ross said he was upset normal guarantees, as regards to reimbursement for work not done properly or completed on time, and was missing from the shipyard’s bid. He said Ms Sturgeon had not apologised to the people most affected by the five year-delay in the ferries’ completion - Scotland’s island communities because the ships were “vital to their way of life and work”. Mr Cochrane said following the FMQs: “After a pretty brutal grilling, La Sturgeon insisted that she had followed correct procedures before adding, somewhat dolefully: 'I don't set the market rates for what people are paid'. “And in her defence, one thing is certain - she would not have got Lionel Messi for a mere £2 million.”  Ms Sturgeon said she had “deep regret” the vessels had not yet been put into service on island routes, adding “lessons will be learned” from the experience. She said: “We will learn the lessons from this. “I’ve said several times today, I deeply regret the experience of this and I’m standing here and taking, as I did last week, full responsibility. “But my focus, the Government’s focus is on learning the lessons and securing the future of the shipyard.” In response to comments about Mr Hair, Ms Sturgeon said: “Decisions were taken at the time in line with proper processes and procedures and people paying the market rates. “I don’t set the market rates for what people are paid.” 