Personal Independence Payments (PIP) can be worth up to £628 a month and could be a lifeline to those struggling due to the cost of living crisis. While not all health conditions qualify, Britons can take an online PIP test before applying. Hundreds of thousands of people are estimated to be losing out on disability benefits like PIP from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). PIP is a disability benefit paid by the DWP to anyone under state pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. There are different rates, and these are paid depending on how much someone's condition affects them. Daily living partLower weekly rate: £61.85Higher weekly rate: £92.40 Mobility partLower weekly rate: £24.45Higher weekly rate: £64.50 READ MORE: DWP announces Universal Credit roll out plans Unfortunately, some people are put off applying because they find the process too complicated. Citizen’s Advice has published some useful tips on its website to help people navigate the PIP process. It says it's best to begin a PIP claim by calling the DWP, however it’s a good idea to conduct the online test first. PIP claims can take up to six months to go through, but they can be backdated to the date the claim was first started. A Citizen’s Advice spokesperson said: “If they decide you can get PIP, they’ll pay you the money you should have got from the date you called them.” DON'T MISS:Tesco Clubcard shake-up could affect anyone with points or vouchers [WARNING]List of councils seriously worried about council tax rebate scams [ALERT]'Don’t click!': Urgent parcel scam warning [INSIGHT]     Take the PIP test Anyone who believes they may be eligible for PIP, may want to go through the questions on the Benefits and Work website. The test will determine whether potential applicants would score enough points to receive PIP for both the daily living and mobility components of PIP. This will help people work out if they would qualify for up to £628 a month.  Once the questions have been answered, people can submit their email address and sent a copy of the results. This will help claimants fill in the “How your disability affects you” evidence form from the DWP if they decide to press ahead. People score a number of points based on how difficult they find it to carry out certain activities. These include things like washing and bathing, engaging with people face-to-face and making budgeting decisions.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Eligibility is not based on the condition a person has or the medication they take, but rather, the level of help needed because of the how the condition affects them. In total 19 conditions typically qualify for PIP including:  People can start a claim by calling the PIP line on 0800 917 2222.