G Callen’s (played by Chris O’Donnell) obsession with his new nemesis Katya (Eve Barlow) could start to threaten his relationship with Anna Kolcheck (Bar Paly) in the next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles. The popular NCIS spin-off is headed toward a dramatic conclusion to its 13th season in the next few weeks, but could this be the end of one of the CBS drama’s most popular couples? Anna reveals to Callen she’ll be staying with her father, Arkady (Vyto Ruginis), for a while in the latest promo for this Sunday’s episode of NCIS: LA. In the 17th episode of season 13, the team helps a Naval intelligence officer investigate the mysterious disappearance of one of his colleagues. Meanwhile, Callen takes a risky trip down memory lane when he enlists the help of a psychologist to track down a man he believes was present at his training as a child. However, Anna believes her special agent boyfriend still has Katya on his mind after her deepfake scheme got out of control. READ MORE: Owain Wyn Evans husband: Who is the BBC Breakfast star married to? In the new clip, Anna gets off the phone with Arkady and confirms: “I’ve decided to stay at his place for a little while.” Callen is rather taken aback by the news and reminds her they’ve just started securing plans to move into their own place. “What are you talking about?” he asks. “We’ve just signed the papers for the new place in the Mariner.” He pauses for a second, worried, and adds: “Are you breaking up with me?” Anna assures him that’s not the case, and even tells Callen she loves him for the first time. “The last few months have been…” she begins before Callen interjects. “Hard, I know,” he says. “But Katya hasn’t called in weeks. Not since I found that film reel.” Earlier in the season, Callen recovered a reel of film in Katya’s vault which could prove instrumental in taking her down. DON'T MISS:Gogglebox backlash: Shirley called out for ‘insulting’ co-star [REACTION]Mike Bushell ‘at the head of betting’ to replace Dan Walker [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah shares update on season 14 [LATEST] In retaliation, another sneak peek has revealed Katya has been spreading inappropriate deepfake videos of Callen across social media and official NCIS emails. Callen is getting closer and closer to taking down the Russian agent, but Anna is clearly worried his mission is getting in the way of their relationship. “I’m just tired of letting Katya define our relationship,” she tells him. “I think we should take a step back. Just for a little while.” Anna’s decision could mean fans won’t see them move in together until the next season, though it could have even direr implications. If Callen becomes even more obsessed with finding Katya, he may start putting off taking the next step with his girlfriend for longer and longer. Fans have also speculated Anna might be lying about speaking to Arkady on the phone and could, instead, be formulating her own plan to take down Callen’s enemy. With Katya out of the way, Callen and Anna will finally have time to focus on moving in and perhaps even starting a family. Unfortunately, life is never so simple for an agent of the NCIS, and Callen could even lay down an ultimatum of his own if he discovers Anna has been keeping more secrets. NCIS Los Angeles season 13 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.