Frank Lampard has fired back at Stan Collymore after the former England striker suggested that Dele Alli should retire from football earlier this week. Alli's powers have waned over the past couple of years, but he's struggled to make any sort of impact at Everton after he joined the club in January in a bid to rekindle his career. Collymore touched on mental health issues when giving his verdict on Alli's struggles; an issue that has plagued Collymore in the past. And the former Liverpool ace urged Alli to consider walking away from football if he'd fallen out of love with the game. But Lampard has insisted that Alli doesn't look like a player who has lost his love for football - and he admitted that he felt Collymore's comments after wading into the debate on the ex-Tottenham man were a bit too "strong". “I saw those comments and it is important to broach them because I know Stan a little bit and he had difficulties which he has been open about in his career. I understand where he is coming from on his own front, but to speak about someone you do not know, and put them in the same bracket, or question if they should be in that bracket, was a little bit much. READ MORE: Kane tipped to get better as Hart lifts lid on 'lunatic' striker “From my point of view I have the familiarity of working with Dele every day and I do not see a player who wants to retire at that age. That was a strong comment.” Alli has been pelted with criticism in the wake of struggles on the pitch. But Lampard admitted that the only way for Alli to fire back at his critics is to perform on the pitch. He added: “What I do see - and I do see people can comment in that way - is he has a lot to prove. "The basics are that when you have a lot to prove you have to get your head down, you have to listen to that stuff because that’s the job we are in, and you have to prove people wrong on the pitch, and that starts on the training pitch. I see it like that.” DON'T MISS...Man City's Guardiola hints Dias will not return in time for LiverpoolMan Utd chiefs in 'considerable debate' over Ten Hag and PochettinoThomas Tuchel 'confident' of new Antonio Rudiger Chelsea contract Alli has still yet to start a game for Everton since arriving at the club - and he's set to start this weekend's crunch clash against West Ham on the bench. But Lampard has insisted that Alli is putting in the work to transform the trajectory of his career. “He is working, and I am seeing him work. But I always believed it would take some time. Dele has to train and show he is in that way of thinking.Every time he comes on he has to show he is worthy of starting a game. I am not saying he has not done that. Some players say they are better when they start. I said that as a player. “The reality from my side of the fence is you work on the individual. When the time is right and I feel he is there and will help the team, he will do it. He is the same as every other player when it comes to that."