Edwina Currie, 75, has urged Rylan Clark, 33, to "get real" as the former MP defended Prime Minister Boris Johnson over the Partygate furore. The ex-politician reacted to the BBC presenter's tweet where he insisted that the Conservative leader had "broken the law" after being issued a fine for holding a party during the Covid lockdown. Edwina warned the broadcaster that Russian President Vladimir Putin is "laughing at us" in a social media post today. It comes after the former Big Brother host took to the micro-blogging site and suggested that Boris had broken the law. In view of his 1.7 million followers, Rylan penned: "He’s officially broke the law. That’s it ain’t it?" Edwina reacted to the presenter's remark about events that took place two years ago. READ MORE: Victoria Beckham dressed celeb pals at Brooklyn's wedding In view of her 23,800 followers, she reposted Rylan's comment and slapped down his claim. She wrote: "No, it isn’t. Shouldn’t have happened, but it’s done now. In case you hadn’t noticed, this all happened two years ago. "Putin is laughing at us. Get real." Her comments sparked a reaction as social media users were left divided about her post. Twitter user, Chris Ryle Wright quizzed: "Do crimes not count after two years?" Conga fumed: "Crimes are usually investigated and punished retrospectively, that’s how it works. What the hell are you on?!" Suzan added: "Yes and people are still grieving the loss of loved ones whom they weren't able to say goodbye to in person or have a proper funeral and wake for and the fact you and so many other Conservative MPs and members are being so dismissive of their pain speaks volumes." Rylan has since addressed Edwina's comments as he hit back at the former Tory MP. DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp's sister says Amber Heard called him 'old, fat man'[LATEST]Dan Walker admits 'upsetting' Sally Nugent amid replacement update[TV]Piers Morgan says time zone change have 'cured his long Covid'[ADMISSION] He hit back: "I did not have @Edwina_Currie on my bingo card for this morning. "Edwina, there’s a war, we’re living with Covid, there’s a lot going on publicly and personally. I’m aware when it was. Believe me I don’t need to 'get real' it’s a statement. "Not an opinion. You stay well, as will I." Social media users swiftly responded, as Claire said: "Exactly @Rylan! & it wouldn't have been 2yrs ago if they'd have been honest from the start & admitted they broke the law!"(sic) Vicki Churchill quizzed: "So people can’t be held accountable for stuff they did 2 years ok? Ok hun…." It comes after the prime minister and chancellor Rishi Sunak have rejected calls to resign, despite being fined by police for breaking lockdown rules in Downing Street in June 2020. Boris, Rishi and the government leader's wife Carrie Johnson all received fixed penalty notices for attending a birthday gathering for the PM in No 10. As a result, Boris became the UK's first serving prime minister to be sanctioned for breaking the law. All three apologised, but opposition MPs say the PM and the chancellor must quit.