Dr Nikki Ramskill is the only doctor in the top 10 personal finance blogs in the UK with The Female Money Coach. She has 13 years of experience in the NHS as a women's health specialist and has seen the impact of poor money management on the mental health of her patients. She is a trained money coach and award-winning personal finance blogger and shares her tips on her Instagram @femalemoneydoc. Dr Nikki told Express.co.uk how she has saved £1000 from her own family budget by switching up her subscriptions ahead of the cost of living crisis. Dr Nikki said: "Ditching subscriptions we don't use has by far been the biggest winner." She listed some of her biggest subscriptions savings, including switching from Sky to BT. Nikki said: "I switched us from Sky to BT (we weren't watching it anyway), cancelled my audible subscription (I had enough books), switched our home contents insurance to a cheaper provider, and cancelled some other subscriptions I didn't need anymore (like a clothing one I had subscribed to). "All in all, I saved around £1000 a year just by making a few cuts. "It's amazing how much it all adds up when you're not paying attention." READ MORE: Money saving mum: How to get fruit and veg for better than half price and save £555 a year Nikki shared a couple of the other methods she's used to save her family money. She said: "Use loyalty cards on everything. It's amazing how much it all adds up, from points in boots to free hotel room stays. "If you're someone who pays their credit card off in full every month, monopolise on this and earn points. "One of my favourites is the Amazon card. Every now and then I get an Amazon voucher to spend on whatever I like." DON'T MISSHow can Britons 'lessen the burden' as costs increase at a 'serious rate' [COST OF LIVING] A £20 heated blanket from Amazon is 'cheaper to run than heating' [SAVINGS] Money saving woman who paid off 20k of debt details her strategy [HOW TO] The expert went on: "I love cashback. I run everything I buy online through TopCashBack, and I could do more with other sites too like Honey and Quidco, but there are only so many hours in the day! "These sites help you to collect cashback on purchases that soon adds up. "I once purchased a Fitbit with this money, and recently had a nice deposit of cash that I spent on a birthday present for a friend." She also told Express readers how she saves on her heating. Dr Nikki said: "We delay putting on the heating in the winter until it's absolutely necessary, wearing jumpers and using blankets and socks to keep warm. "There's also the obvious stuff like making sure lights are turned off when not in use and using energy-efficient light bulbs." Another money saving expert has advised how to save £80 on your heating. Chloe Carmichael is a money saving expert and founder of Chloe’s Deal Club. According to the expert, just a small change can save a chunk of money. She said: "Turning your heating down by one degree could save you around £80 a year on energy and you probably won’t notice the temperature difference."