As his troops pull back from Kyiv to counterattack elsewhere, leaving evidence of mass graves at Bucha and other war crimes in their wake, our political class’ attention is diverted. Playing to the home crowd, they announce the seizure of boats in London’s Canary Wharf and Mallorca’s Marina Real. Understandably, there is a need for governments to be seen to be taking urgent action. Large and expensive yachts lend themselves to the imperative of such optics: they are photogenic and somewhat easy to track down. But this a case of form over substance, and it’s a mistake. If anything, it tells Putin the west does not understand Russia, nor is serious about foreclosing the Russian economy and with it his war. Putin came to power on a pledge to make Russia great again. After the economic and social calamities of the Yeltsin years, it was key to bring the oligarch class to heel. In the early years, as his military was reducing to ashes independent-minded parts of the Russian Federation in Chechnya and Ingushetia, Putin set upon Yeltsin’s oligarchs, curtailing their independence and their influence. They no longer have the authority to raise any matter with the Kremlin: orders are given only in the other direction. To halt another Bucha, Britain and her allies must stop the trivialities at home and increase the geopolitical efforts abroad. This should start by prising from the Kremlin’s grasp those countries still under its vassalage in eastern Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia. They can act as sieves for Russian money and conduits for sanctions-busting. Far from being isolated as we are led to believe, Russia has its own EU equivalent political and economic union comprising former soviet states Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan. There is a case for simply sanctioning all these countries to the same extent as Russia. Certainly, Belarus is a hopeless case. Heavily sanctioned following a sham election, it cleaved closer to Russia. Then, when it was called upon, it acted as Moscow’s springboard for its invasion of Northern Ukraine. The others are not yet beyond redemption. But given their current dependence on Moscow, simply pulling the economic plug without offering support could unleash other consequences: a revanchist Armenia may choose war with its neighbour Azerbaijan, as it has done in the past to smokescreen social and political crises at home; Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan, already pressured by Islamic militants, may boil over. Some may baulk at building political relations with regimes with little regard for human rights or freedom of expression. Yet we cannot allow it to obscure the fact they are crucial in making sanctions watertight. Their leaders will not be their leaders forever. Still, for now, we must work with those who are in office, offering both incentive and threat to bring them on board and help the west plug those gaps. Those with close connections can be the extended hands. Perhaps most obviously, France should take Armenia. With a large Armenian diaspora, the nation retains strong ties to the South Caucasus country. The UK could be at the forefront of efforts with Kazakhstan, given it is the third largest investor in the country. In fact, a top Kazakh official is signalling they want out of Russian dominance, when he explicitly tells the European press the nation “will not be a tool to circumvent the sanctions”. Meanwhile, Kyrgyzstan, one of the weakest economic states in the region, would be receptive to any advance from another major European power. This has worked before. The UK’s hand helped two other South Caucasus nations pull themselves out of dependency. BP was the first major investor in the region, signing the “Contract of the Century” in Azerbaijan to help develop its energy deposits. Its pipelines now traverse across Georgia on their way to Europe, guaranteeing it both gas and transit fees. That assurance meant neither country agreed in 1999 to renew the Russian-led military alliance they – along with many other post-Soviet states – had signed up to immediately after their independence. For those still in Russia’s orbit, they will come under significant and increasing pressure to bust sanctions in service of their former imperial master. Unless the West supplies economic support, they will have nowhere else to turn. Then the punitive measures against Moscow, forged on newly reformed and long-absent international solidarity, will surely lose their effect. · Nigel Szembel is a senior advisor to City companies and institutions, executive producer of the award-winning film “Hurricane” – the story of the Polish 303 Squadron who helped win the Battle of Britain, and a former officer in the British Army Reserves. His Polish father was forcibly conscripted into the Soviet Red Army during WWII, later released under “amnesty” granted to the Poles by Stalin, before arriving in the UK as part of the Polish Army.