Chelsea still believe that Antonio Rudiger can be convinced to extend his stay at Stamford Bridge in spite of Real Madrid's interest in the defender and the club's off-field situation, according to reports. Rudiger is widely expected to leave Chelsea upon the expiry of his contract at the end of the season after failing to strike an agreement over fresh terms in the last few months. Real Madrid have been credited with an interest in bringing Rudiger to the Bernabeu in the summer transfer window and are said to have already entered talks with the player's representatives to discuss the possibility of a move. However, Chelsea are still optimistic that Rudiger will eventually decide to remain in west London, according to The Independent.Chelsea's ability to sign new players and tie down their existing stars has been hampered by the financial restrictions currently in place at the club after Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government last month. That said, it seems likely that a sale will be completed by the end of May to allow the Blues to resume normal service in the transfer market.Rudiger is said to have entertained interest from the likes of Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester United over the last few months but is said to be happy to work under Thomas Tuchel at Chelsea for the foreseeable future. The German defender has established himself as one of the world's best centre-backs under Tuchel's guidance since the 48-year-old was appointed to replace Frank Lampard in January of last year. JUST IN: Chelsea can use Bakayoko transfer development to their advantage Although Rudiger would reportedly be open to the idea of staying at Chelsea, he remains determined to keep his options open until the end of the season. The Blues are understood to respect his decision and will not put pressure on him to extend his stay at Stamford Bridge as he weighs up his future over the coming weeks and months.Rudiger has excelled since joining Chelsea from Roma in the summer of 2017 and has emerged as one of the club's most important assets after playing a major role in shaping last season's Champions League triumph. The 29-year-old recently insisted that his family are settled and happy with life in London when quizzed on his thoughts about the idea of staying at Chelsea earlier this year.  "Like always, I'm fully committed to the cause," Rudiger told Sky Sports back in January. "Talks are between my side and the club, and that's everything you need to know."You need to listen to the missus, you have to think about your family. My kids were born here in London so that tells you that my family feel great here, the rest is up to other people to make decisions and then we will see if we come together or not." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here