As tickets go on sale for Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, a new TV spot trailer has dropped showing off thrilling new footage. The most exciting previously unseen moment has to be Scarlet Witch reaching out to her sons from WandaVision. Marvel fans will remember that Wanda created twins Billy and Tommy for her idealistic fake life with Vision before she had to let them go. However, WandaVision’s end credits scene saw Scarlet Witch searching the multiverse for her boys. So presumably she’ll do anything to get them back in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, after suffering nightmares in this new footage. Interestingly, Billy and Tommy grow up to be members of the Young Avengers in the comics, so maybe that's where they're headed in the MCU movies. Tommy aka Thomas Shepherd becomes Speed, a superhero who can run incredibly fast just like his uncle Quicksilver. His brother Billy aka William Kaplan-Altman also becomes a Young Avenger called Wiccan. Like his mother Scarlet Witch, he has magical abilities including being able to warp reality. Maybe as the MCU goes on they’ll team up with Kate Bishop’s Hawkeye and Ant-Man’s daughter Cassie aka Stature for a Young Avengers movie. Back to the new Doctor Strange 2 trailer and we also had a new look at Sinister Strange, an evil variant of Benedict Cumberbatch’s wizard, but this time with a third eye on his forehead. On top of the latest footage, Marvel Studios have released some stunning new posters for the upcoming movie. DON'T MISSDoctor Strange 2: Benedict Cumberbatch shoots down Avengers hopes [DOCTOR STRANGE]Ghost Rider star Nicolas Cage breaks silence on 'temptation' to return [GHOST RIDER]Doctor Strange 2 massive reshoots: 'Almost like a new film’ [RESHOOTS] The new posters tease different variants of the main characters from Doctor Strange to Scarlet Witch, Wong and Baron Mordo. Alongside these are further looks at Rachel McAdams’ Christine Palmer and Xochitl Gomez’s America Chavez. The latter has the ability to travel across the multiverse, so will clearly be teaming up with Cumberbatch’s lead. Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness hits UK cinemas on May 5, 2022.