Sunday Brunch's Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer welcomed guests Boyzlife members Brian McFadden and Keith Duffy, Gemma Whelan, and Munya Chawawa on Sunday, April 17. Whilst the guests were still sitting social distancing, Keith and Brian were sat at the end of the table next to one another but soon left viewers questioning whether they were drunk due to their loud presence and excitable attitude towards everything. Introducing the guests to the show, Tim asked: "How are we all?" to which Keith exclaimed above everyone: "Fantastic! Happy Easter!" Tim revealed to the pair: "It is your fifth time on the show, guys, so we have a special gift for you under the clothes. "There you go, your silver mugs, and we have given you a plate." Confused by the gift, Keith asked: "Why have you given us plates with Right Said Fred on it?" READ MORE: Piers Morgan slates Alex Beresford after infamous GMB feud Tim laughed and jibed: "It's you two," to which Keith hit back: "That's too rude for this early in the morning!" "We have thrown one of those in there, it is our tenth-anniversary plate we have given you, but the silver mugs, our catchphrase is don't wash them in the dishwasher," Tim informed them. Keith joked to the other guests: "No, if you put them in the dishwasher, then they come out with hair!" Whilst the pair were having a joke with their fellow guests and hosts Tim and Simon Rimmer, viewers thought the pair were acting odd and took to Twitter to discuss the topic. @Jonoread commented: "These two had the right idea pre-drinking before #SundayBrunch." @dark7092 added: "At first, I thought it was just Keith who was hammered but nope, both of #boyzlife are completed wasted #SundayBrunch @boyzlifeOFCL." @MadKDog asked: "Are they drunk, though? #SundayBrunch." @lexi_2481 said: "Keith and Bryan had the right idea..boozing before coming on #SundayBrunch to get through it." DON'T MISS...Sunday Brunch fans distracted by guest's 'undertaker' outfit  [INSIGHT]Matt Tebbutt credits Simon Rimmer in snub for his career as a TV chef [LATEST]Tim Lovejoy teased by Sunday Brunch guests as segment goes awry [WACTH] @katefacexo tweeted: "So, are Keith & Brian from boyzlife steaming aye? #sundaybrunch" @LollieSims55 quipped: "Are they drunk? If so, then that has absolutely made my morning! Yes, lads #sundaybrunch." (sic) This isn't the first time that fans have suspected that the pair were drunk during their appearance on Sunday Brunch. Back in 2017, the former Westlife star appeared alongside Boyzone's Keith Duffy to discuss their Boyzlife tour. The pair joined Tim and Simon to dicsuss their music career and their new album which is set to be released May 6, 2022. Their latest album, named Old School, is the supergroup's first original material studio album, after they released their first single The One in October 2021. Other songs on the 10-track album include Burn For You, A Little Saving, All This Time, Glory Days, Because I Love Somebody, Coming Back To You, Her, If I Asked You To Love and Distant Sun. Sunday Brunch airs Sunday from 9:30am on Channel 4.