Cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, garnered popularity after sharing her cleaning tips and recommendations on social media and TV. The cleaning enthusiast has managed to gain over 4.3 million followers on Instagram. Now, fans of hers have created their own social media groups dedicated to cleaning and tidying tips. On one such group, Facebook user Ann Hardman said: “What is the best thing to clean the shower screens. Thank you.” Ann’s post was inundated with suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans, but the most popular response was to use white vinegar. Mrs Hinch fans suggested either using white vinegar neat or with washing up liquid. Stephanie Chinnery said: “One cup of white vinegar, one cup of washing up liquid. READ MORE: 'Swear by it': Mrs Hinch fans share how to remove weeds from driveway “Works a dream and lasts ages!” Sian Marie Williams agreed and said: “Equal amounts of washing up liquid and white vinegar. “Scrub on neat, rinse with warm water and buff dry with a microfibre cloth.” Kathryn Denman commented: “White vinegar and a glass cloth.” DON'T MISSHow to keep cut flowers fresh: 2 simple ingredients [INSIGHT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [UPDATE]‘Well maintained’ garden can increase house price by £15k [ANALYSIS] Kathryn added: “I clean people's houses for a living and always use this.” Ally Farrier suggested: “A spray bottle with dish liquid and vinegar with a magic eraser.” Amy Barnes wrote: “Just white vinegar.” Kelsey Sadler simply said: “White vinegar.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs £1 from Yorkshire Trading Co. The Range also sells Stardrops White Vinegar Spray for 89p. Dri-pak Clean & natural White vinegar costs £2 from B&Q. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray is just £1.50. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using glass cleaner, Viakal and Method spray.  Jo Bristo said: “I use glass cleaner daily, keeps it sparkling clean and works great.” Joan Ruffle replied: “Astonish shower spray cleans mirrors to work for me.” Sandra Tippen wrote: “I shower every morning and I spray with Shower and Shine and once a week use Viakal to rinse off and dry with an old towel.” Denise Stewart said: “Method shower spray! Fab results. Not harmful too.”