Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino has insisted he never said Kylian Mbappe will definitely still be plying his trade at the Parc des Princes next season. Mbappe has been widely tipped to join Real Madrid this summer when his contract in France comes to an end. Mbappe scored twice for PSG on Friday night as his team drew 3-3 with Strasbourg less than a week after the Parisians were crowned Ligue 1 champions. And ahead of the match Pochettino clarified comments he had made the last time he spoke about the blockbuster star. “My words saying Kylian will 100 per cent [be] with us next year,” mused the former Tottenham manager. “I didn’t say this - that was not my message. I answered about today not for next season.” Pochettino appears to be clinging to his job at PSG after an underwhelming season in France. Despite winning the Ligue 1 title at a canter, the French side were off the pace in Europe and blew a two-goal aggregate advantage over Real Madrid in the last 16 of the Champions League as they exited the competition in March. READ MORE: Tottenham's Eriksen return hopes boosted as midfielder makes 'preference' clear   Following his side’s domestic triumph, Pochettino was asked by a reporter to give the likelihood of him staying in Paris. “As of today I'm 100 per cent staying and it's the same for Mbappe,” the 50-year-old replied. “That is how I feel today - that is what I can say to you today. I can't say anything else. This is football and we never know what might happen - but I have to answer the question based on how I feel today.” It now appears Pochettino’s comments were misinterpreted and Mbappe could indeed be heading for the PSG exit. Mbappe has been in scintillating form this season and his strikes against Strasbourg were his 34th and 35th of the season in all competitions. He’s also provided 23 assists. DON'T MISS Roy Keane rants after Man Utd draw to Chelsea as Jamie Redknapp holds back laughter [REACTION]West Ham fans 'attack' German media after Michail Antonio goal against Frankfurt[REPORT]Liverpool 'considering two more signings' after completing Fabio Carvalho transfer[GOSSIP]      And the France international has shown up his team-mates Lionel Messi and Neymar, who have managed just 20 goals and 21 assists between them. Mbappe looked set to join Real last summer after Los Blancos made a £137million bid for him. But PSG rejected the offer. Mbappe is still only 23 years old but has already been at the top of the game for years and was part of the France squad that lifted the World Cup in 2018. He has won the Ligue 1 title a staggering five times already and has got his hands on the French top flight’s golden boot on three occasions. And if he does move to Spain, he could even kick-on to another level and become one of the best players to ever play the game.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here