With so few houses on the market, it is crucial the property is as attractive as possible to potential buyers. On top of that, moving costs are expensive, but with property expert Sarah Beeny’s advice, sellers can bump up the asking price by a couple of grand if they do a few things before buyers walk through the door. Sarah began: “The best way to sell your home is to make it feel engaging for the person who’s come to look around. “That means making sure they feel at home in your home. “I think it’s really important to point out things that make the house special but not a running diatribe, so you don’t have to say ‘here’s the kitchen’, obviously it’s the kitchen, it’s got an oven and a sink in it. “But it’s nice to say ‘there’s a really great pub down the road that serves good food’, or just ‘half a mile that way there’s a shop that’s open 24 hours a day that is really handy if you run out of milk.’” READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows Sarah is also a stickler for a clean and tidy house. “Clean it!” She remarked. “That’s something that’s massively underrated - especially the windows because it makes the most phenomenal difference.” Don’t neglect the space underneath your feet either, as a “sparkling floor will instantly life the room”. “And make sure it doesn’t smell, and not smelling includes not smoking and not having smelly dogs. “But also, that includes those hideous plug-in air fresheners that squirt toxic fumes at you all the time. DON'T MISS...Phil Spencer: ‘Concentrate’ on the ‘bare bones’ when viewing homes [EXCLUSIVE]Homeowner shocked as property jumps two council tax bands [NEWS]Mrs Hinch fans share 89p product to stop kitchen bin odours [CLEANING] “So you need to just clean the house and open the windows,” she reiterated. In terms of making an impression without spending too much money and time redecorating, Sarah suggested adding foliage into rooms. “I would say plants,” she commented. “They’re amazing - plants everywhere. “Herbs growing in kitchens, everybody loves plants.” Sarah concluded with: “People often feel they need to empty everything out of a house to sell it, but that isn’t the case. “You need to have a soul and a personality in the house for someone to want to live there,” she told The Telegraph. But sellers also need to be concious of clutter as it “doesn’t sell homes”. “Clutter makes them seem smaller and disorganised. Take time to remove as much as possible without leaving the rooms bear,” she added. The expert also suggested making minor repairs. “Got a dripping tap or a cracked tile? These will send the wrong message to potential buyers. “From removing grubby sealant to replacing damaged areas of carpet, getting all problems fixed before putting the house on the market is a smart idea.” Doing these few things can “add £5,000 to the asking price,” she told Ideal Home.