Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge's visit to the Caribbean last week highlighted growing republicanism amongst several Commonwealth nations. Protesters doggedly pursued the couple during their tour, questioning the post-imperial presence in their home countries. With the Bahamas, Jamaica and Belize tipped to join Barbados in ditching the Queen as their head of state in 2022, one expert has outlined whether this could also persuade Britons to take the leap as well. While touring, Prince William, the heir to the throne, revealed that he would support nations toying with leaving the Commonwealth. He told attendees at a speech that "relationships evolve" and "friendship endures". While his tour may have exposed weakening royal influence in the Caribbean, experts don't believe this has spread in the UK. READ MORE: Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice 'received Turkish fraudster money' Speaking to Express.co.uk, Dr Robert Morris, a senior research associate at University College London's (UCL) Constitution Unit, explained why it was "difficult" to see how republican Commonwealth countries would impact the UK. He said: "The UK monarchy is unique in being head of state in 14 other independent countries. "Government and royal policy has always been that it is a matter for the individual member countries to decide whether they want to keep the monarchy. "Prince Charles attended Barbados’s ceremony to wish the country well." "The overwhelming majority of Commonwealth members are republics already and it is difficult to think of a reason why, if they all become republics, that change alone should place the UK monarchy in special peril or add to the arguments for the UK becoming the formal republic it has long informally been." Professor Morris added that while the monarchy may seem odd, it has unique constitutional benefits. He said: "Hereditary monarchy may well seem odd but, if examined and thought about, can be seen to it provide a uniquely valuable impartiality. "All the current European monarchies are effectively social democracies ranking high in global indexes of freedom." Protesters in the Caribbean have asked for more than straightforward independence. Following the royal visits, three groups have united to demand reparations. At the height of the transatlantic slave trade, up to five million enslaved Africans were put to work in the Caribbean and subjected to generations of systemic abuse. The British Empire was a core sponsor of the practice and exerted control over the nations now seeking republic status. Three groups, the Bahamas National Reparations Committee (BNRC), the Advocacy Network in Jamaica and the indigenous Maya people of Belize, have formed a united effort to demand reparations from Britain for its part. They dismissed the royal tour as a "charm offensive" and condemned Britain's "savagery" in enslaving the Caribbean people. The group added: “Going forward, we will stand stronger, united in our call for reparatory justice and in supporting the roadmap for redress laid out by the CARICOM Reparations Commission. "We will stand strong, united in our celebration of the resilience of Caribbean people who have accomplished much since our independence, against the odds, and we commit to continuing in this tradition in tackling contemporary challenges, rooting out all vestiges of our post-colonial past and empowering our people to achieve more.”