George (played by Tony Maudsley) and Eileen's (Sue Cleaver) relationship is yet to progress in Coronation Street as he keeps finding excuses not to spend the night together. In upcoming scenes on the ITV soap, Todd Grimshaw (Gareth Pierce) sets it upon himself to try and work out what George is hiding from Eileen. However, will George break up with Eileen to keep his secret hidden?  Official soap spoilers have revealed George once again refuses to let Eileen stay at his home by blaming his over-protective cat. Later on, the funeral director is stunned when he arrives home to discover Eileen snooping around his garden. When Eileen tells him she wanted to see if he was telling the truth about his cat, George is furious. After hearing about the unsuccessful trip to George’s house Todd becomes determined to get to the bottom of the matter. READ MORE: All Creatures Great and Small boss details story development Will George finally decide to come clean to Eileen about his big secret? Feeling rejected and pushed aside, Elieen later tells George not to be so ridiculous and insists he stays the night at hers. However, it soon becomes clear George is worried about staying over. Spoilers have hinted the character fears a sleepless future which suggests he could be suffering from a condition that affects his sleep.   Perhaps he does not feel ready to open up to Eileen about his medical condition which he may feel self-conscious about. Will the character break things off with Eileen to avoid the subject being brought up again? If he is suffering from an illness, it could be beneficial for him to share his feelings with Eileen so she can understand him more. If he ends their relationship without a proper explanation Eileen is bound to be left confused and angry.  DON'T MISS...'Cultural shock' Bill Roache recalls childhood struggles [INTERVIEW]Bill Roache: Soap star on how to avoid health problems - exercise [LATEST]William Roache's affection for Corrie co-star Joanna Lumley unearthed [INSIGHT] George actor Tony Maudsley recently took Twitter to reveal he's renewed his contract and will be staying on the soap. He shared a selfie from inside the Rovers and penned: "That's me (and George) all signed up to Corrie till at least July 2023, and I couldn't be happier!" The actor stepped into Weatherfield two years ago following the death of his character's father, Archie Shuttleworth (Roy Hudd). He took over the family business and soon started a relationship with Eileen after the pair agreed not to rush into things.  Reflecting on his first year in the soap, he said last September: "It has taken a while, he has been eased into the show very gradually over the past 12 months. "He was flagged as a new love interest for Eileen, but if he had got with her too quickly, people wouldn't have liked it, it would have jarred as the viewers are so protective over Eileen. "Sue has been on the show 21 years, and but with all the problems Eileen has had with men, I think the viewers are on George's side. Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV. 