GDP growth has come in disappointingly below forecast in latest figures released by the ONS (Office for National Statistics). Growth fell from 0.8 percent in January to 0.1 percent in February, with the production and construction sectors both seeing declines while services saw modest growth of 0.2 percent. While monthly GDP is now back above pre-Covid levels the slowdown raises concerns over the impact of inflation and the UK's rising costs of living and doing business. Suren Thiru, Head of Economics at the British Chambers of Commerce, said: “February’s slowdown is likely to be the start of a prolonged period of considerably weaker growth as rising inflation, surging energy bills and higher taxes increasingly damages key drivers of UK output, including consumer spending and business investment." He warned: "The Government must provide urgent financial support, through the expansion of the energy bills rebate scheme, to include small firms and energy intensive businesses, and an SME energy price cap to protect smaller firms from some of the price increases.” The increasingly bleak outlook puts further pressure on Chancellor Rishi Sunak following widespread claims from business and consumer groups that measures announced in the recent Spring Statement do not go far enough. Alpesh Paleja, Lead Economist at the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), said: "It’s clear that growth impetus remains underwhelming. "While the Government took some steps to sustain confidence in our economy in the Spring Statement, they don’t do enough to tackle the current challenges facing firms.   “The only enduring response to these is a relentless campaign for economic growth and productivity, through measures such as capital allowances, R&D reforms and a revised apprenticeship levy.” Within the sectors contributing to GDP, food and accomodation proved the main drivers of growth for services as tourism and demand for hotels increased.Travel agencies and tour operators also saw growth as the industry recovers since the end of tight pandemic restrictions.While services saw positive growth the situation is less optimistic for goods with production showing negative growth in all areas.  A decline in car manufacturing saw production of transport related equipment fall 5.4 percent, along with declines for computer and electrical products. George Lagarias, Chief Economist at Mazars, said: "Supply chains are once again succumbing to pressures."Industrial production globally is slowing down, as a result of supply shortages, escalating input costs and rising geopolitical pressures."The global manufacturing downturn makes the UK economy more dependent on services for the foreseeable future and thus more susceptible to the inflation scare and a potential resurgence in the pandemic."Supply chain disruption has been an ongoing issue since the pandemic with industries such as car manufacturing in particular being hit by shortages of key components such as semiconductors. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has placed further risks on such supply chains due to the country's heavy involvement in exporting commodities such as precious metals like palladium and nickel.Meanwhile China has seen lockdowns and disruption to freight due to Covid outbreaks in some of its largest cities including key economic hubs Shanghai and Shenzhen.  DON'T MISS: Boost for UK space industry with new US investment [SPOTLIGHT] Fears for oil prices despite drop as Putin's war rumbles on [INSIGHT] China and Russia could trigger 'devastating' depression [ANALYSIS] Crucially many of these pressures have come after February's GDP figures meaning the outlook to future growth looks even more worrying.Thomas Pugh, economist at consultancy RSM UK, warned while a recession was not yet forecast,  "it would not take much of a rise in oil prices or a disruption in supply chains to push the UK into one."He explained: "February may be the last month with a positive sign in front of its economic growth figure for a while."Surging fuel prices, slumping business and consumer confidence and supply chain disruptions will start to be felt from March and will really kick into gear in April when consumer energy prices rose by 54%."