Tiger Woods is confident he can defy the odds to win the Masters this year. On Tuesday afternoon the 46-year-old confirmed he intends to play at Augusta - to the delight of golf fans around the world. The 15-time major winner played a practice round in front of thousands of fans at the prestigious Georgia golf course this week as he bolsters his recovery from last year's shocking car crash. He was always going to be at Augusta this week to attend the traditional Masters Champions Dinner. However, there had been no confirmation from Woods whether he will tee up come Thursday - until now. During the pre-tournament press conference, when asked if he believes he can triumph, Woods confidently responded: "I do. I can hit it just fine. I have no qualms what I can do physically from a golf standpoint. "Walking’s the hard part. This is normally not an easy walk to begin with. Now given the condition my leg is in it gets a little more difficult. 72 holes is a long road and it’s going to be a tough challenge and a challenge that I’m up for. JUST IN: Tiger Woods confirms he's set to play Masters just 14 months after near fatal car crash "I love competing and I feel like if I can still compete at the highest level, I’m going to. And if I feel can still win, I’m going to play. But if I feel like I can’t, then you won’t see me out here. "You guys know me better than that. I don’t show up to an event unless I think I can win it. That’s the attitude I’ve had. There’ll be a day when it won’t happen and I’ll know when that is.” Woods added: "It is great to be back and to be able to feel the energy and the excitement again. Hopefully we are going to have a great week. As of right now, I feel I am going to play." Should Woods pull off a monumental Masters win, he will tie Jack Nicklaus for the most Masters wins in history with six and move onto 16 major wins, two behind the 82-year-old's tally of 18. Commenting on his recovery, Woods said: "My recovery has been good," he continued. "I've been excited about how I’ve recovered each and every day." Woods will tee off alongside Louis Oosthuizen and Joaquin Niemann.