Villarreal's 1-1 draw away at Bayern Munich on Tuesday saw Unai Emery's men reach the Champions League semi-finals for only the second time in their history, where they will face Liverpool after the Reds progressed past Benfica with ease. The Spanish outfit have proved to be a resilient outfit this season, losing just two from a possible 10 Champions League games. And surprisingly, both those defeats came against Manchester United, despite the Red Devils' struggles in the current campaign.  Emery's men didn't even finish in the top four of La Liga last season, which would have merited automatic qualification into the group stages of Europe's most prestigious cup competition. Instead, they took the unusual route of winning the Europa League - incidentally beating United in the final - to book a place in the group stage. They faced United twice in Group F and lost both ties in late fashion, although they earned 10 points from their remaining games to qualify for the last 16. They then shocked Juventus 4-1 on aggregate with a 1-1 draw and a 3-0 away win in March to set up a crunch clash with the German champions, and were expected to be easily beaten by Julian Nagelsmann's team. But once again The Yellow Submarine proved to be victorious after a 1-0 win on home soil was followed up by a 1-1 draw in Bavaria, setting up a Champions League semi-final for the first time since 2006. However, Liverpool will take solace in the fact that the Spanish clubs' only two European losses over a 90-minute period this season have come at the hands of United - who have struggled massively themselves against the Reds recently. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer  Jurgen Klopp's men famously beat their rivals 5-0 away from home back in October, opening up a seven-point gap in the league with just nine games played. That has now increased to a huge 22 points, such are United's struggles and Liverpool's superb form in the league. But with United outclassing Villarreal in both meetings, this will give Liverpool hope that they can at least emulate United's successes against Emery's men to set up a third Champions League final in five years. The two sides have only played twice before - incidentally in a European semi-final - with each team recording a win in the 2015-16 Europa League, although Liverpool progressed 3-1 on aggregate. And Klopp knows he will have his work cut out by former Arsenal boss Emery, calling him the 'king of the cups' after Liverpool's 6-4 aggregate win over Benfica on Wednesday evening. "If I could do an analysis of Villarreal right now that would be very strange," Klopp told BT Sport.  "I saw the results, the game was very impressive. I only picked up pieces but to beat Juventus and Bayern Munich they deserve to be in the Champions League semi-finals. "Unai Emery is the king of the cups, it is unbelievable what he is doing. But give me a bit of time to prepare it properly." 