Strictly Come Dancing judge Craig Revel Horwood has taken a swipe at his fellow Strictly professionals, Anton Du Beke and Kevin Clifton, revealing he was less than impressed when told he would take a backseat to them during a performance on the hit show. In a new interview, Craig, 57, told how he eventually upstaged the duo during a judge's performance on Musicals Week three years ago. Speaking to BBC Radio 2 presenter Zoe Ball this morning, Craig discussed his various musical talents. Zoe said to the Strictly star: "I always love it when you judges get involved as big song and dance performers. "That is always such a highlight as it's like proper Variety which we love." The Strictly judge was quick to hit back with one time where he refused to be put to the side. READ MORE: Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour' Craig said: "One of my favourite moments was the Hello, Dolly! moment when I came down as Dolly. "I absolutely loved that darling," he told Zoe. Craig dressed up as Dolly Levi from the hit musical Holly, Dolly! on week 11 of Strictly 2019. He went on: "Because I said, 'of course', they said they wanted me to play Dolly Levi and I said, 'Oh, fantastic'. However, Craig revealed that he was in for a shock. He continued: "And then they said, 'You're not going to be singing in it, you're just walking down the stairs at the end and it's going to be Anton [Du Beke's] and Kevin Clifton's number. "And I went, 'I'm not having that', so as soon as I got up on that cake darling I started screeching!" he added before falling about laughing. During the number on Musicals Week, Anton and Kevin sang before each dancing with head judge Shirley Ballas and fellow judge Motsi Mabuse. DON'T MISS... Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton apologises for 'misshapen bits' as she stuns in bikini [ANALYSIS]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [UPDATE] Towards the end of the number Craig descended down the staircase in full drag dressed as the famous Dolly. Looking ever so glamorous in the evening gown, Craig strutted over to the giant cake where he installed himself on the top before belting out the song as his fellow Strictly cast performed around him. Following Craig's surprise appearance, viewers took to social media to share their delight at his performance. Twitter user @corpusclechris wrote: "Craig Revel Horwood singing in drag atop a large cake as the finale of a Hello Dolly professional number is the sort of fabulous, inclusive and enjoyable spectacle that makes me love #Strictly." @philm2244 penned: "@CraigRevHorwood was brilliant as Dolly. Didn't recognise him. More drag please Craig." While @BexKateSmith added: "Am I the only one who wanted Craig to stay all dressed up?" Craig was talking to the BBC host about his The All Balls And Glitter Tour. Tickets for the tour can be purchased here.