Monty Don has become a firm favourite on the BBC programme Gardeners' World. The horticulturulist took to Twitter yesterday to say goodbye to his colleague, Rob Jones, who has stepped down from the gardening programme after four years. The 66-year-old took to Twitter and shared it was the "last day in the garden" for his colleague. He shared a group photo of his production team in the garden of his Herefordshire home. In view of his 253,000 followers, Monty penned a farewell message to Rob. He wrote: "It’s Rob Jones’s (centre) last day in the garden today - been a brilliant 4 years - pictured yesterday with GW production team." READ MORE: Bruce Willis' stunt double spotted change in star amid brain condition The gardening expert was inundated with comments from his legion of loyal watchers of the BBC show. Twitter user, Arlene commented: "How lovely to actually get to see the team. They should each get a cameo in the show... by now they all have to know a bit about gardening. And if not, well they can hug Nellie and Patti." Mrs Patterson agreed: "Lovely to see them all. You always say it's an ensemble show, but this is the first time I can recall seeing the others. I hope they know how valued the show is." Johnny Sells remarked: "So great to see the team!"  "Wow - Good Luck Rob - keep in touch. Wonderful to see the team who have contributed so much to the lives of so many - and who have so effectively supported and contributed to the values of Monty and GW. Would love to see a bit more of ‘the team’," Jackie Gower added. Monty has been the lead presenter of BBC's Gardeners' World since 2003 and in 2011 the programme has aired from his own garden, Longmeadow, in Herefordshire. Meanwhile, the small-screen star was corrected online after he mistakenly tweeted that Gardeners' World would be airing on Thursday evening instead of the show's regular Friday slot. Monty wrote: "Gardeners World tonight at 8.30 on BBC2 - shot in last week's balmy sun, hostas and ferns, Beth Chatto's garden with Carol, planting spuds, taking basal cuttings, wonderful alpines and much more. DON'T MISS... Jada Pinkett Smith filmed ‘laughing’ as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[TV]The Wanted's Tom Parker died with 'perfect' Oasis song playing[TRIBUTE] "Note the later time of 8.30." Confused viewers reacted to his post, as Debbie quizzed: "Isn’t it Thursday today? Confused now, doesn’t take much." Jon Knight questioned: "Tonight? We're switching from Fridays now @GWandShows? That's a pain as I'll be on a train." Henry asked: "Are you sure you're not posting this a day early?" An hour later Monty realised his error and confirmed to his Gardeners' World fans that the show will air on Friday. He tweeted: "I am reliably informed that today is Thursday. "This means my previous tweet about TOMORROW'S Gardeners World is a little premature."(sic) Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8.30pm. 