A Spanish coach has gone viral after unbelievably stepping onto the pitch to stop a late counter-attack during a recent regional first division clash. Madrid rivals Villanueva del Pardillo and Colmenar Viejo had played out a closely-fought affair until controversy struck in the closing minutes. Hosts Villanueva del Pardillo, sixth, were closing in on defeat against their ninth-place opposition at Campo Municipal Los Pinos before netting an equaliser in the final 10 minutes. Just moments later, they caught Colmenar Viejo on the counter and raced down the left side of the pitch in search of a clutch winning goal. However, the visitors' assistant manager, locally known as Ivan Abad Munoz, rushed onto the pitch to intercept a long ball down the line, halting play and saving his team. The referee immediately showed him a red card as a brawl ensued between the unsurprisingly furious home players and staff. The incredible moment has drawn comparisons to Jose Mourinho's hilarious challenge on Olly Murs during Soccer Aid 2014, and the Sky Sports co-reporter covering the footage joked Abad Munoz had 'lost his head'. But Villanueva del Pardillo didn't see the funny side, taking to Twitter with two posts after full-time expressing their disappointment. JUST IN: Man Utd playing like a 'relegation team' as Glenn Murray takes sly dig  They tweeted: "Great game which was tarnished by the actions of the rival manager which we consider contrary to fair play and the values of football. The action in question was not carried out by the manager, but by the assistant manager. He was red-carded for running onto the pitch to stop a counter-attack." Meanwhile, one of the home side's players also shared his fury over the situation on social media. He posted: "For this to happen in football shows peoples' values. If the club this man represents wants to demonstrate it has values, they should oust this person." Colmenar Viejo also spoke out on the bizarre incident, explaining their 'regret' and confirming a club representative apologised to Villanueva del Pardillo after the game. READ MORE: Man Utd have held 'talks' over signing Nkunku but reservations remain "We regret what happened," a statement read. "An isolated action should not call into question the image or the values this club has demonstrated in all categories for so many years. Our assistant made a mistake and expressed his total regret immediately over what had occurred. "Once the match had finished, a club representative who was present in the ground personally said sorry in the name of the club to representatives of Villanueva del Pardillo who we are on good terms with and always have been. This apology is something we now make publicly." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here.