Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola was delighted for Gabriel Jesus after the forward bagged four goals in the 5-1 win over Watford on Saturday, but 'doesn't care' about his future at the club. The Brazilian striker has been linked with a move to Arsenal this week with reports claiming he has already agreed terms on a move to the Emirates. Talks have supposedly been held between Arsenal technical director Edu and Jesus' representatives for several months. But negotiations are yet to begin between Arsenal and City ahead of the summer transfer window. Despite the strong speculation over Jesus' future, Guardiola named the forward in the starting line-up against Watford. And the 25-year-old enjoyed his best-ever performance in front of goal for City with four goals as well as an assist. It's just the second league game Jesus has scored in since September with Guardiola chopping and changing his frontline throughout the season. Guardiola was delighted for Jesus to be the star of the show at the Etihad on Saturday, but stopped short of stating whether he wants the forward to stay at the club this summer. JUST IN: Keys explains what officials said after Arsenal beat Man Utd  "I want to tell you something; Gabriel [Jesus] is our player," Guardiola said. “I don't know what is going to happen, but he is a Man City player. “When he has days like today, I am the happiest man in the world! Every player is happy when they play 90 minutes all the time but at the end of the season whether he wants to extend, stay or leave, I don’t know or don’t care. We have less than one month. DON'T MISS  “My only concern is the players will do everything to try and win, after that no one knows what will happen. If one person in the world deserves nights like this, it’s him. “There is no one on the backroom staff or who knows him that isn’t happy for him. When you are so positive and generous as he is in every way, life and football can reward you. “When he has situations like this we’re happy for him because he’s so generous. It doesn’t matter what position he’s in, we know how he fights for his mates. He’s fantastic.”