Arsenal legend Kenny Sansom has given his verdict on the Gunners' left-back problems. Sansom believes Mikel Arteta must keep faith with Nuno Tavares in Kieran Tierney's absence. Tierney is set to miss the remainder of the season with a knee injury. He will undergo surgery this week after sustaining the injury on international duty. Tavares started Monday's 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace, his first Premier League start in four months. However, he was dragged off at half-time by Arteta after a poor first half. The young Portuguese full-back was also taken off in the first half  of the FA Cup third round loss to Nottingham Forest in January. Sansom believes Tierney's absence is a big blow for his former side. READ MORE: Thomas Tuchel responds to Man Utd approach after 'contact made' with Chelsea boss  But he would rather see Tavares than either Granit Xhaka or Bukayo Saka used in his old position of left-back. Sansom tweeted: "Tierney being injured is bad for Arsenal. "They'll have to do something about it, they can't be poor again. I don't know about Xhaka or Saka at left-back. "I'd keep Tavares in and help him to get some confidence to play well. We need Saka to attack really, that's his best position." DON'T MISSMatt Le Tissier quits Southampton role after backlash over Russia-Ukraine and Covid tweets [NEWS]Harry Kane 'curious to hear Man Utd offer' ahead of another Tottenham saga [GOSSIP]Man Utd giving Erik ten Hag information 'every week' on transfer budget and signings [REPORT]  Sansom, who started his career at Palace before joining Arsenal in 1980, admitted the Eagles thoroughly deserved the three points. He added: "I thought Arsenal would have won against Palace on Monday. "[Patrick] Vieira is doing a good job at Palace, he's getting them to play good football. Arsenal didn't close them down properly and Palace deserved to win." The defeat at Selhurst Park means Arsenal remain fifth in the Premier League table. They are level on points with Tottenham in fourth with a game in hand.  Arsenal still have to travel to Spurs, and also face trips to Chelsea and West Ham, before the end of the season. Despite dropping below Antonio Conte's side, Arteta says his full focus is on his own team. He said: "We’ve got a game in hand still and we need to play. We know that with nine games a lot of things are going to happen, we have to play each other and we have to play some big games coming up. "We have to focus on ourselves and the problem that we had today is not Spurs, it was us and what we did in the first half."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here