Rachael Dunn, 43, had enjoyed a day at Trafford Centre in Greater Manchester with husband Simon but, when they returned to one of its car parks, they found their Ford Fiesta ST was missing. Rachael told security and police but feels "really let down" by their alleged lack of care since the theft on Tuesday April 12. Rachael, who is a primary school teacher, said: "We went to speak to security and they said 'it happens every other day.' "Security says they are patrolling the car park, but they're clearly doing nothing. I feel really let down by both them and the police. If cars are being stolen every other day from the Trafford Centre, what need to happen for someone to do something about it? It might (spring the Trafford Centre into action) if it affects the income (of the shopping centre), the only way that's going to happen is if people are aware (this is happening)." The teacher bought her beloved Ford Fiesta ST - worth around £10,500 - in 2019, Manchester Evening News reports. And the theft has left Rachael, of Halifax, West Yorkshire, "heartbroken". "I'm heartbroken. We'd had such a lovely day and it was ruined at the end. It took us four hours to get home," continued Rachael. "The police aren't bothered, the Trafford Centre isn't bothered. I feel like nobody cares and nobody is going to stop (the thieves) - so customers are going to come out and be subjected to what we have been. "These criminals have no morals, they don't care about anybody else." Rachael said that shortly after reporting the theft, she received a text from Greater Manchester Police reading "no further investigation". She also claims she has had "no further contact" from the Trafford Centre, adding to frustrations that security and police "are not doing anything" to help recover her vehicle.  Trafford Centre, which opened in 1998, is the third largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail size. A spokesperson for the attraction, near Stretford, Greater Manchester, said: "Our security team takes all customer complaints seriously and, when required, we assist Greater Manchester Police with any enquiries. We have very little car theft on site thanks to our use of ANPR and camera patrols." Greater Manchester Police has been contacted for comment. 