  Jay Blades, 52, took to social media this morning to share an uplifting message about self belief with his 47,200 Twitter followers. The Repair Shop presenter spoke about turning his life around after he found himself “in a very dark place” several years ago.   Jay shared his “TOTD” - which is an acronym for “tweet of the day” - about the power of possibility this morning. He wrote: “Nothing is Impossible, the word itself says ‘I'm possible!’ “Seven years ago on this day I was in a very dark place. “I am now feeling so much fitter mentally now and if I can come back from there, wow anything is possible.      “Believe in the power of you,” he added with the hashtag #believeinyourself. Under the tweet, Jay posted a picture of himself in the mirror looking particularly dapper. The star could be seen wearing a smart, dark grey suit with a pocket handkerchief and his signature black glasses. Jay’s friends and fans flooded the comments section with positive messages and words of encouragement.     His friend Grace wrote: “I remember this day vividly! Glad you’re here. Love you x.” Jools Kosterman O’Farrell commented: “Thank you for your thoughts of the day. “I look forward to them each morning. You’re an inspiration to many. Happy Easter to you and yours x.” Johanna Collett penned: “Great positivity for anyone out there who may need it.    “I loved your dyslexia story on BBC. Keep doing what you do!” While Twitter user CryptoCow added: “Love your shows and those that work with you. “You're a great example for all. Don't stop, always be your best, we are all cheering for you!” (sic) Over the past few years, Jay has publicly opened up about the struggles he experienced in his early life.     The expert furniture restorer has dyslexia, which he was not diagnosed with at school. It wasn’t until he attended university at the age of 31 that he was told he had the reading ability of an 11-year-old. At the start of this year, the star shared his journey in a BBC documentary entitled Jay Blades: Learning to Read. Despite his struggles at school, Jay has gone on to have an incredibly successful TV career, presenting shows like The Repair Shop, Money for Nothing, Jay Blades Home Fix and Mister Mender.   