At this time, the free "older person's" bus pass can be claimed by people living in England once they reach state pension age, which is currently 66. However the state pension age may increase in a few years under current Government proposals. If these changes come into play, residents in England who are over 60 will have to wait even longer for the benefit that they would have otherwise been able to get. Some people in England may still be able to get free travel when they turn 60. If the Government’s proposals go ahead, the state pension will rise from 66 to 67 between 2026 and 2028. On top of this, another age hike to the eligibility age threshold is expected by 2048 at the latest. READ MORE: 'Worthless' Dragons' Den reject left with nothing - business now worth over £9million  It should be noted that the state pension age change is subject to shifts in the wider economy and predictions regarding life expectancy. People seeking to apply for the free bus pass can do so via the Government’s website, if they meet the eligibility requirements . Applicants over 60 that live in a London borough can get free travel on TfL Services with an Oyster photocard. People can access free travel on the bus, tube, tram, DLR, London Overground TfL Rail and most National Rail services in London as well as discounted fares on the Emirates Air Line and River Services using the photocard. This can be used until they are eligible for a Freedom Pass. A Freedom Pass is a concessionary travel scheme to provide free travel to residents in England, who are aged 66 and over or who have a disability. To receive the free pass, residents can contact their local council in England to get help. Applicants can go on the Government website and will be able to enter their postcode address at which point they will be directed to the contact details for their local council. Local councils are able to administer and deliver the free bus pass to eligible applicants through their independent procedures. If over 60s have missed out on their free bus pass due to the state pension change, charities such as Age UK have recommendations for alternative discounts or concessions. On its website, Age UK: “It’s also worth contacting the individual coach and train operators to see if they offer discounts for older people. “For example, National Express offers a Senior Coachcard for people who are 60 and over. It costs £12.50 and offers a third off your travel throughout the year. “Some local authorities offer concessions that apply to local public transport. Contact your local council for more information about what they offer.” Scotland residents can apply for a National Entitlement Card. Residents are eligible for this scheme at the age of 60 or if they are disabled. This provides free travel on local and long-distance bus services throughout Scotland.