Loose Women host Jane Moore discussed the Netflix documentary Jimmy Saville: A British Horror Story with panellists Coleen Nolan, Denise Welch and Katie Piper. Coleen, who rose to fame with her sisters in pop group The Nolans, recalled her own experiences with the sexual predator when she was a teenager. Discussing the documentary, Coleen began: “It’s nothing we didn’t already know, how vile he was but what I found fascinating especially the first part of it was how he got to be so prolific in the respect he just conned everyone. “The Royal Family, the Prime Minister, everyone was on his side and a whole nation was fooled by this monster because he was raising millions for charity. “But it’s really weird because I didn’t get the whole Jimmy Savile thing. “I was around at that time, we were doing Top of the Pops, me and my sister had met him a few times.” Read more: Loose Women row erupts over taxpayers bailing out scam victims “Every time we met him we used to be like, ‘Oh I hope it’s not Jimmy Savile this week’ because he was always creepy to me,” he continued. “Well he tried to get you to go back with him,” Denise interjected. Coleen continued: “It’s difficult for me to talk about that scenario with him because it’s nothing compared to what he did to others.” “Yes but it could have been Coleen had you gone,” Denise remarked. Coleen explained: “I was 14 and my sisters were appearing on Top of the Pops and I was too young at that stage so he asked could I stand with him on the podium to introduce them. “Once they’d done their bit he said to me, ‘Where do you live now?’ and I said, ‘I still live in Blackpool.’ “He said, ‘Well, I’m there next week and I’ve got a suite at the hotel you should come and visit me.’ “And my sisters were like, ‘Oh, did he now?’ But nothing happened and I didn’t and I just thought he was a creep.” DON'T MISS'No appetite for Meghan to come back' Royal expert says [INSIGHT]'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces [VIDEO]Richard Madeley blasts proposal to make avoiding chores a crime [INTERVIEW] “But he was one of them when we met him he’d take your hand to kiss your hand but he’d lick your hand,” she added. Some critics of Jimmy Savile: A British Horror Story have questioned whether the documentary should have been made. However, Katie argued: “I think it’s really important [that it was created] because if you try and airbrush this from society, it really happened and sometimes when you’re silent around this issues you’re complicit in saying, ‘It’s okay.’ “The biggest thing about abuse is this shame attached to it so if you say, ‘It can’t be on telly,’ you add that shame and humiliation to their victims.” Katie continued: “[Denise] you’ve done some really sensitive crime documentaries that are centred around the victim, giving them a voice, giving empowerment so I think it’s the way they’re made. “I think it’s a good deterrent to future perpetrators to say, ‘You will be found out.’” “And the victims are finally being heard,” host Jane added. Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays at 10am.