Trent Alexander-Arnold’s hamstring injury ahead of the international break was one of the last things that Jurgen Klopp needed ahead of a crucial few months for Liverpool. But it does highlight the lack of a like for like option that the Reds have in right back. Alexander-Arnold has been in exceptional form so far this season and is a vital component of the Anfield outfit. He has scored twice and registered 11 assists for the Reds so far this season, which somewhat understates his influence in the final third. Although the 23-year-old may not be the best fullback in the league defensively, having a safety net centre-back partnership of Virgil van Dijk and Joel Matip means that he can focus on his attacking output. Andrew Robertson provides the same threat down the left. But in the absence of Alexander-Arnold, Liverpool lack a lot in attack. His injury may have been a warning to Klopp that there is no Plan B when the England international is unavailable and it is time for the boss to take the advice of club legend Jamie Carragher. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has previously made it known that he is not fond of the idea of playing as a right-back, but if he is to rescue what is left of his Liverpool career then he may need to be open-minded about the role. Last summer, Carragher tweeted about the Reds’ right back cover, he said: “Could the Ox [Oxlade-Chamberlain] not play there? "Got the pace & engine, he’ll be fine on the ball and used to being in crossing areas after spending so long there as a winger." Oxlade-Chamberlain made several appearances for Arsenal as a wingback before joining Liverpool and impressed in the role, though he has said that he prefers being in midfield. The 28-year-old’s contract expires in 2023 and he will need to prove that he is not surplus to demands in order to secure a new deal, so perhaps taking inspiration from James Milner and transitioning into a fullback could aid that process. Oxlade-Chamberlain has the pace and energy to be a like for like replacement for Alexander-Arnold, which means Klopp would not have to sacrifice anything tactically if the latter were to pick up an injury. Currently, Ibrahima Konate, Joe Gomez and Milner appear to be the three that would slot in, but none of the trio possesses any attributes even mildly similar to those of Alexander-Arnold – they don’t instinctively drive forward to overlap or are able to consistently whip balls into the box. On the other hand, Oxlade-Chamberlain does and it could be the perfect way to stake his claim as being an important squad player at Anfield and relieve some of the stress off of the shoulders of Klopp if he is concerned about his squad depth.