Former Arsenal manager Unai Emery defied the odds on Tuesday evening as he led his Villarreal side to the Champions League semi-finals after seeing off German giants Bayern Munich over two legs. Villarreal held Bayern to a 1-1 draw at the Allianz Arena less than a week after the Spanish side had won the first leg 1-0. Emery has enjoyed a successful spell in Spain after being appointed as Villarreal boss in the summer of 2020 and led his side to Europa League glory last year. The 50-year-old, who was linked with the vacant Newcastle United job following their takeover last autumn, was given his marching orders at Arsenal after a poor start to the 2019/20 campaign. He had lasted less than 18 months. But if he had stayed in north London, he might well have brought success to the club given how well he is performing in Spain. The squad would clearly look a lot different, however, and Express Sport takes a look at how Arsenal could now be lining up under the Spaniard. Goalkeeper – Leno Arsenal signed Bernd Leno the same summer they appointed Emery. And the German soon ousted Petr Cech from the side to become the Gunners’ No 1. Leno performed well under his previous manager and would more than likely still be Arsenal’s main shot-stopper had the Spaniard stayed at the club. READ MORE: Ten Hag’s striker preference explained as Ronaldo wanes for Man Utd   Defence – Bellerin, Saliba, Chambers, Tierney Arsenal’s backline wasn’t the most solid under Emery, with Shkodran Mustafi and the ageing David Luiz often playing in the centre of defence. It was Emery who signed William Saliba in the summer of 2019 – and the young Frenchman might now be starring for the Gunners if things had turned out differently. Emery would have no doubt delved into the transfer market to find another top centre-back to partner Saliba had he stayed - and he may have found alternative options to Ben White and Gabriel, who joined after he had departed. But had Emery been required to stick with what he had at the time, Calum Chambers might have made a name for himself in north London. The 27-year-old was a regular under Emery but ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament just weeks after the current Villarreal boss left the club. He struggled to hold down a starting place after returning from injury and joined Aston Villa earlier this year. Kieran Tierney would more than likely be occupying the left-back position, while Hector Bellerin could even still be plying his trade on the right side of the Gunners defence. DON'T MISSMan Utd changed mind on Pochettino despite liking 4 things about himVan der Vaart warns Man Utd players about Ten Hag - ‘Get thrown out'Man Utd ‘to give Ten Hag a record-breaking salary’ as move nears      Midfield - Torreira, Willock, Guendouzi Not one Arsenal player made more appearances for the club than Lucas Torreira did during Emery’s spell at the Emirates Stadium. And the 26-year-old, who is currently on loan at Fiorentina, could still be occupying a midfield role today under his former boss. Matteo Guendouzi was also a regular under Emery and could be another player still providing defensive protection and midfield energy had Mikel Arteta not taken charge at the expense of his predecessor. Elsewhere in the centre of the pitch, Joe Willock was starting to get opportunities during Emery’s second season at the helm and may have nailed down a regular starting place by now. Forwards - Martinelli, Aubameyang, Saka Gabriel Martinelli was handed his Arsenal debut under Emery. And the youngster’s obvious talents were plain for all to see. So he would have surely become a regular in the Gunners side under Emery, just like he has done under Arteta. Bukayo Saka was another young player coming through when Emery was in charge. And the England international would have unequivocally impressed under the Spaniard. Martinelli and Saka would now likely be playing in a front three alongside Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who was sensational under Emery. The Gabon international was eventually banished from the team under Arteta following a disciplinary breach and was shipped off to Barcelona earlier this year. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 