Simon Cowell, 62, has admitted he worries about his son Eric, eight, having accidents on a bike or scooter - and his fears were only made worse after the first round of Britain’s Got Talent auditions. A child named Austin suffered a nasty fall while performing a stunt act on a scooter. The brave six-year-old came off his scooter while flying up and down a huge ramp on stage. After being checked over backstage, he marched back on and continued with the act, much to the delight of the audience. Simon revealed that the episode’s editing made it look like the incident was a lot faster than it actually was. Judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and Simon were speaking to Express.co.uk and other press about how being parents had changed the way they looked at children who audition. David said: “We didn’t have children when we joined the show, except for Amanda, and that probably makes us more sensitive. “Especially when kids come on and perform, we are absolutely rooting for them, thinking, ‘That could be our child out there.’” Simon added: “I was like, my god, what if that was Eric!?’ “It would be like… Wow. I would be petrified.” Speaking about little Austin’s fall, he continued: “Obviously on the actual day it didn’t happen quite as quickly as it was shown in the episode. “There was a much longer gap, but we checked they were okay, because when you do that kind of act you do fall over, even when you’re practising, so I think he was used to it. “So I think it made us like them more, because they all rallied together, supported each other and got back up, because it meant a lot to them.” Simon clarified: “Just to be clear, that sort of stuff does not happen very often, I don’t think we’ve actually had a kid hurt themselves on stage. DON'T MISS...Johnny Depp's best friend sobs in court over Amber Heard abuse case [TEARS] Stacey Solomon says 'boobs are on fire' as she's rushed to doctors [UPDATE] Adam Boulton erupts at ex-Sky News pal over Rwanda migrant comments [TWITTER] “But the truth is, kids, whether they have bikes, scooters, skateboards - it’s the same with Eric, when he does skateboarding lessons, unfortunately you do fall over. “And I’ve fallen off many things as well! As a kid, even more. “You try to make sure it’s safe, and they have enough time to prepare. But hats off to him, he was only a little boy and he wanted to finish the act. “If he had really hurt himself we never would have carried on with that.”  Simon knows all about accidents, having recently broken his back while testing out his new £10,000 e-bike at his home in Malibu. Less than two years later, he suffered yet another crash in London, this time breaking his arm, bruising his cheek and possibly being concussed. “It wasn’t my fault - it was raining, it was a sharp bend,” he said, still wearing a cast on his hand from the first injury. “I still have to wear this for a couple more weeks, while my bone heals,” he explained.