Piers Morgan’s TalkTV show Uncensored launched on Monday, April 25, which kicked off with an explosive interview with former US President Donald Trump, which drew in 400,000 viewers. The debate show, which consists of three hours of news programming between 7pm and 10pm, reached higher viewing figures than GB News, Sky News and BBC News. Reacting to the news, Piers gloated over the occasion with his doting fans on social media. With shows also hosted by Tom Newton Dunn and Sharon Osbourne, the channel promotes itself under the strapline of “straight-talking starts here”. After hearing he’d succeeded his fellow competitors, Piers took to Twitter to thank his fans for their support. He wrote: “BREAKING NEWS: @PiersUncensored got bigger ratings at 8-9pm last night than BBC News, Sky News and GB News…. COMBINED!!!" The former Good Morning Britain presenter gushed: “What a start – thanks for watching!” READ MORE:The Repair Shop host Jay Blades has DIY show axed by BBC Meanwhile, fans shared their support with the ex-editor of News of The World, praising the show for its “insightful” Donald Trump interview. @jintygal31 beamed: “An excellent start for you & the rest of the presenters at Talk TV. “The Trump interview was very insightful, but I wish you'd have at least tried to dissuade him from running for President again. “Maybe that's in tonight's show, but I doubt it. Great show regardless though!” @lnntonytc_smith echoed: “@lnntonytc_smith I thoroughly enjoyed your first interview on Talk TV. “What a show!! Can’t wait for round 2 tonight. I now have my Sky box on repeat record so I won’t miss a thing. Another viewer, @yorkshireman66 gushed: “Talk tv will be a great success i like what i see great debate keep up the good work.” However, some viewers complained about technical and sound issues within minutes of the launch when host Tom was visibly out of sync with the audio. @JordanHall_dev fumed: “Shame trying to watch @piersmorgan on @TalkTV and his interview. But just like @GBNEWS sound is out of sync. They went on to complain: “Thought talk tv would have learnt from gb news issuss.” User @M0TFO commented: "What's with these new channels, how hard is it to get the audio dubbing right @TalkTV." @CJ_belfast quipped: "@TalkTV can you afford subtitles for the deaf and HOH? Pathetic really in this day and age - inaccessible resources for us?" (sic) Promoting the show as a “no cancel zone”, the former ITV host told fans what to expect from his debate programme. In the opening monologue for the launch of his show Piers Morgan Uncensored, the presenter said: "My mission statement for this show is very simple - I'm going to cancel cancel culture. "I'll defeat this insidious, joyless societal scourge with those most effective of democracy-preserving weapons - common sense and truth." He added: "I want to issue an urgent trigger warning for all ultra-sensitive, permanently offended woke snowflakes who may have accidentally tuned into this show. "You are not going to enjoy my show. It's going to really annoy you." Piers Morgan Uncensored airs Monday from 8pm on TalkTV.