Ex-Tory Home Office Minister Ann Widdecombe challenged Justin Welby over remarks made in the Archbishop's sermon at Canterbury Cathedral. Ms Widdecombe, who joined Nigel Farage's Brexit Party after spending 23-years in the House of Commons as the Conservative MP for Maidstone, shared with LBC her thoughts on the Archbishop's intervention. The Archbishop had said the £120million scheme, which will see people who are deemed to have entered the UK by unlawful means since January 1 be sent to Rwanda, had raised "serious ethical questions" and even contradicted Christian values. Ms Widdecombe, who converted to Roman Catholicism in 1993, said: "Well, if you want to think of something ungodly, it is the people trafficking that is quite ruthlessly going on. "And I think putting an end to that is not ungodly, and a policy that says 'look, if you think you can come to the UK without a valid asylum claim, for economic reasons when you're already in safe countries like France or Italy or wherever it might be - you can't, and this is what is going to happen. "I think that the deterrent effect will be massive. I think the only problem, maybe Iain, and we'll have to see - because this policy is going to apply to men, there may be an increased emphasis from the people-traffickers on women and children." JUST IN: ‘No decency!’ Gary Neville hits back at ex-Tory MEP after claims he ‘hates his country’ The announcement made by Boris Johnson last week comes after a record-breaking 28,395 migrants reached British shores after making the perilous 21-mile journey from Calais in 2021. Allies of Mr Johnson, many of whom are also Christian, lashed out at the Archbishop for his comments. Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg, a practising Catholic, told Radio 4: "I think he misunderstands what the policy is trying to achieve, and that it isn't an abandonment of responsibility, it is in fact a taking on of a very difficult responsibility." The North East Somerset MP added: "The problem that is being dealt with is that people are risking their lives in the hands of people traffickers, to get into this country illegally. READ MORE: 'Blatant hypocrisy!' Nicola Sturgeon reported to police over face mask breach video "Now, it's not the illegal bit of it, it is the encouragement of people traffickers that needs to be stopped." However, other religious MPs have voiced concern about the scheme. Labour's Shadow Health Secretary Wes Streeting, also a practising Christian, said: "It really isn’t for politicians to tell the head of our church what he should or shouldn’t say in his Easter sermon. "Conservative MPs should reflect on it instead." DON'T MISS:Patel's Rwanda scheme failing to deter migrants [INSIGHT]Left's Rwanda fury is phoney, blasts CAROLE MALONE [COMMENT]Le Pen may be on verge of shock win with horror undecided stat for Macron [FRANCE] Mr Streeting's comment comes after human rights groups, other opposition MPs and the United Nations slammed the plan. Gillian Triggs, assistant secretary-general at the UN refugee agency, said the scheme was an "egregious breach of international and refugee law". It has even been revealed Ms Patel had to personally approve the £120million scheme after officials inside the Home Office voiced concern about the cost of the Rwanda deal.