Cristiano Ronaldo and other Manchester United players trained for the first time on Wednesday since news broke that Erik ten Hag had agreed to take charge at Old Trafford. And the 37-year-old appeared to be fired up for the session at Carrington, bamboozling Hannibal Mejbri before rifling the ball into the net. The veteran is primed to stay at the club, regardless of whether or not they qualify for next season’s Champions League. Manchester United players were put through their paces on Wednesday, with Saturday’s Premier League clash with Norwich City edging closer. And Ronaldo appeared to be in good form during the session at Carrington, with the 37-year-old showing he’s still got it by confusing Hannibal with some fancy footwork. The Portugal international has long been known for his tricks and flicks. And he used stepovers to get the better of Hannibal before blasting the ball past Lee Grant and into the net. United players were being put through their paces by Ralf Rangnick, who will move upstairs as a consultant come the summer. And Ten Hag will then be the manager who inherits this squad at the end of the campaign. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz On Tuesday night it emerged the 52-year-old had verbally agreed to take charge of the Red Devils, who could end up finishing seventh in the Premier League table. Mauricio Pochettino, Julen Lopetegui and Luis Enrique had all been under consideration when it comes to taking charge. But United have now settled on Ten Hag, who is expected to sign a four-year contract with the club. United are determined to get this appointment right having fallen way behind Manchester City and Chelsea since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement in 2013. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all been hired and fired in the years since Ferguson quit. And Ten Hag will be charged with the task of steering the club back to the top of the domestic and European standings. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players The likes of Anthony and Jurrien Timber will be targets for the former Bayern Munich coach, who will be eager to get his reign off to a successful start. And several players may leave United. Paul Pogba’s time at Old Trafford appears to be ticking down, with Paris Saint-Germain, Juventus and Real Madrid all eyeing a free transfer. United are resigned to losing Jesse Lingard, despite denying the England international a move to West Ham or Newcastle back in January. Edinson Cavani will go, having previously signed a one-year extension with the club last year. And question marks are hanging over the futures of Eric Bailly, Dean Henderson, Anthony Martial and Jesse Lingard as well. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, De Telegraaf journalist Mike Verweij thinks Ronaldo will have to ‘win over’ Ten Hag at United. “Yes, I think Ronaldo will have to win over ten Hag,” he said. “He is very much into the players, and a lot of them have, in the beginning, been lost with his work. “That will not be different with Ronaldo. I’m very curious to see how that goes.” And he also thinks Ten Hag entering United will be like a ’force 20 hurricane’. “It’s nice that Louis van Gaal says that, of course he chose the commercial club himself. And yes, he didn’t leave United very well,” he added. “He won the FA Cup there but didn’t perform very well, so you can say that Van Gaal knows what he’s talking about. The fact is that if a club of the calibre of United comes then you go for it. “It’s true that it’s been nowhere and it is a trainer graveyard. Yes it is a difficult club but Ajax is always in the eye of the storm, although with United that is a force 20 hurricane. I think that it is a very big challenge. “What can you say when you have paid for such a disappointing season? It can only get better? That’s true. “It’s also likely that next season may be a season without European football, that’s not nice because you want to play as high as possible, preferably in the Champions League. “But it can also be very nice to start building a team in peace.”