Since Russian President Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine over a month ago, European Union states have been punishing Moscow by issuing harsh sanctions on large parts of its economy. However, the bloc has been reluctant to ban Russian fossil fuels like oil and natural gas, which are the country's largest exports. A major reason for this hesitance is that the fuel-starved continent is heavily reliant on Russian gas, supplying 40 percent of its energy needs. The biggest country that's refusing to issue a complete ban on Russian energy is Germany. Europe's largest economy is particularly dependent on Russian natural gas, getting 55 percent of its natural gas, 52 percent of its hard coal and 34 percent of its oil from Russia. This January alone, Berlin purchased €2.6billion (almost £2.2billion) worth of oil and gas imports from Russia. Given the recent accusations of mass murder and the rape of civilians in Bucha in Ukraine, Germany has faced renewed calls for cutting itself off Russian oil and gas. Earlier today, Germany's Finance minister Christian Lindner once again refused to cut energy ties with Russia, warning that it is not possible to do so yet. Mr Lindner said that it is "not possible" for Germany to cut Russian gas supply now, adding "we need some time". Speaking ahead of his talks with EU colleagues in Brussels, he said: "It is clear we must end as quickly as possible all economic ties to Russia. "We must plan tough sanctions, but gas cannot be substituted in the short term. "We would inflict more damage on ourselves than on them." READ MORE: Poland unleashes fury as Germany 'main roadblock' to Russian sanctions Mr Lindner suggested that instead of outright issuing a ban on all energy imports from Russia, the bloc could consider gradually banning oil, natural and coal separately. Germany's economy minister Robert Habeck also resisted calls for an outright ban on Russian energy. In a news conference today, he said: "We are working every day to create the preconditions and the steps toward an embargo," adding that this approach "harms Putin daily". Meanwhile, Berlin has been slammed by other EU states, with Poland accusing it of being a "roadblock" against tough sanctions. DON'T MISS: New mutant 'XE' Omicron variant could be most transmissible yet [REPORT] Putin humiliated as Britain refuses Russia's plan to boost economy [REVEAL] World War 3 risk ‘high’ as China, North Korea and Iran exploit West [INSIGHT] Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said during a news conference on Monday that Berlin was causing a major roadblock to his country's ability to punish Vladimir Putin for his invasion of Ukraine. Mr Morawiecki noted that even Hungary, which shares a border with Ukraine but has refused to send weapons, has not blocked sanctions. Morawiecki said: "We have to see that, regardless of how we approach Hungary, this is the fourth such win and we have to respect democratic elections ... it's Germany that is the main roadblock on sanctions." Chancellor Olaf Scholz said last week that if Russia’s gas was cut overnight, ”entire branches of industry would have to stop working”, triggering a "considerable economic crisis”. It was also not so supportive of the EU's new energy strategy, REPowerEU. The plan lays out how it would cope with plummeting Russian supplies after cutting Russian oil and gas imports by two thirds by the end of the year. 