Tottenham striker Harry Kane has backed Cameron Smith to fightback and win the Masters. Fresh from starring in Tottenham's 4-0 win over Aston Villa on Saturday night, golf fan Kane has flown over to Augusta to watch the final round, and joined the Sky Sports punditry team as both Smith and leader Scottie Scheffler were preparing for the first tee. It is Scheffler, 25, who holds a three shot lead following rounds of 69, 67, and 71, putting him in pole position to add a first major title to his new status of world No 1. However, his bogey at the last hole on Saturday would have brought hope to Australian Smith. The 28-year-old, also seeking his maiden major, finished with a 68 to make it to six under. It means the American can ill-afford to slip back with the pair set for an absoring shootout on Masters Sunday. When asked who he made favourite, Kane said: "I'm going to go Cam Smith. He can make birdies and get on a hot run on the back nine. I fancy him to go four or five under today, and then who knows?" JUST IN: Tiger Woods hobbles out of interview after 'awful' Masters round as pain takes its toll He wasn't the only pundit to back Smith, with Butch Harmon agreeing that he had the game to reel in Scheffler. The England captain also said he was planning to watch Tiger Woods come down to the 18th, after a tournament in which the 15-time major champion defied the odds to put four rounds together. Woods hobbled away from his post-round media duties on Saturday night, having shot to 77 to follow scores of 71 and 73. However, he returned on Sunday in his traditional red top to complete his first professional tournament since his high-speed car crash last February, which left him with multiple breaks and fractures in both legs. DON'T MISS:Masters contender Justin Thomas emulates Bubba Watson heroics with incredible escape shotStewart Cink records Masters hole-in-one on iconic par-3 16th at Augusta NationalRory McIlroy Masters dreams further away than ever as green jacket hopes fade once more Kane also admitted that being on the golf course made him more apprehensive than playing in the Premier League: "When I'm on the first tee in front of a crowd I get more nervous than when I'm playing football!" he said. The striker had permission from Spurs to head to the Masters, after the players were given time off by manager Antonio Conte following their win at Villa Park. The result leaves them fourth, three points clear of rivals Arsenal.