Manchester United striker Anthony Martial was involved in a bizarre turn of events during Sevilla’s La Liga showdown with Real Madrid on Sunday night. The France international was chopped down by Eduardo Camavinga during the contest, with the teenager lucky to avoid a yellow card. But the Sevilla loanee was booked instead before being forced to hobble out of the showdown. Sevilla and Real Madrid played out a thriller on Sunday night, with Los Blancos winning 3-2 courtesy of a late goal from Karim Benzema. And it was another frustrating night for Martial, who had been given the chance to lead the line by manager Julen Lopetegui. Towards the end of the first half, the 26-year-old was chopped down by Camavinga in a tackle that was clearly worthy of a booking. Yet it was Martial who was given a yellow card instead for his reaction, with the former Monaco star lashing out. He was then unable to continue and hobbled off, with his team then going on to lose to make matters even worse. The result means Sevilla are now third in the table, with Barcelona second having won their last five La Liga matches. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz Real, meanwhile, are top of the table and on course for glory at the first time of asking since Carlo Ancelotti’s summer return. Sevilla had taken the lead on the night through Ivan Rakitic, with former Tottenham star Erik Lamela then doubling their advantage. But Real weren’t to be denied victory, reigning supreme courtesy of goals from Rodrygo, Nacho and Karim Benzema. Ancelotti’s side may now win a double in the Italian’s first season back at the club since taking over from Zinedine Zidane. They’ll soon face Manchester City in the Champions League, a competition they’ve won 12 times in the past. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Their last victory was in 2018, under Zidane, while they previously claimed the trophy under Ancelotti four years before. And whether they can continue to blow opposition teams away remains to be seen. Real boss Ancelotti was delighted after his side mounted a stirring comeback, labelling the win as ‘very important’. “It's a very important win after a first half that wasn't good”, he said. “The second half was spectacular for us. We showed commitment, personality and courage from all the players. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We're getting used to this because this team is capable of special things. “We haven't lost confidence at 2-0 down and the games against PSG and Chelsea have helped us to believe we can come back. “Everyone is waiting for Madrid to slip, but this team doesn't do it, because they have heart, character and personality. “We haven't won the league yet, but we've given it a good push with this win.” Regarding Martial, meanwhile, the United striker recently confessed his future at Sevilla was ‘complicated’. "I see it very complicated to be able to continue at Sevilla,” he said. “I’m not worried about that right now. “I came knowing that it would be six months and then I would surely have to return to Manchester United. "I’m very happy with the experience of playing in a new club, as big as Sevilla and having minutes again. “If we manage to be a top four team, we will have achieved the goal and I will be happy for the fans, who have been very good to me since I arrived."