American car giant General Motors has filed a patent for a car that can teach people how to drive. The move would allow learners to jump in a vehicle without an instructor and receive training on public roads. In the filing, the description of the technology indicates that the autonomous vehicle will be constantly interpreting the world around it. It will also make its own decisions about the correct inputs. The vehicle will then compare all of the above with what the driver does. This includes looking at their steering and pedal inputs as well as external factors such as speed and position on the road compared with other vehicles. READ MORE: Spanish driving laws could see holidaymakers fined up to £2,500 An algorithm can then determine a score for each of the factors and feed this back to the driver as well as third parties. The filing appears to imply that the vehicle can take over one or more aspects of driving if the score drops below a certain threshold. For example, if the car registers that the driver is braking too late, it can help to slow the car or move it back to the centre of the lane if they are drifting across. It can also start out by giving new drivers control over some simple inputs. DON'T MISSDrivers could be fined thousands if they don’t tell DVLA about changes [WARNING]Motorists paid £1.7bn more in fuel costs due to E10 fuel switch [REVEAL] Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ [SHOCKING] The vehicle can then introduce more difficult aspects of driving as the learner’s competency increases. The benefits of such a system are said to be a reduced cost for those learning to drive, as well as increased availability of driver education, as the vehicles could be available 24/7. Lower cost and improved availability and safety are obvious on paper, but it remains to be seen whether regulators buy into the idea of teaching people to drive with autonomous cars. Learners themselves might also not feel comfortable alone in the car. Regardless, autonomous cars are not currently legal to drive anywhere in the world outside of very specific testing circumstances, so autonomous learner vehicles will be some way off yet. The news comes after it was announced that motorists will be allowed to watch television or check their emails on built-in screens under proposed updates to the Highway Code when in self-driving cars. The changes will say drivers must be ready to take back control of vehicles when prompted, the Government has announced. New guidance has been given to move Britain closer to a “self-driving revolution” by outlining the steps that will be taken to allow them to be driven safely on UK roads. Following a public consultation, changes will be made to the Highway Code to ensure the first wave of technology will be used safely. This will include the need for motorists to be ready to resume control in a timely way if they are prompted to do so, including when they approach motorway exits. However, the guidance also allows drivers to take their eyes off the road and look at so-called “infotainment” screens. The Department for Transport has stated: “The plans also include a change to current regulation, allowing drivers to view content which is not related to driving on built-in display screens, while the self-driving vehicle is in control. “It will however, still be illegal to use mobile phones in self-driving mode, given the greater risk they pose in distracting drivers as shown in research.”