A dog has been reunited with its owner in a heartwarming video to emerge from the horrors of the war in Ukraine. The husky has been rescued by strangers after being found wandering the war-stricken country alone. The video, which has been shared widely online, shows the dog racing toward its owner. Having recognised its owner instantly the dog begins to howl with joy. The husky's emotionally owner appears delighted as the dog jumps up to greet him. According to Ukrainian diplomat Olexander Scherba who shared the footage on Twitter, the dog had been found lost in the area of Bucha near Kyiv.    The heartwarming tale comes as the Ukrainian Government is looking into reports of alleged atrocities, including in the town of Bucha. Tied bodies shot at close range were found shortly after Russian troops withdrew, and other bodies stuck out of a mass grave at a church. The Kremlin has said allegations that Russian forces committed war crimes by executing civilians including in Bucha were a "monstrous forgery" aimed at denigrating the Russian army. Western officials have said they fear Russian atrocities against Ukrainian civilians as they may be widespread.  The Ukrainian authorities have said that more than 400 bodies of civilians have been discovered in towns around Kyiv which have been captured by the Russians. One Western official said the comments in the Russian media calling for the "de-nazification" of Ukraine and comparing the country to the Third Reich had created a "toxic information environment". "This is a phenomenon which we believe to be widespread," the official said. "That sort of environment and climate, I'm afraid, absolutely contributes to this sort of thing. "When you combine that with a force which is failing and failing badly in an operation for which it was perhaps psychologically underprepared, it just a toxic mix. DON'T MISS Brexit rules hit Brits heading to EU 'I should have gone to Wales' [INSIGHT]Have your say: Does EU row on Russian sanctions justify Brexit? [ANALYSIS]Easter holiday chaos as Britons lose thousands due to passport delays [VIDEO]  "The responsibility for this lies with the perpetrators of the acts but it also lies with the Russian leadership. "Not only did they order the invasion, they set the tone and the context for this operation as well." Russia sent tens of thousands of troops into Ukraine on February 24 in what it called a special operation to degrade its southern neighbour's military capabilities and root out people it called dangerous nationalists. Ukrainian forces have mounted stiff resistance and the West has imposed sweeping sanctions in an effort to force Russia to withdraw its forces.