Auditions for the new series of ITV’s Britain’s Got Talent have already taken place with the forthcoming series airing on Saturday, April 16. Thousands queued up to prove themselves to judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Amanda Holden and the music mogul Simon Cowell with Geordie duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly also making a comeback. Head judge, Simon, has opened up about the show’s two-year absence and revealed he was “really nervous” about returning. Speaking about the effects of filming during the COVID-19 pandemic, he said: “Yeah, it was hard but I’ve got to be honest, because of what was happening at the time, which was the new variant had come out, I got really nervous about it. “We were about two or three weeks out from auditions and I just thought, ‘We can’t do this, the risk to everyone is too high’. “So it was tough, but I knew it was the right thing to do because it wasn’t like the show was never going to come back. “We always knew it would come back this year and it would come round quickly, which it did.” READ MORE:'You owe your lifestyle to oil!' Richard Madeley slams ego activist Simon continued to ITV: “So I missed it but I had no choice. I hope that break, having not had it on air for a year, the audience will like it even more, I hope they missed it.” The 62-year-old entrepreneur revealed why a live audience is a huge programme, saying: “It made such a difference. “You only have to see the reaction from everyone during auditions to realise what this show means to people." However, for long-running co-star and Heart Radio DJ Amanda, work had never stopped during the lockdown, she explained: “I was very fortunate to continue working." She went on to say: “I have to say I was relieved we had our audience back in the auditions as it wasn’t the same without them!” The former This Morning presenter added: “It made us realise just how important that live audience is. “The energy they bring to the show makes them very influential to the performer on stage.” Furthermore, it has been reported that the judges will personally invite contestants to perform on the show with at-home visits, in a brand new segment named Judges Golden Moments. Speaking to the Daily Mail a show source said: "The new element will produce some heartwarming moments. “The judges are going out to meet people but they don't know they are coming. “The idea is to highlight some brilliant people and tell their story in a different way." They went on to say: “It really helps to make their auditions memorable and special.”   Amanda went on to let fans in on a secret, sharing some of her favourite stand-out auditions from the latest season. She said: ‘We had some people that work for the NHS, we've had schools, we've had Armed Forces choirs. All these groups of people who were the unsung heroes of the pandemic who got through it by singing and trying to stay joyful, met for the first time on our show." Britain's Got Talent begins Saturday, April 16 on ITV at 8pm.