Tottenham will be hoping to take another important step towards securing a top-four finish in the Premier League by claiming all three points against Brighton and Hove Albion this afternoon. The north Londoners have scored 12 goals in their last three outings and will be desperate to maintain their positive form against the Seagulls and extend their slim advantage over fifth-placed Arsenal as the season begins to draw to a close.Express Sport takes a look at how Antonio Conte's side could line up for the visit of Brighton later today. Hugo Lloris has played in every Premier League match under Conte's management this season and is likely to reprise his usual role between the sticks against Brighton. The Frenchman very much remains Tottenham's first-choice goalkeeper despite the summer arrival of Pierluigi Gollini, who has been unable to force his way into a starting berth on a regular basis since his loan move from Atalanta.Lloris has registered a total of 12 clean sheets in all competitions so far this season and will be hoping to keep things tight once again over the course of this afternoon's match. He will be tasked with shutting out the likes of Leandro Trossard and Neal Maupay for Brighton, who managed to beat Arsenal in their last Premier League outing seven days ago. JUST IN: Man Utd target Darwin Nunez ‘open to Premier League move’ Tottenham will be without Japhet Tanganga for the rest of the season after he underwent surgery to correct a knee problem towards the end of last month. His continued absence is likely to see a defensive trio of Cristian Romero, Eric Dier and Ben Davies take to the pitch against Brighton on home soil later today.The same back three kept a welcome clean sheet against Aston Villa last weekend and will be hoping for a repeat performance as Tottenham go in search of a fifth successive Premier League victory at the next time of asking. They have been stronger at the back in the months since Conte's arrival in November and will need to keep up the good work in order to stand the best chance of qualifying for next season's Champions League over the coming weeks. Matt Doherty, like Tanganga, will also miss the remainder of the campaign after suffering a knee injury of his own against Villa and will be forced to watch today's match from the stands. The former Wolves man is likely to be replaced in his usual role by Sergio Reguilon, although Ryan Sessegnon could also be given the nod to start at wing-back this afternoon.Meanwhile, Emerson Royal should be in line to occupy the other flank, with Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Rodrigo Bentancur set to feature in the middle of the park. The latter has turned plenty of heads with his impressive form since joining the club from Juventus in January and will be looking to pull the strings and make things happen against the Seagulls later today. FOLLOW OUR NEW DAILY EXPRESS SPORT INSTAGRAM PAGE Dejan Kulusevski has arguably been Tottenham's best player since making the switch to north London three months ago and will be hoping to get on the scoresheet against Brighton this lunchtime. The on-loan Juventus man has chipped in with three goals and six assists for Spurs this season and has already established himself as a key part of the club's front three during his short spell in England to date.He will be expected to share his side's attacking burden with Son Heung-min and Harry Kane against Brighton, who have only shipped one goal in their last two Premier League matches. However, with Spurs firing on all cylinders at present, it seems likely that at least one of the aforementioned trio will be able to break the deadlock against Graham Potter's side when the action gets underway.Expected Tottenham XI (3-4-3) - Lloris; Romero, Dier, Davies; Emerson, Bentancur, Hojbjerg, Reguilon; Kulusevski, Son, Kane.