CBS’ procedural drama Blue Bloods follows a multi-generational family in law enforcement led by Frank Reagan (played by Tom Selleck). The show, which is in its 12th season, was dealt a huge blow after the latest TV show ratings revealed fans were no longer tuning in the way they used to.  Blue Bloods first landed on screens in 2010 and hooked fans with a new spin on the typical family drama. The series followed the Reagan family, led by the patriarch Frank, who was the respected New York City Police Commissioner. He was incredibly proud and often boasted of his family as his children had followed in his footsteps and worked in law enforcement. As well as displaying the standard family dramas and feuds, Blue Bloods fans also saw the family work together in their specialised fields to tackle crime. READ MORE: Prince William to 'reshape' monarchy and 'shake up' role as King in...  Although the series proved to be a hit with fans at first, it looks as though some viewers have begun to lose interest over time. While the show still has a loyal fan base tuning into new episodes, recent ratings show the drama had a huge dip. According to TV Line, Blue Bloods nabbed an unwanted record in its 12th season. In a round-up of CBS shows, the publication reported: “Undercover Boss (2.7 mil/0.3) returned from the March Madness break to hit/tie season lows.  “Magnum P.I. (4.8 mil/0.4) and Blue Bloods (5.5 mil/0.4) both dipped to at least season lows in audience, while the latter also was down in the demo.” Hopefully for fans, Blue Bloods, which airs directly after Magnum PI, will pick up its viewers as the series is approaching its finale. The show is expected to come to an end in May and CBS has yet to announce whether it will be up for renewal or cancellation. The future of Blue Blood on screens is yet to be determined as shows with high ratings are more than likely to be renewed, whereas those with low ratings risk getting cancelled by the network.  DON'T MISS...Blue Bloods season 12: Frank Reagan faces moral dilemma in huge twist [THEORY]Blue Bloods' Donnie Wahlberg rules out another family TV series [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods’ Tom Selleck tried not to ‘break down’ during episode [INSIGHT] With Selleck being the face of the series, it is also likely the show will continue and only end on his terms. The 77-year-old actor recently revealed his other hit series Magnum PI came to an in 1988 during its original run under his say so. During an interview with TV Insider, the actor, who was also celebrating Blue Blood’s 250th episode anniversary, shared how Magnum PI could have also celebrated a similar milestone. Selleck disclosed: “I never thought I’d be lucky enough to do a show that had that long a run.  “Maybe Magnum, PI could have reached that number because nobody wanted to cancel it. He confessed: “I was the guy causing the divorce. “I’d done the number one movie, Three Men and a Baby in the US and I wanted to have a family,” he concluded. Blue Bloods is available on CBS, A UK release date is yet to be announced. 