The internationally successful zombie drama may be in the final stretch of its 11th and final season, but The Walking Dead franchise is by no means dead and buried just yet. Another spin-off will soon be joining the mix on AMC and will see the return of Samantha Morton as Alpha alongside some huge names making their debut in the horror phenomenon. Alpha has made her first appearance since the show’s 10th season in the first trailer for Tales of the Walking Dead. Series regular Samantha was just one of several characters revealed in the 16-second teaser. It looks like fans will finally get to see Alpha’s life before the zombie apocalypse, as she appears without her trademark shaven head or undead mask. She last featured in the season 10 episode, Walk With Me, after leading the Whisperers in a brutal war against the Coalition. READ MORE: 'I'm not a feudal serf' Wright rages at Queen's 7 palaces Tales of the Walking Dead was confirmed to be in the works back in September 2020 and was officially announced in October 2021. The series will premiere in mid-2022 during the break between the second and third parts of the flagship show’s final season. Chief content officer Scott Gimple will produce the series in conjunction with showrunner Channing Powell, writer for both the mainline series and its first spin-off, Fear the Walking Dead. Scott said in a statement announcing the full cast: “[This is] the first wave of singular talents who will further expand the Walking Dead Universe into harrowing, hilarious, heartfelt, and horrifying new realms. “We couldn't be happier to welcome them to the family, along with these terrific directors.” He then teased fans: “More announcements, more wonderful folks to come.” There is already speculation a number of familiar faces from the world of The Walking Dead will make surprise appearances in the new series. Until then, there are already several major names confirmed to be appearing in the upcoming anthology. DON'T MISS:Game of Thrones’ Maisie Williams ‘resented’ Arya role [INSIGHT]Stranger Things season 4 trailer: Eleven's new enemy exposed in promo [SPOILERS]Law and Order’s Dylan McDermott says fans will ‘forget’ about Wheatley [INTERVIEW] The new trailer has revealed the first look at a number of newcomers to the series, including Brooklyn Nine-Nine’s Terry Crews and Better Call Saul’s Poppy Liu. Jillian Bell, Anthony Edwards, Olivia Munn, Jessie T Usher and Danny Ramirez round out the main cast, all of which are playing still undisclosed roles. Plus, Lost in Space star Parker Posey is seen in the new trailer as a woman who is voluntarily bitten by a zombie at the start of the zombie outbreak. Directing the series will be The Good Lord Bird’s Haifaa Al-Mansour, FBI’s Deborah Kampmeier and The Purge’s Tara Nicole Weyr. Walking Dead regular Michael E Satrazemis will be directing the remaining three episodes of the six-part anthology. In addition to Tales, the world of The Walking Dead will expand even further with a series following Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Maggie (Lauren Cohan) set to air next year. Best friends and survivors Daryl (Norman Reedus) and Carol (Melissa McBride) will also head up their own spin-off following the series finale, so there’s plenty more content from the zombie-ridden TV franchise to look forward to. The Walking Dead season 11B is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK. Season 11C and Tales of the Walking Dead will premiere on AMC in the USA later this year.