In men the four main symptoms include an "unusual discharge" from the tip of the penis, warns the NHS. Other symptoms include:• Pain or burning sensation when urinating• Inflammation of the foreskin• Pain or tenderness in the testicles. In women the symptoms are different. The reason for this is because of the different anatomy. READ MORE: Arthritis: Regular tea consumption reduces risk Symptoms women can experience are:• Unusual vaginal discharge• Pain or a burning sensation when passing urine• Pain or tenderness in the lower abdominal area• Bleeding between periods, heavier periods and bleeding after sex. It is also possible for both men and women to have an infection in the rectum, throat, or their eyes. In the eyes it can cause conjunctivitis.  Gonorrhoea can be treated, but crucially, the condition must be treated quickly otherwise there may be complications. In women gonorrhoea can spread to the reproductive organs and during pregnancy can cause a miscarriage, premature birth and labour, and the baby being born with conjunctivitis. However, if the infection is caught early, it is unlikely to lead to any complications. The consequences in men are less numerous with the infection causing a painful infection that can lead to fertility problems in some cases. The most common treatment for gonorrhoea is a prescription of antibiotics. Normally in the form of an injection into the buttocks or thigh, they can also be taken in tablet form in some cases. Symptoms of gonorrhoea will normally take two weeks to disappear, says the NHS. It is also important to inform current or recent sexual partners if diagnosed. This is something that will become ever more important if cases of super gonorrhoea continue to rise. Super gonorrhoea is a type of gonorrhoea that does not respond to antibiotics. Recent cases in the UK have sparked a test and trace rush to find those with the condition and stop the spread. Meanwhile, human-trials have started on a new antibiotic treatment for the stronger form of the disease.