Steamy period drama Bridgerton deftly won over viewers during its initial release in 2021, racking up streams from over 82 million households - only to smash records again during this year’s second season release. Set during the Regency era in England, Bridgerton’s story revolves around eight close-knit siblings of the powerful Bridgerton family attempting to find love. It’s safe to say it’s a household favourite, and not only as one to watch but also as one to emulate. Bridgerton has borne both an influence socially and culturally, as well as aesthetically. Vogue wrote a feature mapping out eight fashion trends derived from the season, compiled through Google search result surges following its initial release. Floral dresses, Mary Janes, Opera gloves, and Empire line dresses are just a few of the searches that stormed Google. But this influence has also extended to the home. From colour patterns to textures and ornate wallpapers, the show has sparked a movement towards Royalcore interiors. Some experts have even stated the makeover has the potential to increase the value of your house by up to 86 percent. READ MORE: Will there be a season 3 of Bridgerton?   So what about the garden? Perfectly manicured gardens feature heavily throughout the show, with intricately pruned hedges and draping wisteria - although, it might seem tough to achieve. Luckily, Express.co.uk spoke to Teresa Conway, deputy editor at GardeningEtc, who has provided her top tips to bring Royalcore to your garden - no matter how much space you have. Ms Conway said: “Thanks to the release of season 2 of Bridgerton and the impending festivities for the Queen's Jubilee, royal-fever is nearing its peak. “One of the areas we're seeing this trend develop is in our outdoor spaces. There are several hallmarks of a royalcore garden, which can be applied even if you don't have a king-sized garden.”  It's the sound of trickling water as much as the sight of a spouting fountain that will give an air of romance to your garden. Ms Conway said: “If you caught season one of Bridgerton, you might recall a particular fountain, which was a favourite of Daphne's. “You might not have room for one quite that size, but a smaller version in stone - real or an imitation - is ideal for a Royalcore look and will create an instant regal focal point.” Topiary is the horticultural practice of training perennial plants by clipping the foliage and twigs of trees, shrubs and subshrubs to create clearly defined shapes. Ms Conway said: “You can buy ready clipped topiary in cones, balls and spiral shapes, which will give a formality to your outdoor space. DON'T MISS: Gardening: How to create a low maintenance garden [EXPLAINED]Gardener's April to-do list: Create a sweet pea teepee [ANALYSIS] Calam Lynch age: How old is the Bridgerton Theo Sharpe actor? [INSIGHT]     “Good news is that most topiary plants can be grown in pots so you can achieve this evergreen framework on a patio or even just a balcony. “It's flamboyant and a statement and it feels just at home in a modern royalcore garden as it did in the Tudor gardens where it first came into prominence in royal Britain. “Look out for yew, holly and laurel. Box (Buxus sempervirens) is a classic choice but a recent blight means that it could be a risky choice for your plot. If you want to try your hand at topiarising some existing shrubs, you'll need some one-handed topiary clippers or some super-sharp kitchen scissors.” Wisteria is perhaps the most Bridgerton-esque of all the climbers. Ms Conway said: “The signature purple blooms are also deliciously fragranced, adding to the romance of your garden. “The only downside to these fast growers is that they can get out of hand if you don't keep on top of pruning. Twice a year is sufficient: once in January and once in mid-July.  “A great alternative to, or, indeed partner for, wisteria is Clematis Montana, which will produce a purple flush of blooms in Spring. And of course, roses are the epitome of royalcore. “Take inspiration from the formal rose garden at Buckingham Palace originally designed by famed English rose grower Harry Wheatcroft in the 1960s, where roses are arranged by colour. “I recently spoke to Jenny Windsor, Senior Gardener at Peckover House in Cambridgeshire and she encourages their blooms to grow over arches by training the roses along a horizontal wire system, which encourages better flower formation.” The most important thing to remember before you rush out and buy a wisteria or a particular rose variety, is to check that the plant suits the conditions you plan to grow it in. Ms Conway said: ”If you're new to gardening, or just a little unsure, try a container-grown option first so you can control the soil quality and reposition it if you need to.” 