Dillian Whyte has finally fulfilled 'Clause 11' of the contract he signed to fight Tyson Fury as the two British heavyweights prepare to square off for the WBC and Ring Magazine world titles on April 23 at Wembley. The Body Snatcher has maintained silence ever since he signed on the dotted line amid an ongoing, behind-the-scenes dispute between his representatives, Frank Warren and the WBC. Whyte believes he's entitled to a greater share than his 20 per cent split of the record-breaking £31million purse. The 34-year-old, who now resides near the Algarve in Portugal where he has been training, refused to show for the official fight press conference in early March. Since then, Whyte's lawyer Jeffrey Benz also clashed with Fury's promoter Warren on talkSPORT over alleged breaches of the fight contract. While Whyte's team were unhappy with Queensbury Promotions' treatment of the Brixtoner, Warren claims the challenger is yet to fulfil 'Clause 11' of the fight contract - which legally states he must actively promote the bout on his social media channels. Whyte was yet to do that - until now - as he eases fears the mouth-watering spectacle may not even go ahead. Taking to Twitter and Instagram, Whyte made it clear he was ready to rock and roll as he bids to make history under the famous arch. "I’m ready. I'm looking forward to seeing everyone on the 23rd of April @wembleystadium. #LetsGooo!!!!" Warren, BT Sport, Wembley Stadium and Vow Nutrition were also tagged in the post - which was later retweeted by Warren. The Hall of Fame Promoter recently said to Whyte's lawyer Benz: “You’re a lawyer, where does it say anything in that contract you signed? "Clause 11 of that contract says the boxers shall reasonably promote the bout. Dillian has not posted one thing about this fight. Not one. Is that not contractual obligation Jeff?” It appears Warren has now got his way and all signs now point towards Wembley for next weekend's clash of the titans. Fury is now close to wrapping up preparations at his gym in Morecambe where the likes of Jarrell Miller and Martin Bakole were in camp for sparring. The Gypsy King has also been quiet on social media since the fight was formalised, handing over his channels to his team. Whyte will now get his long-awaited world title shot after spending over 1,500 days as the WBC's No 1 heavyweight contender. The Body Snatcher has not fought since he wiped out Alexander Povetkin in their 'Rumble on the Rock' Gibraltar rematch last March. Fury is fresh off the back of his legacy-defining trilogy triumph over Deontay Wilder in Las Vegas last October, as he looks to settle the score with another rival, following numerous foul-mouthed online spats.