The official data was compiled after a Freedom of Information request by GoShorty. The company has used data from motoring offences and breath test statistics for the 2020 calendar year, and additional crime figures for the 2020/21 financial year. Speeding: Across the country, there were 1,873,238 speeding offences in total in 2020. Speed limits are a vital part of road safety strategy, ensuring that drivers only go as fast as is considered safe for each stretch of road. These limits have prevented an untold number of accidents and saved countless lives, so should not be taken lightly, according to the experts. While not all speed limit offences are intentional, an accidental offence still indicates a level of unawareness in the driver that could be dangerous to other road users. READ MORE: Cyclist hits out at driver who braked and injured him Lincolnshire was named as the UK’s speeding hotspot having recorded the highest per capita rate of speed limit offences in the country, with over 13,000 offences per 100,000 people. This rate is significantly higher than any other part of the UK, with second place Norfolk recording a rate of just under 9,000 offences per 100,000 people. Theft: The second most common car crime was theft from a vehicle, with 192,824 recorded offences. This refers to any time a theft has been committed where the thief has stolen items that were left in the vehicle. DON'T MISS New EU driving rule could cost up to £2500 if broken [REVEAL]Drivers could use electric cars to power their homes [INSIGHT] British drivers warned of busiest Easter on UK roads in eight years [WARNING] These thefts are often unplanned. Experts warned that opportunistic thieves might spot something of value on the back seat of a car and attempt to steal it, so drivers should always keep any valuables out of view if they need to leave them inside the vehicle. London has the highest rate of thefts from cars of anywhere in the UK, with just under 700 offenses recorded per 100,000 people. This is over 50 percent higher than second-place Greater Manchester which recorded a rate of 447.85 offences per 100,000 people. Criminal damage: The third most common car crime is criminal damage to a vehicle, with 158,041 recorded crimes. This offence refers to when someone knowingly causes damage to another person’s vehicle, such as scratching the paint or breaking a window. This damage is often caused in response to arguments between the owner and the offender, as an act of mindless vandalism, or is done during an attempted robbery. Cleveland, a historical county in the North East of England that encompasses the towns of Middlesbrough, Hartlepool, Stockton-on-Tees, Redcar, and Cleveland, has the highest rate of criminal damage to vehicles in the country, with 430.33 offences per 100,000 people. Other offences include things such as careless driving. Careless driving is when the person in control of a motor vehicle exhibits behaviour below the minimum standard expected of a careful driver, including driving without reasonable consideration for other road users. This is a less serious offence than dangerous driving and will not leave you with a criminal record, though a conviction will see you receive a fine and three points on your licence. The UK’s careless driving hotspot is Essex, where the rate of offences is 185.17 per 100,000 people. This is considerably higher than anywhere else in the country, with second place Cheshire the only other area with a rate above 100, having recorded 126.68 offences per 100,000 people. The list of the top committed offences also includes vehicle insurance offences, neglect of traffic directions, interfering with a motor vehicle, seat belt offences, and positive or refused breath tests.