Max Verstappen is "threatening to lose patience" after his second retirement of the season but Timo Glock believes the Dutchman must stick with it as Red Bull still hold a strong package to compete with Ferrari. Verstappen called his latest DNF at the Australian Grand Prix "unacceptable" and former F1 driver Glock fears the 23-year-old is growing tired with Red Bull. But Glock, who spent six years driving in F1, has urged the reigning world champion to trust Red Bull in the long run. "There you have to sort out the errors. Red Bull is not used to that," Glock wrote for Sky Germany. "In recent years, the team has not had any technical problems. It is necessary to analyse why this is the case. "Still, it's a worst-case scenario because they're already losing too many points early in the season. Of course, Max Verstappen also reacted very annoyed to this topic and now threatens to lose patience. JUST IN: Max Verstappen admits beating Charles Leclerc 'a big task'  "But he must have it. He has a car that works well and with which he can fight for the championship. But for that, Red Bull has to sort out the technical problems as quickly as possible." Pre-season testing in Bahrain quickly indicated that Red Bull and Ferrari were the two teams to have set the benchmark from the new regulation in place for this season. And the opening race of the season saw both Verstappen and Charles Leclerc locked in a tense battle at the front until the very end. But Verstappen's race ended early after he was forced to retire due to an issue with petrol getting through to the engine. The Dutchman was furious after the race, slamming the reliability of the RB18 and saying retirements "at this level, with the amount of information, shouldn’t happen". DON'T MISS  It was a much better result in Saudi Arabia as Verstappen pipped Leclerc to the chequered flag for his first race of the season, but more issues followed last time out in Australia. Christian Horner confirmed after the race that the issue was different to what happened to Verstappen's car in Bahrain, but Verstappen was once again critical of the team. Verstappen's retirement in Australia has given Leclerc another boost in the Drivers' Championship with the Ferrari driver already 46 points clear of his rival. Upgrades are expected before the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, but Ferrari will be hoping to win at the first of their two home races this season. But Verstappen will have good memories of his race win in Italy last year having moved up from third to first after lights out and took the win.