Lewis Hamilton and George Russell’s position ahead of the midfield could be under threat as teams vow to close the gap. It comes after Mercedes claimed they had some breathing space to the rest of the pack after Saudi Arabia. Trackside engineering director Andrew Shovlin said the team had a bit of a margin to cars behind which meant they could experiment with their vehicle. However, Alpine boss Otmar Szafnauer has another idea as he hunts down the German manufacturer. Firing a warning to the reigning constructors’ champions, Szafnauer described Mercedes as a “carrot” to be caught. Speaking to GP Fans, he said: “It is a carrot, it’s a carrot to keep pushing. "It will take us a few races, a variety of races to assess where we are in the pecking order then, like I said, it will be a development race." Esteban Ocon beat both Mercedes drivers in qualifying as Hamilton was knocked out in Q1. READ MORE: Mercedes have doubts Lewis Hamilton's car is 'fast enough' The Frenchman finished the race less than 25 seconds behind Russell but was clear of tenth place Hamilton. Mercedes are holding onto second in the constructors’ standings after Hamiton lucked into a podium in Bahrain after both Red Bulls retired. Russell has also starred by securing fourth and fifth in both races this season. However, the team are 40 points behind Ferrari with Hamilton almost 30 behind drivers championship leader Charles Leclerc. After the race in Jeddah, Szafnauer added Mercedes were clearly ahead on race pace but warned they would try to keep up. He explained: “We’re going to push hard to try and compete with them but sitting here today it looks totally like they have a better race car than us." DON'T MISSValtteri Bottas 'still sharing flights with Lewis Hamilton' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton car a 'bucking bronco' as Red Bull plan not working [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's car is in ‘no-man’s land’ [ANALYSIS] Team principal Toto Wolff has warned his team will not rest until they find a fix to their issues. However, he has hit back at the team’s performance in 2022 and warned it was “not an option” to stay in the same position all season. He commented: “It is totally unacceptable where we are at the moment on performance. We are third on the road and sometimes not even [that] so it is just not an option to stay where we are.” Mercedes are believed to be bringing a new upgrade to the Australian Grand Prix in a bid to find performance.