Jonathan D.T. Ward, an expert on Chinese global strategy and U.S.-China competition, warned that China has been using Russia for future attempts to undermine the United States’ dominance on the world stage. He said that Chinese President Xi Jinping has been “recycling Moscow’s propaganda” on Ukraine while holding talks with Ukrainian ministers in a bid to play both sides. He told Fox News: “I think what’s really going in here, and what many people understand, is that China is preparing for war with the United States and Asia. “If and when that happens, they will want Russia to be their partner on that date. “This is a joint idea of taking down the US-led order. They have been absolutely clear about that in their communications. “[About] being able to work together, building their military relationship, and having that underlying economic relationship in which China absolutely has the upper hand and, therefore, a great deal of leverage over Russia.” Addressing the issue of why China has not been more firmly on either side of the Ukrainian war, Ward suggested it was “in order to fulfill their wider geopolitical goals”. To err on the Russian side would be to alienate trade deals with Europe that are vital to China’s economic growth, while to swing the other way would alienate their strongest ally in the prolonged fight against the West. Ward said: “They have a shared, joint ideological enterprise. You know, Jinping is recycling Moscow’s propaganda. I think they are on the same page about their idea of contesting the United States in both Europe and Asia. “That’s really the deeper heart of this matter. Beijing is not going to throw that away because they need Russia in order to fulfill their wider geopolitical goals.” READ MORE: China horror as prisoners have organs harvested while still alive [INSIGHT] Jinping hosted President Vladimir Putin as his guest of honour prior to the Beijing Winter Olympics earlier this year, just weeks before the invasion of Ukraine. Though the contents of the discussion were confidential, Jinping vowed publicly that there were “no limits” to the two nations’ partnership. Jinping has also been vocal against NATO, suggesting that it should have been dissolved following the collapse of the Soviet Union and endorsing Putin’s message that it is attempting to encroach upon and surround Russia. And after the outbreak of the war, Jinping dismissed western sanctions on Russia as “sweeping and indiscriminate”. DON'T MISS: Xi to bring Europe ‘grinding to a halt’ by squeezing critical supplies [REVEAL] Taiwan warns West - China threat has not gone away [INSIGHT] Xi Jinping squirms as China faces losing billions in EU trade [REPORT] Following a phone call between Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba and his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on Monday, China struck a familiarly vague tone in addressing the war in Ukraine. Yi said: "Wars end eventually. The key is how to reflect on the pain, maintain lasting security in Europe, and establish a balanced, effective, and sustainable European security mechanism. "China stands ready to play a constructive role in this regard in an objective position." The call was reportedly held after a request was made by Ukraine to speak with China. It was the first time the nations had spoken since March 1, when Ukrainian officials demanded China use its influence over Russia to broker peace.