The GP appeared via video link on Thursday's Brazier on GB News as he discussed the controversial topic with host Colin Brazier. The debate came after it was reported that a number of Scottish doctors are calling for hospitals to ban serving meat to patients. Colin began the discussion by pointing out that it is only a "handful" of doctors who are backing all-vegan meals to be served in hospitals. "They're not representing an official body, it is their own opinions," the host began. "I just wonder how you feel about the idea of banning meat in hospital meals. "Whether you're one of those people who actually feel that meat is part of a diet that keeps people healthy and what you make of doctors expressing a view like this at all?" Dr Adepeju explained that he feels people deserve to have the choice of what they want to eat when they are in hospital. READ MORE: Loose Women panel warned 'not to pile on Linda' as Boris row erupts "It is quite unfair for people who do eat meat regularly and people who aren't vegan to not have the choice not to eat meat in hospital," the doctor said. "I know already it is kind of an issue making sure patients eat their meals and things like that. "So, if you give them less options, I am not sure how well that will play, unfortunately. "I do understand the health implications of going completely vegan but it is all about choice and you need to have that choice there, don't you?" Colin went on to joke: "The choice people really want, yes choice is nice but the choice between nice hospital food and awful hospital food, is the key choice, isn't it?" As Dr Adepeju nodded in agreement, they went on to discuss the junior doctors coming forward and their views on veganism. "They make the argument regularly that plant-based food is healthier, I disagree with them vehemently," Colin fumed. "But I think they are increasingly assertive, just on my second point to you about whether it's right that doctors feel fit to express, what is I think quite a political view in its own way, or do you think doctors should just treat people for their ailments and otherwise keep schtum." DON'T MISS...Carole Malone erupts in firey election debate over Partygate row [VIDEO]Death in Paradise star snubbed for BBC role over language difficulty [INSIGHT]Coronation Street theory: Daniel Osbourne for affair with co-worker [SPOILERS] "As doctors, you have your opinions on what you believe is healthy and what you believe is right and wrong," he explained. "I do see where you're coming from and in regards to not letting your opinions affect the way you treat your patients, I suppose banning meat would do that, wouldn't it? "It would be you saying that, 'meat is in my opinion completely unhealthy and should be banned for all patients'. "I do agree with you on that point, at the end of the day all we can do is treat what patients eat and don't eat... we shouldn't have an influence on that I believe." The segment left viewers divided and many took to social media to share their thoughts. Jane Rimmer said: "When I was in the hospital for a week last year the meals were really something to look forward to, especially with no visitors. I would not have looked forward to or wanted to eat, vegan meals." (sic) Ave tweeted: "Hospitals are mostly full with the elderly generation, stop messing with their last years please." While Philip Marsden asked: "Will the hospital provide the extra supplements to replace those needed by the body that's missing from a vegan diet? How much extra money will going vegan cost the health service?" Brazier airs weekdays on GB News from 4pm.