They may also have paid a visit to Prince Charles, who was on the premesis for the Maundy Thursday Service. A spokesperson for Meghan and Harry confirmed that they visited the Duke's grandmother, as Harry said he had hoped to do. The couple stopped in on their way to The Hague to attend The Invictus Games. Visitors at Windsor Castle attending the Maundy Thursday Service saw the couple, with one eyewitness saying Harry and Meghan "waved at everyone on the bus". They said: "I couldn’t believe it when I saw who it was. "We waved and they waved back. "They looked happy and relaxed and waved to everyone on the bus. "Charles and the Queen were at Windsor Castle at the same time so they must have met them both. Speaking to the Sun, the eyewitness added: "It was quite the sight. "We knew we might see Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall at the ceremony but never believed we would bump in to Harry and Meghan." This came after the couple sparked outrage for their decision not to attend Prince Philip's memorial service in March. The service, which took place on March 30 at Westminster Abbey, saw around 1,800 people attend. A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle confirmed that the couple would not be present at the event but did not give an explanation. It has since emerged that the couple plan to attend the opening ceremony of the Invictus Games in The Hague on Saturday. But royal expert Ingrid Seward described yesterday's visit as "an olive branch". Speaking to the Sun, she said: "It is a wonderful opportunity to clear the air and offer an olive branch. "After everything that has gone on it must have taken a lot for Harry and Meghan to go to Windsor. "Also Maundy Thursday is a very special day for the Queen as it is about forgiveness. "She is not one to hold grudges and I think she would have happily welcomed them with open arms."  The covert visit is the first time Meghan and Harry have been back in the UK together since they stepped back from royal duties in March 2020. Prince Harry has returned to the UK twice, once for his grandfather's funeral and once for the unveiling of a statue of his late mother, Princess Diana. But in recent months he has said he is "unable to return" home unless he is supplied with police protection as a result of security fears. A legal representative for the Prince said: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. "In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home."