Arsenal have been told to avoid making a move for Marcus Rashford in the summer transfer window. Former Gunners star Eduardo believes it would be best to snub the Manchester United star because of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang. Arsenal have been told to snub signing Rashford in the summer and Aubameyang has been used as an example. Mikel Arteta is desperate to sign a striker in the summer and has made bringing one in a priority. One of the players linked with a switch to the Emirates is United's Rashford, who has grown disillusioned with life at Old Trafford. Ralf Rangnick has scarcely used the player while his form has been drastically off this season. It remains to be seen whether the incoming manager will bring the England international back into the fold but it would require a huge turnaround to bring him back to form. Whether Mauricio Pochettino or Erik ten Hag comes in could be huge for the forward's career. But Eduardo reckons Arsenal should avoid trying to sign the 24-year-old because he does not fit the correct bill Arteta wants in a striker. He told Ladbrokes: "For Arsenal now, the future is about adding strength in depth, and improving competition for places. I would be looking at the wing-back positions, a midfielder and - for sure - one striker." "But those big players are hard to come by. Can you realistically go in and get a Karim Benzema? A Robert Lewandowski? An Erling Haaland? I don't know; Arsenal now have to look at other options aside from the elite; maybe someone playing in Europe who is clinical in front of goal, but also has the right character and mentality to join Mikel Arteta's team. "It's all about finding a player with the right levels of motivation. Take Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as an example; he's a top player, but there was always trouble with him. "There would always be question marks around his future, throughout the season. That causes trouble in the dressing room, and then among fans, and so you have to avoid someone with that kind of mentality. "Marcus Rashford is one of the names who has been linked with Arsenal this summer. But is he the right player to come in and fill that role as a number nine? No. "He doesn't play as a striker for Manchester United, so why would Arsenal bring him in if they need a striker? I don't know if he has the right capacity to come in and do the job Arsenal would need him to do."