Kenny has starred in Vera since 2014 as unorthodox Detective Chief Inspector Vera Stanhope's (played by Brenda Blethyn) loyal sidekick after he replaced Joe Ashworth (David Leon). Guest stars have appeared in the ITV series over the years and Kenny has opened up on working alongside his former drama school teacher for the 2022 feature-length episode As The Crow Flies.   Vera fans were thrilled to learn Kenny and Vera would be solving more chilling crimes in two specials this year. Guest stars appearing across the two episodes included Bill Ward, Charlie Hardwick, Craig Parkinson, Ann Mitchell, Jaye Griffiths and Nabil Elouahabi. Ann Mitchell, who is perhaps best known for her role in EastEnders as Cora Cross, portrayed Moira Swann in As The Crow Flies. And the 82-year-old London-born actress happens to be Kenny's former drama school teacher.  READ MORE: Kate Garraway overcome with emotion as she details strain on marriage  Detailing being reunited with Ann for the ITV series, 47-year-old Kenny explained: “Ann Mitchell, who stars in As The Crow Files, was actually one of my acting teachers when I was at drama school in the late 90s. "I have caught up with her before, on a press night when I was doing Full Monty in the West End, but I’d never actually worked with her. The South Yorkshire-born actor continued: "It was an absolute pleasure to share some screen time with my old teacher. "I think she’s a legend and we had a little moment of teacher and student working together."  In the episode which features Ann, a primary school teacher called Lizzy Swan is found dead at the bottom of a cliff-side coastal walkway. What initially appears to be a horrific accident soon becomes a murder investigation after Vera realises the body has been tampered with. Lizzy's family are heartbroken by the news which is the latest in a string of tragedies to befall them. As the episode unfolds, Vera learns Lizzy was recently suspended from work for recklessly accusing a father of physically abusing his son - and her family were kept in the dark. DON'T MISS...Vera's Aiden Healy star details 'special' moments filming series [INTERVIEW]Vera's Kenny Doughty admits he’s ‘never been on a job like’ ITV drama [INSIGHT]Kate and Koji backlash as fans slam 'canned laughter'  [REACTION] The mac wearing detective begins to wonder what other secrets lie at the heart of this murder investigation. Vera’s interviews paint a troubling picture of a paranoid woman who in the days leading up to her death seemed to be burning bridges with loved ones. Filming for series 12 has already begun as the cast and crew have been spotted filming in Newcastle. But its loyal fans are patiently waiting to watch the final two instalments of season 11 after the coronavirus caused havoc with the show's filming schedule.  Vera actress Brenda recently admitted to viewers she had "no idea" when they would get the chance to watch the remaining episodes but stressed how much she enjoys filming the series. On filming the show in the northeast of England, the actress recently told Radio Times: "I love it, I just love it – I love the people up there, too. "There is a difference between the friendliness of the north and the south, I don't care what anybody says." Vera is expected to air on ITV later this year. 