Olympic sprinter Iwan Thomas has claimed Prince Harry told him of the “struggles” he has dealt with outside of his public life when the pair met back in 2016. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the sportsman, 48, told how he and the Queen’s grandson, 37, first crossed paths at an event for the Royal Family’s Heads Together campaign back in 2016 where they candidly discussed the topic of mental health. Prince Harry hosted the barbecue for a star-studded list of athletes, who he opened up to about his mental health. Iwan recounted how, during the candid conversation, the royal admitted he had previously faced tough times. The Olympic sprinter highlighted the effect Princess Diana’s death had on her son at such a young age. Iwan told Express.co.uk: “On that day at a barbecue, he said, you know, ‘Obviously, I've struggled myself as well’. “Because you got to remember when Prince Diana died - his mother died - [Prince William and Prince Harry] were both really young boys. “So, it must be very hard for them being in the spotlight growing up, having no privacy at all. “The whole world is watching you,” the sports star concluded. Elsewhere during the interview, Iwan stressed the importance of high-profile names like Harry’s raising awareness around mental health issues. He said people like Harry and other popular names have made it “acceptable” to admit struggles. Iwan said: “I think people like Prince Harry and other high profile people have made it more acceptable to talk out. “And it is okay not to be okay. I think perhaps certainly with men in the past, [they] have tried to be very macho and very manly. “‘I can’t admit I’m weak’ or ‘It’s a sign of weakness if I’m feeling down’, and it’s not at all, I think it’s a sign of strength that people who kind of have the courage to talk up," he explained. DON'T MISS...Richard Madeley admits he and Judy Finnigan are now ‘semi-detached’ [LATEST]Nick Knowles ‘rages’ at backlash over new partner 'Wealthier than me!' [UPDATE]Stacey Solomon issues apology over 'unrelatable' swimming pool update [INSIGHT] Iwan also highlighted the importance of physical activity when trying to feel better mentally. He said: “So, you know, but once again, I think the exercises really helped me win. “As I said earlier, we don't have days when I think I'm getting a bit low, I'll go to the gym, even if I don't really want to go and I don't really want to speak to anyone. “I don't want to go I know, once I'm there, I feel much better.” Iwan has previously admitted to facing depression once he realised his athletic career was over due to injuries. Speaking to BT, Iwan said: "I didn’t ever accept that I had anything wrong, I saw it as a bit of a weakness if someone admitted they had a bit of a mental imbalance, anxiety or stress or depression. "For me it was in my career when I had loads of injuries as an athlete and it became clear I wasn’t going to get back to running at the top level again, I kind of just buried it away and didn’t really talk to people and pretended I was alright and I was all happy but behind closed doors I was going through some pretty dark years. "I didn’t even talk to my friends or family about it," he added.