Prince Harry and Meghan Markle officially stepped down after agreeing to a one-year trial with the Queen, Prince Charles, and Prince William during which they sought to establish themselves an independent from the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex had previously requested to continue working for the Crown, and to still represent Her Majesty, in a reduced capacity but their part-time approach was quickly dismissed. According to biographer Tom Quinn, however, Harry and Meghan are now hoping the arrangements could be reviewed once the Prince of Wales becomes king. Speaking to Royally Us, Mr Quinn said: "I think Meghan and Harry are hoping, and I've had this on good authority when the Queen dies, Charles will be open to allowing Harry and Meghan to be part-time royals. "Which is what they wanted from the start." The biographer also dismissed speculation about the Queen being concerned about the impact the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's departure would have on the Royal Family but more about the personal relationship the couple has with their relatives. He suggested Harry and Meghan's decision to relocate to the United States might have sparked comparisons between the Duke and his great-uncle Edward VIII but noted their situation, and the effect of their stepping back, are fundamentally different. READ THE LATEST UPDATES ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S ROYAL FAMILY LIVE BLOG Mr Quinn continued: "The other thing about Harry effectively leaving the Royal Family to live in America with an American woman, I think, for Elizabeth the Queen this has a frightening echo of her uncle, Edward VIII, abdicating. It's almost as if history repeating itself. "I don't think she feels...she's a very pragmatic woman, very unemotional woman, and I think the one thing that will comfort her about Harry going to the states is that he's not the heir to the throne. "With her uncle it was a much more dangerous situation because he was the king, he was giving up the throne and damaging the reputation of the Royal Family. "But because Harry's the spare, not the heir, I think she'll be worried for personal reasons as much as for the public image of the Royal Family." READ MORE: Adorable moment beaming Harry and Meghan driven by children on first day of Invictus - VID He added: "And I think she will be very concerned this situation will continue and may get worse. "But for the moment, because he's not the heir, I don't think it's a major thing for her to worry about." Prince Harry and Meghan Markle appeared to make a step toward reconciliation after they visited the Queen at Windsor Castle before travelling to The Hague to attend the Invictus Games. The couple stayed at their Frogmore Cottage residence, which they have been renting to Harry's cousin Princess Eugenie and her family since their departure, and spent time with Her Majesty and, reportedly, Prince Charles. DON'T MISS Best pictures of Princess Anne's royal tour so far [INSIGHT] Meghan issued warning as feminists to launch attack on her new podcast [REVEAL] Queen's action 'removes any danger' of Harry and Andrew duties [REPORT] The Duke had not seen his grandmother in person since he returned to attend Prince Philip's funeral by himself in April 2021. The Duchess of Sussex, who was pregnant with the couple's daughter Lilibet Diana at the time, had been advised to avoid travelling in her condition. Meghan had not set foot in the UK since March 2020, when she attended a final round of royal engagements before stepping down. The couple arrived in The Netherlands on Friday and they are expected to remain until the end of the games next week.