A luscious green lawn is on eve gardener's wish list, but growing grass can be tricky and comes with a number of bit falls. A lawn care professional detailed a major pitfall that could see your entire lawn destroyed, a gardening disaster. The expert gave his advice for laying perennial ryegrass or fescue seed. Sam, who owns a lawn care and gardening company professionally sprucing up grass, said to be careful when you sow the garden seed and the treatments you use. The owner of JayRock LawnCare & Gardening told Express.co.uk: "Sowing grass seed wants to be done when the soil temperature is above 8 degrees on average. "You cannot do this by a day on the calendar, you must take the weather into consideration." READ MORE: Mum's 'controversial' lawn weeds method: 'No better feeling than reaping the benefits' A good time to do this is straight after scarification and aeration, Sam said. Sam previously explained all to Express.co.uk readers, including how and when to scarify the lawn. He explained: "Whether with a spring tine rake or scarification machine, lifting thatch and moss out of your lawn will allow your lawn to breath." DON'T MISSUse a 'weed membrane' to eliminate 'tricker' weeds on the patio [HOW TO] Gardeners' World pro says water 'when a lot of the soil is exposed' [LAWN] 'Kick the lawn into growing season': Start treating your lawns [EXPERT] The expert added: "Remember grass seed must be in contact with the soil for the best chance to germinate." Sam also had an urgent warning for Britons to not use the wrong herbicide on their lawn. He said: "A simple Weedol for lawns, which you can get off the shelf will help in this situation. "Make sure it is a selective herbicide you use, a nonselective herbicide will kill your lawn." A non-selective herbicide will not be specific when it comes to killing plants. They will kill any plant material they come into contact with. These herbicides are used to clear sites of plants entirely, often used on industrial sites or in an area when someone wants to lay a driveway, for example. Selective herbicides control specific weeds. They will kill weeds without affecting your grass. Sam added: "Remember your PPE and keep your animals off the area for 24 hours." According to DIY garden, the best lawn feeds for 2022 are: