Andrey Rublev has proposed donating all his Wimbledon prize money to “humanitarian causes” as a compromise to allow him to play the grass-court Grand Slam. “I would like to show that we are good people,” he said. The WTA and ATP will hold meetings in Madrid this week to formulate a response to the UK ban on Russian and Belarusian players following the invasion of Ukraine. World No.8 Rublev joined the tennis tours in calling the bans “complete discrimination” last week. But after winning his third title of the year at the Serbian Open by beating Novak Djokovic, the Russian proposed a solution to show “we are good people”. Rublev, who wrote “No War Please” on a TV camera after reaching the final in Dubai in February, said: “What Wimbledon has proposed, I hope they reflect on it and at least give us the chance to choose to play or not. If we had to sign a declaration to give all our prize money to humanitarian causes, it would be around €1m. In this way, they would take all the glory and respect. READ MORE Rafael Nadal sends message to Carlos Alcaraz after Spanish sensation wins Barcelona Open  “At the end, what we want is to be able to compete. I am Russian, I was born in Russia, I have lived all of my life in Russia and I would like to show that we are good people.” The WTA and ATP could decide to reduce ranking points at Wimbledon and impose financial sanctions on the LTA which stages grass-court warm-up events before the Grand Slam. The UK bodies will be helped if other tournaments take the same action with the Corriere della Sera in Italy reporting that Italian prime minister Mario Draghi wants to exclude Russian and Belarusian players from next month’s Italian Open. DON'T MISS Carlos Alcaraz reacts to copying Rafael Nadal as teen enters top 10 after Barcelona win Novak Djokovic has French Open hope as Serb 'pleased' after Belgrade loss to Andrey Rublev Andrey Rublev torn apart for 'uneducated' Wimbledon ban view as he's branded a 'hypocrite'  Emmanuel Macron’s victory in the French presidential election could now see him pressurise the French Open to do the same. The clay-court Grand Slam starts on May 22. Djokovic has called the Wimbledon ban “crazy” and Rublev added: “Myself and tennis players have had a telephone call with Wimbledon to speak about the situation and try and find a solution. To be honest, the reasons that they gave for our exclusion have no sense and there is no logic in what they have proposed. I could have understood if excluding Russian and Belarusian players would have some impact but it will help nothing and change nothing.” The All England Club will stage its annual spring conference to answer questions tomorrow. 