As Emmerdale viewers prepare for the dramatic court scenes coming up, Paige Sandhu has revealed they can expect Meena to put on "the performance of a lifetime", blaming Liam (Jonny McPherson) and Manpreet (Rebecca Sarker) for everything. Yet will she literally get away with murder? "With the history of Meena, she does always get away with it," Paige warned. "No matter how ridiculous, over the top, wild, crazy she goes, she does seem to get away with it, so I think [Liam and Manpreet] will be a little bit nervous. "Audiences will be on the edge of their seats not knowing what's gonna happen or which way it's gonna go. "There are points when you can see the jury believing people like Manpreet and Liam, but on the other hand you also see people believing Meena." READ NOW: Geri Horner ‘skips Brooklyn Beckham's wedding' to join F1 husband One thing is for sure - it'll be a suspenseful, adrenaline-fuelling show, as Meena hits out at everyone to get an advantage, even if that means painting sister Manpreet as a barefaced "liar". "Meena actually does smash it, she does give the performance of a lifetime," Paige continued. "She breaks down in tears, she's very convincing, there's no hint of the mask slipping at all. "To her credit, she deals with the prosecution's attacks better than anyone else." Meanwhile, donning a specially-chosen white floral dress, intended to convey purity and innocence, is another manipulative move from Meena when it comes to casting herself as the victim. "You would never see Meena [wearing something like that] ever," Paige confirmed. "It was chosen to look like [she] couldn't possibly kill a bunch of people." Carefully strategising Meena has also been busy manipulating a prison officer in the hope that, if it came to it, he would "do illegal things for her". DON'T MISS... Max Verstappen’s love Kelly Piquet helped him through 'severe Otitis' [INSIGHT] Fern Britton admits being seen by neighbours while skinny dipping [UPDATE] Donny Osmond embraces brother as star bids farewell in final show [LATEST]  She's been building up her confidence to such an extent that when she walks into the courtroom at the start of the trial, she feels like her testimony is akin to an Oscars acceptance speech. Although she's craving her chance to "shine" as a wronged victim, will martyr Meena succeed in convincing the jury? Rebecca Sarker, who plays emotionally wounded sister Manpreet, tells Express.co.uk that she's "relying on justice" to "get her through". Meanwhile, Paige explains that if Meena is going down, she wants to brand her sister as a liar too so that they will both meet the same fate. "Meena wants Manpreet to be in prison with her so they can be sisters together in prison and cause trouble together," she explained. "[She thinks] Manpreet will forgive her and it'll all be fine in her delusional little world". Will Meena literally get away with murder - or will Manpreet finally see justice served? Viewers will have to tune into Emmerdale, weekdays on ITV at 7:30pm, to find out.