Manchester United are already planning for the summer transfer window and could reportedly take advantage of Chelsea's uncertain future. The Red Devils appear to be closing in on hiring Erik ten Hag as their new manager from next season with talks reaching a decisive phase. No final decision has been made, but reports indicate the Ajax boss will be announced as the new United manager in the coming weeks. Even without a permanent manager for next season currently in place, United have begun planning for the summer transfer window. According to the Telegraph, United officials are aware that Ten Hag will likely have his own transfer targets. But discussions are already taking place on who United are looking to sign themselves. Matt Judge and John Murtough have been working behind the scenes to try and scour the market ahead of what's expected to be a busy summer transfer window. The report claims that 'around a dozen players' could be moved on this summer, which could free up funds elsewhere. United chiefs want to supposedly prioritise signing two central midfielders, along with a central striker. A few targets have already been looked at, but there could also be some 'unexpected opportunities' surrounding Chelsea. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag wants to sign 'two of Ajax's best players' for Man Utd  It's suggested that United's transfer plans are far from being final and they accept things could change drastically in the next few months. Chelsea's situation is named as a possible hunting ground for United with the west London outfit facing an uncertain future. The Blues are currently going through the process of selecting a new owner after Roman Abramovich put the club up for sale. They're still unable to negotiate new contracts with players who are set to be free agents, meaning Andreas Christensen, Cesar Azpilicueta and Antonio Rudiger could all be available in the summer. And it is still unclear which direction Chelsea's eventual new owners will choose to go in. Under Abramovich, Chelsea had recently changed tactics in the transfer window by offloading a host of players to help fund big-money moves. DON'T MISS  Just last summer, Chelsea sold the likes of Tammy Abraham, Kurt Zouma and Fikayo Tomori to help fund their club-record move for Romelu Lukaku. Chelsea have an abundance of options in the forward positions currently with Thomas Tuchel struggling to find his favoured front three. Timo Werner and Christian Pulisic have played the least amount of minutes this season compared to the likes of Lukaku, Mason Mount and Kai Havertz. And both players have been linked with moves away from Stamford Bridge this summer. Tuchel reportedly wants to look at bolstering his options in defence, particularly due to the prospect of three first-team regulars leaving as free agents. United have been linked with both Werner and Pulisic in the past, while Rudiger has also been touted as a target for the Red Devils.