For weeks Keir Starmer's party has been offered the exact same political equivalent yet, with Labour's unerring inability to hit a barn door from three yards they have not so much missed the goal as been kicking the other way for the whole 90 minutes. Okay, tortuous methaphors out the way, I'm referring of course to the higher echelons of the left's obsession with whether Boris Johnson went to what must have been the world's most embarrassingly bad party a year ago. Haven't you got it yet? We don't care. And do you know why we don't care oh voice of the working class? Because we're all working out ways to cut our heating bills without freezing to death, of deciding whether we really, I mean really, need Netflix AND Amazon Prime (given that our Government forces us to pay for the BBC), and realising that buses are now cheaper than driving (and that walking is cheaper than both). There is a full-on serious cost of living crisis in Britain the like of which we really haven't seen since the late 70s and people - people who aren't MPs in Westminster on a minimum of £82,000 plus expenses I mean - are really feeling it. They are worried, they can't heat their homes, they are worried they can't put food on the table, they are worried they soon won't be able to pay their mortgage, and they are worried it is absolutely guaranteed to get worse in October when the next price cap will see gas and electricity charges doubling year-on-year. This should be the stuff which puts fire in the belly of an opposition party - any opposition party but perhaps especially a Labour opposition party. It is realpolitik, it is the stuff of people's real lives and it is what we send our MPs to Parliament to sort out. No-one, but no-one, in this country goes to bed worrying about whether Boris went to a party or not. Millions of people in this country go to bed worrying about whether they will be able to afford the next electricity bill though. And I don't mind admitting I'm among them. The Labour front bench should have been kicking the Tory party into next week on this topic alone. But of course if you earn £82,000 plus expenses you really aren't too fussed a large sliced loaf has gone up 30p or that it now costs the best part of £100 to fill up the car. Labour has long since stopped being the party of the working man and become purely and simply the party of the public sector - this being down to their biggest paymaster being the Unite union. And this perhaps would be forgivable if they at least did a bit of representing. But they are obsessed with political point scoring, of the worst kind of navel-gazing self obsession of the Westminster bubble. And an obsession with so-called partygate. Sir Keir, who's St Pancras constituency is cheek by jowl with Jeremy Corbyn's Islington North constituency, has taken his eye so far off the ball he was taken by the scruff of the neck by his local government secretary Lisa Nandy who told him to get a grip and focus on what mattered to real people - that is their purses and wallets. Alas, too late. Boris and his chums have already been brainstorming free-of-charge ways to cut costs for households (put another jumper on chaps!). Whether their plans to ease up on childcare and MOT rules can really impact anything is moot but the point is they've grasped the stuff that matters to people while Labour is still stamping its feet in impotent rage over something normal people have long, long since stopped caring about.  