41-year-old presenter Holly Willoughby is a hit on This Morning - and she has confirmed that, in spite of the rumours, she has no intention of leaving the show behind. She has clarified: "I love the show, I've grown with it!" Holly contradicted the speculation, which mounted after she took on new BBC project Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof, by continuing: "I've been there 13 years and I'm not going anywhere." She has also added that she feels "incredibly grateful" for the presenting gigs she has landed over the years, admitting that despite her huge success, she sometimes still suffers from "imposter syndrome". The Brighton-born beauty is now influencing millions, with the outfits she wears on This Morning often selling out within hours of her appearing in them. However, she has also been an inspiration to the world in another way - for conquering her dyslexia and going on to achieve her dreams as a presenter. READ NOW: Queer Eye star blasts royal who 'asked Harry about baby's skin colour' She recalls struggling with painful shyness in her school days due to the condition, and admits that when she tried her hand at a political interview, quizzing ex-Prime Minister Gordon Brown, she struggled. She recalled of the script: "I was saying words I didn't even understand, mangling up sentences and completely floundering. I was awful. "Various critics had said, 'She'll be OK with the fluffy fashion pieces but how will she do a serious political interview?' And they were right... I wasn't up to the job," she told the Daily Mail. Holly has since found her niche via her current roles on This Morning and Dancing On Ice, and new show Freeze the Fear. She is no longer attempting to be "perfect", but instead has gained confidence through connecting with her audience. She also excelled at co-hosting I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! with Dec Donnelly back in 2018. Most had become accustomed to seeing Ant and Dec together as a team, but Holly fit in well nonetheless and achieved rave reviews. Now she's taken on a new presenting role with a theme that Holly understands all too well from her own experiences - conquering fears to gain success. This concept has been translated to the sporting world on Freeze The Fear with Wim Hof, in which an extreme athlete teaches celebrities, including ex-Eastenders star Tamzin Outhwaite and sports presenter Gabby Logan, how to overcome issues by exposure to icy conditions. Holly will be hosting this show, along with another new project, The Games, where celebrities such as ex-Strictly champion Kevin Clifton compete to show off their Olympic prowess. The action will kick off next month - and, in spite of these extra roles, as Holly has promised, she will continue to appear on This Morning as well. Plus, fans can catch more of Holly via her latest updates for her mystical-themed website Wylde Moon. During another recent interview, Holly addressed her childhood learning difficulties again, and added, on a more positive note, how she has been able to overcome them. "I’ve struggled with dyslexia since I was young and it used to hold me back," she admitted. "At school, reading out loud absolutely terrified me because I’d get all the words wrong and I was convinced everybody thought I was stupid. Though she confessed: "It still happens now [and] most of the mistakes I make on This Morning are because of it", she has learnt to master her condition over time. She added to Red Magazine: "It doesn’t do what it did to me back then because I don’t let it have power."