Dr Michael Mosley popularised the 5:2 diet, Fast 800 diet and most recently, Fast 800 Keto. But what exercises does the weight loss guru do to lose those excess pounds? The data suggests that combining a healthy diet with exercise is a "great way" to lose weight, according to Dr Michael. And when slimmers are following extremely low calorie diets like Dr Michael's, it is absolutely fundamental that they are doing enough physical activity. "You need at least 50g of good quality protein a day - that preserves your muscle. "The things you want to do when you lose weight is lose fat and not lose muscle and that was the danger of going on a really low calorie, low protein diet - tea, juicing - is that your body needs protein and if it’s not getting it from your diet, it’s getting it from your muscles," he revealed during an appearance on This Morning. READ MORE: Princess Michael of Kent's 'health-conscious' & 'not fattening' diet Among some of the guru's favourite exercises are squats and press ups. Dr Michael even does 40 press ups a day himself to stay slim. On his podcast, Just One Thing, Dr Michael gave an insight into the world of working out for weight loss. As opposed to hitting the gym for an hour at a time, Dr Michael proposed an easier way to get the body moving - "exercise snacking". "This means doing bursts of short exercise over the day rather than trying to fit it all into a full workout." One piece of workout equipment most people take for granted is the stairs. "Stairs are a particularly good way to get in a few exercise snacks." He revealed on This Morning: "You burn three times more calories walking up the stairs than walking a similiar distance." He continued: "The surprising thing about exercise snacking is that although each exercise is short, you get the same - possibly even greater - health benefits than doing a full 30-minute workout. "Doing exercise in short chunks really can help you burn more calories, lose more weight and help improve blood glucose and blood pressure to a greater degree than if you exercised in larger chunks." The weight loss guru proclaimed that this is an "easy" way to exercise, especially if you aren't someone who works out regularly. "It's certainly better than intending to go to the gym. Giving his top exercise tips on This Morning, Dr Michael said: "If you are sitting down, stand up. There is really good evidence to show that if you stand up every 30 minutes or so, that will significantly reduce your risk of heart disease." Dr Michael's second fitness tip was: "If you're going to do exercise, put some intensity in it. If you're going for a walk, make sure you're going up a hill and pushing yourself every so often. "Vary your exercise. Don't just do the same thing all the time - your body will get used to it. Walk, swim, run up the stairs." Finally, Dr Michael emphasised the importance of aiming for 10,000 daily steps. "Buy a pedometer. What we should be aiming at is walking around 10,000 steps per day, but most of us do less than half of that."