Food giant Heinz is releasing limited edition bottles on which the sauces are labelled "HM Sauce" and "Heinz Salad Queen". Anke von Hanstein, a senior brand manager at Heinz, said: "This is an extraordinary moment for the Queen and the great British public, and we want to celebrate this with two of our most well-loved and historic sauces." The celebratory sauces will start to appear on supermarket shelves from this week for parties, picnics and parades over the festive four-day bank holiday weekend in June to mark the Queen's 70 year long reign. An Opinium Research poll of 2,000 Britons, shows almost half say the Jubilee is an opportunity to savour British foods such as afternoon tea, strawberries and cream, and fish and chips. Ms von Hanstein said: "Releasing limited edition bottles in time for the Jubilee felt like the perfect fit. "HP sauce and Heinz Salad Cream have been on the dining tables of Brits throughout all the Queen's reign, bringing delicious and distinctive flavours to our favourite meals.  "We hope our customers enjoy these celebratory designs and that they add a squeeze of fun to the Jubilee celebrations, however one is celebrating." A Platinum Jubilee Cookbook is due to be released on April 28 ahead of the celebrations. Charles, Prince of Wales, and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, have said in the book's foreword that it will celebrate breaking bread with people from around the world. The cookbook will present 70 recipes from British embassies and high commissions, including Spanish marmalade from the Madrid embassy and green fish curry from the Islamabad High Commission.  READ MORE ABOUT A UK TRADE REVOLUTION It will also include stories about the use of food in British diplomacy. In the foreword, Charles and Camilla write that when the Queen became monarch 70 years ago the UK's culinary outlook was "bleak". They write: "Seventy years ago, when The Queen came to the Throne, the culinary outlook in the United Kingdom was bleak: several foods were still rationed and the meagre choice of ingredients on offer posed a challenge to even the most creative cook. "Meals from other parts of the world were almost unheard of. The only option for a takeaway was the ever-faithful fish and chips and olive oil was sold in small bottles by chemists, for medical rather than culinary use."  DON'T MISS: UK nuclear bases infiltrated by China with mysterious drone sightings [REVEALED] Fury as Corbyn calls for NATO to disband [REPORT] Kate and William's solid relationship has 'occasional blistering row' [LATEST] They add: "Today, our tastes have been transformed. "More than ever before we welcome one another's culinary heritage into our homes - and, for this, we are deeply grateful."  Charles and Camilla go on to say that one thing that has remained constant is the "profound, almost spiritual, significance of breaking bread with others". They continue: "On all Royal Visits, food plays an important part, presenting opportunities to enjoy a taste of the host nation's culinary heritage, while also offering a chance to share the best of British cuisine. "We recognise some of the dishes here, from the British-Malaysian fusion Rendang Beef Wellington we enjoyed in Kuala Lumpur, through to the utterly delicious whisky bread and butter pudding we enjoyed in Washington." Food is to play a key part in the Platinum Jubilee with Buckingham Palace announcing in January a nationwide baking competition to find a dessert fit for the Queen.  The contest, launched with Fortnum and Mason and The Big Jubilee Lunch, is open to all UK residents aged eight and over. A winner will be chosen by a judging panel which includes Dame Mary Berry, Masterchef's Monica Galetti and Buckingham Palace's head chef Mark Flanagan. The recipe will then be made available for people to bake for Big Jubilee Lunch street parties in June. 