Cleaning is an often daily chore that is essential to keep your home both hygienic and organised. However, some basic household cleaning items could pose a risk to the planet if used in excess. Earth Day falls on April 22, 2022, and allows us an opportunity to think about our own carbon footprint and ways we can make small changes to help the wider planet. Though some planet-friendly changes come at a cost, not all switches have to be pricey and, according to environmental scientist Duncan Williamson, some can even "save you money". He told Express.co.uk: "All of these changes will have multiple benefits. We are in the midst of both a climate and biodiversity crisis, and globally we are heading towards a water crisis. READ MORE: Energy bills: How much does it cost to run a washing machine? "Anything we do to use less and make more eco-friendly decisions helps tackle these multiple crises. "The longer we delay, the higher the cost to each of us and the worse the impacts. "In a nutshell by buying less, reusing and recycling more, we are helping the planet and saving money. Our children and grandchildren are going to experience the impacts of these crises and anything we do now helps their future." Though you might think about the environmental impact of many daily activities, according to Mr Williamson there are some simple, eco-friendly changes people can make to their household cleaning routine. DON'T MISSHow to wash a duvet in the washing machine [EXPLAINER]The Queen gifted Beatrice & Eugenie a £4.2m home in 1997 they rejected [REVEALED]House prices: The 15 most expensive areas to buy a home in the UK [INSIGHT] Cut out disinfectant cleaning wipes Disinfectant cleaning wipes are a fast and easy way to wipe down a surface and have become a staple in many homes since the COVID-19 pandemic. However, many disinfectant wipes can actually be harmful to the environment, containing materials that can't be broken down naturally. According to a 2021 report by ITV News, Some 90 percent of the 11 billion wet wipes used in the UK every year contain plastics that turn into micro-plastics when broken down. These microplastics can contaminate water and food supplies. They can be ingested by fish and cause damage to ecosystems. Mr Williamson goes so far as to say cutting out these wipes is one of the "easiest ways" to make a positive change to your cleaning routine. He said: "Even ‘flushable’ one’s cause blockages if they are flushed away, causing blockages in drains and sewers. "And even when disposed of correctly, the majority of them end up in landfill. They are not eco-friendly and an expensive way to clean. "Think about whether you really need all these wipes around and can you do the same job with a cloth and the right detergent." White vinegar and baking soda are hailed for their multiple uses around the home, and it turns out these natural ingredients can also be a positive swap for the environment. Mr Williamson said: "White vinegar is amazing and can be used to clean kitchen, bathroom surfaces and glass." Due to the high level of acidity in vinegar, it can break down sticky build-ups and soap scum. Vinegar can also inhibit the growth of and kill some food-borne pathogenic bacteria, though it is not strong enough to act alone as a disinfectant. Mr Williamson continued: "Bicarbonate of soda is another fantastic cleaning option. It helps clean hard surfaces such as porcelain or tile." Baking soda is most often used as a leavening agent to help cookies and cakes rise. However, its high pH level means this alkaline powder also works well as a base when cleaning to dissolve certain build-ups. Furthermore, the mineral structure of baking soda means it works well as a gentle abrasive. Mr Williamson said: "Pour a little onto a damp sponge and wipe, then wipe over the area with a clean sponge or cloth. "It can also remove surface stains, deodorise smells on clothing, clean and remove odours in carpets, prevent pet odours and even be used as a mouthwash." Reuse old paper Putting to use traditional cleaning methods from years gone by might also do the trick. If you have old paper or newspaper lying around, this can be used to wipe certain surfaces before putting it in the recycling. Mr Williamson explained: "There are other traditional ways of cleaning that work such as cleaning glass with paper. "It's simple to mix vinegar with water to create a cleaning liquid, which you then spray on the glass and wipe off with scrunched up newspaper."