In the aftermath of his brutal knockout defeat to Tyson Fury, Dillian Whyte insisted he was not outclassed and the fight was a close contest. ‘The Body Snatcher’ had been waiting for his world championship chance since 2017 and in the biggest match of his life he was unable to usurp Fury from the top of the heavyweight boxing mountain.  A devastating uppercut in the sixth round sent Whyte tumbling to the mat, and despite making it back to his feet, his wobbly legs couldn’t keep him upright and the fight was stopped by the official. He wasted no time leaving the ring and did not give a post-fight interview, but he gave a rather surprising assessment of the bout to BBC Radio 5 Live. "There wasn't a lot in it - it was a close fight and I didn't feel like I was outclassed in there,” Whyte said. "My game plan was to press him and start moving forward. I was trying to attack but one slip and I got caught with the shot. "He's a big awkward guy - I was expecting that. It was always going to be an awkward fight, but I was trying to set up and be patient and land what I could early and from round three onwards start to press. It was a good learning experience." JUST IN: Tyson Fury clip goes viral as boxing star urges ref to pull dazed Dillian Whyte from fight   Whyte developed a cut over his right eye and required stitches after the bout, but did not have to visit hospital. Fury meanwhile, was delighted with the victory and labbled his opponent a future world champion. “Dillian is a warrior and I believe he will be a world champion,” he shared. "One of the greatest and, unfortunately, he had to fight me tonight. "You are not messing with a mediocre heavyweight, you are messing with the best man on the planet." Boos rang around the stadium as referee Mark Lyson spoke at length with the two boxers in an attempt to stop the bout becoming a mess in round four. DON'T MISS   Fury was angered by Whyte during a clash of heads and after they were separated, the Body Snatcher landed a punch that left his opponent bad-tempered. The Mancunian composed himself and carried on his game plan of using his jab and long reach to keep a considerable distance between himself and Whyte. He was happy to stay on the back foot and shrug off any offence thrown his way and waited for the opportune time to strike, doing so with aplomb. Fury claims he now wants to retire and wife Paris Fury thinks he would only compete again under one condition. “I would like him to come home now, he has nothing more to prove,” she told BT Sport Box Office. “If he had anything left to do I would say ‘yeah Tyson you do it’, he has nothing to prove, unless he really wants to box on. If he’s just doing it for money or fame, he doesn’t need that. We’re very blessed and lucky to not need any more money, I’m happy with what we are and what we’ve got. I know in my heart I think the only reason that Tyson would come back is for a unification fight." 