Vile misogyny which runs unchecked through society is also running through the corridors of power, unchallenged. Earlier this week, the attention of a national newspaper focused on the Deputy Leader of the Opposition. Her presence in Parliament reduced to misogynistic tropes about her work attire. Equally troubling was the assertion that she was somehow to blame for the reaction of politicians from across the House. Here was the age-old notion that a woman should be adjusting her behaviour to change the behaviour of men. As the Chief Executive of Refuge, the country’s largest single provider of specialist domestic abuse services, I know only too well how pervasive and damaging these narratives are, and the real impact they can have on women’s lives. This abhorrent stereotype, that women are to blame for male behaviour plays out across society. If the government perpetuates these narratives, how can we trust them to tackle violence against women and girls? We can’t fail to join the dots between this sort of sexist behaviour and the reactions women face when reporting abuse. We know that women who report rape or sexual assault are made to feel as though it is them who are on trial. Their choice of clothes placed under scrutiny; their sexual history dissected. Were they drunk? Were they walking home alone? We must stop blaming women for the actions and reactions of men, and instead ask why we are not teaching men and boys how to play their part in keeping women and girls safe. Even when women do come forward to report crimes committed against them, they often drop out of the justice system, a system that is supposed to protect them, because they simply cannot endure the way they are placed under the microscope rather than the perpetrator for months and years on end. Next, we have the allegations from two women, that a male MP was watching pornography in the House of Commons. The very chamber which is supposed to create and nurture the legislation that protects women and girls, but that recently declined to support making misogyny a hate crime, provided a cheap cinema seat for men to watch pornography. Launching an investigation is simply not enough; the government must send a very clear message that this behaviour will not be tolerated. That an MP would brazenly watch porn in front of colleagues, is disgraceful, this takes place the same week an MP has been allowed to complete his resignation process with full month’s pay after being found guilty of child sexual assault. What message does this send to victims? We invite the government to work with us to say Enough is Enough. We ask them to ensure The Victims Bill provides protections for women and girls and that the Online Safety Bill addresses women’s safety online. Right now, the government are allowing this sexist culture to go unchecked, instead they should be listening and making urgent change to address and eradicate misogyny. If you are affected by domestic abuse, you are not alone. You can access free and confidential support from Refuge’s 24-hour National Domestic Abuse Helpline on 0808 2000 247 and digital support via live chat Monday-Friday 3-10pm via www.nationaldahelpline.org.uk