Stefanos Tsitsipas appeared to poke fun at the tension between himself and Andy Murray over their toilet break dispute that defined their US Open clash last summer. The current World No 5 was heavily criticised for the timing and length of his toilet breaks after the Brit condemned his actions after their tight first round match at the Flushing Meadows tournament. Following his win over the former British number one, Tsitsipas was subjected to jeering and boos with the American crowd turning on him during his loss to Carlos Alcaraz. Tsitsipas suffered a five-set defeat to the Spaniard, falling 6-3 4-6 7-6 0-6 7-6 - and the Greek star utilised his tactics once more to the fury of the crowd. After losing the third set, Tsitsipas left the court and returned to win the fourth without dropping a game. However, the 23-year-old appears to now be mocking the conflict on Instagram. In a video clip posted by tennistv, his brother Petros is seen taking a while to serve during a doubles win in Monte Carlo. Tsitsipas first tagged his brother before adding another comment, which read: “I could have gone to the bathroom and back by that time.” READ MORE: Carlos Alcaraz copying two stars by stepping into 'rarefied air' The mockery by Tsitisipas appears to be aimed at Murray, who was left incensed and accused the Athens-born star of ‘cheating’ by taking two long breaks in their match that lasted nearly seven and eight minutes respectively. The controversy did not end there; a month after the US Open had concluded, Tsitsipas claimed he would take fewer bathroom breaks due to the drier climate at Indian Wells. The Greek player claimed that he would sweat less, which would require him to take fewer breaks to change clothes. At the Indian Wells press conference, Tsitsipas said: “It's very dry here. “We know that when we come here the conditions are very dry. That is good for me because I guess I sweat less, which makes for less bathroom breaks, which makes for less complaints so a very good sign so far.” DON'T MISSSerena Williams' future in doubt as coach links up with Simona HalepDjokovic's 'new coach' explains why Serb is better than Nadal on claySergiy Stakhovsky explains moment he left family to return to Ukraine Murray was in no mood to joke after he was defeated at the Flushing Meadows Grand Slam in the five-set thriller. The former World No. 1 admitted: “I lost respect for him. It’s nonsense. And he knows it, as well. “It's just disappointing because I feel it influenced the outcome of the match. I'm not saying I necessarily win that match for sure, but it had an influence on what was happening after those breaks.” Murray took to Twitter to continue his assault on Tstisipas’ tactics, insisting the Greek star takes ‘twice as long’ to go to the bathroom ‘as it takes Jeff Bezos to fly into space’.