Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand has been proven right about Marcus Rashford following the England star's performance against Everton. Rashford was substituted just after the hour mark at Goodison Park as United were hunting an equaliser following Anthony Gordon's opening goal. The 24-year-old has struggled for form and fitness this season. He was left on the bench for the visit of Leicester last weekend despite no other forwards being available to Ralf Rangnick. Rashford was brought into the starting XI as United aimed to get their quest for Champions League qualification back on track at Everton. He had a couple of early chances but for Jordan Pickford to keep the striker at bay. And when Rangnick decided to make an attacking change in the second half, Rashford was taken off in place of Anthony Elanga. Ahead of the match, Ferdinand had explained his concerns about Rashford. READ MORE: Tottenham boss Antonio Conte hints at transfer plans involving Harry Kane  And his performance on Merseyside did nothing to prove the pundit wrong. Ferdinand told BT Sport: "He’s left me worried and I’m asking a lot of questions about what is going on behind the scenes. Slumped shoulders, not as confident. "When he burst onto the scene you thought ‘oh my god this kid is a player’. I think it stems from the uncertainty of the football club. "He’s a local boy, who is desperate for this football club to do well. He grew up on success, it’s all he saw. DON'T MISSErik ten Hag 'wants to take trusted Ajax coach with him to Man Utd' after Rangnick warning [REPORT]Arsenal signing Hazard could force Arteta to fast-track plan and save millions [OPINION]Ajax 'ban English media' from Erik ten Hag press conference amid Man Utd manager links [NEWS]  "It’s deception as a football player that you hide what you’re really feeling. I don’t think he can hide it through his body language. "He wants some success back at the club. The uncertainty with the manager and his contract. "When he’s played he’s been out of position and not played as much as he wants under this manager. All those things mean you can understand why he’s like that, but as a player with experience, sometimes you need to put on a show for people that might not reflect how you feel at that time." Rashford has worked wonders off the pitch with his charity work. But Ferdinand says that has led to extra pressure to perform for United, which so far he has not been able to live up to.  He added: "His talent is there, but it’s about getting back to the levels we know he can reach and moving above those. What comes with great work and the amount of spotlight he’s been under, is more pressure. "It’s a bigger spotlight, the responsibility then falls on your shoulders and for a young lad, it’s hard to accept that responsibility. Did he anticipate that? Probably not, because things were going so well at the time. "Like it or not, that’s what comes with this type of situation. When you stand for good and make people in higher positions that yourself look silly by making change and impact on people, you get held to a different level. He’ll have to deal with that for the rest of his career."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here