  Amanda Holden wowed her fans today with some pictures from her Californian getaway, where she could be seen lounging on the beach in her bikini top. The Britain’s Got Talent star is celebrating Easter in style after reappearing on our screens last night for the latest series of her hit ITV show.      Amanda, 51, took to Instagram this morning to share some photos from her holiday in Santa Monica with her 1.8 million followers. The musical theatre star showed off her ageless beauty as she flaunted her long legs while posing on the sand. In the first shot, she lay on the beach in front of the famous Santa Monica Pier, which features a colourful amusement park. She wore a white and gold tiger print bikini top, which showed off her toned abs.      The Heart Radio presenter paired the top with some frayed blue denim shorts and some white trainers. She accessorised with a black cap from Adidas and some large shades to keep the sun out of her eyes. The second picture featured Amanda chilling out by the pool and dipping her toes in the water. She paired her bikini top with a pair of matching bottoms and decorated her nails with red polish.      On her story, Amanda shared another photo of herself in a kaftan that appeared to have the same white and gold pattern. The star could be seen sitting back on a sun lounger as she posed with one hand under her chin. The maxi dress she wore featured a low v-neckline and appeared to be made out of some sort of floaty material. She accessorised with a necklace and some bracelets, as well as her trusty pair of sunglasses. READ MORE... Fans ecstatic as comic Peter Kay returns to the stage [LATEST] Martin Kemp admits he and wife Shirlie have 'empty heart syndrome' [INSIGHT] 'Turned up with contracts’ Simon Cowell on Amanda Holden's BGT demands [NEWS]      She wore flip flops with golden straps on her feet and chose to have her hair down in loose waves. Amanda also tagged Strictly star Tess Daly’s brand NAIA, which provided her stunning wardrobe. Beside her Instagram post Amanda wrote: “Happy Easter Sunday. Did you all enjoy @BGT? More tonight from 7:35pm.” The star’s followers rushed to the comments section to compliment her on her stunning snaps.      “Stunning,” commented Loose Women’s Saira Khan, while Davina McCall wrote: “Can you please stop it Amanda. “You look way too good. And it’s really annoying,” she added with a string of laughing emojis. Instagram user Nic Hosking penned: “I literally thought it was a twenty something model then saw it was you!” (sic) “You get younger each day and have a fab figure!! Happy Easter to you!” added Asha Patel. Britain’s Got Talent returns tonight at 7:35pm on ITV.   