The Government is pushing ahead with plans to privatise Channel 4. Mark Littlewood, director general at free market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said the move could pave the way for the BBC licence fee to be abolished. Mr Littlewood said: “This is a welcome step in the modernisation of British broadcasting. "There is now such a welcome diversity in television output that it makes no sense to divide TV into public sector and commercial sector. "Channel 4 is likely to go from strength to strength as a consequence of this move. "One can only hope that this is the first step towards liberating the BBC and its viewers from the dead hand of the outdated licence fee.” Channel 4 is currently owned by the Government and receives its funding from advertising. A spokesperson for the broadcaster said it was "disappointed" with the decision but would "continue to engage" with the Government on the process to "ensure that Channel 4 continues to play its unique part in Britain's creative ecology and national life". Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted: "Channel 4 rightly holds a cherished place in British life and I want that to remain the case. "I have come to the conclusion that government ownership is holding Channel 4 back from competing against streaming giants like Netflix and Amazon. READ MORE: 'BBC proving it's worth it!' Exec at broadcaster in astonishing boast "A change of ownership will give Channel 4 the tools and freedom to flourish and thrive as a public service broadcaster long into the future. "I will set out the future plan for Channel 4 in a White Paper in due course. "I will seek to reinvest the proceeds of the sale into levelling up the creative sector, putting money into independent production and creative skills in priority parts of the country - delivering a creative dividend for all." DON'T MISS‘Almost worth it’ Radio host exposes BBC TV licence loophole [VIDEO]TV licence: How to get a refund on the £159 BBC licence fee [ANALYSIS]Andrew Neil says BBC must scrap TV licence for new model [INSIGHT] The Government's plans to go ahead with privatising Channel 4 sparked a mixed reaction. GB News presenter Dan Wootton tweeted: "Woooooooo! Go Nadine. Channel 4 will finally FINALLY be sold. Not before time. "Now let’s see if their left-wing news service survives in the commercial market…" But Shadow Culture Secretary Lucy Powell criticised the plans, saying: "Nothing screams a rudderless Government like announcements on Channel 4 while people's energy bills are through the roof. "Selling off Channel 4, which doesn't cost the taxpayer a penny anyway, to what is likely to be a foreign company, is cultural vandalism." Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner added: "This is cultural vandalism from a government that’s run out of ideas, run out of road and has no interest in levelling up." The licence fee's existence is guaranteed until at least the end of the BBC's current Royal Charter in 2027. 