Daisy, a 12-and-a-half-year-old Staffordshire/English Bull Terrier cross, came into the RSPCA's care earlier this month when her owner's ill health meant they could no longer care for her. But she is struggling with life in a kennel at the Hillfield Animal Home in Stretton, Staffordshire, and the charity has launched a desperate appeal for adopters. Golden oldie Daisy turns 13 in September but is described as being affectionate and full of beans. Staff at the centre are devastated she is stuck in kennels during her twilight years without a home to call her own. Cyan Hulland, administrator at Hillfield Animal Home, said: “Daisy was loved and adored for a long time but her owner’s health issues had unfortunately left her in a position where she felt unable to care for her anymore. “We really want to get beautiful Daisy out of a kennel environment as soon as possible as she’s finding it really difficult and it’s very sad seeing a senior dog spending this point of their life in a rescue centre. “She’s just the sweetest character who lights up around people - all she wants to do is shower you with kisses and cuddles. "Apart from a dental check-up when she arrived, she’s in remarkably good health. READ MORE: Dog surprises RSPCA rescuers by giving birth to litter of 13 puppies "She’s definitely young at heart and doesn’t act like a dog who will be 13 in a few months' time. “Because she’s finding it tough in her kennel, she’s been spending some time helping us out behind reception where she rolls around the floor like a puppy. "She’s such an affectionate dog, and has clearly been very loved, and we know she will make a fantastic and rewarding companion for whoever welcomes her into their life.” DON'T MISSDog desperate for owner who understands 'quirks' after year in kennelsHeartbreak as rescue dog still waiting for home after 750 daysRescue dog who watched 7 siblings get new homes still waiting Daisy is looking for a home where she will be the only pet with an owner who will spend plenty of time with her. She can live with children who will give her time and space when she feels like a nap. Find out more about Daisy here.