BBC Breakfast weather presenter Carol Kirkwood, 59, has broken her silence after Dan Walker, 45, announced he is quitting the BBC and joining rival Channel 5. Dan has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2016 but will now appear as a lead anchor on 5 News. Dan announced the news on Monday by retweeting a video of himself to his 753,000 followers. He said he was "excited" about the new job, but admitted it had been a "massive decision". In the clip, a cheerful Dan said: “In the next few weeks, I'm going to be leaving BBC Breakfast and moving to 5 news and Channel 5. “Channel 5 came with big ambitions, with big plans, and I don't think opportunities like this come around very often and I can't wait." READ MORE:Sandra Bullock stuns as Channing Tatum gazes at actress It didn’t take long for Carol to respond to the unexpected news via her own Twitter account. Taken aback, Carol wrote: “Daaaaannnn … Congratulations! Wishing you every success. “But we will miss you.” Several of Carol’s 222,000 followers got in touch to express their sadness that Dan was leaving.   Jacqui lamented: “Sad news.” While John penned: “Dan, your loyal fanbase will miss you. You have been an early day inspiration to all my family. Every success in your new adventure and tell Sally I would love to sit alongside her and join in the morning banter.” Others thought this would be a good opportunity for Carol to take on a more key role on the morning show. Nigel pleaded: “Go on Carol! Put your name forward now as the anchor presenter for BBC Breakfast!” DON'T MISSKelvin Fletcher says it's 'safest' to bring new arrival to family home[LATEST]Chris Rock's brother hits out at Will Smith again over Oscars slap[INSIGHT]Zoe Ball forced to leave midway through Radio 2 show due to illness[NEWS] And Codemonkey echoed: “I would definitely like to see more of Carol on the sofa!” Dan’s co-presenter Sally Nugent also shared a heartfelt message to her colleague. She said: “We’re not just colleagues but we’re friends too. "Dan is simply brilliant to sit next to. I will miss him. Go and be fabulous." Dan emotionally replied: “You'll set me off. See you in the morning, partner." Dan joined BBC Breakfast six years ago as a replacement for Bill Turnbull. He shared the sofa with Louise Minchin until she left the show in 2021 and was replaced by Sally. Dan also presented the Saturday morning sports show Football Focus before handing the role over to Alex Scott last year.