Britain's Got Talent viewers were left amazed and "shaken" by one act's stellar performance which aired over the weekend. Judges Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon couldn’t keep their eyes off the act while Amanda Holden was called on stage to take part in the magic trick. Although nobody saw the person behind the eerie voice, intense looks from fans in the audience were shown as the invisible man wreaked havoc on stage. However, despite being a success with the judging panel, some viewers appeared to have “worked out” the secret behind the trick. Judge Amanda took centre stage as she was hypnotised by the unknown figure with only his voice being heard and viewers saw the ITV host following his instructions. One jumpy moment saw the balloon that she was made to hold randomly burst before the former This Morning presenter managed to work out what co-judge Alesha had in her hands. She had also been asked to pick an item out of the "lost property box" too, although only Amanda knew what she had selected, which she hid under a cloth as requested. However, much to the surprise of viewers at home, after she lifted the cloth it was revealed to everyone she had taken some keys out of the box at the start, which were recognised by co-judge David. READ MORE:Ukrainian millionaire orders home to be bombed as Russia moves in A video then appeared on the screen and showed an invisible person entering David’s dressing room, and stealing the keys from his table. However, eagle-eyed viewers believed they knew the secret behind the trick which left everybody else in awe. Some members of ITV’s audience believed the chalk that wrote on the board was attached by a magnet and shared their thoughts on social media. On Twitter, @AngiePTweet wrote: “Would have been more believable if the chalk left the board between letters #BritainsGotTalent.”  Another viewer, @WilliamatSmith shared: “If we see it back it looks like keys were written on the board before the phantom did it.” @_bexorcist claimed: “Well i did wonder when the phantom would tire of the opera #bgt but that was clearly staged with pre-recorded audience reactions because the writing on the chalk board was definitely vfx.” Others pointed out the chalk had appeared to move from where Amanda had originally left it. @jonnyblack2208 asked: “Are we just ignoring that the chalk started in the middle of the board and then was suddenly top left?… #BGT.”    @SgHaras fumed: “What a load of rubbish the chalk moved from the centre to the side of the board without making a mark. “And no way did she pull a big set of keys out #BGT.” Another mocked the security of the London Palladium after The Phantom had effortlessly entered David’s dressing room. @Kate_likes_quipped: “Bit of a security issue if someone took Davids's keys from his dressing room #BGT.” Meanwhile, other ‘fix’ claims began to circulate after Simon pressed his Golden Buzzer for comedian Axel Blake, who had already established his career as a stand up-star after having his very own Amazon Prime feature film. The comedian appeared on ITV’s Good Morning Britain on Monday to discuss keeping the Golden Buzzer decision under wraps since the first show was aired. At the start of their chat, host Adil Ray began: “You’ve been funny for a while now and doing a lot of funny stuff. “Tell us how your career has been so far. Where have you played?” Axel replied: “I’ve been doing it for a few years, so I’ve been doing a lot of small gigs around the UK and further places I don’t even know how to get to now.” He then added: “I’ve done some of the big gigs - I’ve done O2 Indigo - that’s a big one.” Britain’s Got Talent continues Saturday on ITV at 8pm