Barcelona had been compiling reports on Bruno Fernandes prior to his new Manchester United contract, it has been claimed. The Portugal international has been a substantial Old Trafford hit since arriving from Sporting Lisbon back in January 2020. And he’s now penned a new contract with the Red Devils that will see him be at the club until the summer of 2026. Manchester United had intended to recruit Erling Haaland nearly two-and-a-half years ago, having been impressed by the striker’s form for Red Bull Salzburg. However, despite Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ed Woodward both jetting out for talks with the Norway international, the club ended up missing out. United then proceeded to sign Fernandes from Sporting Lisbon, with the Portugal international since going on to become a huge hit. Even though he’s struggled this term, he’s still netted nine goals and 13 assists across all competitions - making him a vital asset for both Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick in the process. On Friday, it was announced the 27-year-old had signed a new contract that will see him stay with the club until 2026. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And The Athletic have claimed Fernandes was actually the subject of interest from Barcelona before he committed his future to the Red Devils. It’s said the La Liga giants have been ‘compiling reports’ on the playmaker at a time where United have been struggling. Yet, now, Barcelona are going to be forced to look elsewhere with the midfield maestro eager to stay at Old Trafford. That will be a relief for United, who have lost several of their best players to La Liga over the past two decades. That has normally involved Real Madrid, with the Spanish titans raiding United for David Beckham, Ruud van Nistelrooy and Cristiano Ronaldo in the past. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players Fernandes, after signing his new deal, admitted he was delighted at extending his stay with the club. “From the moment that I joined Manchester United, I have had a special relationship with the club and our amazing fans. I grew up watching this team, dreaming of getting the chance to play here one day,” he said. “That dream is now a reality and an honour. “Even after two years, it still feels amazing to step out at Old Trafford, to hear the fans sing my song and to score in front of the Stretford End. It is a true privilege to wear this shirt and to fight for our incredible club. “There is so much more that I want to achieve here, and I know that is the same for the rest of the squad and staff. More than anything, we want to give the fans the success that they deserve. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “We have shared some great moments over the last years, but the best is yet to come from myself and this team.” United chief John Murtough added: “Everyone is well aware of Bruno’s importance to Manchester United. “His goals and assists record is phenomenal and he has performed remarkably consistently since he joined the club. “Bruno’s work-rate, dedication and fantastic attitude are exactly what we want from a Manchester United player. “He is the ultimate professional with many fantastic attributes to drive the high standards required to play for this great club. “Bruno, like everyone across the football club, remains hugely ambitious and determined to deliver sustained success on the pitch to get us back to challenging for titles.” And Rangnick has since said: "I think that's very good news for the club, for the fans, the supporters also for Bruno to know he will be here for the next five years, I suppose. "There is no doubt he is a very important player for this club and this team. “That's great news, I already congratulated him yesterday after his return from the World Cup Qualifiers. “He played very well, scored the most important goals to qualify."