David (played by Takaya Honda) has been struggling with the guilt over the part he played in the death of Gareth Bateman (Jack Pearson) last month on Neighbours as he and Freya Wozniak (Phoebe Roberts) left the man to die after the crimes he committed at River Bend. At the moment, no one has any idea what the pair did as they've been covering their tracks very carefully, or so they thought. Someone has been blackmailing them in recent scenes on the Channel 5 soap but as they fail to identify the mysterious figure lurking in the shadows, they decide it's time for them to confess their sins. The drama continues in next week's episodes as the blackmailer demands money from David and Freya, who don't have the cash on hand. Needing some money and fast, Freya turns to her estranged brother Zane Wozniak (Oli Pizzey-Stratford), who is joining the cast in a guest capacity. Unsure about whether to give his sister the money or not, the newcomer is swayed when he hears Freya's emotional plea for help. It seems the nightmare could be over for the pair and Freya's relationship with her brother could be back on track, however, the problems don't stop there. Believing his stalker, Dean Covey (Travis Cotton) is the blackmailer, David decides to key his car in an act of revenge. READ MORE: 'They're nutters!' Petrol protesters slammed by Mike Parry However, David knows he has done the wrong thing when he confronts Dean again and his stalker has no idea what he is talking about. Knowing they have become paranoid and need to relieve themselves of their deadly secret, David and Freya both tell their boss Clive Gibbons (Geoff Paine) about what they did. It's not too long after this the pair are questioned by the police and Levi Canning (Ritchie Morris) is horrified to discover his love interest Freya has been lying to him. When they are grilled by the authorities over why they left Gareth to die, they are rattled to discover the identity of their blackmailer. Although they want justice for themselves for the torment they've been through, it seems it might be a case of too little too late. They are given great support by their loved ones for what they've been through but Levi can't budge over how he feels. He struggles to forgive Freya for keeping secrets from him again, making him realise there is very little trust between them. Although they are suffering from challenges in their private lives, David and Freya soon have to turn back to defend themselves. With the lawyers on hand, they are both advised to play on the fact they have suffered post-traumatic stress disorder since the events at River Bend. The legal teams tell them if they plead this way, there is a chance they could walk away from their situation as free people. DON'T MISS...Jason Donovan health: 'It's an illness' - star on his addiction [COMMENT]Natalie Imbruglia health: Masked Singer winner on her chronic disorder [COMMENT]Margot Robbie turned down plan to buy house in London after Brexit [ANALYSIS] Viewers will have to wait and see if this defence is enough to keep them out of prison or if they are going to be banged up behind bars for a long time. Although Freya could walk away free, given she was half hostage by Gareth, there might be little leniency for David by the courts. They could state although he knew it was Gareth who beat his husband Aaron Brennan (Matt Wilson) half to death, he should have acted in a professional manner. The judge would explain David should have put his personal feelings aside and treated Gareth like any other patient in the hospital. Because of this bias he had towards his husband's attacker, the judge could sentence David to life in prison on the charge of murder. Just like his brother, Robert Robinson (Adam Hunter), it would seem David is a killer as he had every intention of making Gareth suffer. Robert is currently serving a life sentence behind bars and it seems he is going to be joined by his younger brother. This would mean an exit for the beloved character as there would be no time for the doctor to redeem himself in the next few months. The last ever episode of Neighbours is set to air on Monday, August 1, 2022, so these scenes of David going to prison could be his final ones. Speaking about this new direction for his character, the actor who plays David, Tanaka, addressed what the future looks like for his alter-ego. The soap star told Inside Soap: "I don't think anyone would predict what is coming. The audience, like David, are going to be really challenged by what unfolds. In another interview with What To Watch, he said: "I’ve always wanted this Breaking Bad style storyline. "What circumstances might lead to David making choices that bring him closer in line with his lineage of being Paul Robinson’s son? "He’s always looked at Paul and Leo and thought, ‘I don’t understand why you guys do this, just do the right thing!’ It’s something that he’s repeated in so many different scenarios. "It will definitely offer up the question of who is David really and is the David we’ve known all along what actually lies beneath the surface.” Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 5:30pm on Channel 5.