Russian forces were left humiliated today after a Ukrainian troop carrier took on a "more powerful" Russian T-72 tank and won. The moment, which took place in Donetsk, was captured with incredible aerial drone footage and shared on social media. The setback is the latest military humiliation for Russia which has increasingly turned its attention to seizing the Donbas region in the east of Ukraine. The video also suggests that Russia will face fierce resistance in its new, more limited aim of pushing forces eastward. Russia intends to forge a strategic corridor between Crimea and its own territory via the Donbas. The drone footage shows the moment the infantry transport BTR-4 took aim with its 30mm cannon. The immense Russian battle tank was destroyed despite having cannons more than four times the size of the Ukrainian BTR-4. JUST IN: Frexit calls surge as Le Pen attacks Germany The tank bursts into flames by the end of the video after being pounded by multiple Ukrainian rounds While Russia continues to have heavier and strong military equipment, it is understood that Ukrainian BTR-4s have wiped out at least four Russian tanks so far. Last year, analysts on 19fortyfive, which is led by US national security experts, called the Russian T-72 tank the "backbone of Russia's army". Social media account Visegrád 24, which has documented the war, tweeted the video, adding: "It shouldn’t be possible but it’s not the first time we see it during this war. "The Ukrainians are fearless and extremely skilled soldiers." The loss of the tank comes after Russian President Vladimir Putin suffered his most symbolic defeat of the war so far - the loss of his Black Sea fleet flagship, the Moskva. The sinking of the Moskva is the biggest loss of a warship in combat since Britain sank the Belgrano during the Falklands War in 1982. The boat’s ammunition deck exploded after it was hit by two Neptune anti-ship missiles, according to the government in Kyiv. However, Russia insists the ship went down after a fire on board. US defence sources have since backed Kyiv's version of events, with a senior Pentagon official describing the incident as a "big blow" for Moscow. DON'T MISS: Former supporter turns on Harry and Meghan after UK visit [REACTION]Future of Invictus Games in doubt following Harry's royal 'mistake' [VIDEO]Ukraine LIVE: Putin's World War 3 threat torpedoed [LIVE BLOG] The captain of the Russian warship, Anton Kuprin, was among those killed in the attack. The mayor of the port city of Odesa Gennadiy Trukhanov told the BBC the Moskva had been one of the biggest threats to his cities. Odesa has been preparing for a full-scale invasion by Russia’s navy positioned offshore. Following the sinking, Ukraine has said it is bracing itself for revenge attacks from Russia.