Former EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 56, married Yassine el Jamouni, 35, back in 2011 and since then the actress has been heavily criticised over their age gap, with some even claiming he is after her money. In a recent interview Cheryl has compared her relationship to Mick Jagger and his younger bride, while insisting her husband is not a "gold digger". Cheryl's shop assistant husband Yassine is rarely seen in public but has attended events with her at the start of their relationship. Speaking in a new interview, Cheryl hit out at criticism claiming those who disagree with her relationship are sexist. This is due to an age gap being seen as "quite cool" for Mick Jagger, 78, who is married to Melanie Hamrick, 35. She said: "The world has become so cynical. People think it's got to be a con, it's got to be a problem. But I say, 'It hasn't got to be anything. Just stop it!' READ MORE: Rod Stewart, 77, dotes on wife Penny Lancaster, 51, in loved-up snap "It seems to be quite cool for the men, like Mick Jagger, to date younger. "And it seems okay for them to have someone else two years later. "Well we don't care. It really is absolutely water off a duck's back to us now. She added to The Mirror that she simply pities the trolls who feel the need to criticise her life. Cheryl has been married twice, firstly to Jamshed Saddiqi, however they divorced in 2008. The Heather Trott actress met her second husband, Yassine, online in 2010. Very soon after, she jetted out to his hometown in Morocco and they got married the following June. Cheryl spoke to Loose Women back in 2017 about her relationship with Yassine and people's preconceptions. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan fires back as Laurence Fox brands him ‘chubby slug’ [OPINION] Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash [GMB] Amanda Holden flashes legs as she bounces on ball in risqué dress [INSTAGRAM] She said: "We met online and wrote to one another on the computer and spoke on the computer. It was very old-fashioned. "He didn't know what I did for a living. I didn't show him my picture. It was five months of chatting before we met each other. "I saw him and it was like 'ping'. I knew he was the man I was going to marry and I had been married once before." Cheryl then made sure to address the huge 21-year age gap and how famous men can date someone much younger and "no one blinks". She said: "Thank goodness we're not all the same. I think do whatever you are comfortable with." The couple currently live near the beach in Lancashire town, Lytham St Anne's. They take regular trips back to Agadir to visit Yassine's parents. Cheryl is currently starring in Catherine Tate's new show, Hard Cell, which is available to stream on Netflix.