More details concerning Prince Charles and Camilla’s upcoming trip to Canada were announced on Tuesday (April 26). The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall are set to visit from May 17-19th in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The royal couple will travel more than 2,000 miles across the world’s second-largest country from the easternmost province, Newfoundland and Labrador, to the Northwest Territories, in Northern Canada. The tour will mark Charles’ 19th visit to the country, having visited all ten provinces and three territories in the past, and will be Camilla’s fifth official visit; the Duchess’ first tour of Canada was more than a decade ago. Camilla has become an integral member of the Royal Family since her marriage to Charles 17 years ago. Many have claimed that the Duchess has changed the prince, and one expert has suggested that Camilla’s “family first” motto has rubbed off on Charles. Writing for Vanity Fair last week, Katie Nicholl, claimed that Camilla’s influence has made Charles “closer than ever to his mother”. JUST IN: Queen's Platinum Jubilee has been 'tarnished' by monarch's 'puzzling attachment' to Andrew She wrote: “Her [Camilla] family is her nucleus — she is extremely close to her son, Tom, daughter, Laura, and five grandchildren. “She remains on good terms with her ex-husband, Andrew Parker Bowles, and counts her sister, Annabel, as her best friend.” Ms Nicholl continued: “Her “family first” motto has rubbed off on Charles, who speaks to Prince William almost every day on the phone and is closer than ever to his mother.” Both Charles and William have taken on more responsibilities within the Firm since the Queen’s decision to take a step back amid health concerns. One royal expert has claimed that the Queen and the Prince of Wales are in a “dual monarchy”, and have been since the monarch gave up international travel in 2016. Robert Jobson, author of ‘William At 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch‘ told an episode of the Royally Us podcast earlier this month that Charles had been stepping up for “some time”. He said: “The Prince of Wales has been doing it for some time. "The Queen really hasn't had any international travel for many, many years now since 2016. DON'T MISS: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan accused of 'disliking England' [LIVE] Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? ]VOTE] Kate and Prince William's body language analysed [ANALYSIS] "I think that there's been a dual monarchy since then although it's not been said. "Prince William has certainly been stepping up to the plate alongside Catherine and the Duchess of Cornwall. "All the members of the Royal Family have had to do that to support the Queen but also in light of the death of the Duke of Edinburgh." Camilla’s role as a working royal and dedication to service was endorsed by Her Majesty earlier this year. In her Accession Day statement in February, the Queen declared her “sincere wish” for the Duchess of Cornwall to be named Queen Consort once Charles ascends the throne. The statement read in part: “This anniversary also affords me a time to reflect on the goodwill shown to me by people of all nationalities, faiths and ages in this country and around the world over these years. “I would like to express my thanks to you all for your support.  I remain eternally grateful for, and humbled by, the loyalty and affection that you continue to give me. “And when, in the fullness of time, my son Charles becomes King, I know you will give him and his wife Camilla the same support that you have given me; and it is my sincere wish that, when that time comes, Camilla will be known as Queen Consort as she continues her own loyal service.” In an interview with BBC Woman’s Hour presenter Emma Barnett, the Duchess said it will be a “great honour” to become Queen Consort. She also committed to continuing her work with victims of domestic violence, which she intends to do “for a lifetime”. Camilla said: “Of course it’s a great honour (becoming Queen Consort), it couldn’t be anything else. But it does help it. “I’m going to keep up with these causes. You know if I start something like this, I’m not going to give up mid-channel, I’m just going to keep going to try and help the likes of people like Diana...I hope I should be doing it for a lifetime.”