Prince Charles's reign will unlikely look like the one of the Queen, royal commentator Brian Hoey said, as he outlined the possible changes to take place after the Prince of Wales accedes to the throne. He told Express.co.uk: "We are not going to have the same sort of monarchy the next time around as we have had for the past 70 years." Speaking about the future reign of Prince Charles, he continued: "I think we will have a slimmed down working Royal Family. "It will be the King and Queen, Prince Charles's eldest son and Catherine - who will become the Prince and Princess of Wales eventually. "And I think Princess Anne, even though now she is over 70 years old, will continue to play an increasingly important working role in the Royal Family. "I think Edward and Sophie are also perhaps going to be included to take on an even greater share of royal duties at the moment. I think they will." However, other members of the Firm who are currently performing royal duties may no longer carry on with their role during the next reign, Mr Hoey said. He continued: "It will be tight. "I wonder whether Prince Charles will maybe distance the semi-detached members of the Royal Family - the Kents, the Gloucesters - whether he will distance them from the centrefold of the Royal Family." Rumours Prince Charles is planning to streamline the Firm have been circulating for several years. READ MORE: Body language signs Princess Eugenie is not ‘Team Cambridge’ However, the Prince of Wales has never publicly voiced or addressed a similar plan. Prince Charles is believed to have shown a glimpse of his desire to cut down the number of working members of the Firm in 2012, during the final celebrations of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. On a famous appearance on the iconic balcony of Buckingham Palace, the Queen was accompanied only by her son Prince Charles, his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, and the two heirs of the Prince of Wales - Harry and William. DON'T MISS   The Duke of Cambridge was also in the company of his wife Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, as the future Princess of Wales and, in time, Queen Consort. No other royals were on the balcony, providing a clear vision of the direct line of succession to the throne and what at the time was the core of the family. Prince Harry is unlikely to be included in any plan by Prince Charles regarding his future reign as the Duke of Sussexes and his wife Meghan stepped down as working royals at the end of March 2020. While, also due to their advancing age, the Duke of Kent, Princess Alexandra and the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester may not be part of the next reign as working royals, they are very much active members of the Firm right now. The Gloucesters in particular still have their royal diary filled with engagements. On Tuesday, after they attended the service of thanksgiving for the Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Richard and Birgitte represented the Crown during the Anglo-Netherlands Society Centenary Reception. Held at Kensington Palace State Apartments, this reception was also attended by the former monarch of The Netherlands, Princess Beatrix. In 2013, the former sovereign abdicated in favour of her firstborn King Willem-Alexander. The Duke of Kent and his sister Princess Alexandra continue to carry out engagements. However, as they are both aged over 80, they are slowly but surely handing over some of their duties to younger generations. Last July, the Duke announced he was stepping down as the president of the All England Lawn Tennis & Croquet Club - a role he retained for decades. Similarly, Princess Alexandra passed on the patronage of Guide Dogs to Sophie, Countess of Wessex, last summer.