Stacey Solomon, 33, enjoyed a day of trying on wedding dresses at home on Monday in preparation for her upcoming nuptials to long-term boyfriend Joe Swash. However, she, unfortunately, did not notice the former EastEnders actor had sneakily come home early to “drop off” his washing. Rejoicing that Joe had returned home yesterday after a week away, Stacey was desperate to grill him on his “fun fact” of the day which turned out to be a rather shocking discovery. While the couple relaxed in bed together, the cleaning influencer said: “The moment I’ve been waiting for, fun fact of the day.” However, Joe, who was weary from his travels, did not seem in the mood to play along. He replied: "Come on, it’s too late to do fun facts, I’m going to bed now.” READ MORE: Helen Skelton's husband in cryptic message just days before split Stacey continued: “You’ve been away all week, you must have loads of fun facts.” Joe answered: “I’ll tell you a fun fact, I actually came home yesterday to drop off my washing and you were trying dresses on and you didn’t even know I had come home.” Stacey’s face dropped as she stated in shock: “No, you didn’t!” Joe, trying to hide his amusement, chuckled: “I did.” Stacey questioned: "You didn’t fancy texting me or ringing me saying, ‘I’m home’.” After the awkward conversation, Stacey shared how she would be getting Joe back for his faux pas. Sharing a photo of a cup of tea with a Daim chocolate bar, she typed in reference to her baby daughter Rose: “Here’s my fun fact for the night. Joe’s taking over night feeds for the foreseeable future.” However, fans were still concerned over whether Joe had seen Stacey’s bridal dress, which is traditionally thought to be bad luck. DONT MISS:Alex Beresford fires back at Donald Trump for branding him 'a stiff' (PHOTOS)Dustin Johnson's bride Paulina Gretzky stuns in very busty gown (NEWS)Lorraine Kelly's brutal jibe at ex co-star Piers Morgan (LATEST) One wrote: “Omg I hope he didn’t see any dresses.” Stacey reassured them: “Don’t worry he just said he popped back for some bits. But then he was quickly back to work. So he saw nothing.” TV personality Stacey Solomon has chosen the wedding dress she will wear from a luxury bridal store in Magherafelt, Ireland. It’s after the team from Verona Bridal went on a trip to Essex to help the celebrity bride choose her dream dress. Verona Bridal NI posted a photo of the Loose Women star to its Instagram account on Monday night, writing: “So today we went on a VB road trip to Pickle Cottage, to help one of the most beautiful, kindest, authentic brides we’ve met! "Stacey invited us to her chocolate box cottage in the Essex countryside to bring her favourite Verona Bridal dresses so she could choose ‘the one’ in the comfort of her own home. "We had so much fun and felt like besties from the moment she & beautiful baby Rose welcomed us at the front door. She literally is the warmest, sweetest soul you could meet, it’s no doubt the reason the nation loves her in every show she is on. "It was a true privilege and the most fun day ever and such a joy to hear her say ‘yes’ to her Verona Bridal dress.”(sic)