Manchester City chiefs believe a deal to sign Erling Haaland is 'done', according to reports from Spain. Haaland's release clause of around £63million (€75m) is set to become active this summer and City are leading the way for his signature. Real Madrid are also interested in the Norway sensation but it appears they will not have the financial capability to pull off the deal. Marca journalist Mario Cortegana has given an update on the future of Haaland. Haaland would be happy to join Real but Karim Benzema's form as well as the commission for a transfer has put a stop to a move for now. Benzema scored his 42nd goal of the season on Saturday as Real beat Espanyol 4-0 to clinch the La Liga title. Cortegana says City's transfer team are preparing for Haaland's arrival as they believe a deal has been sealed. He claims the only way Haaland will not become a City player is if Real make a late move and show they can afford to sign him. READ MORE: Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson slammed 'one of the worst' as part of his game called out  Speaking on the Three Amigos Podcast, relayed by Bernabeu Digital, Cortegana said: “There are people from Manchester City preparing everything they have to arrange for the process to go ahead. Manchester City [are so confident the deal is done that they] take the signing of Haalad for granted. “Everything is being prepared to get it done now. ‘Haaland is a done deal’, is the message from Manchester City. “The only possibility I would see of Haaland not going to City is if there was a last-ditch move by Real Madrid." Haaland scored a hat-trick for Dortmund in their Bundesliga clash against VFL Bochum on Saturday. However, his team's defensive weaknesses were shown again as Bochum struck late twice to win 4-3 at Signal Iduna Park. DON'T MISSBarcelona ‘interested in two Man Utd players’ as Frenkie de Jong talks could begin in days [RUMOUR]Gary Neville explains why Ralf Rangnick can't continue at Man Utd after taking Austria job [QUOTES]Manchester United ‘make first transfer bid’ for Benfica star Darwin Nunez [REPORT]  City boss Pep Guardiola was asked about his club's reported interest in Haaland in mid-April. However, he refused to comment on speculation the Etihad club had agreed a £500,000-a-week deal with the striker. Guardiola said: "I don't have the concern or this business in my head right now to think about what is going to happen in this club next season. I don't know what is going to happen in the future. "It's next season, so I'm not going to talk. You know I've been coming here for a long time, for many years and I've never talked about transfer windows, especially when we are playing for incredible things still this season." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 