Drug induced liver injury (DILI) is a common cause of acute liver injury. Paracetamol was first developed in 1878 from phenacetin and became widespread in the 1950s as an over-the-counter antipyretic and analgesic. Since that time, there have been numerous studies connecting paracetamol ingestion with liver injury. Outcomes of paracetamol overdose have been reported from numerous countries. A study from Australia reported over 440 deaths from paracetamol in combination with codeine from accidental overdose, with roughly 25 percent of these cases also involving other sedating medications, such as antihistamines. The National Poisons Information Service (NPIS) in the UK defines different types of paracetamol overdose as follows: Acute overdose: excessive amounts of paracetamol ingested over a period of less than one hour; usually in the context of self-harm. Staggered overdose: excessive amounts of paracetamol ingested over longer than one hour; usually in the context of self-harm. Untreated paracetamol poisoning may cause varying degrees of liver injury over the two to four days following ingestion, including fulminant hepatic failure. Fulminant hepatic failure (FHF) or acute liver failure (ALF) is defined as the rapid development of acute liver injury with severe impairment of the synthetic function. Fulminant hepatitis is most often caused by an overdose of acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol. This painkiller is found in many over-the-counter and prescription medicines. This sudden liver failure can happen in people who previously had stable liver disease or never had liver problems. Signs and symptoms of acute liver failure may include: In a study published in the National Library of Health, liver injury induced by paracetamol was further investigated. “Hepatotoxicity from paracetamol overdose, whether intentional or non-intentional, is the most common cause of drug induced liver injury and remains a global issue,” began the study. It continued: “Given the increased prevalence of combination medications in the form of pain relievers and antihistamines, paracetamol can be difficult to identify and remains a significant cause of acute hepatotoxicity, as evidenced by its contribution to over half of all acute liver failure cases. “Given the increased prevalence of combination medications in the form of pain relievers and antihistamines, paracetamol can be difficult to identify and remains a significant cause of acute hepatotoxicity, as evidenced by its contribution to over half of all acute liver failure cases.” The study continued to raise concerns regarding toxicity from paracetamol which has recently become more challenging to rapidly identify given the increased use of combination medications, such as over-the-counter cold medicine or prescription pain relievers, that also contain paracetamol. In addition, toxic ingestions with these medications or in combination with alcohol may have a delayed presentation of hepatotoxicity. It concluded: “Paracetamol toxicity, albeit accidental or intentional overdose, is an ongoing global problem that continues to result in cases of hepatotoxicity, acute liver failure, and even irreversible liver injury necessitating liver transplantation.” The NHS advises: "The usual dose for adults is one or two 500mg tablets up to four times in 24 hours. Always leave at least four hours between doses."