Following an emotional opening ceremony in which the pair were in Europe for the first time in two years, the second day saw the Royal couple meeting British competitors. Heartwarming photos show the couple hugging a Union-Jack clad athlete with open arms. The games, launched in 2014 are designed to bring together veterans injured in conflict. Prince Harry is due to spend the whole week in Den Haag with the games, whilst Meghan is expected to fly back to California to rejoin their children. The games have relaunched for the first time since 2019, the first since the outbreak of COVID-19. Day Two of the event will see athletes competing in athletics, archery, sitting volleyball and nevobo. The games will run until April 22 During the week, swimming, wheelchair rugby, bouldering, and rowing will all feature at the games. A host of demonstrations will also be shown, including e-sports, meeting the Marines and dog training. READ MORE:Prince Harry's mother Diana admitted 'Easter always difficult time' The Royal couple has stopped off to visit Queen Elizabeth II prior to their arrival in Holland. Prince Harry has raised concerns about his secuirty in Britain since leaving to live in the US. Security was also a key concept in the Netherlands as the pair have been escorted by 5 security guards to match their VVIP status given to them by the Dutch. Two of the guards appear to be Dutch Royal Protection squad officers. DON'T MISS:Charlotte steals the show on Easter Sunday arrival [ROYAL]Michael Gove prepared to issue cladding blacklisting [REVEAL]Woman horrified to find car smeared with rotten veg [REPORT] The games have been overshadowed by the ongoing crisis in Ukraine. Dutch PM Mark Rutte used his speech at the opening ceremony to remember those currently fighting Russian occupation in Ukraine. The sentiment was reflected by the Duchess who said: "For each team, my husband and I both recognise it’s been a lot to get here, both physically and emotionally. Prince Harry also paid tribute to the “bravery” of team Ukraine. He said: “Your bravery in choosing to come, and for being here tonight, cannot be overstated. “You told me yesterday when you decided to join us despite all odds, you said you came to be on this global stage, not simply to show your strength, but to tell your truth, the truth, of what is happening in your country. “You know we stand with you. "The world is united with you and still you deserve more. "And my hope is that these events, this event, creates the opportunity in how we as a global community can better show up for you.” 