Van driver Simon discussed the dangers of the disruption climate change activists from groups like Extinction Rebellion and Just Stop Oil were causing in the UK, with Radio host Nicky Campbell and Protester Al. Both controversial activist groups have close ties and have been known to use the same dangerous tactics to draw attention to their cause. Simon labelled the group's rebel-rousing and pseudo postering revolutionaries, whilst activist Al defended his reasoning for causing so much trouble on UK roads. Al proclaimed that protesters did not want to be causing havoc, but insisted it was the only way they were heard by the Government to stop investing in new fossil fuels.   Simon told BBC Radio 5 Live: "I am intelligent enough and truthfully intellectually honest enough, to say that sitting on the M25 and causing traffic chaos, and tying bands around my neck and sticking me on a football pitch, isn't really contributing to the argument in a positive way. "All its doing is disrupting my life and I will become more and more aggressive and negative towards you, the more you do it. "What would be better, I hate to say because he's probably gone now, do what Howard said not dismiss... Quote, try and not get all polarised but try and do something more intelligent with your time and energy. "If you really want to move the argument forward, but the minute you look like a rebel-rousing group of  pseudo postering revolutionaries and I've not got the time for that fantasy." JUST IN: Brexit ‘silver lining’ for businesses as huge move making UK ‘more resilient’ to shocks Mr Campbell said: "Let me give Al the last word here, really interesting before we break for the news weather and sport, Al?" Al added: "Yeah I take all those points." Mr Campbell said: "Simon makes some fair points." The anti-fossil fuels activist added: "Absolutely fair points and none of us want to be doing this, you know this is the thing. "None of us want to be putting our liberties, our bodies on the line, this is the exact last thing any of us want to do. "We don't want to e inconveniencing ordinary people either, but the only way to get this story into the media and have these sort of discussions is to these sort of actions. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak refuses to resign as inquiry is launched into ‘damaging’ financial affairs    He added: "The only reason we're talking about this right now, is because of the actions we've taken." Mr Campbell said: "But it's like those geezers that jumped on top of a tube train, you know, hugely counterproductive. Al said: "Yeah I don't agree with that either, we're all individuals and we're just desperate people, trying to do something. "To wake our Governments to do the right thing, and that's to stop investing in new fossil fuels."  DON’T MISS: Le Pen joins Macron in next round despite Eurosceptic Melenchon 'breathing down her neck'Elon Musk will not join Twitter board despite being company’s biggest shareholder'Fitting for each of them!' Biden blasted after Boris visits Kyiv to meet Zelensky A statement from activist organisation Just Stop Oil uttered a similar sentiment as protester Al. Just Stop Oil statement reads: "At this critical moment, we find ourselves, as others have through history, having to do what is unpopular, to break the law to prevent a much greater harm taking place. "No one wants to be doing this, right now millions of people are being plunged into poverty by eye-watering energy bills, the profits from which are being used to fund wars in Ukraine and Yemen. "The Government can end the queues and closures at petrol station forecourts immediately, ahead of the Easter holidays, by committing to halt all new oil licenses and consents. "Ministers have a choice: they can arrest and imprison Just Stop Oil supporters or agree to no new oil and gas. While Just Stop Oil supporters have their liberty the disruption will continue. Now is the moment to come and meet with the coalition." 