Antonio Conte has insisted that Tottenham will find it 'very difficult' to break into the Premier League's top four ahead of Arsenal and Manchester United between now and the end of the season. The north Londoners still have an outside chance of qualifying for next season's Champions League but currently sit three points adrift of fourth-placed Arsenal with just nine matches left to play. "If you had asked me about our possiblity to reach a place in the Champions League, I would say very, very difficult," Conte told reporters at Friday's press conference. "Now I think we have to try to fight until the end to have the possibility to reach this target. "I think to play in the Champions League next season is important for me, important for the players and the fans. To play in the Champions League is completely different to the Europa League and Conference League, it's a different target for the club because you can plan for important things." It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will be able to book their place in next season's tournament by sneaking into the Premier League's top four over the coming weeks. They will be looking to claim a much-needed three points in their next outing against Newcastle United on Sunday in order to boost their hopes of sealing Champions League qualification for the first time since 2019. JUST IN: Chelsea ace Romelu Lukaku ‘wants to return to Inter Milan on loan' Conte went on to deliver a positive update when quizzed on Oliver Skipp and Ryan Sessegnon but conceded that neither player will be fit to face Newcastle this weekend. The former has not featured for Tottenham since January after picking up a groin issue, while the latter was hurt in last month's win over Everton and has been sidelined for around four weeks. "Good news for Skippy and Ryan Sessegnon, they are very, very close to being back with the team," added Conte. "They are improving a lot. They are having important training sessions, not with the team but apart. I hope next week to have both players back with the team." The Tottenham boss also hinted that Steven Bergwijn and Joe Rodon could be in line to feature against Newcastle in some capacity after both players impressed for their countries during the recent international break. "When our players go to national teams, my staff and I try to watch every game," he said. "This session of the national team, we have to be pleased. To see the performance of Joe and also Steven Bergwijn, it means maybe we're doing a good job with them. Joe is not playing many games with us but despite this he was fit, Joe is a good player but a really, really great man." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here