It is thought that travelling from Buckingham Palace to Horse Guards Parade in the 4x4 could be more comfortable for the monarch, given her ongoing mobility issues. The 96-year-old would receive a full Sovereign’s Escort of Household Cavalry.  It is one of several “plan Bs” being considered by officials following months of concern about Her Majesty’s health. According to the Telegraph, palace sources have indicated that the Queen’s attendance at June’s Platinum Jubilee events would only be confirmed on the day. On Monday night, Buckingham Palace distanced itself from reports that the monarch would not appear on a dais to inspect the troops. It follows claims that the Queen would instead watch her official birthday parade from the Major-General’s Office, also known as “Wellington’s office”, which overlooks the parade ground. READ MORE:Piers Morgan in new swipe at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry  One royal insider pointed out that the Queen had sat on a dais for last year’s ceremony and claimed that nothing had been decided. They said: “I cannot imagine in 100 years that if attending, Her Majesty wouldn’t be seated on a dais in Horse Guards Parade. “All the plans are fluid at the moment and nothing has been finalised.” It is believed that the Household Cavalry had been briefed about the potential options given the Queen’s ongoing health concerns. DON'T MISS:  Prince Harry snubbed: William invited to see Queen Mother alone [REVEAL] Royal Family 'crimes' blasted as Sophie and Edward under pressure [INSIGHT] Kate dazzles as she joins Prince William at Anzac Day service  [SPOTLIGHT]  The monarch has been forced to pull out of a number of engagements after straining her back at the Remembrance Service at the Cenotaph last November. The “Range Rover plan” would see four mounted divisions escort the Queen’s car up the Mall to the event on June 2, while other members of the Royal Family would continue the tradition of travelling by carriage. As the “Royal Colonels”, the Prince of Wales, Duke of Cambridge and Princess Royal are expected to participate in the ceremony on horseback. A royal source told the Telegraph that the Range Rover plan was not “unprecedented” and would be for the “speed and comfort” of Her Majesty. They said: “The Range Rover plan is a departure but it is not unprecedented for the Queen to have an escort of mounted troops when she is travelling by car. "It has happened in the past on foreign visits. “The reason for the change is both speed and comfort. It is no longer comfortable for the Queen to travel by carriage or to be standing on a dais for an extended period. “After the Derby, of all things she’s doing over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, she’s most looking forward to this. “The Queen always takes a close personal interest in the parade, which is essentially her guards’ birthday present to her, and this year will be no different. "HM has been known to be able to spot an upside-down button at 100 paces in the past.” The Queen’s aides have spent weeks finalising the potential plans with HQ London District, which is the army base responsible for all ceremonial events in London. It is believed that the Duke of Cambridge will be taking the lead in reviewing Trooping the Colour in a formal inspection a week before the official parade. 