Good Friday sees Christians around the world gather to pay their respects to Jesus Christ, who they believe gave his life for their sins. According to the Gospels, Jesus told his disciples to expect his death during what is known as the Last Supper, on the evening before Good Friday. He urged them to eat bread, which he called his body, and drink wine, which he called his blood, referring to the crucifixion he was about to suffer. He told his 12 followers that one of them would betray him, and soon, Judas Iscariot helped the Roman soldiers find Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane. The next day, Jesus carried his cross to the site of execution, where he was crucified alongside two criminals. Yet, according to a bizarre story in Japan, something quite different happened. Kiyomaro Takeuchi, a Japanese man from Shingo village in the very north of the country, claimed he had found 1,900-year-old texts which showed Jesus lived out the rest of his life there. READ MORE: Jerusalem archaeologists found 2,000-year-old remains linked to Jesus The text, Mr Takeuchi claimed, documents the ‘Lost Years’ of the Bible — the 12-year period where there is no mention of Christ’s life between the ages of 17 and 29. The text reportedly claims Jesus travelled to Japan to study theology, before returning to Jerusalem. Yet, when sentenced to death, he is reported to have fled the holy city. His brother, supposedly called Isukiri, took his place on the cross. The text was held at a museum in Tokyo, but was destroyed during a World War 2 bombing campaign. Copies of the original were made and remain on display inside a small museum in Shingo. Quite remarkably, they claim Jesus lived as a rice farmer until he reached 106. A so-called ‘Tomb of Christ’ lies near the museum — a small mound with a crucifix, allegedly where Christ was finally buried. DON'T MISS:Egypt explorer stunned by 'treasure trove' of early Biblical texts [INSIGHT]Christianity breakthrough as Christ's Holy Grail disappearance solved [REVEALED]Archaeology discovery 'confirms complete chapter' from Bible [DISCOVERY] A nearby description says: “When Jesus Christ was 21 years old, he came to Japan and pursued knowledge of divinity for 12 years. “He went back to Judea at age 33 and engaged in his mission. “However, at that time, people in Judea would not accept Christ's preaching. “Instead, they arrested him and tried to crucify him on a cross. “His younger brother, Isukiri casually took Christ's place and ended his life on the cross.” It continues: “He settled right here in what is now called Herai Village, and died at the age of 106. “On this holy ground, there is a burial mound on the right to deify Christ, and a grave on the left to deify Isukiri.” Jesus, the text claims, changed his name to Torai Tora Daitenku and married a woman named Miyujo, with whom he had three daughters. When Christ died in Japan, his body was apparently lext exposed on a hilltop for four years. His remains were then bundled and buried in a grave, where the timber cross now lies. Few people seem to believe the claims at face value, and the destruction of the texts makes any verification impossible. Perhaps even more curiously, Jesus lived during Japan’s Yayoi period, when Japan had no written language. The documents are widely considered to be a hoax, with some theorising that the legend of Jesus heading to Japan originated from 17th Century Jesuit missionaries. For those who believe the traditional Biblical story, Christ was put on a cross to die, and his body placed into a tomb covered by a large stone. Women went to the tomb on Easter Sunday to pray, but found the tomb open and an angel there telling them Christ was alive. More and more people saw him alive, and he showed his disciples his wounds, before ascending up to Heaven to be with God.