The French leader will face Marine Le Pen in the second round of the presidential election on Sunday. It is the second time Mr Macron will have to convince voters to dismiss Ms Le Pen's electoral pledges after he won the top job in French politics in 2017. But this time, the far-right leader is getting a lot closer in the polls, thanks to her focus on the domestic agenda. Author of "Macron Unveiled, The prototype for a new generation of world leaders", Alain Lefebvre, claimed Marine Le Pen is seen as the candidate for "purchasing power" in France, as voters get ready to head to the polls on Sunday. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said that Mr Macron is instead concentrating perhaps too much on international matters. The French author said: "Because Macron is dealing with international problems, he seems to French people that he's only interested in international issues. "We have a problem with inflation, incomes for French people are going down compared to the price of things. "And this is probably the main problem for French people. "And this is what Marine Le Pen does. She chose it six, eight months ago as the main topic of her campaign. "Macron is the President of international affairs and Marine Le Pen is the candidate for purchasing power." READ MORE: Putin told losing war to have 'devastating' outcome for him  Pre-election polls are favouring Mr Macron over Ms Le Pen this Sunday, but the far-right leader has never been so close to the presidential seat. French Prime Minister Jean Castex said on Tuesday that Mr Macron was not guaranteed to win the April 24 runoff. "The game is not done and dusted," Mr Castex told France inter radio. "One puts Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen on the same level. But there are key differences." President Macron and Ms Le Pen are seeking to attract voters who backed far-left leader Jean Luc Melenchon, after he came third in the first round on April 10 with about 22 percent of the vote. DON'T MISS:Ukraine begins counterattacks to protect Eastern flank [INSIGHT]Putin war plans in tatters as arms production grinds to a halt [VIDEO]Brexit: Fishing row erupts as Falklands hammered by tariffs [ANALYSIS] Mr Melenchon's party has given no voting instructions for the runoff after its internal consultations showed most people would abstain or submit a blank vote on April 24, adding to uncertainty over the outcome. Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told Europe 1 radio that Le Pen would "hand France's sovereignty to Vladimir Putin and to Russia" if she was elected, after she previously voiced admiration for the Russian president. "I heard Marine Le Pen's international policy proposals. This is the end of French sovereignty," he said, adding that her victory would lead to an alliance with Putin, a lack of NATO protection and cutting ties with Germany.