Neil Robertson has compared his elimination from the World Snooker Championship to Pep Guardiola and Premier League champions Manchester City falling short in the Champions League. Robertson wrote himself into Crucible history on Monday evening after securing just the 12th 147 break at the historic venue. Despite the maximum, the Australian star’s stay in Sheffield was cut short, after he was defeated by Jack Lisowski 13-12 in a 25-frame thriller. His loss continued his underwhelming run at snooker’s flagship event, having reached just one semi-final since his victory back in 2010. Robertson no doubt came into this year’s event as a strong favourite, however found himself on the end of a shock reverse to his last-16 opponent on Monday. Following his elimination, the 2010 world champion compared his recent struggles at the event to that of Manchester City falling short in their hunt for an elusive Champions League title. Defending his record, the Aussie star said: “Look, if I only win it once, you look at my record, how could I possibly complain about my career? When you look at so many players struggling just to stay on the tour. DON'T MISS: Yan Bingtao breaks 'unwritten rule' in World Snooker Championship - 'You don't do that' “A bit like the situation where Pep Guardiola keeps getting asked how come he’s not won the Champions League with [Manchester] City. I’ve had an unbelievable career, achieved everything that I never could have dreamed of 100 times over, so it’s not an issue for me coming here.” Robertson also commented that he was more than pleased with his performance against Lisowski, in spite of his loss, confirming he has ‘no problem losing’. He said: “If I had fears coming here I would have played awful in the match. It was an unbelievable match, so when you look at it like that it’s no problem losing. DON'T MISS: Neil Robertson confessed what scared him more than snooker “It’s just when you lose when the matches aren’t on your terms. That’s probably the first time I’ve lost to what you would call an out-and-out attacking player since I lost to Ronnie [O’Sullivan] in 2012. All the other times I’ve lost to guys who’ve made it really, really tough for me. Tried to make it scrappy, really fight and stay in frames. “This is the best mood I’ve been in since I lost to Ronnie in the quarters in 2012, I think. So no complaints whatsoever.” Gracious in defeat, Robertson also had praise for Lisowski as he added: “Jack played the match of his life. It was an incredible match and it was played in the right way. I’ve got nothing but praise for Jack because he just handled himself really well.” 