Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martin Roberts has admitted that he's "emotionally in pieces" following his recent health scare as his co-star Lucy Alexander breaks her silence on his ordeal. Yesterday, the star took to social media to tell how he was rushed to hospital with "hours to live" before undergoing emergency surgery. The property expert shared an update with his 20,000 followers after being rushed to hospital with chest pains, leading to emergency surgery to save his life. Martin explained fluid had gathered around his heart and he was close to death, but was now recovering. His good friend and Homes Under The Hammer co-host Lucy took to the comments to break her silence following his health scare. She wrote: "Get well my lovely M.R," alongside a red heart. READ MORE: Johnny Depp breaks down in court over harrowing audio clip  Martin replied: "@lucyalexandertv jeez what a scare. "Bit emotionally in pieces right now. But yeah. Too much still to do x" In the clip, Martin showed he was watching Homes Under the Hammer on the screen in his hospital room. He said: "Well, I have to say this isn’t where I expected to be watching Homes Under the Hammer. “Little bit of good news, little bit of bad news." He explained: “I ended up in hospital in Bath yesterday, I had a few chest pains and just feeling generally lousy, so I was brought in here and turns out I had a massive amount of fluid all around my heart, which was actually stopping my heart working. “Had they not got rid of it, which they did in an emergency operation last night, then it’s sort of quite serious, like, hours to live kind of c***. “So here I am, still around, thank goodness, thank god and angels, all those things," he added. DON'T MISS.... Sharon Osbourne and Piers Morgan row over Johnny Depp amid court case [INSIGHT]Johnny Depp tells court how Amber Heard issued 'roundhouse punch' [ANALYSIS]Richard Madeley admits he isn't sure about GMB future after backlash [UPDATE] Martin continued: “There’s lots of other complicated things that have happened as a result, but we will work through those, and I’ll keep you updated. "Meanwhile, there’s a good TV show on that I think I’ll watch here!” he joked. Following his health update, Martin as soon inundated with supportive messages from his followers. Athlete Colin Ray Jackson wrote: "Get well soon buddy, you give good vibes, the universe protected you. Stay safe " Nicole Lowe added: "Get better soon Martin sounds really distressing all you been through." Lesley Bowman wrote: “Oh my goodness!  Get well soon. “I know how you feel, as I was admitted to hospital when critically ill last year, but of course the NHS are wonderful as we well know." Martin’s hospital dash comes weeks after his selfless mission to deliver supplies to Ukrainian refugees on the border.