Anatomy of a Scandal is on Netflix now and the salacious thriller explores the complex life of James Whitehouse (played by Rupert Friend). The government minister was described in the press as a libertine in his youth. Education experts Quizlet spoke to Express.co.uk about whether the TV series is based on real events. The series is based on the book of the same name by Sarah Vaughan and it follows government minister James Whitehouse. News breaks that he has been having an affair with his colleague Olivia Lytton (Naomi Scott), who has accused him of rape. While the fictional show is based on the book, James Whitehouse is notably a part of Oxford University’s Libertine fraternity. Quizlet says this fictional fraternity draws heavy comparisons to the notorious Bullingdon Club. Originally set up as a sporting club, the Bullingdon was founded in 1780. READ MORE: Casualty theory: Dylan Keogh's secret rumbled in affair twist The all-male club has been linked with several controversies over the years due to certain members becoming prominent public figures. Those in the club include former Prime Minister David Cameron, Boris Johnson and former Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne. Quizlet said: "Members of Bullingdon have been known to wreak havoc, with police often being asked to step in. "In 1927, it was publicly reported that members of the Bullingdon Club had completely trashed several restaurants in the Christ Church area, leaving a trail of blood and glass on the streets after publicly brawling. "The group were dubbed by The Guardian in the 80s as, 'champagne-swilling, restaurant-trashing, 'pleb'-taunting elitists' due to their out of hand partying and ‘Bully boy’ behaviour. "It is for this very reason that Boris Johnson’s demeanour and attitude has been brought into question as a public figurehead. "This was famously noted in Andrew Gimson’s biography, The Rise of Boris Johnson, stating, 'I don't think an evening would have ended without a restaurant being trashed and being paid for in full, very often in cash.' "It would be par for the course for many Bully boys to be arrested and held overnight in a police cell." The experts explained it was these acts of Bullingdon Club members that influenced the original book that the series is based on. They added: "[Vaughan] wrote it during a time when David Cameron was Prime Minister and George Osbourne the Chancellor of the exchequer. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street theory: Carla Connor and Peter split after betrayal [THEORY] Antiques Roadshow guest in awe over £4 charity shop frame valuation [VIDEO]What does libertine mean in Anatomy of a Scandal? [EXPLAINER] "Cameron was the first Buller prime minister and had recently been exposed as one in a photo of him and fellow member, Boris Johnson, in full Bullingdon Club dinner attire." In an interview accessed by Quizlet, Vaughan said: “I started writing the book in 2016 in the lead-up to the EU referendum. "David Cameron was in charge, an old Etonian prime minister who went to Oxford. George Osborne was Chancellor. "There had been a bit of a furore about that very famous Bullingdon picture with Cameron and Boris Johnson on the steps, and I just had that in my mind so much as I was writing it.” The book was also written at a time when British media was dominated by Bully boy affairs/ Home Secretary at the time, David Blunkett, had been caught sleeping with the editor of Spectator. Boris Johnson’s affair with Petronella Wyatt is also said to have influenced the storyline in the Netflix series. The series is holding the number two spot on the streaming platform's top 10 at the time of writing and has proven to be a huge hit. Across the episodes, James and his wife Sophie (Sienna Miller) try to prove his innocence in court. Yet as the truth about James' past unravels, his wife realises she does not know her husband as well as she thought. In the end, she attempts to serve justice.   Anatomy of a Scandal is on Netflix now.