 Tesla CEO Elon Musk announced he reached a deal with Twitter to buy the company for $44billion (£35billion) to allow him to unlock the platform's full potential, including as a platform for “free speech”. Musk announced a funding package for the deal which included $21billion (£16.7 billion)of his own money together with debt funding from Morgan Stanley and other financial institutions.   The purchase of the platform received warnings from politicians in the United States, such as Senator Elizabeth Warren and the White House spokesperson Jen Psaki on behalf of the President. Ms Psaki said: “No matter who owns or runs Twitter, the President has long been concerned about the power of large social media platforms.” Meanwhile Senator Warren said the deal was “dangerous for our democracy” and added that “billionaires like Elon Musk play by a different set of rules than everyone else, accumulating power for their own gain.”   Tesla’s share value plummeted, despite not being directly connected to the Twitter deal, as concern grew among investors about how Musk was funding the buy-out after he declined to publicly disclose such information. The drop in Tesla’s shares were equivalent to the sum of Musk’s personal money he would use in the funding package to buy the social media platform. Tesla shares dropped by 12.2 percent, which is equal to a $21billion drop in the value of his stake in Tesla, this is the same as the $21billion he said he’d pay to Twitter. There are worries that the Tesla CEO has become distracted by his takeover of the social media giant which is causing Tesla to suffer. READ MORE: Russian soldiers ordered Ukrainian woman 'to help find others'  Wedbush Securities analyst Daniel Ives said that “this (is) causing a bear festival on the name” as concerns grow surrounding impending stock sales by Musk. Tesla has not responded to comment on the situation. The plunge in value comes as other technology-related stocks struggle in the markets. The Nasdaq closed at its lowest level since December 2020 on Tuesday, as investors grew concerned about slowing global growth and more aggressive rate hikes from the U.S Federal reserve. DON'T MISS: POLL: Does Brexit mean we're finally in control of our borders? (POLL)Signs a hotel room is infested with bed bugs (INSIGHT)Morrisons & Iceland alert as thousands hit by convincing scam tactic (REVEAL)  Twitter’s shares also dropped by 3.9 percent on Tuesday as OANDA senior market analyst Ed Moya said: “If Tesla’s share price continues to remain in freefall that will jeopardise his financing.” Part of the Tesla deal led to Musk taking out a $12.5billion (£9.9 billion) margin loan tied to his Tesla stock and he had already borrowed against roughly half of his Tesla shares. David Kirsch, a professor at the University of Maryland, focuses on innovation and entrepreneurship and said investors began to worry about a “cascade of margin calls” on Musk’s loans. 