Erik ten Hag will have just £20million to spend on new players this summer if Manchester United fail to qualify for next season's Champions League, according to reports. The Dutchman is set to replace Ralf Rangnick in the dugout at Old Trafford on a permanent basis at the end of the season, with personal terms said to have already been agreed to bring an end to his five-year spell in charge of Ajax. Ten Hag will be tasked with bringing United back into the Premier League's upper reaches upon his arrival at Old Trafford after a dismal campaign on all fronts since the beginning of the season. However, it seems as though he may be forced to work on a shoestring budget if United fail to beat the likes of Tottenham and Arsenal to a place in the division's top four between now and the end of the campaign.The Red Devils will sanction a transfer kitty of just £20m if they are unable to book their place in next season's Champions League, according to the print edition of the Daily Star. Meanwhile, it is claimed that Ten Hag will have no more than £67m to spend even if Rangnick manages to steer United back into the Premier League's top four due to the new FFP regulations that were voted through earlier this week and will limit spending on wages, transfers, and agent fees to just 70 per cent of club revenue.United's lack of spending power will come as a huge blow for Ten Hag, who has emerged as the standout candidate for the managerial vacancy after being formally interviewed by club chiefs last month. They have been linked with no shortage of world-class talent in recent weeks but will seemingly be forced to either switch their focus to cheaper targets or sell a number of their existing stars in order to raise funds. JUST IN: Three Man Utd players Leeds might accept in Kalvin Phillips swap deal The likes of Declan Rice and Harry Kane are believed to be on United's shortlist ahead of the summer months but the new FFP regulations look set to curb their hopes of landing either player between now and the start of next season. West Ham boss David Moyes has already insisted that Rice will not be sold for less than £150m, while Kane was the subject of at least two unsuccessful nine-figure bids from Manchester City last summer.It seems as though Ten Hag may be forced into wheeling and dealing in his first transfer window at United in order to strengthen his ranks in advance of the new season. He has spent less than £15m on new blood at Ajax since the end of the previous campaign but it remains to be seen whether he can reach the required levels of success with a similar outlay at Old Trafford upon his expected arrival in Manchester. Player sales could soon emerge as the order of the day at United, with the likes of Jesse Lingard and Edinson Cavani already set to leave the club upon the expiry of their current deals in the summer months. Jamie Carragher recently urged the Red Devils to cash in on Cristiano Ronaldo after just one season back at Old Trafford, while he also believes that Paul Pogba should be allowed to walk away as a free agent."I think it’s a brave choice [to appoint Ten Hag] because I do think Manchester United now need to start making brave decisions," Carragher told CBS Sports earlier this week. "And some of them about the players as well, in terms of Pogba and Cristiano Ronaldo need to go." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here