Piers Morgan's son Spencer Morgan has taken to Twitter to ridicule Brooklyn Beckham's nuptials to heiress Nicole Peltz in a post he shared on the micro-blogging platform yesterday. Despite the duo being wed in a ceremony worth an estimated £3 million, the eldest son of former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers claimed that there was "no helping" the people who were interested in the glitzy affair. In view of his 68,200 followers, Spencer communicated his disinterest in the event. He wrote: "If you’re interested in brooklyn beckham’s wedding there’s no helping you.” Just hours earlier, he appeared to suggest that he would rather watch superhero movies than read about the wealthy couple tying the knot. "Just wanna watch infinity war and endgame again without knowing what happens," (sic) he wrote. READ NOW: 'Shut the f**k up!' Denise Welch rages at Jeremy Vine Show debate Brooklyn, 23, whose parents are worth an estimated £360 million, is set to exchange vows with 27-year-old Nicola, whose parents' fortune dwarfs the Beckhams' at £1.3 billion. A host of A-list celebrities, from Gordon Ramsay to Gisele Bundchen, are expected to be in attendance. Spencer's Twitter comments denouncing public interest in the wedding were met with some backlash from followers. @therealdeclank1 wrote: "There’s no helping you then as you’re the one tweeting about it. If you have nothing nice to say don’t say anything at all."  However, there were others that supported Spencer's opinion. @Jaxon_000 claimed: "£3m on a wedding especially in the current climate is obscene." @DonnaPetersHar1 chimed in: "Ukraine is all I'm concerned about, and the rest of the world needs to stand up to Putin and stop this atrocity. NOW." @jeffjohnstewart was cynical about the relationship's longevity, quizzing Spencer: "How long do you give it?" Though Spencer won't be watching today when the wedding gets underway at Nicola's beachside family villa, a host of other famous Brits are set to be there. Gordon Ramsay, tipped to be a mentor to Brooklyn in his cheffing career, is rumoured to be one of the guests. All of the Spice Girls are said to have been invited too. Sadly for Brooklyn, however, his godfather Elton John will be unable to make it due to his rescheduled tour dates clashing with the event.