Pro golf star Scottie Scheffler, 25, is the current number one player in the world. Despite this, he recently said his wife Meredith had “no idea” of his high ranking until he spoke to her about it ahead of the recent World Golf Championships-Dell Technologies Match Play championship final, which he won. “She had no idea,” Scottie said in a new interview. He went on to describe how his wife “doesn’t care” about his ranking. The 25-year-old’s rankings aren’t what motivates him either, although he describes himself as “fiercely competitive”. He said: “I told her that because I want her to be able to experience these things with me, because she doesn't care what I'm ranked in the world, obviously.” READ MORE: Sandra Bullock admits Daniel Radcliffe was 'not who I expected' Scottie added: “She gets to see how hard I work. “She's seen the failures I've had over time and the sadness that comes with trying to achieve something and not being able to succeed at it.” Meredith had unwavering faith in Scottie and his ability to reach the top spot. Being very supportive of her husband’s professional goals, she told him that failure was not an option. She had every confidence in him and she told him as much. Meredith also told him she believed he would succeed the next day, Scottie told Sky Sports. He went on to beat former No 1 Dustin Johnson in the semi-finals and then beat Kisner, who had previously won the event. DON'T MISS: Mick Jagger's daughter Jade, 50, and his girlfriend, 35, stun at event [LATEST]Brooks Koepka's fiancée Jena Sims in caddy outfit ahead of the Masters [UPDATE]Rory McIlroy smiles with wife and daughter before 2022 Masters [NEWS] Following the championship, Scottie quickly rose to be the best player in the world. Scottie explained: “It's not something that I didn't want to achieve or didn't believe that I could do. ”I've always been, I would say, fiercely competitive. “I like competing and I enjoy the challenge of playing out here every week. “Just competing out here is really fun for me and just being able to win tournaments is pretty awesome. “The rankings never really crossed my mind. “It was always just about being out here and competing." Scottie and Meredith dated for six years before marrying in 2020. The couple, who are both from Texas, are high school sweethearts. Meredith regularly attends the golf tournaments Scottie competes in to support her husband.