West Ham’s sensational Europa League victory over Lyon on Thursday night was marred by “very violent scenes,” which resulted in riot police being deployed. The Hammers booked their place in the semi-finals of the competition after stunning their French opponents 3-0 on the night and 4-1 on aggregate.  Lyon fans were clearly unhappy that their team had crashed out of the Europa League on home soil. And, according to the BBC, there was a sour end to the game as things got nasty after the full-time whistle. Supporters were trying to get onto the pitch after the match had come to an end and there were some very violent scenes from both ends of Lyon supporters. West Ham faced an uphill task to overcome Lyon after being held to a 1-1 draw at London Stadium last week. The result in east London came after the Hammers had been reduced to 10 men at the end of the first half after Aaron Cresswell had been sent off. The Hammers soaked up intense early pressure during the early stages of the second leg in Lyon as the hosts attempted to get the upper hand on their home patch. But David Moyes’ team took the lead seven minutes before the interval as Craig Dawson headed home Pablo Fornals' corner. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles   Declan Rice then added a second courtesy of a deflected effort as West Ham took a two-goal advantage into the half time break. Jarrod Bowen scored a third just three minutes after the restart as Lyon could do nothing to force their way back into the tie. West Ham’s victory means they have reached their first European semi-final in 46 years. And they will face a two-legged showdown with Eintracht Frankfurt in the last four later this month after the German side stunned Barcelona in their quarter-final. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds    “I have to tell you there are one or two unpleasant scenes behind the goal to our left with some Lyon fans trying to get onto the pitch and cause a bit of mayhem - the stewards doing their best to keep them at bay,” BT Sport commentator Darren Fletcher said as the ugly scenes unfolded. “But they’re letting their frustrations boil over. But this is West Ham’s night in a massive way. “We hope it’s a peaceful night. The Lyon fans do not seem to be taking it that well. They came here expecting to see their side go through and not taken apart like that. But what a night for West Ham United.” Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here 