Antonio Conte has already heaped huge pressure on soon-to-be Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag just hours after the club announced he would become their manager at the end of the season - with the Italian claiming that the expectation placed upon the Dutchman to succeed at Old Trafford is 'massive'.   Ten Hag's appointment was announced on Thursday morning, much to the delight of understandably beleagured United fans. Their club currently sit sixth in the Premier League, three points behind Tottenham in the race for the top four and having played a game more. Current interim boss Ralf Rangnick's contract is set to expire at the end of the season, with the German taking up a technical director role once the current campaign draws to a close. After weeks of speculation, Ten Hag's announcement has stoked belief into fans of the Red Devils, who are pining to see their club challenge at the top for titles once more after five years without silverware. But with the Dutchman set to join in the summer it appears he already has a rival in Conte, who has already started a war of words with the current Ajax boss. "For sure we are talking about a big club, an important club," Conte said in a press conference on Thursday afternoon.   "Don't forget that last season United were in second place and improve the squad with Varane, Sancho and Ronaldo. It's strange but they've improved the squad and have done worse than last season. It shows it's not easy, particularly in England. "In England it's a big job for every manager, the level is so high. When you're at Manchester United the pressure is massive. You have to fight to win trophies. It's not easy because other teams have the same idea." Conte was linked with United himself amidst the poor form of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, who was eventually sacked in late November following a dour 4-1 loss to relegation threatened Watford. But Tottenham acted quicker, appointing the Italian just two weeks before after terminating the contract of Nuno Espirito Santo after a run of five losses in seven games.  Ten Hag's move will come with a lot of intrigue, given that the Red Devils appointed Louis van Gaal from the Netherlands national team after he had excelled at Ajax in the 1990's. Van Gaal only won one FA Cup in his time in the north west, but did enough to be remembered as a decent appointment for the club in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. Time will tell whether Ten Hag embroils himself in the potential mindgame that Conte has already begun playing with him.