Coronation Street actor Bill Roache, who plays Ken Barlow, has previously admitted his on-screen wife Anne Kirkbride felt like his real wife in many ways. Anne, who played Deirdre Barlow, died in 2015. Bill has played Ken in the ITV soap since its first broadcast in 1960, making him the longest-serving television star in a continuous role. A documentary about his life will air on the channel tomorrow night, to honour his 90th birthday on the 25th. Happy Birthday Bill celebrates his life and career, and someone who no doubt will make an appearance is Anne. Ken and Deirdre’s 1981 wedding was watched by even more people than Prince Charles and Princess Diana’s, which was two days later. And Bill said the union felt genuine off-screen too - perhaps helped by the fact the actor who played the vicar was a minister in real life. “I really loved her and she loved me, in a really good sense. We had our private lives, but on screen you couldn’t have had a closer thing to a real marriage, which was lovely,” he told The Mirror. In his book, William Roache: Life and Soul, he also wrote: “You couldn’t help but love her – she was always so giving, generous and sensitive. “I called her a “love bomb”. She’d get really upset if someone was going through a hard time. “With Annie, it felt like being married in a parallel life – Ken and Deirdre – even though we’d go our separate ways in the evenings.” Bill had been married in real life, but his wife Sara sadly died from a heart condition six years before Annie. “Of course, I grieved for Sara and Annie. But I tried not to grieve for too long. I just send them love. I know they’re in a beautiful, happy place, free of pain,” the actor wrote. Anne battled breast cancer and tragically died aged 60, with a heartbroken Bill by her side during her final days. DON'T MISS...'Complete b******t!' Piers Morgan reignites row with Meghan MarkleNick Knowles, 59, cosies up to new girlfriend, Katie Dadzie, 31Danni Menzies addresses 'lots of tears' on A Place In The Sun Bill said Anne looked “frail” and had lost a lot of weight - but still looked radiant, with her “exquisite bone structure” shining through. He said she was unconscious due to the large amount of pain relief she was sedated with, but he held her hand and felt she knew he was there. Bill thanked her for everything, and said goodbye to his beloved co-star. Despite her passing, her name remains on her dressing room door, which was used by her close friend Beverley Callard (Liz McDonald), who has now quit the soap. “Anne is a constant presence here,” Bill said of the Corrie set. He went on to explain how Deirdre’s unimpressive pottery and photographs remain in Ken’s living room. “Grief is a continuous thing but it becomes a more joyful thing, I’m not one for sad memories, it’s about enjoying the person as much as you can,” he said. “You were never short of a laugh with Annie and that’s what we remember about her most.”