With state pension age changes just over the horizon, Britons may have to wait even longer to retire. Currently, the state pension age is 66 for both men and women, but this will not be the case forever. In fact, it has already been confirmed state pension age will increase to 67, and then to 68. However, what is not yet totally confirmed is the speed at which these changes will be introduced. At present, a review is being undertaken it see whether the current rules around pensionable age are appropriate. Under the Pension Act of 2014, this is something that is required to be looked at every six years. READ MORE: Britons may be able to boost their husband or wife's retirement fund A gradual rise to 67 for those born on or after April 1960 has already been established in legislation. Subsequently, a rise to 68 between 2044 and 2046 has also been planned. The review will consider whether the increase to age 68 should be brought forward from 2037 to 2039. This would potentially mean a seven year difference in the current plans for state pension age. DON'T MISSPension savers urged to act before end of tax year [ANALYSIS]Drawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pensioners could boost sum using National Insurance option [INSIGHT] It could mean millions more will have to wait longer for their state pension age to roll around. The findings of the review will be published by May 7, 2023, where conclusions are likely to be drawn. The reasoning behind the review of the state pension age is due to a growing population and life expectancy rising on average. The Government has explained: “It needs to make sure that decisions on how to manage its costs are, robust, fair and transparent for taxpayers now and in the future. “It must also ensure that as the population becomes older, the state pension continues to provide the foundation for retirement planning and financial security.” If people wish to make contributions to the state pension age review, they can do so. When responding to a question, the review has asked for specifics, as well as referencing sources of data and providing evidence where possible. Written responses must be sent to the email address ind.statepensionagereview@dwp.gov.uk by April 25, 2022. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea People can continue to work after state pension age if they so wish. This is because a forced retirement age of 65 is no longer a policy that exists. But if people wish to check their state pension age they can use the Government’s online tool. It will provide details on when a person will reach state pension age, their Pension Credit qualifying age, and when they will be eligible for free bus travel.