Manchester United have 'strong and confirmed' interest in all-action Lazio midfielder Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, according to reports in Italy. The Serbian star is said to be 'destined to leave' the Serie A side this summer with many considering him the answer to the Red Devils midfield woes, however one question remains: will Paul Pogba stay or go?   According to Calcio Mercato, United are leading the race for Milinkovic-Savic's signature alongside French giants Paris Saint-Germain. Lazio are understood to be bracing themselves for a bidding war over their star midfielder this summer as ‘an international auction risks being unleashed'. With Milinkovic-Savic's contract expiring in 2024, Lazio's club president Claudio Lotito is believed to be looking to cash in on the 27-year-old at the end of this season. It has recently been reported in Italy that Milinkovic-Savic appears 'destined to leave' the Biancocelesti in order to take the next 'big leap' in his career. The player dubbed 'The Sergeant' has continued to see his profile soar across Europe this season and his midfield versatility has resulted in him attracting interest from some of the continent's most high-profile clubs. United evidently appear to be among Milinkovic-Savic's lengthy list of suitors, however a move for the Serbian star could hinge on the future of Pogba. JUST IN: Liverpool and Dortmund on red alert as Salzburg 'seal replacement'  With the Frenchman yet to commit to a new deal, he appears all but set to depart Old Trafford for free in the summer when his current contract expires. It is understood United tabled the 29-year-old a mammoth offer to make him the most highly-paid player in the Premier League, however an agreement over a new deal remains yet to be reached. Should Pogba depart, the Reds Devils will be left light in midfield and in dire need of adding reinforcements. The World Cup winner is set to be one of a number of players departing Old Trafford come the end of the season with Jesse Lingard also out of contract and Nemanja Matic having confirmed he will leave in the summer. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players  In addition to expressing an interest in Milinkovic-Savic, PSG also remain keen on luring Pogba to the French capital. United could use this to their advantage in beating the Ligue 1 table-toppers to the Lazio midfielder, as the signing of Pogba could bring an end to their interest in acquiring Milinkovic-Savic, clearing the way for a move to Old Trafford. Juventus are said to be another of Europe's elite keen on snapping up the Serbian midfielder, however it is likely they will be able to match the financial might of either United or PSG. The Old Lady are rumoured to be exploring a potential player swap over Milinkovic-Savic, however it is understood Lazio are favouring a cash-only deal, which serves as a boost to United's hopes of signing Pogba's potential replacement.  