Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick will not accept any "excuse" from his players that the uncertainty surrounding the club's manager situation is playing a part in their failed bid for a top-four spot. The Red Devils entered their match against Everton on Saturday in desperate need of picking up a result to keep the pressure on those above them.  Equally, Frank Lampard's side were also in need of picking up all three points for very different reasons. It eventually came down to who wanted it more and Everton ultimately came away with the victory. Anthony Gordon's deflected goal in the first half proved to be the decider as United failed to trouble Jordan Pickford. It leaves United hanging onto their top-four chances by a thread with West Ham, Arsenal and Tottenham all still to play this weekend. By the end of the week, United could potentially be six points adrift of the Champions League places with both north London teams having at least one game in hand as well. While the main focus on the pitch has been to get United back into the top four, talk around the club has been dominated by who will come in as manager next season. JUST IN: Man Utd legend Rio Ferdinand proved spot on about Marcus Rashford  But Rangnick has refused to accept that as an "excuse" for United's current issues on the pitch. "I don't think this should be an excuse," Rangnick said. "We are Manchester United. We have lots of international players. "There shouldn't be an alibi. There will be a new manager next season. If this is announced now or in 10 days it shouldn't have an impact." DON'T MISS  Rangnick accepts that United's top-four hopes are out of their hands heading into the final few weeks of the season. And the German coach bemoaned the fact Fred has become the latest player to join their growing injury list. "We've spoken about that a few times, we're dependent on other results, but if we don't win our games we'll never have good results from other teams. The only thing we can do is stick together," he said. "Now we have Fred injured as well as Scott McTominay, so that's two midfield sixes injured, hopefully not for too long. That's all we can do, prepare for the Norwich game." 