Jack and Kerry Rogers, 70 and 60 years old respectively, had two mortgages on their £220,000 home in Norwich - for £28,000 and £32,000 - but they were struggling to make ends meet. Mrs Rogers works as a civil servant, but Mr Rogers has been retired for five years after working in the travel industry and the civil service. They then found out about the prospect of a lifetime mortgage, and pursued the option to improve their quality of life, and rid them of monthly mortgage payments. A lifetime mortgage happens when a person borrows money secured against their home. The home still belongs to the person, but interest is charged on what they have borrowed. When the last borrower dies or moves into long-term care, the home is then sold and the money from the sale is used to pay off the loan. READ MORE: Man, 77, issues warning after being targeted for £6,000 in scam call For the Norwich couple, this was a suitable solution to some of their financial challenges. Sharing the couple’s story exclusively with Express.co.uk, Mr Rogers said: “I think lifetime mortgages are a damn good idea. It’s certainly brightened up our lives. We’re strong advocates for them and we’re telling anyone and everyone to look at them. “It’s so nice not to have £800 in mortgage payments going out every month. The cost of living was really starting to bite. On the last day of each month, Kerry’s salary would hit our bank account but within three days it was nearly all gone. “It was crippling to see that money going out every month. We couldn’t go out for a meal or go to the cinema. We really were struggling month to month. Heating bills are going up, petrol prices are going up. DON'T MISSState pension frustration as sum will not increase to £380 per week [LATEST]Nationwide offers 2.5% interest rate account but for a ‘limited time' [UPDATE]Pensioners with arthritis or other conditions may get extra £92 [INSIGHT] “We weren’t destitute. We still ate but we couldn’t afford life’s little luxuries. But taking out the lifetime mortgage has meant that we no longer have the Sword of Damocles of mortgage payments hanging over our heads. “We can actually start to enjoy ourselves again. It has meant a lot to us. For the rest of our lives we’ll feel mortgage free.” Mr and Mrs Rogers have said they now have new plans given the help of their lifetime mortgage. The couple, who have been married for nearly 19 years, are now having their house remodelled and redecorated. They have had a new kitchen fitted, and are set to replaster walls and fit new carpet, as well as purchasing new furniture. Mrs Rogers added: “If a lifetime mortgage was going to make things easier for us, then I was all for it. “What’s the point of sitting on a nest egg locked up in your house when it could be put to good use? “Life was becoming a bit of  a struggle. Using the equity we had built up in our house to make life better was the obvious thing to do. “It feels fantastic to know that we don’t have to make mortgage payments every month any more. We’re never going back to that. It’s quite liberating.” The pair decided to release £60,280 with Responsible Life through Aviva, with an interest rate of 4.5 percent. They do not have any children, and their estate is set to pass to the Dogs’ Trust. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Lifetime mortgages may not be suitable for everyone, as they are dependent on personal circumstances. A lifetime mortgage will reduce the amount a person or couple can leave as an inheritance. Indeed, an interest-roll up mortgage could mean the amount a person owes grows quickly. When it comes to a mortgage with variable interest rates, it may not be suitable as interest could rise significantly. People should also be aware of all the costs before going ahead. Those who need further assistance could benefit from speaking to a financial adviser. These individuals are likely to be able to provide tailored assistance to suit a person’s circumstances.