A senior Disney producer has admitted to the company having a “not-at-all-secret gay agenda” for children’s animation. The new law in question would see teachers prohibited from discussing LGBT topics such as sexual orientation or gender identity with students unless they are in the fourth grade or higher.  A row has erupted over Disney appearing to challenge the law, with one commentator slamming Disney as “child groomers” and “paedophiles.” Taking to Twitter, Candace Owens, the conservative commentator for the Daily Wire, and leading calls for a boycott of the Walt Disney Co. said: “Child groomers and paedophiles. “They have now openly admitted they have a not so secret agenda with your children. “This is the death of Disney.” Ms Owens' tweet came after Disney stated they would fight the law.  A statement by the company vowing to challenge the law said: “Our goal as a company is for this law to be repealed by the legislature or struck down in the courts. “We are dedicated to standing up for rights and safety of LGBTQ+ members of the Disney family, as well as the LGBTQ+ community in Florida and across the country.” The tweet by Ms Owens received mixed reactions on Twitter. One user, Sulie said: “Every damn year, thousands of kids have a blast at Disney with no problem. “Families are not going to stop visiting the greatest entertainment park in the world, just because you need something to trash this week.”  READ MORE:Disney+ For Free: Can You Get A Free Trial With Disney+? RealmO said: “Girl, people love Disney. There are millions of Disneymaniacs out there. “They’ll never stop going lmao. “This boycott will go as well as the Starbucks Holiday cups boycott lol.”Yet some agreed with Ms Owens. Jay said: “We were never forced to hear that as kids! I turned out fine! “Not even against the LGBTQ folks, live how you want but don’t be forcing little kids to hear how you choose to live. “Disney has gone too far companies need to keep neutral on political issues.”The Mohr You Know said: I think in this day in age both sides believe in gay rights. (Live and let live). “However, the bizarre part is when a company geared towards kids is literally telling you they have an agenda, that’s frightening. “What is their actual goal?”  DON'T MISS:Macron warned of 'catastrophe’ by own supporters [REPORT]Kim Jong-un's sister threatens South Korea [INSIGHT]Putin humiliated as Ukraine shoots down £38million fighter jet [REVEAL] With the debate raging on, celebrities have also entered the debate. Former Happy Days star Henry Winkler wrote on Twitter: “For 51 years your parents took you, and you took your kids to Disney World. “Anyone damaged? Come on.” Replying to Mr Winkler, Roland Mole said: “See I've never been to Disney World, and yet I believe everyone regardless of their sexual orientation, or identity should have full access to their rights, and basic human respect.” Jennifer, who claims to work at Disney said: “As a cast member, thank you for speaking up for us. “We are being beaten down with the hatefulness right now.” Yet, RealGreenHorse said: Never going to be taking another trip to any Disney theme park in my life. “Never going to take another person to see a Disney movie in any theatre again. “I don't care if I'm begged, it's a hard no from here on out.”  And Don Leo, warning of a boycott said: “The only way you’re going to stop this is to hit Disney in the pocket. “Unfortunately I have yearly passes but I don’t think I’ll be renewing it. “Quit buying Disney products Disney Channel and more and when the stock price drops those stockholders will start screaming.” Adding to Ms Owens original vent of frustration at Disney, Daily Wire co-CEO Jeremy Boreing said: “Americans are tired of giving their money to woke corporations who hate them. “They’re tired of giving their money to woke media companies who want to indoctrinate their children with radical race and gender theory “But they want to do more than just cancel them. They want alternatives.” Disney has been contacted by Express.co.uk for comment. 