Toto Wolff has claimed he is “very optimistic” for the future of the Mercedes team after another strong points haul in Melbourne. George Russell and Lewis Hamilton’s third and fourth place finishes meant the Silver Arrows were the highest scoring manufacturer on Sunday despite their issues. Wolff praised his two drivers for showing “the spirit of this team” after their excellent results. The Austrian has also claimed his outfit were leaving Melbourne in a better state than when they arrived. He said the team were still off the pace but now know where they need to look to find more performance. Wolff explained: “One factor that leaves me very optimistic for the future is the mindset and strength of the team. Everyone in the UK, in Stuttgart and in the travelling race team is pulling together every ounce of effort we have to tackle the performance gaps with determination and a deep hunger. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton retirement fears played down by Toto Wolff “Seeing Lewis and George perform at an exceptionally high-level today with a tool that is clearly not on the pace of the leaders is another example of the spirit of this team. We are optimistic yet realistic on the timeline for improvement and the advantage our competitors have, but P3 and P4 helps us leave Australia with a good feeling. “Both drivers deserved the podium today, Lewis was unlucky with the timing of the Safety Car but the partnership between the two and how they work with one another epitomises the overall spirit of the team.” Mercedes gradually improved all weekend as the team slowly found performance from their new car. On Friday, the team were unable to get inside the top 10 as teams such as McLaren and Alpine set faster times. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton reveals main Mercedes 'goal' as Brit leads Verstappen [INSIGHT]Charles Leclerc asks Ferrari to fix 'problem' after Hamilton wish [ANALYSIS]Things you may have missed from the Australian GP [COMMENT] However, the German manufacturer found extra pace on Saturday and were able to capitalise off errors for a strong points haul. Russell claimed Mercedes were still a “long way behind” their rivals but praised the team's good results. Hamilton added: “This weekend we have had so many difficult moments with the car and to get fifth and sixth in qualifying, to have progressed like we have, with the reliability we have, is amazing. We definitely didn’t expect to be third and fourth today. George did a great job - I got to see a bit of the battle of him racing Perez and I wish could have been in it but nonetheless, we’ll take these points and keep pushing. “I couldn’t fight for third because the engine was overheating so I had to back off and sit behind, but we bagged as many points we could as a team and that’s great.”