Manchester United are close to finalising terms with Erik ten Hag in advance of the Ajax boss becoming their next manager, according to reports. The Dutchman has leapfrogged Mauricio Pochettino in the race to replace Ralf Rangnick at the end of the campaign. And this new twist suggests a move to the Premier League is now on the cards. According to 90min, United are close to finalising terms with Ten Hag. It’s stated the Red Devils have already started talking about a contract with the 52-year-old, who has spent the last five years working in Amsterdam. Ajax have told Ten Hag and his camp, as well as United, that they want any potential deal to be finalised ‘sooner rather than later’. And that could mean the final touches being put on a deal this week, though any announcement won’t come before Ajax’s KNVB Cup final this coming weekend. Ajax don’t want any distractions ahead of that match with PSV Eindhoven. And it’s stated that Ten Hag’s camp are happy with the way negotiations with United are going so far. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here They’re said to be stressing the Dutchman isn’t making ‘any huge or unusual demands’ that could complicate a summer switch to Old Trafford. And they also insist it’s only the finer details that are being ‘ironed out’. Ten Hag is said to have no issue working under the likes of Rangnick and Darren Fletcher, believing their current structure to be acceptable. However, he does want more detail about how the pair fit into the club’s system and their involvement in the future. United and Ten Hag are due to talk again early this week, the report adds. DON’T MISS Ronaldo has hinted at what he wants as Man Utd eye Ten Hag Antony comments suggest Ten Hag reunion at Man Utd is possible Man Utd’s best XI for next season if Ten Hag signs three players And there’s seemingly a ‘real hope and optimism’ they will finalise the agreement by the weekend. RB Leipzig have emerged as potential suitors for Ten Hag, having endured a mixed Bundesliga campaign so far. However, they’re pleased with the current work Domenico Tedesco is doing at the Red Bull Arena and don’t see any reason to make a change at the current moment in time. Gary Neville, meanwhile, feels Ten Hag could be put off the United job because of Rangnick and Donny van de Beek. Speaking on his podcast, the former right-back said: “I read this morning that Erik ten Hag wants all these demands met or else he won’t come to the club. THINK YOU KNOW SPORT? Test your sporting knowledge with our tricky quiz “You imagine [what will happen] if in the next week or 10 days they can’t get Ten Hag over the line because of what’s happening at the club and how bad the club is and the state that the club is in. “You look at what Manchester United are doing to players currently, there isn’t a player that has grown really. “Look at what they did to Van de Beek, and if you’re Ten Hag I think you’re on the phone to Van de Beek and you’re asking, ‘What’s it like there Donny?’ He isn’t going to be saying anything good, is he? “So I suspect that Ten Hag’s demands – not financial demands but control, recruitment, structure, youth – are about not being exposed to what other managers have been exposed to in this last 10 years. “And that may be too much for Manchester United, and I suspect they’ve got maybe a difficult week or two. “I still think they may get it over the line. "But the reports this morning were such that Erik ten Hag’s demands are maybe going above and beyond [what United will accept].” Neville then added: “It all feels like it’s eggs in one basket with Ten Hag, but if they can’t get him over the line, what a position for Manchester United to be in if they can’t get a manager to come in that wants to come in because of his demands about the way the football club is run. “And if you’re Ralf Rangnick reporting in to Ten Hag and answering him honestly, which I suspect he will be, and if you’re Van de Beek answering him honestly, which I suspect he will be, and we know Edwin van der Sar is over there [at Ajax] who will be speaking to Ten Hag honestly. “They’ll be saying, ‘Be very careful, be very careful about going to Manchester United’ because it can be a graveyard at this moment in time for reputations.”