The Prince of Wales and Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, have issued a job application for a “Head of General Correspondence”. It comes as their current letters chief, Claudia Spens, steps down after almost 25 years. Advertised on the Royal Vacancies website, the job role is a permanent contract with 37.5 hours a week. Applicants would be based at Clarence House, with the job described as an “exciting opportunity”. The role said: “This role provides an exciting opportunity to deliver strategic and operational leadership for the correspondence function, across the Households that we support. “The successful individual will oversee the team that manages the correspondence process ensuring that the tens of thousands of letters received are handled promptly and appropriately. “You will need to be organised, implementing and overseeing the process for replying to all correspondence ensuring that robust and deliverable plans are in place for major events and strategic issues are identified and managed. “The role will also be responsible for ensuring that the department makes best use of technology, so that replies can be made in a timely fashion and carefully recorded. “The role will work closely with the communications team and the wider household to ensure the consistent approach expected.“ The advert also stresses the “ability to maintain confidentiality and exercise tact and discretion at all times” is crucial. READ MORE: Royal LIVE: 'Divide and rule' Palace backlash at Harry's US interview Charles is renown for his letter writing and his ‘black spider’ handwriting. In March, while meeting winners of a children’s competition for new stamp designs based on heroes of Coronavirus, Charles voiced his appreciation for the act of sending letters. Speaking to 15-year-old Jessica Roberts, from Flintshire, Charles praised her design and joked that the event was an “excuse to miss school”. Talking to her about the art she is doing at school, Charles said: “You should pass that with flying colours.” Charles also remarked: “Thank God people still send letters.” DON'T MISS Royal POLL: Would you welcome Harry and Meghan back to live in the UK One dead and one airlifted to hospital after Manchester stabbing Tory grandee 'expects' MPs to pass Boris partygate investigation In February 2005, the Prince of Wales wrote to then-Prime Minister Tony Blair about “rural and agricultural issues”. Before writing about tuberculosis cases in cattle, Charles said to Mr Blair: “You kindly suggested that it would be helpful if I put them in writing — despite the Freedom of Information Act!” The correspondence was published by the Guardian in 2015, along with letters to cabinet members Tessa Jowell and Paul Murphy.