Speaking on the Express Royal Round Up, Mr Palmer considered whether Prince Harry will return to Sandringham while the Queen enjoys the company of “friends and family” over the next few days. He discussed the possibility of the royal family making “some effort to mend fences”, particularly regarding the rift between brothers Prince William and Harry. Mr Palmer said: “From what we can gather, [the Queen’s] going to be there for a few days with friends and family popping over to see her. “It does raise the intriguing question of whether Harry will perhaps go back there on his way back to America. “Might there be a sort of family get-together, some effort to mend fences, because as far as we know he and William have not met yet.” Mr Palmer went on to cite Daily Express headlines that suggest Prince Harry and his family could be invited for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June later this year. The Queen flew to Sandringham from Windsor Castle today ahead of her 96th birthday on Thursday. The Norfolk estate is where her late husband Prince Phillip moved after his retirement in August 2017. It is believed that she will spend her time in Wood Farm, a favourite residency of her husband’s on the Sandringham estate. It is a modest residence with a more informal air than the nearby Sandringham House, with the Queen saying Prince Phillip loved the house because “the sea was so close”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'need to be on good terms with the Queen' [INSIGHT] Though Buckingham Palace has not announced any official engagements over the coming days, it is expected that the Queen will entertain friends and family. Mr Palmer speculated whether Prince Harry may be among the family members attending the property. Royal sources said the move to Sandringham was a “positive step” given the Queen’s recent mobility issues. Such issues have led her to cancel a string of engagements, pulling out of face-to-face meetings. DON'T MISS: The Queen flies to Wood Farm to celebrate 96th birthday - inside home [INSIGHT]  Meghan and Harry should NOT attend Platinum Jubilee – POLL [POLL] Kate and Prince William to step out on Queen's birthday [REVEAL] Speaking on the Queen’s love for Sandringham, one royal source said that the monarch had made the decision to move “to be as close as possible to her late husband”. The source said: “The Queen decided very recently that on her birthday she wanted to be as close as possible to her late husband and in an environment that was very close to both of their hearts. “Sandringham holds so many special memories for the Queen and Prince Phillip as well as the rest of the royal family. “It’s certainly a positive step that Her Majesty is feeling well enough and rested to enjoy her upcoming mini-break which she thoroughly deserves to celebrate her birthday.” 