West Ham smashed Lyon 3-0 on Thursday night to secure their spot in the Europa League semi-finals. In a week when Manchester United edged ever closer to appointing their next manager, David Moyes exorcised his Red Devils' demons by guiding the Hammers to the competition's last four, where his side will meet Eintracht Frankfurt - not Barcelona.   With the scores level heading into the second leg following a 1-1 draw at the London Stadium last week, the Hammers knew they needed a performance in France. And boy did they deliver. Moyes' men were rewarded for their disciplined approach on 38 minutes as Craig Dawson powered in the opener, heading home Pablo Fornals' clipped corner kick. West Ham captain Declan Rice then doubled his side's lead on the night a minute before the interval as his side-footed effort deflected over Lyon's sprawling stand-in stopper Julian Pollersbeck. Moments after half-time, Moyes' side were in dreamland. The Hammers carved Lyon open on the counter with Jarrod Bowen drilling in from the edge of the area to ensure it would be West Ham who faced Eintracht Frankfurt in the Europa League's final four following their shock triumph over Barcelona. Express Sport take a look at five talking points from West Ham's biggest night in over 40 years.  This week's developments will have surely served up a period of reflection for Moyes as former club United edged ever closer to appointing Erik ten Hag as their next manager. The news wouldn't have escaped West Ham's manager, who was once the centre of talk surrounding an Old Trafford appointment himself. The Scot endured a torrid time at United and was sacked a mere 10 months into his tenure. The sour stint with the Red Devils saw the 58-year-old's career suffer a significant setback, but he's worked his way back to the top end of the game since. Moyes' game-plan worked to perfection in Lyon as West Ham looked disciplined, well-drilled and deserving of their place among Europe's elite. The Scot is back where he belongs and this remarkable European adventure with the Hammers has seen him exorcise his United demons and restore his status as one of the most respected managerial figures in the English game. JUST IN: Man Utd outcast Martial admits future is 'complicated' amid struggles  Having drawn at the London Stadium last week, the Hammers were anticipating an almighty challenge during the return leg in Lyon. In order to reach a European semi-final for the first time since 1976, West Ham's big names would need to produce. And they did just that. Rice was his usual domineering presence in the heart of midfield as he savoured every second of this enormous occasion. His composed strike moments before half-time saw the Hammers enter the interval with a commanding two-goal lead. Bowen continued his ruthless form in front of goal, punishing Lyon on the counter with a clinical finish. And a word for Fornals, who was West Ham's creator-in-chief on the night - laying on two and proving himself a constant thorn in Lyon's side. DON'T MISS...Arsenal's new-look XI if Gabriel to Barcelona swap deal helps solve striker issueErik ten Hag planning Man Utd backroom staff team 'with three on shortlist'Villarreal ace Capoue rubs sult in Bayern boss Nagelsmann's wounds  With Aaron Cresswell suspended following last week's red card and both Kurt Zouma and Angelo Ogbonna out injured, Moyes faced something of a selection crisis in defence heading into the second leg. With several of his first-choice options extinguished, the Scot was forced to tweak. Ahead of the match, Moyes admitted: “We’re patching together a wee bit at the back, but they’ve all played together, they’ve played in this competition, so let’s hope they can perform tonight." And perform they did. Vladimir Coufal returned at right-back as Ben Johnson filled in on the left, with Dawson and Diop in central defence. It may have been makeshift, but those called upon by Moyes were superb, defending doggedly and providing a solid foundation for the Hammers to build upon.   It came as little surprise that West Ham's opener was the result of a set-piece. The Hammers had a clear game-plan to keep it tight in Lyon and make the most of corners and free-kicks. Having looked threatening from both in the opening 38 minutes, Moyes' men were rewarded seven minutes before half-time. After a Bowen effort was deflected wide, the Irons seized their chance from a corner kick. Fornals clipped in a fine cross and Dawson powered home at the near post to give the Hammers a vital lead. Offering up a variety of short and longer, more direct set-pieces, West Ham were a constant menace from dead-ball situations as Moyes' tactics worked to perfection.  Heading into the second leg at Lyon on Thursday night, West Ham were well aware that a mouth-watering meeting with Barcelona potentially awaited. However, that will no longer be the case. While the Hammers looked the least likely of the pair to fulfil that fixture heading into the second legs, Moyes men did their bit to secure a Europa League semi-final spot. It was the Spanish giants who suffered a European exit instead. A double from Filip Kostic and one from Rafael Santos Borre saw Eintracht Frankfurt claim a shock 3-2 success in the Nou Camp to send Xavi's side crashing out 4-3 on aggregate. The Hammers will now head to Germany in the next round as a semi-final date with the Bundesliga side lies in store.  