The flight, which left Amsterdam at 7.14am, is due to land in Faro at 9.05am. The 7700 code indicates a "general emergency". It typically means an engineering issue with the aircraft but is not yet known why the 7700 signal was transmitted on this flight. Explaining the general use of the signal, SimpleFlying said: "This code is used to communicate all emergencies onboard a flight... "Depending on the nature and severity, crews may conduct checks before formally declaring an emergency. "When squawk 7700 is declared, all nearby ATCs (Air Traffic Control) are also informed of the emergency and pilots can fly the plane as they see fit regardless of the rules." Meanwhile, Boeing 757/767 pilot Captain Ken Hoke explained how an emergency is handled by the in-flight crew. He told FlightRadar24: "In most 'emergencies' we aren’t in a big hurry.  "Unless it’s smoke, fire, or low on fuel, we can usually take our time to evaluate the problem. "If we are in cruise flight and get a warning message of some sort, we may spend several minutes working the problem with a checklist. "If time permits, we can contact dispatch and maintenance personnel via radio or SatComm to get additional guidance. "If we determine that the capabilities of the aircraft have been reduced, we may elect to declare an emergency and figure out the best place to land." READ MORE: Jet2 emergency: Red alert as passenger plane issues 7700 ‘Squawk’ code Just yesterday, a Jet2 flight from Palma de Mallorca to Edinburgh also issued the 7700 signal. And earlier this month, another flight from the same airline was forced to make an urgent landing after declaring an emergency situation on one of its flights from Alicante to Edinburgh. A Jet2 spokesman said that a customer onboard required "medical assistance." Last week, a Scandinavian Airlines flight from Stockholm to Dublin was forced to land in Edinburgh after emitting the emergency "squawk". The plane emitted the signal at 10.06am, according to Squawk Tracker via Twitter. The flight, which was due to arrive in Dublin at 11.10am, was forced to perform an abrupt diversion as a result of the emergency. The same day, an RAF Hawk T.2 plane also emitted the emergency signal while flying over Wales. It is unclear what caused the emergency but according to Flightradar24 the jet was forced to land at 1.19pm after a total flight time of 24 minutes.