The Thief His Wife and the Canoe is coming to ITV soon and the TV drama recalls a scandalous event that shook the nation. In March 2002, John Darwin faked his death in order for his wife Anne to claim his life insurance, so they could pay off debt. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the small screen adaptation and what to expect. The series recalls what happened to John Darwin who was seen paddling out to sea in his canoe in Seaton Carew in 2002. He was later reported missing and was presumed dead, whilst in reality, he was living in a bedsit next door to the family home in Hartlepool. Wanting to escape their old lives having collected John's life insurance of £250,000, they moved to Panama in 2007. Their fraudulent acts were exposed by a photo of the pair posing at a real estate office in Panama. The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe will air on ITV at 9pm from Easter Sunday to Wednesday, April 20. All four episodes will also be available to watch on the ITV Hub. READ MORE: Jeremy Vine guest furiously slaps down Just Stop Oil protestor The infamous John Darwin is played by Eddie Marsan, known for his roles in Happy-Go-Lucky and Ray Donovan. Wife Anne is played by Monica Dolan, a 53-year-old English actress known for playing Rosemary West in Appropriate Adult. The couple's two sons, Mark and Anthony, are played by Mark Stanley and Dominic Applewhite respectively. The main cast also includes Lois Chimimba as DC June Ayoade. Lois is known for her roles as Hannah Bailey in The One and Chief Petty Officer Tracy Kierly in Vigil. A short clip has been released by ITV and it shows John and Anne discussing a solution to their financial woes. Sitting at the dining table, Anne asks her husband: "You said there was only one sensible solution?" To which John replies: "Yeah, there is, but it's not bankruptcy." Anne asks what his plan is and her husband replies: "You are going to love this." A full-length first-look video has also been released and shows the whole conversation regarding John's plan. DON'T MISS...The Chase contestant sparks fury for knocking £8k off prize fund [DISCUSSION] Midsomer Murders' Neil Dudgeon stunned at Fiona Dolman's show update [INSIGHT] Piers Morgan swipes at ITV for demanding 'Princess Pinocchio' apology [VIDEO] The series tells the unbelievable story of the couple who were catapulted into the global media spotlight. The trailer shows Anne telling her husband he needs to "face up to the reality" of the debt they have collated over the years. In the series, the couple had taken on a number of rental properties, which they hoped to give a new lease of life and make money from. However, their loans soon caught up with them and they found themselves in huge financial difficulty. John was adamant the one way they could make their problems go away was to fake his death and let Anne claim his life insurance. The series tells of the repercussions that followed John's not-so-well-thought-out plan. The couple had been photographed together in Panama and Anne later confessed to knowing her husband alive. He had been secretly living in one of the rental properties next door, while they received insurance money illegally for his own personal gain. In July 2008, John and Anne were each sentenced to more than six years in prison. John was jailed for six years and three months after admitting deception. Anne was given six and a half years for the fraud.  The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe is on ITV at 9pm from Easter Sunday to Wednesday, April 20.