George Russell has claimed one of the main differences between him and Lewis Hamilton is what they do outside the racetrack. The Mercedes rookie said Hamilton can dabble into other areas such as other sports and music away from racing. The seven-time champion has a range of interests including fashion and making music. He was spotted at last year's MET Gala in New York and posted images of him skydiving ahead of the Australian Grand Prix. Russell claims he is “focussed on my racing” in a bid to be successful at the Silver Arrows. But the 24-year-old claims he understands thinking too much about racing can become suffocating at times. It seems he has taken a leaf out of his teammate's book with the pair seen surfing between Melbourne and Imola. Speaking to Sky Sports F1, he said: “Something I admire from Lewis is he puts a lot of effort into dabbling into other sports or into music. It's a way to take your mind away. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton has Imola hopes shot down as Toto Wolff explains “I'm so focussed on my racing, I gave up all of my life to be successful inside that cockpit but sometimes you can overdo it. If you don’t give yourself a second to breathe you will just get suffocated with it and you won’t be able to get the most out of your performance. “If you just sat in your hotel room 24 hours a day just thinking about lap one i'm going to do this or that or whatever, it's just too much. We are all human at the end of the day and we just need to find a way to distract and enjoy life I guess.” Hamilton previously claimed he needed extra things in his life to “blow off steam” between races. The Briton claimed it helps him come back to racing “fresh” and “recovered” which is vital for his performance on the track. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tipped to 'challenge for wins' in a matter of weeks  [COMMENT]Max Verstappen labelled Lewis Hamilton's 'heir'  [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton named F1's 'greatest champion of all time' [ANALYSIS] He added: “I’ve spent plenty of time speaking to the team about how we can advance and improve. But I’ve been doing this a long time so I’ve found ways, personally, and what works for me won’t work for everyone. “I found the way that I know how I tick, what gets me on course and what can put me off course, and so I stick to them.” Team principal Toto Wolff has previously supported Hamilton's decision to live a busy lifestyle. The Austrian has added there was no problem as long as it did not affect his performance inside the car.