Inheritance tax is loathed by large numbers of Britons who view the levy as a death tax. Consequently, many will be looking for ways to legally avoid paying it. Inheritance tax is charged at 40 percent of the value of an estate above a certain threshold, usually £325,000. However, the tax has also been described as “voluntary”, given that there are several ways it could be mitigated. Britons will need to take action if they wish to legally avoid IHT, and have been encouraged to do so as the tax year comes to an end. The inheritance tax threshold will remain frozen next tax year at £325,000, as it has since 2009. READ MORE: Pension savers urged to act before end of tax year It will also be frozen until 2026, and at this point it will have remained the same for 17 years. However, the impacts of inflation are likely to drag more people over the threshold, making them subject to the tax. It is estimated that if the IHT threshold had risen in line with inflation, it would be £100,000 higher by now. But what can Britons do to mitigate an inheritance tax bill? DON'T MISSDrawdown vs. annuity - how to determine what's best for your pension [EXCLUSIVE]State pension will increase this month - but ‘bumper rise’ due soon [INSIGHT]Britons call for state pension to rise to £380 per week [LATEST] Adrian Lowery, personal finance expert at BestInvest, said: “There are many ways to mitigate or eliminate an IHT liability. “This includes life-time gifting, maximising pensions which can be passed on tax efficiently and investing in assets that will attract Business Relief. “It is, however, vital to plan ahead.” Mr Lowery highlighted several tax-free financial gifts people will be able to make each year. These will leave the estate immediately, meaning there will not be any inheritance tax to pay. Firstly, individuals can make gifts to their husband, wife or civil partner without IHT liability, as long as their permanent home is in the UK. When it comes to other gifts, there are a variety of forms of relief. Up to £3,000 in gifts can be given in each tax year, and an unlimited number of gifts up to £250 per person can also be shared out. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Wedding gifts can also be made tax-free, but different amounts depending on how the individual is related. For a child gifts of up to £5,000 are permitted, and up to £2,500 for a grandchild or great-grandchild. When it comes to anyone else, the maximum wedding gift is £1,000. Mr Lowery added: “Any lifetime gift can be potentially exempt from an estate for IHT purposes, if you live seven years or longer after making it.” Those making decisions related to inheritance tax are encouraged to seek out regulated advice. This is because the matter can often be complicated and require further guidance.