Max Verstappen dominated from start to finish to take the maximum points on offer at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on Sunday. The Dutchman proved the man to beat all weekend with Red Bull showing more pace than close rivals Ferrari. Verstappen had to be wary of both Sergio Perez and Charles Leclerc from the start on a wet track but, once he came through Tamburello, the reigning F1 champion never looked back. It was a different story entirely for Lewis Hamilton who failed to get inside the top 10. The seven-time world champion had been struggling all weekend and ended up 13th in a weekend he will want to forget quickly. Leclerc will also be desperate to put the race behind him after his error towards the end of the race cost him a place on the podium. Here are Express Sport's driver ratings from the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix. Mr Saturday has turned into Mr Consistent at Mercedes with another strong display despite Mercedes' difficulties. Finishing nine places ahead of seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton is nothing to be sniffed at. Lewis Hamilton will want to forget this weekend quickly having lost out to George Russell in qualifying before a culmination of errors went against him on Sunday. Better times ahead for the British F1 superstar surely. JUST IN: Rosberg accuses Wolff of hiding the 'truth in Lewis Hamilton apology  When Max Verstappen is on top form there's not many on the F1 grid capable of challenging him. It proved to be a lonely afternoon for Verstappen but he'll take that every weekend if he's able to pick up world championship No 2 this year. A solid drive for the Mexican having had to fend off Charles Leclerc on several occasions. Was let off in the final laps after Leclerc span out when it looked as though the Ferrari would catch him. By Leclerc's high standards this season, finishing sixth will be a huge disappointment. Should have had a podium at the very least and second was his for the taking, but a costly error saw him slip down the pack. Marked down only because of another DNF. But this one was through no fault of his own after being tangled with Daniel Ricciardo. There's clearly something about Imola that Lando Norris loves as he clinched a second podium following his third-place finish last year. Impressive stuff from the 22-year-old as he avoided trouble throughout. Race ruined through unfortunate circumstances after he was inadvertently shoved into Carlos Sainz at the first corner and into the gravel trap. Did well to keep it going but was unable to make an impact after. DON'T MISS  It wasn't Alpine's weekend in Imola with Fernando Alonso forced to retire due to bodywork damage. But Esteban Ocon will be disappointed that he wasn't able to challenge higher up the field. Alonso would have almost certainly finished inside the points were it not for a bizarre retirement after his chassis was ripped apart, forcing him to retire. A strong display from the 21-year-old where he made several overtaking moves on a difficult track with limited space to climb up to seventh. Battling with Lewis Hamilton for 44 laps is no mean task but the Frenchman used the track to his advantage in frustrating the seven-time world champion and keep him behind. Certainly benefited from the mayhem at the first corner, but showed his experience in keeping tabs with those in front of him and pick up his first points of the season. After what had been a frustrating weekend for Lance Stroll, he made up for it on Sunday with several moves to clinch the final points-scoring position. Williams have not been where they hoped to be this season but Alex Albon is filling the George Russell role perfectly and was unlucky not to steal another championship point. The Canadian may well be fighting for his spot in F1 this year if he continues to be unable to battle with team-mate Alex Albon on track. The Finn is clearly loving his new role as the main man at Alfa Romeo and enjoyed his best result of the year finishing fifth. Almost caught Russell but couldn't find any room to make a move. Another tough race for the F1 rookie. Especially given how well Valtteri Bottas performed, Alfa Romeo would have hoped for more from Zhou. May be judging Magnussen too harshly but he would have certainly wanted a higher finish after impressing all weekend at Imola. A chaotic day for the young Haas driver which saw him spin out and go off-roading at one stage.