Johnny (played by Jack Jennings) returned to Emmerdale late last year with his mother, Vanessa Woodfield (Michelle Hardwick), as they moved away for a short time after she was diagnosed with bowel cancer. Now in remission and with a clean bill of health, the mother of one has been getting her life back on track as she has already got stuck in with her job at the vets and she has started a new romance with newcomer to the ITV soap, Suzy (Martelle Edinborough). However, their latest date was interrupted when the youngster fell sick with an unknown illness but could this be a precursor to a tragedy on the horizon? The beginning of the episode saw Vanessa trying to hide from Suzy, who had returned to the village after a few days away at a work conference. Johnny's mother was trying to avoid being seen as she was covered in pig poo having been working at the farm all day. However, her love interest saw the funny side of it and agreed to go for drinks at a bar in the evening once the vet had sorted herself out. A few scenes later and the mother of one was all glammed up, having also arranged child care as Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) was going to look after her son. Unfortunately, once she noticed she had fake tan on her dress, the disasters kept on coming as she also knocked over a glass of wine which broke her phone. READ MORE: 'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry Thinking matters couldn't get any worse, Vanessa was horrified when Paddy ran down the stairs and told her there was something wrong with Johnny. The vet exclaimed: "We might have a problem. Johnny has just projectile vomited everywhere. Took us both by surprise, really. "Quite spectacular," he continued and although he offered to stay with the youngster, Vanessa said she needed to be with her son, especially when Johnny said: "Mummy, I think I'm going to be sick again." By the end of the episode, the mother of one had managed to get her child's sickness under control but she had a visitor drop by. It was Suzy, who was looking for an explanation as to why she had been stood up but she soon realised Vanessa had the day from hell. In the background, Johnny was calling for his mother, still not feeling too great but she was taking away to Suzy as she wanted to organise another date. The newcomer wrote down her number, knowing her love interest's phone was broken and said for Vanessa to call her once she got things sorted. With Johnny appearing on the stairs, wanting his mother to comfort him, Suzy said to him: "Tell your mum she's worth the wait." Vanessa was beaming from ear to ear as she realised she hadn't ruined her chances with the new villager but this might not last too long. Over the next few weeks, Johnny could continue to be sick at random times and eventually, his mother would end up taking him to the doctors. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Rebecca Sarker bids sad farewell to co-star Paige Sandhu [COMMENT]Emmerdale's Katie Hill told to go back home by bosses after blunder [COMMENT]Emmerdale star Gemma Oaten posts health update after hospital rush [COMMENT] As she tells the medical professionals how long this has been going on, they could decide they need to run some tests. Vanessa could start to become worried as she knows this is where things started for her when she was presenting with symptoms of bowel cancer. The mother of one would have never have thought her son could end up getting seriously ill but when the results come back, she could discover he too has cancer. With the diagnosis catching it early, the doctors would want him to undergo chemotherapy as soon as possible, to which his mother would agree. She would need to put her life on pause to ensure her son gets on the mend quickly, meaning her romance could be cut short. When she first fell pregnant a few years ago, Vanessa never dreamed of being a mother or a single parent but she has loved every minute of it. The thought of losing her son would be incredibly tough to bear but she would need to paint on a smile to ensure he doesn't see how scared she is. Viewers would have to wait to see if the chemotherapy works or if the cancer would progress but Johnny will have a lot of love coming his way from his family and neighbours. This could also see the brief return of the young boy's father, Kirin Kotecha (Rish Shah) who is currently serving a seven-year sentence behind bars. Vanessa could visit him to explain what is happening to their son, although he signed away his rights of being the boy's second parent to Charity Dingle (Emma Atkins) in 2020. Although he has never been a part of Johnny's life, he could be devastated to learn his son is so ill and this could make him determined to get him back when he's released from jail. It would be a couple of years before then and the youngster would be continuing with his recovery from cancer for the same amount of time. By the time Kirin does get out, his son could be back to a bill of good health, meaning there would be a greater chance his father could take him away without making Johnny sick. But after the hell she's been through with her son, Vanessa wouldn't be going down without a fight. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7:30pm on ITV, with an hour-long episode airing on Thursdays.