What started off as a seemingly common cold for the Wherever I Lay My Hat singer, soon turned more serious as Young became increasingly weak and fatigued. Even after a stint in hospital where the star received treatment, he admitted that everyday tasks like getting up stairs remained a challenge. Even returning to the stage was difficult for the star, who said during the morning after a gig back in January 2020 that he felt as though he had been “punched in the kidneys”.  Recalling the time he first knew something was wrong, Young said: “I had to admit myself to hospital in the end. It started off as a cold and then it just got worse. “I am still recovering from it and I am still finding it hard doing stuff like walking up stairs. “It has been tough, [it] took it out of me.” The NHS explains that symptoms of pneumonia can either develop over 24 to 48 hours, or gradually across several days.  READ MORE: Cancer warning: Pain in four areas of the body can signal the potentially deadly disease With over 30 different causes of pneumonia, the other main types include: Although individuals of any age can catch pneumonia, there are certain risk groups that may be at an increased risk of developing the condition. This includes babies, very young children and elderly people, those with respiratory disease and viral infections. Whereas lifestyle choices, such as a history of alcohol abuse and smoking cigarettes, can put individuals at risk of bacterial pneumonia. For those who are uncertain whether they have Covid or pneumonia, the NHS recommends seeking a doctor's advice. This could be using the 111 online Covid service if you have a high temperature, a new, continuous cough or a loss or change to your sense of smell, or seeing your GP in person if you continue to feel unwell.  A doctor may be able to diagnose pneumonia by asking about your symptoms and examining your chest. To help make a diagnosis, a doctor may take your temperature, take a blood or recommend having an X-ray. Most commonly, doctors may also listen to an individual's chest by tapping it. This is because lungs filled with fluid produce a different sound from normal healthy lungs. Unhealthy lungs may produce a crackling or rattling sound. Treating pneumonia depends on the type an individual has, with some patients able to recover in their own homes. This typically applies to individuals who do not have any other health problems, and should respond well to the following: For at-risk groups, pneumonia can be severe and may need to be treated in hospital. This is because it can lead to serious complications, which in some cases can be fatal, depending on a person's health and age.  In hospitals, most cases of pneumonia are treated with antibiotics. This is to make sure any complications are avoided. The NHS states that for young children, elderly patients and those with pre-existing health conditions such as diabetes, complications of pneumonia can include a lung abscess, blood poisoning and pleurisy. However, before even catching pneumonia, ensuring good standards of hygiene will help prevent germs spreading. Individuals should always: A healthy lifestyle can also help prevent pneumonia. For example, quitting smoking as it damages your lungs and increases the chance of infection and cutting down on the amount of alcohol you drink, as this also weakens your lungs natural defences against infections, making you more vulnerable to pneumonia. 