Every year thousands of families are affected by cancer. It is one of the deadliest conditions in the UK. More and more studies are finding a strong link between certain foods and cancer. Doctor Monika Wassermann, at oliolusso.com, spoke exclusively with Express.co.uk to discuss why Britain’s favourite breakfast staples could be a ticking time bomb when it comes to serious health outcomes. Doctor Wassermann discussed the types of food synonymous with increased disease risk which include: Saturated fats Sugars Alcohol Processed foods. “Overcooking dishes high in fats and red meats can also trigger a change in DNA molecules as they produce carcinogens, heightening your cancer risk,” added Dr Wassermann. “These types of food lead to weight gain and obesity and weaken the immune making you vulnerable to numerous cancer types.” For the full English staples, sausages and bacon, this could mean a note of caution. These types of food are known as processed meat and are modified to either extend its shelf-life or change the taste. The main methods are smoking, curing, or adding salt or preservatives. It is thought the chemicals involved in the processing could be increasing the risk of cancer. When asked what these food types can do to a person’s health when consumed regularly, Dr Wassermann said: “Sausages are packed with harmful chemicals like nitrites or nitrates, which can easily increase your cancer risks. The body can convert them into carcinogens, common cancer causatives. “Bacon has high sodium amounts that have been linked to heightened hypertension and stomach cancer risks.” The evidence linking processed and red meat to cancer has been stacking up for over a decade. In 2015, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) classified processed meat as a “definite” cause of cancer (or Group one carcinogen). Another study analysed data from half a million UK adults over almost seven years and found that moderate processed and red meat eaters – those eating 79g per day on average – had a 32 percent increased risk of bowel cancer compared to people eating less than 11g of red and processed meat daily. “To put this in context, for every 10,000 people on the study who ate less than 11 grams of red and processed meat a day, 45 were diagnosed with bowel cancer,” added Cancer Research UK. When it comes to any lesser-known early warning signs of cancer, Dr Wassermann includes: Increased night sweats, fever, heartburns, mouth wounds, and sores seem not to go away. Bloating and troubles in bowel movements. Unintended weight gain or experiencing new types of pain. Endless fatigue feelings, slow wound healing, lump or scaly skin.