Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard has named four players he would have loved to play with back in his Anfield days on Gary Neville's Overlap series - claiming current Reds stars Mohamed Salah and Virgil van Dijk would be on his list, alongside two of Manchester's top attacking stars in Bruno Fernandes and Kevin De Bruyne.  Gerrard called time on his Premier League playing days in 2015, and embarked on a managerial career with Rangers just three years later. But having now taken up a job at a Premier League side, Gerrard is all too familiar with the current stars that grace the English top-flight. His Villa side have faced Manchester City, Liverpool, Manchester United and Chelsea since his appointment, offering him the chance to scout out players that are above and beyond the ability of his Villans side. And having named Salah and Van Dijk as two stars he would love to play alongside at present, he also somewhat surprisingly named Fernandes and De Bruyne as two others he would want to take to the field with. "Mo Salah," Gerrard answered immediately when Neville asked him which one current star he would love to join on the pitch. "I love Bruno Fernandes, I know you might not agree with that but I like him. READ MORE: Man Utd target Milinkovic-Savic 'destined to leave' Lazio this summer  "Kevin De Bruyne for sure, 100 per cent. I think he's one of the best in the world right now. And defensive-wise, I think Virgil [van Dijk] is just out of this world." Salah is the league's top scorer with 20 goals, ahead of next best Son Heung-min on 17. But having chosen Fernandes as one of his favoured quartet, Gerrard has risked angering Liverpool fans for choosing a United star as one of his options. The current Aston Villa boss, 41, spent almost all of his career at Anfield. The midfielder joined the Reds aged nine, and went on to make 710 appearances in a stellar career on Merseyside.  But his trophy cabinet did not feature a league title, winning his first one whilst in charge of the Gers. Villa currently sit 12th in the Premier League, just four points off Leicester in ninth. And Gerrard will face former boss Brendan Rodgers in the dugout when Villa travel to Leicester on April 23. 