It is thought the Queen will not be attending the annual Easter Sunday service in Windsor which is attended by the Royal Family every year at St George’s Chapel.  Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall had to step in for Her Majesty on Thursday for the Maundy service that the Queen has not missed since 1970.  Sources at the palace have said the Queen decided not to attend the service a few days in advance and that she will not attend on Sunday due to her ongoing mobility issues. The Monarch who turns 96 next week revealed in a virtual meeting how Coronavirus had left her feeling “very tired and exhausted”. Royal Editor for Sunrise, Robert Jobson spoke about the concerns that are mounting about the Queen’s health. He said: “The fact is, she’s not ill, it’s just she’s not very mobile at the moment.”  He added that the Palace “are going to have to do something about the way they keep announcing these things, whether there should be a way where they say Prince Charles will be taking on the Queen’s roles unless stated otherwise”. He continued: “Every time they announce that she can’t make something, a lot of people around the world worry that there is something more serious than there is.” The Queen recently held an online interview in which she seemed to be well and in high spirits. The event that has added to the concerns over the Queen’s health was the surprise visit that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle paid to her on Wednesday. READ MORE:Ukrainian caller brands Brits 'pathetic' for telling Boris to resign It has been a long-awaited trip as the couple’s relationship with the family became increasingly strained. Harry and Meghan visited the Monarch on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games and were seen smiling and waving at shocked fans at Windsor. Mr Jobson stated: “I think a lot of people were [surprised], a lot of people didn’t even know they were in the country. DON'T MISS: Royal POLL: Do YOU think the Queen is about to retire soon? (POLL)Bulgaria and Greece break EU ranks with new nuclear plan (REVEAL)Mrs Hinch fans on how to remove tap limescale with 2p coin (INSIGHT)  “It’s a surprise but it is good news, they are a family after all… at least there is dialogue going on which is a good thing.” Some have interpreted the visit as a sign of the Queen’s declining health, but Mr Jobson quashed these rumours: “I think it’s more to do with the fact he’s going to Holland for the Invictus Games and the pair of them are going to be there and be given the VVIP treatment.” He added: “What’s important is they’re building bridges and I don’t think it is to do with the Queen missing Easter service.” 