Despite the cost of living crisis, some Britons are eager to get away on a luxury holiday. Marbella in Spain has been named Europe’s most exclusive holiday destination but where else can Britons go for luxury? The rankings from European Best Destination rated holiday spots on their standards for luxury. READ MORE: ‘Disaster’ Costa del Sol panics about storm damaged beaches It’s no surprise to see Marbella take the top spot for exclusivity in Europe. Popular with superyacht owners, the Costa del Sol resort has a reputation for luxury. Boris Johnson and his wife Carrie travelled to the exclusive Spanish spot for a luxury break in 2021. The pair stayed in a holiday villa worth over £25,000 per week with two swimming pools and a tennis court. Marbella is located around half an hour’s drive from Malaga airport and temperatures often reach well over 30 degrees in summer. Positano was Europe’s second most exclusive destination. The cliffside village on Italy’s Amalfi coast is a favourite with influencers. The stunning village is known for its steep streets and boutique shops, cafes and restaurants. Positano’s beauty unfortunately means it's a very expensive destination for British tourists. Britons might be better off taking a day trip to the village to avoid paying extortionate prices for accommodation. Portugal’s stunning Madeira rounded off the top three most exclusive destinations in Europe. The beautiful island is known for its namesake wine and fantastic weather. Hiking fans will enjoy exploring its expansive forest. Despite its exclusive status, Britons will be able to find deals on Madeira and cheap flights to the capital Funchal are available from the UK’s major airports. Capri in Italy’s Bay of Naples was the second most exclusive spot in Italy. A celebrity favourite, the island will stretch most holiday budgets. Gstaad in Switzerland is one of Europe’s most exclusive ski resorts with a price tag to match. Popular with royalty and celebrities, British tourists will find a better bargain at a French or Austrian resort. Monte Carlo also made the top 10 of Europe’s most exclusive destinations. Its residents are well known for their extravagant lifestyle. St Barts, Megeve, Montreux and Sveti Stefan rounded off the top 10 of Europe’s most exclusive destinations.