Kate Middleton and Princess Anne have arrived at the Royal College of Midwives and the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists today. The Duchess of Cambridge opted for a beige jacket from London-based global fashion brand Self Portrait and a matching flowing silk skirt. The jacket featured an open collar, long sleeves and a belt, cinching the tight garment at the waist. It also had pockets and was embroidered with flowers. Meanwhile, the skirt was slightly pleated and reached Kate’s shins. READ MORE: Flight attendant on why Meghan and Harry didn't pay bill on flight Kate is a fan of Self Portrait and has been seen wearing similar outfits to today’s in the past, including a cream belted blazer worn in September last year for the opening of the photography project Hold Still 2020. At the time, the Duchess paired the blazer with a cream chiffon skirt, similar to the one she wore this afternoon. Today, Kate matched her outfit with beige suede stilettos and a matching clutch bag in the same colour and material. To finish the look, she donned a pair of pear-drop pearl earrings and co-ordinating pearl pendant necklace.  The Duchess of Cambridge’s necklace is by royal favourite Monica Vinader and is in the ‘Nura’ style. Costing £125, the necklace comes in two pieces: a £70 Nura Baroque Pearl Pendant Charm and a £55 Fine Chain Necklace, in gold. Kate’s earrings, which also feature two hanging pearls in the shape of pear-drops are the Annoushka Baroque Pearl Drop Earrings by popular jewellery brand Annoushka. The Duchess has worn the earrings with the necklace on multiple occasions, including during her tour of Denmark earlier this year in February. Kate seemed to channel Anne today with her look as the Princess is known to be a fan of a skirt suit. On her latest royal tour of Papua New Guinea earlier this month, Anne wore a gold jacket with a matching skirt and co-ordinating ballet flats. The Princess also owns skirt suits in brown, grey, blue, and even yellow – like her mother, Anne usually opts for a colour-block outfit. Today, she chose teal, looking elegant in a coat dress and matching silk scarf. Royal fans were quick to express their opinions on both Kate and Anne’s looks on social media today. Twitter user @jeane38691545 wrote: “They’re both gorgeous.” User @duchesskatefan_ said: “Kate is just amazing today!” Pooja added: “Two perfectly elegant, dignified and strong royal women.”