Thor was left in an unexpected state by the end of Avengers Endgame. The former strongest Avenger was overweight and without his mighty hammer, Mjolnir. On top of that, his homeworld of Asgard had been destroyed by Thanos, and he had abandoned his home of New Asgard. Since then, Taika Waititi, the director of the upcoming fourth film in the Thor series - Thor: Love and Thunder - has revealed information about what fans can expect. Most interesting of all is the return of Jane Foster. Jane, played by Natalie Portman, was last seen in the second Thor movie - The Dark World. The scientist was Thor's girlfriend, but by the time the third Thor movie hit cinemas - Thor: Ragnarok - she was written out. A passing comment was made on how she dumped Thor, leaving her to not be seen again. Since then, Waititi revealed she would be returning to take on the mantle of Thor - just as she did in the Marvel comic books - and her first glimpse has been revealed. Scroll down for images of the new female Thor. The final moments of the trailer show a cracked Mjolnir flying through the air much to Thor's surprise. A hand grabs the mighty hammer, and the camera pans down to confirm that Jane has become a new version of Thor - complete with a red cape and winged helmet. This will no doubt be surprising to Thor for a number of reasons. First of all, his hammer, Mjolnir, was destroyed by his sister, Hela, back in Thor: Ragnarok. Although the weapon was long thought to be indestructible, Thor was left powerless without his weapon.  After that, he built Stormbreaker, with the help of Groot and Eitri. So then, how did Jane get the hammer? Also, why is she holding it? The ongoing storyline in the Marvel Cinematic Universe has most recently introduced the Multiverse - with both Spider-Man: No Way Home and Loki - so could this be a Jane Foster from an entirely different timeline? The reformed nature of Mjolnir would suggest this is the same Jane from Thor's timeline, but the trailer leaves things very ambiguous. The trailer also showed off many new insights into the upcoming Disney film. However, one of the biggest was the return of Valkyrie as the leader of New Asgard. Fans last saw New Asgard as a small coastal town just getting back on their feet. Now, it looks like she is part of a New Asgard board of directors, looking dishevelled and unenthused about her life choices. The official synopsis, however, confirms that Thor will be recruiting Valkyrie to fight a new enemy. The new foe for Thor will be none other than Gorr the God Butcher. This galactic menace is being played by Batman actor Christian Bale, and is no doubt killing off some of the strongest beings in the galaxy. But does this mean Thor will finally meet his match against the new villain? Thor: Love and Thunder hits cinemas on July 8, 2022.