Former Leicester City and Tottenham Hotspur striker Gary Lineker has opened up on how he dealt with his son George’s battle with leukemia. The well-known TV pundit continued playing football after the diagnosis in 1991. George was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia when he was just eight weeks old. He had to undergo chemotherapy very early in his lifetime, which left Lineker fearing the worst. George was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia when he was just eight weeks old. He had to undergo chemotherapy very early in his lifetime, which left Lineker fearing the worst. Speaking to The Athletic’s ‘The Moment’ podcast, Lineker spoke of being told his son would need treatment. He explained: “It was such a difficult time because we were being told that it would be incredibly difficult for him to make it through the night. “They said they've got to start chemotherapy immediately because the leukemia is in such a state. So the first thing they told us was ‘’we’ve got to try and get him over the next two or three days and then we'll evaluate’. So it was pretty grim. Pretty grim.” JUST IN: Terry tells Chelsea to give in to Rudiger's demands ahead of exit Whilst enduring the treatment, Lineker revealed that the doctors would often prepare him for the worst and ranked George’s chances of survival as low as 10% on occasions. He explained: “I'll never forget that first night. We were taken to Great Ormond Street. I was with Michelle [Cockayne, George’s mother] and they did all these tests and stuff. “At the end of the night they gave us some sort of evaluation of prospects and they said it's not good. They came to us with a somewhere between 10%- 20% survival rate with this thing at this age. The doctors were very straight about his overall chances. Even on the nights when they said he might not make it through, they were preparing us for the very worst. But I always appreciated their honesty.” Lineker was at Tottenham when George received his diagnosis, and manager Terry Venables was happy to give the England international time on the sidelines so that he could prioritise his family. The former Barcelona striker would have nightmares about his son passing away due to leukemia . “I wanted it to me that had it,” he said. “I didn't want it to be my little kid. But whilst there was hope that he’d get better, I was alright. I used to have this recurring dream, and I'd had it for quite some time even after he finished treatment, of carrying a tiny little white coffin. It's horrible. It woke me up so many times but actually living through it, even when you're in the hospital, there were good moments as well and bad moments. There were ups and downs.” George is now 30 years old and has his own small business. Gary Lineker was speaking exclusively to The Athletic’s ‘The Moment’ podcast.