A cleaning expert shared "the best way" to remove limescale from shower screens and walls. He claimed everybody can make the shower cleaner spray at home using two cheap household items. Owner of Showers Direct, Adam Leech, shared his favourite way to get rid of limescale and recommended "using two staple natural houses ingredients: white vinegar and lemon juice". He explained: "Limescale is a common problem faced by many people all over the world, and many people don't even know that this is a problem they can easily fix. "Limescale is just a mineral deposit that forms on places where there is warm water, and it can be caused by several factors. It can be caused by hard water, using a showerhead that's not properly maintained, or not wiping down your shower after each use. "The best way to remove limescale and maybe even the easiest is by using two staple houses ingredients; The first being white vinegar and the second is lemon juice, both natural products." READ MORE: Laundry: How to properly remove ‘yellow’ stains from pillows  Adam warned people should make sure they wear gloves when handling these as they can be irritating to the skin. He said: "Dilute the vinegar 50/50 with water and leave the solution on the area that has limescale for between one to two hours. "This is because limescale is made of calcium carbonate and the acid in lemon juice or vinegar is what breaks it down. "After that, just simply wash the area down and for places that have a thicker buildup, just a gentle scrub should help break it down.  "By using this method you'll not only be saving money, but you'll be using a method that won't damage your appliance." The expert claimed that this method is much better than using chemical products, not only for better results but also for one's health. Adam explained: "Multiple studies have found that harsh chemicals are used in 80 percent of cleaning products. "Mixing these can increase the level of danger to both you, your bathroom and your plumbing. "These harmful chemicals have been found to deteriorate the enamel found on your sink, bath, and showers, leading to increased bacterial levels on the surfaces. "When mixed ingredients like bleach and ammonia create chloramine, which causes coughing, breathing problems and burning eyes - this can of course be harmful to your health," he explained.  Kerry Hale, from Mira Showers, added that when trying to clean limescale and mould in the shower, using a toothbrush to target these is a good way to get the best results. She also shared her favourite "inexpensive home remedy" consisting of white vinegar and bleach. The cleaning expert said: “Because the bathroom is often the most humid room in the house, mould and mildew is a common problem that many – if not all of us – have experienced at some point, mainly caused by lingering moisture, leaky taps, and damp cellulose materials. "The most common bathroom mould is black mould and often the simple and inexpensive home remedy of undiluted white vinegar will do the trick. "If there is mould on a silicone sealant or grout, bleach can be applied to an old cloth or toothbrush and used to scrub."