Upon announcing the invasion of his neighbouring country, the Russian President explained a “special military operation” was necessary in order to save people from “militarisation” and “Nazification”. He announced: “Its goal is the protection of people who, during eight years, suffer from abuse and genocide from the Kyiv regime.” The narrative has, however, shifted dramatically in the six weeks since the war was launched. Rhetoric broadcasted to millions on the state-owned Channel One Russia has ramped up particularly over the past two weeks, during which time the militaristic goal of “protecting” Ukraine appears to have been replaced with one of removing it altogether. One Russian pundit, Alexei Martynov, claimed in a programme today, on Thursday, it is not just the Ukrainian leadership Russia is after but Ukraine itself. He, quoted by Francis Scarr of the BBC, said: “It’s already clear that the moment [for the Ukrainian leadership to save their country] has passed, that there will be no Ukraine. “There will be no such state.” He added the best they can hope for is a “Government in exile”, perhaps in Poland. This message was echoed in another recent address on Channel One Russia, in which Orthodox tycoon Konstantin Malofeyev suggested Russia was not engaged in a “special military operation” but a “holy war”. Mr Scarr last week reported in a post on Twitter: “Konstantin Malofeyev says Russians should recognise that their country is waging a ‘holy war’ in Ukraine against ‘satanists’ and ‘pagans’.” This message was not put out by accident, according to Max Seddon of the Financial Times, but was intended to bring the Russian people on the side of a more radical project than was first announced. READ MORE: Babies suffering after months of lockdowns and masks He wrote: “You know the Kremlin wants to promote once-fringe imperialist ideologues like Malofeyev when they put them on prime time state TV.” While these messages will have been heard most prominently in Russia, Channel One is better known in the West for its short, accidental broadcast of an anti-war protest late last month. Former employee Marina Ovsyannikova famously burst on the stage holding a banner and shouting: “Stop the war. No to war.” DON'T MISS: Zelensky’s call for no fly zone rejected [OPINION] Putin's army from 'mysteriously weak' to 'brutal' [REVEAL] People sensationally blame Brexit for Russia's chilling invasion [REPORT] The screen quickly faded to another report and Ovsyannikova was fined the equivalent of £215. The rhetoric is ramping up and, as Mr Scarr notes, the word “war” is being used “more and more” on Russian TV”. But, he added, “it would be wrong to assume that it’s supplanted ‘special operation’”. One MP, Sergei Boyarsky, clarified on Russian TV today: “We shouldn't speak of a conflict with Ukraine, but of a conflict with the US and its allies on Ukrainian territory.” This plays into the message Ukraine is simply a battleground for a wider war between Moscow and the West, the latter of which Russian broadcasting claims hates the Russian people and will do all it can to punish them.