A BBC documentary series beginning tonight will shed some light on the relationship between convicted Ghislaine Maxwell, her family and Jeffrey Epstein. The convicted sex trafficker is currently in prison awaiting her sentence from a New York judge after her highly publicised trial found her guilty of multiple offences. House of Maxwell, showing tonight on BBC Two, will tell the story of the notorious family and their apparent longstanding links with the paedophile Epstein. Most recently, Maxwell was denied a retrial after it emerged one of the jurors in her case was a victim of sexual abuse - something the jurors had been asked about before heading to trial. When the juror was asked why he failed to disclose his past in the jury questionnaire when explicitly asked, he said it was an "inadvertent mistake". Eventually, the court found that his failure to disclose was “highly unfortunate, but not deliberate.” US Circuit Judge Alison Nathan ruled: "The court further concludes that Juror 50 harboured no bias toward the defendant and could serve as a fair and impartial juror." Maxwell was convicted on on five of six criminal counts after a three-week trial after prosecutors successfully portrayed her a sophisticated sex trafficker for Epstein, who died in prison in 2019 while awaiting trial on sex trafficking charges.  READ MORE: Andrew needs to lay off our Queen, says CAROLE MALONE Maxwell, 60, is scheduled to be sentenced on June 28. It is likely she will spend the rest of her life in prison. One of the five charges against her, criminal sex trafficking, carries a 40-year maximum sentence. In full, Maxwell was convicted on: sex trafficking of a minor, transporting a minor with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, and three related counts of conspiracy. She was acquitted on one count of enticing a minor to travel across state lines to engage in an illegal sexual act. She has long maintained her innocence, saying she was used as a scapegoat for Epstein’s crimes. Maxwell is currently remanded in custody in the Metropolitan Detention Centre (MDC) in Brooklyn, New York.  DON'T MISSWhere is Ghislaine Maxwell now? [EXPLAINER]Prince Andrew 'could live in Scotland' to keep low profile, expert say [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan shares fears for Queen amid Prince Andrew scandal [REPORT] She has been there since she was tracked down by investigators after months of hiding from authorities. FBI agents used mobile-phone data to trace Ghislaine Maxwell to her mansion in Bradford, New Hampshire, in July 2020. It is likely she will be moved to another facility to see out her sentence - but it has not been confirmed where. Maxwell will appear in court again later this year on a perjury trial.