Ulrika Jonsson, 54, has refused to rule out the possibility of having a threesome after she contemplated her love life while watching new Channel 4 show, Open House: The Great Sex Experiment last night. The bold new show sees monogamous couples explore whether they could be happier in an open relationship, as relationship experts and sex therapists assist them in the experiment. Although Ulrika said she could “never say never” to a threesome, she admitted that the prospect of bringing a third party into her relationship was “unbearable”. The Celebs Go Dating star wrote in her new column: ”I have never, and could never, envisage a time when I would be in a committed relationship then bring a third party into that intimate, dedicated situation. "It’s just not how I function.” Ulrika explained that the thought of a significant other performing “bedroom gymnastics” with someone else would “break” her. READ MORE:Monty Don bids farewell to Gardeners' World colleague However, she ruled that her hesitance doesn’t mean that others shouldn’t give it a go. The presenter continued: ”I think it’s important we explore all these possibilities. “But for this old bird, I think I’d just stick to two in a relationship. "Sometimes three is just a messy, emotional, damaging crowd. “Having said that, never say never," she wrote in her column for The Sun. Ulrika’s love life has been well documented since she burst into the public eye as a weather presenter on TV-AM in 1989. She has been married three times and has four children: Cameron, 28, Bo, 22, Martha, 18, and Malcolm, 14. Ulrika recently tried her hand at dating again when she took part in the new series of Celebs Go Dating. DON'T MISSOnly Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show[LATEST]Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row[INSIGHT]Naga Munchetty hits out as BBC viewer asks if she 'forgot to get dress[NEWS] During her stint on the E4 dating show, Ulrika revealed she had been single for three years since she split from her third husband, American advertising executive Brian Monet. In a new interview with Express.co.uk, the Gladiators star spoke candidly about a crippling health condition that can be a barrier when it comes to dating. She has suffered from agonising arthritis all her life and feels she needs to discuss the condition with prospective partners. Although she is “not ashamed” to tell her dates, she thinks it is important to do so because the pain can affect her mobility. She explained: “I am going to be 55 this year, so I’m not young, but I’m not super old yet. As soon as you mention arthritis you think someone is joking about it. “I take a long time to get up from a seat or from sitting, if I’ve been to the cinema it will take me a good few minutes to steady myself on my legs. “It’s not something I’d bring to the table on the first date, but I won’t avoid talking about it, absolutely not. “It’s part of who I am, I don’t feel ashamed of it at all. It’s a fact of life," she explained.