After being named the UK's first on-course female horse race caller, trailblazing broadcaster Dani Jackson will be the next guest on Daily Express Sport's #SheCan series. Jackson will join Pandora Forsyth live this Wednesday at 12pm across Daily Express and Daily Express Sport's social media channels. Earlier this month, Newbury Racecourse announced a partnership that would see Jackson become its official live on-course commentator for all charity races in 2022. She is the inaugural participant in a newly-launched initiative, 'Odds Against: Newbury's Female Commentator Programme'. It will shape a pathway for aspiring female race callers to develop their careers through live race day experiences. Jackson's first outing will be the Injured Jockeys Fund Charity Race, in celebration of Her Majesty's Platform Jubilee, at the Al Shaqab Lockinge with Ladies Day on Saturday, May 14, 2022. As part of RaceTech's latest search for new commentators, she recently flourished as one of six race callers from a field of 29 applicants selected from the highly-competitive recruitment process. And after cementing her partnership with Newbury, Jackson expressed her excitement. READ MORE: Karenjeet Bains the guest on Express Sport's Women In Sport series  She said: "I'm very excited and honoured to be involved with this new initiative and be named the first female commentator as part of Newbury's brand-new programme to help build a pathway for more female voices into horse racing commentary." "Commentating has been a passion of mine for several years, but this programme is providing a more regular platform for live raceday experience that I've not had and I'm looking forward to debuting my first live UK call at such a prestigious track in May." DON'T MISS: Yasmin Syed the latest guest on Express Sport's Women In Sport series  Harriet Collins, Marcomms Director at Newbury Racecourse, said: "We have all watched with great admiration as the likes of jockeys Rachael Blackmore and Hollie Doyle continuously perform at the top of the sport, and we really wanted to look at the ways we could also be a positive influence for change and progression in the sport. "Female race commentators have not been heard in British racing in any significant capacity and we're really excited to welcome Dani to the commentary box for the four charity races we host this year at the racecourse and hope this new initiative provides some live experience for Dani, and in time we hear female race callers on a more regular basis." Be sure to tune into Daily Express Sport's social media channels at noon on Wednesday for Dani Jackson's chat with our very own Pandora Forsyth.