Meghan Markle and Prince Harry got married at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle in May 2018 and will be celebrating their fourth wedding anniversary next month. Actor Idris Elba, who acted as DJ at their royal wedding - has revealed that the Duchess had only one song she wanted him to play - Still D.R.E." by Dr. Dre. Speaking on this week's episode of US Weekly, hosts Christina Garibaldi and Christine Ross discussed Idris' revelation of Meghan's "upbeat" wedding song choice. Ms Garibaldi said: "Idris Elba revealed which song Duchess Meghan wanted to be played at her 2018 wedding to Prince Harry, Christine which one was it?" "It was 'Still Dre', which was a 1999 hit featuring Snopp Dogg", claimed Ms Ross. She added: "This just goes to show that this was not, you know, your fairytale wedding reception. "This was a really upbeat, vibrant, energetic party. "They really wanted everyone to dance and have a great time." READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson returns to social media after Prince Andrew’s ‘odd move’ Ms Ross continued: "I love the stories that came out of this of everyone dancing, of the fireworks. "It must have been a really amazing party." "It must have been awesome", added Ms Garibaldi. Idris wasn't the only celebrity guest at the Sussexes' wedding. Other famous guests included George and Amal Clooney and Oprah Winfrey. READ MORE: Queen puts people at ease with unique two-word technique to personalise all greetings Although never revealing too much, Idris has previously opened up about the honor of performing at the wedding. On a past episode of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the Luther actor described Meghan and Harry as "good friends" and that there was pressure as he wanted "to make sure they had a good time". He added that it was the "most stressful" gig he'd ever done as it "wasn't like my cousin's wedding" and described it as a "big deal". DON'T MISS Prince Harry told to 'leave Meghan at Oscars' and attend memorial [INSIGHT]Kate and William slammed for 'disastrous' tour by royal expert [VIDEO]Prince Charles and Prince William to 'put foot down' to exclude Andrew [ANALYSIS] Elton John was also on hand to provide entertainment for the couple and their guests. He had previously said: "It was very, very wonderful to be there". Meghan and Harry currently reside in the US, with their two children, two-year-old son Archie and daughter Lilbet, who will turn one in June. They moved there after permanently stepping down as working royals last year.