Soccer Saturday presenter Jeff Stelling has given a brutal response to Gary Neville's claim that Mikel Arteta could leave Arsenal if the Gunners qualify for the Champions League. Stelling joked Arteta would not want to manage at Neville's Salford City because of the Manchester United legend's history of sacking bosses. Neville said earlier this week that Arteta may not be able to take Arsenal any further if indeed his side finishes in the top four. But his Sky Sports colleague Stelling responded in typical fashion on Saturday. Reacting to Neville's comments, former Crystal Palace striker Clinton Morrison questioned where Arteta could go and told Stelling to phone Neville. Morrison said: "Where could he go? Because Arsenal is a big football club. "If they get in that Champions League they will spend money and attract players and keep on going. Where can he go? Give him a call and see if he can sort it out." READ MORE: Man Utd can break a curse with Antony shirt number as ‘Erik ten Hag plots move’  Stelling responded by pretending to call Neville and mocked the Salford co-owner for his managerial decisions in recent years. Neville fired Richie Wellens at Salford in March 2021, just five months after his appointment. Stelling said: "Hello Gary, hello Gary, yeah, where can he go? Salford? No, no, no, no. He wants a job where he's going to last more than six months, mate." Stelling's comments caused plenty of laughter in the Soccer Saturday studio. But the presenter, who confirmed this week he will continue in the role next season, then apologised to Neville. He said: "Sorry Gaz. He's going to kill me for that, Salford are away at Hartlepool today as well. It was just the wrong time to do it." DON'T MISSMo Salah will do 'everything on his part' to join Barcelona as Liverpool issue 'threat' [GOSSIP]Man Utd likely to do four things in potential Erik ten Hag announcement [COMMENT]Man Utd will go against 'Ralf Rangnick's recommendation' if Erik ten Hag is snubbed [REPORT]  Speaking on the Overlap this week, Neville gave his surprise opinion on Arteta. He said: "I think Mikel Arteta is a good operator. "My concern is if Arsenal finish fourth this season – which to be fair, I think is 50/50, I still think there’s a long way to go in that race – but if they finish fourth, that’s in some ways as good as it gets. You’ve got Pep [Guardiola], [Jurgen] Klopp, Man United, Chelsea, where can Arsenal go? They’re not going to compete. "Mikel Arteta is a brilliant coach, I love that we’re seeing a team that he’s getting the maximum out of, I can see exactly how he wants to play, we all can. But he gets to fourth [and] if he was really hard about it, he’d probably say 'right, that’s the best I can do there, I’m going now and getting my next job'."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here