The former British Army engineer, who hailed from Cornwall, died following a short illness, his family confirmed today (Tuesday). Sally Billinge-Shandley, his daughter, reflected on his "unwavering" passion. Mr Billinge was attached to the 44 Royal Engineer Commandos. On June 6, 1944, he was among those in one of the four units to survive the attack on Gold Beach, Normandy. After leaving the army, he spent over sixty years collecting poppy donations for the Royal British Legion. In 2020, he was appointed an MBE after raising over £25,000 to build a memorial honouring his fallen comrades.   Ms Billinge-Shandley said: "The passion he had for all the veterans that lost their lives was unwavering. "He was a man that always gave his word, his word was solid." Reacting to the news, the Veterans Charity said: "We are deeply saddened to learn that dear Harry Billinge MBE has passed away. "We were extremely honoured to know Harry. Our deepest sympathies to his wife Sheila and family."  BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker tweeted: "How sad to hear that D-Day veteran Harry Billinge has died at the age of 96. "He gave one of the most moving and memorable interviews about friends he lost in battle & heroism. "May he finally rest in peace." In an interview with fellow presenter Naga Munchetty on D-Day in 2019, Mr Billinge said: "Don't thank me and don't say I'm a hero.   "I'm no hero. I was lucky, I'm here. All the heroes are dead and I'll never forget them as long as I live." Meanwhile, the British Normandy Memorial Trust noted that Mr Billinge had raised more than £50,000 for the memorial in his lifetime. It added that it sent "its deepest condolences to Harry’s wife Sheila, and to all his family and friends." Weymouth Sappers - a south English contingent of the Royal Engineers veterans, called after their army nickname - also expressed their sadness at the news of his death.  According to Gideon Summerfield, a British artist who painted Mr Billinge along with other D-Day veterans in 2019, the "sapper" was part of a special team tasked with destroying a German radar station near Arromanches. He said that of the ten men in the unit, only four survived.  Mr Summerfield said that it had been a "true honour to have spent several sittings with him and to create this portrait. "He is an incredibly brave man, what he went through, no one can imagine." 