The Ukrainian military has released footage of a soldier firing the weapon, reportedly identified as a Martlet missile, using a shoulder-mounted launch tube. The soldiers can be seen celebrating after the missile was launched, suggesting it reached its target. Images were also released suggesting the target was an Orlan-10 reconnaissance drone, shot down in the Kharkiv region of Ukraine. Orlan-10s are regularly used by the Russian army. Martlet missiles are a type of laser-guided lightweight missile, which can travel at up to 1100mph. They can be used in a range of settings, including air-to-surface, surface-to-surface and surface-to-air. The weapons, developed by Belfast-based Thales Air Defence, were not publicly known to be included in Britain's deployment of weapons to Ukraine last month. British forces began using the missiles in 2021, after ordering 1,000 of the weapons. It is not known how many have been sent to Ukraine. This marks the first public acknowledgement by the Ukrainian military of the use of Martlet missiles. The video was posted by the International Center for Countering Russian Propaganda, which said: "This is the greeting of Ukrainian paratroopers, Boris Johnson. READ MORE: Ukrainians hail Britain after destroying drone with British missile "Thank you Britain. "We use the support of allies effectively." It added: "Give more. For our freedom and yours!" The UK has been sending a large volume of weapons to Ukraine in order to support its defence against Russian forces. DON'T MISS: 'Modern Napoleon!' Macron slammed for 'foolish' Putin 'appeasement' [ANALYSIS] 'Take them all f***ing out!' Leaked audio of Putin's 'war crimes' [REVEAL] Orban revolts against West as Hungary will pay Putin for gas in RUBLES [INSIGHT] Last month, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace announced that the UK would send Starstreak, a high-velocity anti-aircraft missile system, and more than 4,000 anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainian armed forces. The weapons system is the fastest missile in its class in the world, operating at more than three times the speed of sound. Weighing just 14kg and designed to provide close air defence against conventional air threats, it can be hand-launched by troops on the ground. The Starstreak weapons system, also made by Thales Air Defence, shot down a Russian helicopter just three weeks ago. Video footage shows a Russian Mi-28N helicopter being destroyed while flying over Luhansk. This comes as Putin's invasion of Ukraine appears to be stalling. The Russian army began a retreat from Kyiv last month, after saying it would reduce military activity near the Ukrainian capital and the northern city of Chernihiv. This is despite Putin previously suggesting that capturing the capital and toppling Zelensky's government was an objective. The Russian defence ministry said that the "first phase" of operations was complete, adding that it would now "focus" its "core efforts" on the Donbas region.