Experts are predicting the post-pandemic economic recovery to reach a halt which could result in interest rates dropping. Recent actions taken by banks indicate the financial institutions are preparing for the economic bounce to come to an end. One of the consequences of this would be that the Bank of England will stop its series of interest rate hikes. Last month, the Bank of England raised the country’s base rate to 0.75 percent, its third consecutive interest rate this year. While banks and building societies have received criticism for not passing this rate rise onto its customers through its savings products, mortgage offerings have received a slight boost. More recently, Halifax has announced the launch of its new five-year loan that is cheaper than its two-year deals. Interest levied on five-year fixed rate mortgages is now only slightly higher on two-year ones, according to data from Moneyfacts. READ MORE: State pension to hit £10,340 as triple lock saved - some get less  It is developments like this which have led mortgage lenders to believe the Bank of England will be unable to raise interest rates past 2024. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Neil Debenham, the CEO of Fintrex, shared why it is “unlikely” the series of rate hikes will continue going forward. Mr Debenham explained: “Spurred on by its resolve to fight soaring inflation, which is now expected to hit eight percent by the end of June, this rise marked the third back-to-back increase since December. “With the energy crisis spiralling and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sparking new economic uncertainty, The Bank of England knows the rising cost of living has to be managed in the short-term.  “However, it is unlikely this will come through further interest rate rises in the UK, which is now at the highest it has been since the global financial crisis." Specifically, Mr Debenham cited developments across the pond which could point towards future economic trends in the UK. He added: “Raising the rate of interest does have consequences. Theoretically, a hike should reduce inflation by curbing consumer spending. “However, given the current market uncertainty, it is difficult to assume a modest rise will have any immediate or prolonged impact on the economy. “Given that the 0.75 percent mark has not been breached in over nine years, it would be a poignant milestone for The Bank of England to take further action now. “Moreover, The Bank of England typically looks across the pond to the U.S. Federal Reserve for market activity. “Given that the U.S. said they would raise inflation three times this year, and with both countries facing similar market conditions when it comes to the cost-of-living crisis and inflation, it stands to reason that we can expect the same here. “Ultimately, the Bank of England cannot be left to address the soaring cost of living and sky-high inflation through interest rates alone,” he said. “If inflation keeps rising, a collective response from the Government is warranted that includes monetary policy.” Overall, the country’s economy grew by 0.1 percent in February. This is despite tremendous growth in the hospitality and tourism sectors during the pandemic. It also comes before the impact of Russia’s invasion on Ukraine which has put further pressure on the economy due to sanctions. Growth since January has been slowly coming to a halt after GDP rose by 0.8 percent as the British public returned to their everyday routines after the initial surge in the Omicron variant.