Katherine Ryan, 38, has worked with fellow comedian Jimmy Carr on many shows including 8 out of 10 Cats and Your Face Or Mine? Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the "pressure" comedians are under, including Jimmy. The comic was quizzed if the hate Jimmy had received was understandable or had people taking the situation too far. Katherine replied: "I mean, I can’t comment on any specific situation but I definitely know that comedians tell jokes and have different styles. "I think that right now there seems to be a lot of pressure against a certain genre of comedy. "So it isn’t about this job or that job because I think, at this point if a few jokes from that special have been in the press, it's like you’re offended by all of it or you’re offended by none of it as far I’m concerned." There was backlash in response to Jimmy's Netflix show, His Dark Material. READ MORE: Rachel Riley on struggle as she's bombarded with 'disgusting' messages On the show, he said: "When people talk about the Holocaust, they talk about the tragedy and horror of six million Jewish lives being lost to the Nazi war machine. "But they never mention the thousands of Gypsies that were killed by the Nazis. "No one ever wants to talk about that, because no one ever wants to talk about the positives." The statement prompted laughter and clapping from the audience. However, worldwide Jimmy has been faced with lots of criticism from many for his outrageous comment. The Holocaust Memorial Day Trust, a charity founded by the government to support the UK's national commemoration day, has said that the jokes were "abhorrent". The chief executive Olivia Marks-Woldman said: "We are absolutely appalled at Jimmy Carr’s comment about persecution suffered by Roma and Sinti people under Nazi oppression, and horrified that gales of laughter followed his remarks. "Hundreds of thousands of Roma and Sinti people suffered prejudice, slave labour, sterilisation and mass murder simply because of their identity – these are not experiences for mockery." DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [OSCARS] Lord Sugar says Meghan Markle seek his help after trademark issue [INSIGHT] Nehemiah Persoff dead: Twilight Zone star dies aged 102 [DEATH] In the Netflix special, which aired in December, Jimmy tried to justify why he thought it was a good joke, saying it was "f*****g funny" and "edgy as hell". He said: "It's a joke about the worst thing that’s ever happened in human history, and people say 'never forget', well this is how I remember. "There is an educational quality. Like everyone in the room knows six million Jewish people lost their lives to the Nazis during the second world war. "But a lot of people don’t know, because it’s not really taught in our schools, that the Nazis also killed, in their thousands, Gypsies, homosexuals, disabled people and Jehovah’s witnesses." Meanwhile, Katherine is currently partnered with Gousto to help regain her taste and smell after contracting Covid. Speaking about her involvement with Gousto, she said: "It has had such an impact on my family's mealtime and cooking and really enhanced our flavours. "I know a lot of people feel quite sad and powerless about losing their smell and taste. "And that’s not what you know as a comedian. I always want to bring joy and variety to people’s lives." Katherine has teamed up with recipe box Gousto to launch limited-edition Flavour Saviour kits, designed with AbScent to help retrain lost sense of smell and bring back the joy of flavour. Visit flavour-saviour.co.uk from March 14 to order a free kit