Pancreatic cancer is the 10th most common cancer in the UK, accounting for three percent of all new cancer cases, according to Cancer Research UK. The American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) says floating stools with a particularly bad odour and an unusual colour due to the body not digesting fats well is a sign. There are also a number of signs of pancreatic cancer.  The organisation says other signs include: Pancreatic Cancer UK explains that the pancreas plays “an important role” in breaking down food. Therefore, the charity says it is common for pancreatic cancer to cause problems with eating and digesting food. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: Are you itchy? The signs signalling you might need a liver transplant  The charity states: “Symptoms of this include feeling full up quickly when you eat, bloating of your tummy, lots of wind, and burping. “But these symptoms are common problems and aren’t usually due to pancreatic cancer.” Pancreatic cancer UK says: “Some people see their GP several times before getting a diagnosis.” The charity adds: “If you have unexplained symptoms that last four weeks or more, go back to your GP until you get a firm diagnosis, or a referral for tests to find out what’s causing them.”   Cancer Research UK advises that symptoms of pancreatic cancer can be vague. The charity explains that these symptoms can be caused by other conditions, but it's important to get them checked by a doctor. The Mayo Clinic says: “Pancreatic cancer treatment options are chosen based on the extent of the cancer. “Options may include surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy or a combination of these.”  Cancer Research explains: “Endocrine pancreatic tumours are uncommon. They are also called neuroendocrine tumours. “Most pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours don't produce hormones so don't cause specific symptoms. “Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumours that produce hormones are called functional tumours. “The symptoms are different for each type, depending on the hormone the tumour produces.”  Some lifestyle factors and certain medical conditions can increase the risk of pancreatic cancer. For example, around 20 out of 100 cases of pancreatic cancer in the UK are caused by smoking. Although it is not always possible to prevent pancreatic cancer, making healthy lifestyle choices could lower your chances. The NHS recommends losing weight if you are overweight and cutting down on alcohol and both red and processed meat. 