Earlier this month, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex visited The Hague for the first Invictus Games since before the pandemic struck. Speaking on the latest Royal Round-up, royal reporter Richard Palmer claims that, despite the Sussexes "no longer being working members of the Royal Family", the couple "tried to enforce" royal tour rules with the media during their Games appearance. Speaking to host Pandora Forsyth, Mr Palmer said: "He [Harry] is pretty media savvy in that sense. "It's quite interesting, actually, I was talking to a few people who were out in The Hauge for the Invictus Games, where this particular interview [Harry's NBC Today interview] was given. He added: "Even though they [the Sussexes] are no longer working members of the Royal Family, both Harry and Meghan were trying to still enforce the rules and engagements that exist between the media and the Palace when members of the Royal Family go out on official engagements. "You know, like a Dutch journalist was telling me that they were essentially told if you start asking questions of them then, you know, you'll be thrown out". READ MORE: Princess Anne reveals pregnancy horror after accident left her fearing baby was 'WEDGED' He continued: "I just don't know what they expect people to behave like that". The royal correspondent added that it is always a "very tricky area as a royal correspondent" when attending royal engagements. He added: "You are always dying to ask questions, or whatever, but the rules of engagement are that you don't ask questions". The Sussexes flew into The Netherlands to open the Invictus Games on April 16. READ MORE: 'Going nowhere' Meghan and Harry 'completely underestimated' life without royal platform Before they landed in The Hauge, the couple flew into the UK to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. Their visit to see the 96-year-old came less than a month after they made a decision to not attend the memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh. In January 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced, via their official Instagram account, that they would be stepping down as senior royals. They said that the announcement came "after many months of reflection and internal discussions". In the announcement, the couple stated that they "intend to step back as senior members of the Royal Family and work to become financially independent, while continuing to fully support Her Majesty The Queen". DON'T MISS Royal rift POLL: Should William work to resolve the feud with Harry? [POLL]Harry not attending Jubilee 'would be greatest gift to give Queen' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's US neighbours 'bristling' - claim [REVEAL] Before they landed in The Hauge, the couple flew in to the UK to visit the Queen at Windsor Castle. Their visit to see the 96-year-old came less than a month after they made a decision to not attend the memorial service for the late Duke of Edinburgh.  They said they planned to balance their time between the UK and North America, while "continuing to honour our duty to the Queen, the Commonwealth, and our patronages". In the previous October, the couple publicly revealed their struggles under the media spotlight. Following their announcement in January, on February 19, 2020, Buckingham Palace confirmed the news. At the time, Buckingham Palace released an official announcement which read: "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed to Her Majesty The Queen that they will not be returning as working members of The Royal Family".