In a classic episode of Antiques Road Trip, which aired on Monday afternoon, expert Tim Medhurst was accompanied by Irita Marriott. The pair started their journey in Lincolnshire and despite it being Irita's first time on the BBC One programme, she was eager to find some treasures. However, the expert was completely stunned when one of her items was sold at auction for a considerable profit. The duo began their road trip in Newark before travelling down to the south coast and ending up in Stamford. During a visit to one antiques shop, Irita discovered a gold French jewellery box displayed in a cabinet. While picking it up and inspecting the delicate item, she said: "It is pure base metal - by the looks of it, brass. "You've always got to look out for damage on these because the legs are so fragile they can just snap off and need regluing. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton in double affair drama "But this one looks all good, it's got a £48 price tag on that. I'm going to see if I can do a deal." She asked the shop owner if he could sell her the miniature jewellery box for £35 and he was easily swayed by her charm. Later on, Irita and Tim went head-to-head with the five items they each bought to see who made the most profit at the auction. First up was Tim, who sold a telescope he bought for £21, for £35 - making him a £14 profit.  An anxious Irita was next up with her jewellery box which soon proved popular with auctioneers to her surprise. "It's straight in at £50," Tim told Irtia who replied in shock saying: "What?!" "Has he actually got a bid?" She asked Tim in disbelief who confirmed someone had put down an offer for £50. The bidding quickly went up and the item was eventually sold for an impressive £85 to which Irita gasped: "Never!" DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip's Charles Hanson stunned by shopping list's profit  [LATEST]Antiques Road Trip expert Ochuko Ojiri ‘heartbroken’ by statue’s loss [MUST SEE]Antiques Road Trip's Natasha Raskin Sharp excited by portrait's profit [VIDEO] “I’m very happy for you,” Tim told her as he added: “But, also disappointed for me.” It appeared Tim was running out of luck as his RAF cap, which he bought for £25, sold for £20 at auction - putting him at a £5 loss. Irita was on a role as a tiny donkey ornament she purchased for £45 fetched £80 at auction. The final item she sold was a bulldog ornament which she bought for £45 and ended up selling at auction for more than double the price. 