Steven Gerrard has hailed incoming Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag as a "fantastic manager". However, the former Liverpool captain also admits no one at United or the club's fanbase will care what he thinks about the appointment. Ten Hag will take over at the Red Devils at the end of the season. The Dutchman will replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick at Old Trafford. Aston Villa boss Gerrard was asked for his opinion at his press conference on Friday ahead of his team's match away to Leicester on Saturday. And despite being a big fan of Ten Hag, the 41-year-old joked his opinion will mean nothing to United or their supporters due to his rivalry with the club during his playing days. Gerrard said: "Well Manchester United is a very big football club. Obviously the project he's got there, where they are at the moment, their current form, of course it's going to be huge. READ MORE: Erik ten Hag advised that only two Man Utd players are worth keeping next season  "But it's none of my business and I've got my hands full here with the project and the challenge here, I'm very excited about that. So yeah, obviously there's a lot of football to be played before he comes in the door. "He's a fantastic manager, fantastic CV, obviously been very successful at Ajax. I like the style, I've followed him for many years, I've seen him do really well in European competition as well. "Obviously it's a very positive appointment from their point of view. But no one in Manchester will care what I say about Manchester United, as you know." DON'T MISSMan Utd 'eye two targets' to pair with Darwin Nunez for Erik ten Hag's rebuild [REPORT]Man City 'tell Erling Haaland he can leave for Real Madrid after two years' in sales pitch [GOSSIP]Liverpool's frightening XI for next season with Bellingham and Carvalho signings [OPINION]  Ten Hag has signed a contract at United until 2025 with the option of a further year. Current interim boss Rangnick will take up a consultancy role at the club at the end of the season. The German was asked about Ten Hag's appointment on Friday and revealed he has recommended him to the club's board. Rangnick said: “I knew that Erik was one of the candidates the board spoke to. “And obviously I told them, from what I had seen and known from people who had worked with Erik, that I think he would be a good choice. I still believe that he is a very good choice and, all the other things, we so far haven't had time to speak about."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here