Britain's Got Talent finally returned to screens after a hiatus due to the Covid-19 pandemic, and has so far brought all the usual shocks, twists and laughs to ITV with the unpredictable auditions phase. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media, judges Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell, David Walliams and Alesha Dixon talked about what fans can expect from the 2022 series, and Amanda, who is often selected to assist some of the creepier acts, admitted she will be part of a "horrific" audition involving a witch and plenty of bugs. Talking about how she always gets chosen in the spooky, ghostly auditions, the 51-year-old took a guess as to why. "It's because I'm a screamer," she confessed. Referring to the "invisible phantom" audition she was asked to take to the stage for in the first episode of the series, she explained she "couldn't remember" most of it. "You know, I can't remember much about that act. Like literally got up there and this I was hypnotised. "And Alesha kept saying to me, 'babe, you fell asleep on the stage'. READ MORE: 'Turn the camera off!' Donald Trump walks off Piers Morgan interview "I would never fall asleep. So yeah, it was a really spooky, weird thing to be part of, but I suppose I'm the most susceptible and open to it. "That's likely what it is, Alesha is always trying to look for clues whereas I'm like, 'Yeah okay, I'll do it.'" When asked if she was part of any more spooky acts in the series, Amanda replied: "No, but later on in the series we have a witch. "I can't give too much away, but it involved a lot of creepy crawlies. It was horrific." "But none of them were hurt," co-star Simon quickly added. "No, none of them were hurt, not one creepy calling died in the making of Britain's Got Talent," Amanda clarified. She also joked that she'd be on the series for "another 20 years". Talking about how the panel of judges have worked together for 10 years and why there haven't been any changes in that time, Amanda joked: "I've got my contract here!" DON'T MISS... EastEnders theory: Horror as Ollie Carter goes missing [THEORY]'William and Charles will be furious!' says Carole Malone over Harry [VIDEO]Britain's Got Talent defend 'Jim Crow' act after backlash [LATEST] Appearing on the press Q&A from Simon's house, she waved her contract as Simon commented: "Literally." She added: "That's why I'm here! Sign it, 20 more years I've asked for!" When asked why the current panel seems to work so well, Simon replied: "I don't know, we just get on." He added: "We've all got different opinions. And I said that to someone the other day, everyone in their way has got their own kind of expertise. "You know, David, he's sometimes a comedian. Alesha knows an awful lot about singing and dance. "I know quite a bit about music and Amanda... juggles," he quipped before turning to the presenter, who appeared on camera with him from his home in the US. He continued the joke: "You know a lot about juggling." Britain's Got Talent continues on Saturday at 8pm on ITV.