Daniel Martin, a New York-based makeup artist who won high praise for creating Meghan's natural make-up look at her 2018 wedding, joined the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at the Invictus Games in the Hague. The event sees teams from across the globe gather for the sporting event founded by Prince Harry to celebrate the recovery of injured and military servicemen and women. Mr Martin met Meghan while she was filming Suits in Toronto in 2011, and later went on to do her makeup for her and Harry’s royal wedding. The Seattle-born make-up artist also attended her baby shower in New York in 2019. Since touching down in the Netherlands, he has shared two images of the looks he has created for Meghan during her and Harry’s visit. A third post saw him lavish praise on Harry for creating the games and for allowing him to accompany the couple on an “experience of a lifetime”. Mr Martin shared a snap Invictus Games security pass, with a caption referencing his family’s own military history. He described joining the couple during the trip as a “humbling and remarkable experience”. He wrote: “My father is a veteran, my brother a veteran and my best friend also a veteran. “To witness what Prince Harry created for so many who have served around the world has been a humbling, and remarkable experience I will never forget. “Thank you Harry and Meghan for allowing me to join you on this experience of a lifetime. #IG22 #invictusgames #weareinvictus” Others joined him in heaping praise on Harry for the sporting event, which launched in 2014. READ MORE: Kate and Princess Anne join forces as they step up to represent Queen A user called ‘CreateTC’ wrote: “Prince Harry deserves an absolute world of credit for what he's done with @WeAreInvictus. Phenomenal impact. “It is utterly beyond me how the #InvictusGames (or indeed Harry himself) are not regularly held up as a major source of British national pride.” Another user ‘Cinnamon___5’ added: “It is absolutely moving and touching. bravo Prince Harry”. Others expressed their admiration for the athletes competing in the Games which had been forced to take a two-year hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On Instagram, a user with the screen name Severus Webber wrote: “#InvictusGames has been incredibly inspirational. #IG22 Prince Harry has created something so needed. I've been moved by the stories of the competitors, especially the Ukraine team.” DON'T MISS How Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie spent Easter [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan will be 'told by Netflix' to avoid Platinum Jubilee [REVEAL] Meghan Markle and Harry offered 'a hand of friendship' by Camilla [REPORT] While one with the username ‘Neni1847’ wrote: “Brilliant! The entire event is Ah-Mazing and Awe-Inspiring! Just watching the opening ceremony with Veterans from All walks of Life being able to represent their countries and compete uplifts our Spirits. Thank you Daniel for being a Wonderful Friend and Patron as well!” On Wednesday, the Duke of Sussex played table tennis and virtual golf as his visit to the Games continued alone after his wife flew home to their children Archie and Lilibet in California. He went head to head with Tokyo Paralympics table tennis silver medalist Thomas Schmidberger, gold medalist Valentin Baus and two-time Paralympic Competitor Sandra Mikolaschek. Following this, he made a stop at a tent where visitors can try their luck on a virtual golf course. He was handed a seven iron and guided by an instructor was shown how to correctly hold the club. He then jokingly warned people to stand back as he took a swing – and drove his ball a distance of 54ft. The crowd cheered when the screen showed his ball bouncing onto the virtual green. Harry was joined by his wife for the first three days of the event, and the occasion marked the first time the couple had been on European soil together since quitting royal duties in 2020. The pair were shadowed by a Netflix documentary film crew as part of their agreement with the streaming service. The pair are producing a show entitled ‘Heart of Invictus’ which casts a spotlight onto a group of extraordinary competitors from around the globe taking part in the event.