Velma from Surrey made a call to Channel 5's Jeremy Vine as the host was discussing the Earl and Countess of Wessex's royal tour and the controversy surrounding it, with people calling for them to pay slavery reparations. Velma fumed the royals couldn't "understand the desperation" of people in the Caribbean with their luxurious lifestyle and "£30 million mansion" and stated they "want an apology". Jeremy, 56, sparked the debate amid criticism surrounding the visit. Calling in to give her view, Velma argued: "Now, the problem is you don't realise the amount of people in the Caribbean and Jamaica - I've been to Barbados everywhere doing research - you don't understand the desperation of the people in the Caribbean." "No, but we do-" Jeremy cut in, trying to swerve the conversation. Velma continued to speak as Jeremy also attempted to counter her argument. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes savages Prince Harry ‘Throw him over the balcony!’ "They're calling for reparations-" Velma continued as Jeremy suggested: "Edward can sort that." "They want an apology," Velma added before responding to Vine's remark: "No they cannot! "They live in 120 room mansion, £30million, they cannot relate to Caribbeans-" "It's bigger than that," Jeremy pointed out, eager to move on to the next caller. He added: "Okay Velma, thank you very much. We've got it, more calls. And it's 775 rooms, actually." It comes as Prince Edward and Sophie are expected to face calls for reparations when they begin their tour of the Caribbean. They are set to visit Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines as well as Antigua and Barbuda. The visit, which kicks off Friday, April 22, was planned to mark the Queen's 70th anniversary on the throne this year. DON'T MISS... Antiques Roadshow expert baffled by valuable mystery timepiece [LATEST]EastEnders theory: Chelsea Fox returns to criminal ways to protect Jor [THEORY]Amanda Holden teases 'horrific' upcoming act [EXCLUSIVE] Vine guest Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu agreed with the caller's arguments. She remarked: "The point is that the Royal Family is not ready to do what they need to. "What they are trying to do with this tour is to recreate and bask in the glory of the British Empire. "And these former colonised Caribbean nations are not having any of it. "There are three things they need to focus on, and the Royal Family and this government are not ready to do that. "And that's truth, reconciliation, and justice. Truth means acknowledging the ugliness and the benefit and the wealth that they got off the backs of enslaved black people. "Reconciliations starts with an apology, which the Royal Family are refusing to do. "And justice is reparations. Reparations were given to the slave owners but not to the enslaved. "If they're not ready to do that, what the heck are they going there for?" Jeremy Vine airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5.