Insurance4carhire recently ranked the most affordable cities in the UK, analysing the average price of a weekend hotel stay, the cost of a meal and pint of beer, and the number of free attractions. Sheffield, in Yorkshire, was named the most affordable UK spot for a staycation. Sheffield is a vibrant city with a lot of beautiful places to visit and numerous restaurants and attractions. Some of the most popular spots are Sheffield Botanical Gardens, the Winter Garden and Graves Park. Tripadvisor user 943ChrisB, who recently visited the Sheffield Botanical Gardens, said: "After hustle and bustle of Ecclesall road shops and bars, this place is a beautiful oasis of calm. READ MORE: Superyacht captain: Behind the scenes with billionaires "Grounds to walk around, lots of gorgeous plants and places to sit or have picnics. "Large greenhouse housing tropical plants and a cosy lovely cafe." Another user, ellederbyshire1, agreed: "Hidden gem. Having lived local to Sheffield for 30 years I was amazed that I had missed out on such a lovely spot until I visited. Loved the friendly squirrels too. Take some treats to feed them if you visit!" Other travellers recommended visiting Sheffield Winter Garden.  User Charlotte4437 recently said on Tripadvisor: "What a lovely place to visit, an oasis in the middle of the city... plenty of seating with lovely small shops and beautiful plants, trees and flowers!" According to the study, London has the most expensive hotels with an average cost of £366. However, the capital ranked seventh as it has a lower average meal cost due to the variety of restaurant options in the city. Adam Summersby, from insurance4carhire, explained: “When it comes to looking for an affordable weekend away in the UK, our research found that Sheffield was the cheapest UK major city for a staycation weekend. “With the most affordable average cost of a meal, and one of the best average hotel star rating, the Yorkshire city pips the other major cities to the post”. Newport, in Wales, was named the most expensive UK city for a staycation. 1. Sheffield 2. Bradford 3. Stoke-on-Trent 4. Sunderland 5. Kingston upon Hull 6. Leeds 7. Leicester 8. Liverpool 9 .Cardiff 10. Coventry What are the cheapest UK attractions to visit this Easter? According to Tripadvisor, the most affordable place to visit is Tower Bridge, followed by the Etihad Stadium and Birmingham Back to Backs. The National Railway Museum, in York, Churchill War Rooms, in London, and Oxford University Museum of Natural History are also some of the cheapest things to do in the UK.