Shaving foam is known for its creamy, gentle texture, making it a surprising choice for banishing dirt around the home. This common cosmetic product is unlike any other commercial cleaner, but its soft touch makes it incredibly versatile and easy to use on a number of surfaces. From bathroom tiles to your fabric sofa, these are just some of the ways to use shaving cream to clean your property. Baking soda and white vinegar are the go-to alternatives to commercial cleaning products, but how does shaving foam compare? According to Lynsey Crombie, Queen of Clean, shaving foam is the perfect multi-purpose cleaner because of its combination of soap, moisturisers, and other protective ingredients. Not only is shaving foam highly effective at removing dirt and grime, but it's also incredibly cheap too. These are the best surfaces to clean with shaving foam. READ MORE: Garden pests: How to avoid a rat infestation in your garden Whether you have a polyester, suede or even velvet sofa, shaving foam can be used to refresh almost any type of fabric. The foam consistency makes it a gentle, low-cost alternative to upholstery cleaner, and can be used to banish stains in an instant. Squeeze a small amount of foam onto the surface and work it into the fabric using a brush, sponge or cloth to lift deep-rooted dirt. Shaving foam is perfectly safe to use on leather upholstery too thanks to its conditioning ingredients like glycerin and lanolin. Shaving foam can be used to clean most porcelain bathroom surfaces, so be sure to try it out on more than just your sink or shower. Simply spray the cream liberally onto a clean mop or broom and scrub your tub to avoid back ache from leaning over. Rinse the foamy residue away to reveal a sparkling surface. Cover the basin of your sink or shower in shaving cream and work it into the surface using a cloth or sponge. Rinse the area and wipe with a dry cloth for a streak-free shine. DON'T MISS:How to clean jewellery: Hacks to clean silver, gold and more [REVEAL] Cleaner who tackles mould in hot climate details vital strategy [ANALYSIS]Mrs Hinch fans share how to ‘banish’ pollen stains with shaving foam [INSIGHT] Ditch strong bleach for a bottle of shaving cream for a quick way to clean your toilet. The creamy consistency allows the foam to stick to dirt and grime, making it easier to flush away with little scrubbing required. Direct the foam into the toilet bowl and use a brush to gently lift stubborn dirt while the alcohol gets to work on nasty bacteria. You can use this thick foam to clean your toilet brush too, just sit the brush under the lid so it is positioned over the bowl and cover it in shaving foam. Leave the foam to sit for at least 10 minutes before pouring hot water over the brush to rinse it off. Flush the residue away and place the brush back into its holder ready to be used again. Vent covers can gather large amounts of dirt, dust and grime which is why it is important to make them part of your regular cleaning routine. Use shaving foam to cover the slats and let the cream expand. Take a toothbrush and work the foam into the dirt to lift sticky residue before giving it a rinse. Dry the cover off before returning it to the vent. Use this creamy cosmetic product to banish stains and smears from your mirrors using a few pumps and a clean cloth. Wipe the foam over the mirror in circular motions to reveal a streak free shine while leaving a protective layer against steaminess and condensation. Sprucing up your mattress is easily done with shaving foam, just spray the cream liberally over the surface and work it into the material using a damp sponge. This is the best alternative to baking soda as it evaporates quickly with no vacuuming required. Tackle spills and stains with just one pump of shaving cream and let it sit for 30 minutes. Use a damp cloth to remove the residue and repeat the process until the stain is gone. This trick is especially effective on red wine stains. Cleaning the surface of kitchen cabinets is something many of us neglect, but giving them a quick wipe over with shaving foam is all that’s needed to banish grease and grime. This gentle foam is perfect for painted surfaces unlike many chemical cleaners.