Simon Thomas, 49, has admitted his wife Derrina Jebb worries she is not properly marking anniversaries relating to his late wife Gemma Thomas, who died in November 2017. Gemma was mother to Simon's son Ethan.  Gemma died from acute Myeloid leukaemia at the age of 40, just three days after contracting the disease.  Ethan was aged eight years old at the time, and Simon said in a statement that his son was "in bits".  He added that he would be taking a break from his Sky Sports job to spend more time with Ethan, and that he was "crushed with indescribable pain".  But Simon was able to find happiness again when he married Derrina in July 2021. READ MORE: Only Fools and Horses actress Tessa Peake-Jones dated son from show Speaking to Kate Ferdinand on the Blended podcast, Simon said it’s common to feel guilt and to worry about how best to deal with anniversaries. He said: “I think sometimes you struggle a little bit with guilt, in particular around anniversaries. “I'm very comfortable with anniversaries as in I don't overthink them. "I think the first year when you go through loss, those firsts are massive and every first is a hurdle to get over and with time it becomes easier.” Addressing Derrina, who sat beside him during the podcast, he explained that sometimes she feels as if they should be “doing something” for the anniversary. He said: “I think Derrina sometimes feels, ‘But we should be doing something’. "You’ll ask me a few times leading up to an anniversary, ‘What are you going to do? Do you want to do something with Ethan? Does Ethan want to do anything?’ "I think sometimes you feel we should be doing more because of that guilt you feel that maybe we’re not doing enough and I try to reassure Derrina and say, 'It’s fine’." DON'T MISS... Ricky Gervais takes aim at Jada Pinkett Smith after Oscars slap row [UPDATE]Demi Rose strips to bikini as she puts on busy display in hot tub [ANALYSIS]Piers Morgan slams Hollywood for attitude to Will Smith [INSIGHT] Simon added that Ethan sometimes lets off a balloon to remember his mum. In July 2021, Simon shared an unexpected wedding photo with his 99.4 followers on Instagram. The star posted to say that "love wins", and fans flocked to the post to give their well wishes. He and Derrina began dating in 2018, but did not announce an engagement before posting the photo. The former Blue Peter host wrote a heartfelt-tribute to his then-girlfriend Derrina, who works in the legal industry. He called her “incredible” and thanked her for being “such a joy” in hard times. In the caption he explained that it’s been hard, but she had been “selfless". Simon also thanked Derrina and his son for “keeping him going".