On Friday's The Chase, Mark "The Beast" Labbett admitted defeat after host Bradley Walsh pointed out how promising his competition was during the ITV gameshow. Usually defiant, the chaser stated he wanted a "white flag" and that he "might as well give up now". The episode started with Julie, 62, taking the first attempt to win money for the team. After earning £8,000 in her cash-builder section, The Beast offered a high option of £40,000. Her teammates advised her to go for the offer, and Julie decided to go with the £8,000. "I don't blame you, but you're a good player and I really think you could have gone with the £40,000," Bradley commented. READ MORE: Emmerdale theory: Moira Barton pregnant as Cain Dingle dies in tragedy As she went head-to-head with Mark, Julie answered all her questions correctly. Bradley described her performance as "unbelievable" as Julie confessed she should have gone with the high offer. Mark couldn't relax too much though, as second player Aaron managed to collect £9,000 from his cash-builder. Again, he went on to enjoy a perfect round, with no incorrect answers. Gasping, Bradley commented at the end of Aaron's round: "17, for two!" Mark remarked: "I think this could be the earliest time in the show I've ever said this but has somebody got a white flag handy?" "I tell you what-" Bradley laughed, astonished by the players' achievements. Mark cut in to continue: "They haven't got one wrong, they've got 17 right... I might as well give up now!" DON'T MISS... GB News guests clash over Royal Family reparations ‘No evidence!' [VIDEO]EastEnders theory: Janine Butcher suffers double blow with pregnancy [THEORY]Piers Morgan slams 'self-obsessed' Johnny Depp and Amber Heard [LATEST] "I think both players have spread the game as well," the presenter commented. "Amazing, Aaron, that was terrific." He went on: "Julie and Aaron, oh my goodness," as Julie stated: "Oh my God." "17!" Bradley repeated. "Yeah... 17 for two, extraordinary!" Before Mark chimed in again. The chaser pointed out: "There's only one good thing for me, it could've been 90!" "It could've been 90 grand, easy," Bradley agreed. "Wow, what about that - unbelievable." The team's lucky streak continued, as the next player Elaine earned £4,000, bringing the total up to £21,000. As she rejoined her team, Bradley looked at Mark, who'd placed his head in his hands and stated: "Dejection personified!" Michael also made it back to the team and his £3,000 brought the total to £24,000. "You're absolutely loving this, aren't you?" a concerned Mark stated to Bradley, before adding: "Stop rubbing it in!" The Chase airs weekdays at 5pm on ITV.