This could make a huge difference to cash strapped families who are struggling with the cost of living crisis and rising energy bills. Around 400,000 Britons could be claiming this benefit and unpaid carers are urged to check their eligibility. Unpaid carers could receive up to £302 a month through Carer’s Allowance. Carer’s Allowance can provide financial help for people who take care of themselves, or take care of others and the care they provide meets a certain criteria. The rates increased by 3.1 percent on April 11 so eligible claimants recently just received a cash boost. To be eligible, the person being cared for must already be receiving certain benefits. READ MORE: Dragons' Den duo shocked to get £125k offer in 'one of biggest U-turns ever seen in Den'  Nearly half a million people are missing out on this vital financial support because they don’t know they are eligible. Campaigners say there has never been a more important time to conduct a benefits check as the cost of living crisis continues to bite. People who help someone with everyday tasks or getting around the home are being encouraged to check whether they are eligible for Carer’s Allowance. Caring for someone can include everyday tasks such as: Applicants must also be earning £132 or less a week after tax, National Insurance and expenses. If earnings are sometimes more than £132 a week, people might still be eligible for Carer’s Allowance. Their average earnings may be calculated to work out if they’re eligible. How to ClaimBritons can apply online using the form on gov.uk, or apply by post. Before people apply, they need to have their: People also need details of the person you care for. They need their: People can backdate their claim by up to three months. People who successfully claim Carer’s Allowance might also qualify for: When someone claims Carer’s Allowance, their other benefit payments may change, but their total benefit payments will usually either go up or stay the same. Britons cannot get the full amount of both Carer’s Allowance and their State Pension at the same time. If their pension is £69.70 a week or more, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment. If their pension is less than £69.70 a week, they’ll get a Carer’s Allowance payment to make up the difference. If their State Pension is more than £69.70 a week, they will not get a Carer’s Allowance payment but their Pension Credit payments will increase instead. Britons can use the benefits calculator on the Government website to work out how their other benefits will be affected.