Petrol and diesel prices are staying resolutely high in the UK with the current cost of the fuels sitting at more than £1.60 and £1.70 per litre respectively. Now, motoring experts at National Tyres and Autocare have urged drivers to focus on checking their tyre pressure to help make their current fuel spend go further. Michael Bourne, Group Marketing Director told Express.co.uk exclusively: “It is important for drivers to make sure their car is properly maintained during these turbulent times, especially their tyres. “Not only can under-inflated tyres cause a reduction in tyre life, when your tyre pressure is six pound force per square inch (PSI) below the recommended inflation, you use three percent more fuel.” “Most drivers forget that if they are taking a journey with a heavier load than usual, you should increase your tyre pressure accordingly. “To top this off, if your tyres don’t meet legal requirements, you could face a fine of £2,500 per tyre and three penalty points on your licence.” READ MORE: Car cleaning tips to use - including shaving cream How to check your tyre pressure:Where to find the correct tyre pressure: Tyre pressures can be found in your vehicle's handbook and are usually stamped on the sill of the driver's door. They can also sometimes be found inside your fuel cap filler door. Some owners like to slightly overfill tyres for a firmer ride, but tyres should never be under-filled with air. Check the load of your vehicleThere will be different settings for fully loaded vehicles, so remember to check these in your vehicle handbook. This is especially important if carrying extra passengers or any additional weight like heavy luggage. Roof boxes whether full or otherwise will also add weight that should be considered when measuring tyre pressure. Check your tyres PSI or BarYour tyres PSI (pound-force per square inch) or Bar (1 bar is equal to 14.5038 PSI) can be checked using a tyre pressure gauge, which is a highly-recommended buy, or at a local petrol station where you fill your tyres with air. Often there will be no charge for filling the tyres. It’s always recommended to do this along with an oil level check, before setting off on any lengthy journey. Set your tyre pressure monitoring system (TPMS)In November 2014 it became law for every new passenger vehicle to be required to have a TPMS before being sold. Some vehicles manufactured in 2015 have a built-in TPMS, where the owner can set the tyre pressure for their vehicle. If your tyre pressure falls below the setting, you will be notified to add more pressure.