Baking soda is an affordable and natural way to clean the house without using harsh chemicals. Baking soda, also known as bicarbonate of soda is commonly used in baking as a raising agent. The chemical compound often appears as a fine, white powder. Baking soda can help to dissolve grease and dirt when used in cleaning. Now cleaning guru Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean, has shared her favourite uses for baking soda around the home. Lynsey said in her post last week: “Check out my four favourite uses for using bicarbonate of soda around my home. “Such a simple, versatile, eco product with so many wonderful uses. READ MORE: What to do with daffodils after flowering - 5 key steps “What’s your favourite way of using bicarb around your home?” The cleaning star shared a video showing her using baking soda to clean her home. Lynsey puts a scoopful of baking soda into the plug hole to oust odours. Lynsey said bicarbonate of soda can be made into the “ultimate cleaning paste” when mixed with washing up liquid and water. DON'T MISSGarden weeds: How to ‘effectively’ kill garden weeds using salt [INSIGHT]‘Indestructible’ garden plants which will ‘thrive’ on their own [UPDATE]‘Does the job’: ‘Effective’ ways to remove weeds from lawns [ANALYSIS] The cleaning pro mixed the three ingredients together in a bowl to create a loose paste. She suggested using it to clean “sinks, bath, grout and PVC”. Lynsey puts a small cupful of baking soda into her fridge to “reduce fridge odours”. The cleaning expert put a scoopful of baking soda into the washing machine drum to whiten her whites. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Baking soda can also help with stain removal. Baking Soda costs £1.49 from The Range. ASDA Bicarbonate of Soda costs 55p. Arm and Hammer Baking Soda is £1.22 from Amazon. Lynsey’s post received more than 2,900 likes and a plethora of comments. Instagram user Vicky Chapman commented on the post: “I want to give the paste a try to brighten up the grout in my bathroom... thanks for the tip!”  Samantha Sellars replied: “I was going to buy some Oven Pride for my oven but will try this instead.” Helen Faulkner wrote: “I also put it in kitty litter it keeps it fresh takes away odours.” Carol Vile said: “I washed the floor with a solution of bicarbonate of soda and vinegar, plus I'm putting both in every wash.” Instagram user @busybeenanaz said: “It is one of the main ingredients in my homemade laundry detergent.”