Alison Hammond has made headlines recently as she was nominated for a BAFTA in the entertainment performance category. But the presenter has also wowed fans with her recent weight loss as she showed off her slim figure in a new social media post. Alison, 47, shared a new photo on Instagram yesterday, which was immediately inundated with likes and comments. Fans of the presenter were quick to comment on how good and slim she looked. Instagram user kts140388 said: “Looking so slim, just fabulous.” User colliermel1874 wrote: “You look amazing and you lost weight Alison you are a beautiful person inside and out.” READ MORE: Weight loss: Best bread to eat when on a diet Caroline Ashton commented: “You’re looking fabulous Alison. You look like you’ve lost weight.” Marie Boissieux said: “You look absolutely beautiful! Great outfit.” Christine Drury wrote: “You’re looking great, what diet are you doing, it’s working.” User rosey_m61 added: “The weight is clearly coming off. You look amazing. Keep up the good work to inspire others.” DON'T MISS:Intermittent fasting can produce ‘significant weight loss’ - diet plan [TIPS]Michael Mosley on the ‘foods we should be eating’ for weight loss [EXPERT]Emotional eating: Nutritionist shares how to curb 'crazy cravings' [INSIGHT] Alison’s main motivator to lose weight was her mother’s health – she suffered from diabetes and died in February 2020 from liver and lung cancer. Alison herself was diagnosed with a pre-diabetic condition in 2020, which pushed her to change her habits. She said: “I’ve never had health issues until then. It scared me because my mum had diabetes and I want to be there for my son. “I go for walks and I cut out sugar. I feel a lot better. I'm not weighing myself, because you feel it in your clothes. “I’m no longer pre-diabetic, and I'm doing really well. “I’ve been doing that for a while now, and you know something? I feel fitter, I feel stronger. I might not look perfect yet, but personally, I’m perfect, full stop!” Alison was 20 stone at her heaviest and, feeling “embarrassed” by it, she decided she wanted to lose weight. A personal trainer helped the presenter kick start her weight loss journey, but she also made easy changes to her diet. Alison joined weight loss group Weight Watchers, revealing on social media in 2019: “This is something I wanted to achieve for a long time and I haven’t managed it on my own, so I went to my local workshop and met my lovely Wellness Coach Andrea and the rest is history! “I’m falling in love with the journey and hope you will support me as much as you can.” She added: “I know this may sound a bit corny but I’m so happy doing @ww.uk as it’s given me the confidence to just embrace myself fully. “I never really liked my face without make-up as I have dark patches but now I’m totally loving myself and falling in love with me while I’m away on holiday. “I don’t have to have make-up to be beautiful because I’m beautiful full stop. Yes! Please join my crusade of loving yourself!” Speaking about the changes she made to her lifestyle, Alison said: “One [thing I have changed] is drinking more water. “I didn’t realise that often when I used to snack, it was because I was thirsty. I try to get through at least two litres of water every day now and that makes me feel so much better. “Secondly, I’m doing a bit more exercise. I now have a personal trainer and he’s amazing. I work at my own pace – we do circuits and I absolutely love it,” the TV personality added.