Bleach is often a staple ingredient for tough household cleaning chores, tackling everything from stubborn limescale stains to filthy toilets. While there are few things that bleach can clean, it turns out that this germ-fighting agent could be doing more harm than good in homes. From utensils to worktops, there are certain kitchen items homeowners should never clean with bleach. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Nick Woodward, Director of Lettings at Essential Living has shared four kitchen areas to avoid cleaning using bleach. He explained that bleach should never be used to clean kitchen utensils as it “can be toxic”, despite it being advertised to do so. Nick said: “You should never use bleach to clean or sanitise kitchen utensils as it is chemically too strong, and can be toxic. “This can lead to contamination of your food, which is extremely dangerous if ingested. “Whilst bleach is often used in commercial production to sanitise food utensils, it’s not recommended for use at home.” READ MORE: Spring cleaning: Why you should ditch the bleach for good Wooden kitchen tables must also never be treated with bleach, as it can weaken the structure. Nick explained: “Wood is a porous material and if bleach is used on it it can stain and warp the wood. “So if you have a wooden kitchen table that has stubborn stains, the last thing you want to do is try to clean it with bleach.” However, the cleaning expert did note that there are certain bleaches that are designed to clean woods including oak, beech, ash, and gum. Nick added: “Varieties like poplar and pine are already so light that removing further natural wood colour will render them bland and lifeless. DON'T MISS:Energy bills: ‘Fantastic’ hack to keep the home heated for less [TIPS]Baking soda hacks: The ‘cheap’ solution to clean kitchen appliances [EXPERT]Garden pests: Mrs Hinch fans share how to get rid of ants [COMMENT] “Others, like cedar, redwood, rosewood, and cherry also don’t take bleach well.” Generally, avoid using bleach on your butcher blocks, work-tops, wooden tables and cutting boards in the kitchen. To naturally treat stains and sanitise wood items, use lemon juice or baking soda and water. Surprisingly, bleach can also be dangerous when poured down a drain, particularly for those who have a septic tank. Nick explained: “This is because it kills beneficial bacteria that helps to break down your septic waste. “Whilst your septic tank clogging up will destroy the effectiveness of your system, pouring more bleach down the drain will only do further damage. “Don’t mix bleach with other chemicals, as it can pollute the air you are breathing as well as burst your drain pipes.” The high-quality finish of granite and marble worktops is unmatched, but using bleach to clean them could compromise their luxurious appearance. The cleaning expert said: “Granite and marble have a porous surface that can be chemically changed or damaged if bleach is used for tackling stubborn stains. “Marble is made of calcium carbonate, which reacts with acidic and alkaline substances like bleach, so when the reaction happens it will instantly corrode and eat away the marble, destroying the polished layer on the surface.” Nick suggested keeping it simple when cleaning marble or granite worktops. He said: “A better option for cleaning these types of surfaces is simply using warm soapy water as a cleaning agent instead.” What’s more homeowners can use white vinegar and water to spritz their surfaces with. To mask the vinegar scent, use lemon juice or an essential oil spray and finish with an antibacterial cleanser. As well as bleach, Britons should always avoid using abrasive substances like baking soda or salt to treat stubborn dirt on granite and marble countertops.