 Nancy Connolly, a senior news reporter at Somerset Live, told of her frustration at being fined £100 even though she only stopped for two minutes. She wanted to warn drivers of the charges, especially since her flight only cost £20, compared to the hefty fine. Thousands of people are expected to travel this Easter, with many looking to go abroad after most coronavirus restrictions were eased. She claimed there were “cameras everywhere” and hefty fines on offer if anyone stops their car. The car parks at Bristol Airport are operated by an outside company called Vehicle Control Services, which Nancy said “mean business”. Nancy was travelling to her hometown of Dublin for a long-awaited family get together following the death of her mother during the Covid-19 lockdown. READ MORE: Driver who queued for 17 minutes to pay for parking gets fined £270  It was the first time she and her family could have a celebration and family meal. She said her friend had offered to drop her off at the airport at around 11am on Saturday, March 19, because her flight was at lunchtime. The two travelled in Nancy’s car so she drove to the airport from her home in Bath. She continued, saying: “When we got to the entrance I stopped to hand over the driving to my friend, I got out of the car briefly so she could take over and that's when the cameras spotted me. DON'T MISSGB News guest claims electric car 'broke after a few months' [SHOCKING]More than half of all new cars in the UK should be electric by 2028 [INSIGHT]Highway Code: Calls to end loophole which allows cyclists to use phone [WARNING]  “And if I'm being honest I was trying to avoid the fee for just dropping off, we are all human. “Wrong move. I was fined £100 right there, what's worse is that my flight was only £20.” She was fined for “stopping in a zone where stopping is prohibited”. For the short stay and pick up car park, drivers are charged £5 for stopping less than 20 minutes, with a 60 minute stay setting drivers back £10.  The drop and go car park is designed for stays of up to £10, with prices starting from £5 for 10 minutes. She recounted the past when drivers could pull up outside an airport terminal and drop someone off without being fined. Nancy gave a final warning to other drivers, saying:  “I get it, I was wrong to stop where I did, or to stop at all, and there are signs. It is just good to be forewarned as the charges are very heavy. “We appreciate the airport needs to make money after the pandemic which was devastating to its business.  “I just want to warn people who may not have travelled in a while there are big changes afoot in the friendly little airport where it was always such a joy to begin your holiday. “So don't stop, even for a minute or two. You are on camera and they are watching you.” Bristol Airport is one of countless airports who have been hit with numerous cancellations in the past few days. It is believed that flights to Amsterdam, Bordeaux, Olbia and Mahon from Bristol Airport have been cancelled. Express.co.uk has contacted Bristol Airport and Vehicle Control Services for a comment.