Kate Middleton grew up in a red-brick Victorian property in Berkshire. This was where Michael and Carole Middleton raised their three children, Kate, Pippa and James. The driveway of the home led to a red brick, Victorian home. The estate agent, Dudley Singleton said in 2011: “It looks a bit lopsided, doesn’t it? “Ages ago, someone sold off the right-hand bit of the house and hid it behind a hedge. “But at first a lot of people still think it’s one house —so that’s a bonus as far as selling it goes. “And there’s a lovely back garden — properly dog-proofed and very mature, though not quite big enough for landing a Chinook helicopter. READ MORE: Prince William 'felt Meghan and Harry blindsided the Queen' “And there’s a pub called the Queen’s Head at the end of the road — now, that couldn’t be more appropriate, could it?” This describes the four-bedroom semi which Michael and Carole Middleton bought in 1979 for £34,700. It was where the Duchess of Cambridge lived until she was 13. According to Dudley, it is: “A late-Victorian period house of immense charm with original pine doors throughout, a modern kitchen, NEFF double oven and hob unit and full oil-fired central heating.” Two doors down was Bradfield Church of England primary school, where the Duchess went to school until she was eight. Around the corner was St Andrew’s Church, where Kate, Pippa and their younger brother James were all christened. What is the home like inside? The kitchen was a small, sloped-roofed cream-and-black affair with no room for a table and chairs  According to Dudley, it is “pretty much the same” as when Kate lived here. In terms of the living room, Dudley said: “They had a wood-burning stove in the fireplace and a big table where the youngsters did their drawing and all that. “Next door is the front sitting room which was kept as a bit of grown-up sanity for Mike and Carole when the children went to bed.” Upstairs, there was a basic bathroom and two small bedrooms on the first floor.  “The bigger one was Kate’s and the smaller one at the front was Carole and Mike’s. “Maybe they had a premonition she would get somewhere in life?” he joked. There were also two small sloped-ceiling rooms in the eaves. “Kate started off in this one, but then moved downstairs when Pippa and later James were born,” Dudley said. The Middletons sold the home in 1995 for £158,000. 