Brits driving in Spain during their holidays could face massive fines if they do not adhere to Spanish driving lawsThere are several common mistakes that motorists could make while enjoying their time away.These include: driving in flip-flops or barefooted, driving without a shirt on, and throwing a cigarette out a window. The removal of almost every pandemic measure for British tourists has seen millions take flight in recent months, with even more expected during the summer holidays. Tourist hotspots are to welcome back travellers in their droves, with easyJet data claiming more than 30 percent of Britons are planning a holiday in Spain this year. And if drivers are planning on driving abroad, they are encouraged to learn the local laws to avoid potentially hefty fines. Getting in trouble with the Guardia Civil is not something drivers will want during a nice family holiday. READ MORE: Fuel shortages to blame for ‘widespread disruption’ across the UK Here is a list of the most common reasons British motorists are fined while driving in Spain. Driving in flip-flops or barefooted: It might be gloriously sunny outside, but when driving in Spain drivers must wear appropriate footwear. If police deem driver’s footwear inappropriate, they can be fined €200 on the spot. DON'T MISS Motorist fuming after Asda driver reversed into car before driving off [SHOCKING] Driver fined £200 after calling French traffic warden ‘immigrant’ [REVEAL]Drivers turn to electric vehicles amid soaring fuel prices [INSIGHT] Driving without a shirt: If caught driving without a shirt, drivers can be handed a fine of €100. This is because not only can it be distracting for other drivers, but if the seatbelt is needed in the case of a collision, motorists can cause serious skin damage. If anyone in the car is caught without a seatbelt on, drivers will also face a €200 fine. Driving with an arm out of the window: Driving with an arm or hand outside of the window is forbidden and punishable with a €100 fine. It is deemed dangerous for drivers, passengers, and other road users  Washing car on a public road: If found to be cleaning a car with soap and water on a public street, drivers may be given a whopping €3,000 fine, because it can make the road dangerous for others. However, motorists are more likely to be cautioned and/or receive a smaller fine under €100.  Throwing cigarettes out of windows: This is both littering and taking a hand off the wheel, but also hugely dangerous in an often dry country like Spain. Cigarette butts have been known to start devastating wildfires. Drivers will be fined €200and could receive four points on their license.  Eating ice cream while driving: This comes under driving while distracted and taking one hand off the wheel for a prolonged period. It is dangerous and is punished as such. Drivers may be fined €100 to €200 and see two points put on their license.  Overfilling car: If more passengers are in a car than the vehicle has seats, drivers will be fined anything from €80 to €200 depending on the excess of occupants. The car will likely be “immobilised” and alternative travel arrangements will have to be made.