Jurgen Klopp has the perfect chance to bury his demons from Liverpool's infamous 2020 FA Cup campaign in the Reds semi-final this weekend. Klopp's side take on Premier League title rivals Manchester City at Wembley, hoping to book their place in their first final in the competition since 2012. The German has never before reached this stage of England's premier domestic cup competition, with a fifth round defeat to Chelsea in 2020 being the furthest they have gone. But it was a game earlier in that season's competition that caused huge uproar. Liverpool faced Shrewsbury Town in the fourth round but drew 2-2, forcing the tie into a replay. That replay was scheduled to take place during the Premier League's January break and Klopp refused to pull his first-team squad off their holidays, instead sending the under-23s in their place. That decision provoked widespread condemnation from across football with many furious at Klopp showing such disrespect towards the competition. Reds cult hero Peter Crouch was one of those who believed Klopp had made the wrong move. READ MORE: Darwin Nunez responds to Jurgen Klopp after scoring against Liverpool “Players need to be looked after and Klopp is right to make a point of highlighting the problem of having replays scheduled during the winter break. The planners have made a mistake and they need to work together to correct it," Crouch told the Daily Mail in 2020. “But, at the same time, Klopp has unfortunately caused himself an unwanted distraction at the wrong time by saying that he will not be at Anfield for Shrewsbury’s visit. If I am honest, it is a little bit disrespectful to the League One team. This might be the only time Sam Ricketts manages at Anfield. It could be the only occasion some of his players step out in the stadium." DON'T MISS: Neville proven right over 'world-class' Thiago claims after slow start (INSIGHT)Liverpool and Spurs told Darwin Nunez 'nowhere near finished article' (TRANSFERS)Diaz fumes at Liverpool team-mate Firmino after howler vs Benfica (NEWS) Having crashed out in the fourth round to Manchester United last season, Saturday's clash with City gives the chance for Klopp to exorcise his demons from two years ago. A much-changed line-up against Benfica on Wednesday suggests Klopp will field a strong team at Wembley. If he does indeed name a team full of his best stars, it would go a long way to fighting back against the critics who brand him as "disrespectful" towards the FA Cup. A win over City on Saturday will also keep Liverpool's bid for a quadruple on track, yet more incentive for Klopp to bury his Shrewsbury demons.