PIP is designed to help people with physical disabilities or health conditions. As millions of Britons struggle to find the extra money to pay soaring bills, people are being reminded to check they are receiving all the help the benefits they are entitled to. People with a long-term illness, disability or mental health condition are being encouraged to see if they qualify for PIP. PIP is a disability benefit paid by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) to anyone under state pension age who has trouble carrying out certain tasks. It could be worth £627 a month depending on how someone’s condition affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Everyday tasks include things like washing, dressing and making decisions about money.  READ MORE: Universal Credit will replace six key benefits - are you affected? In comparison, the mobility component’s rates have jumped from £62.55 to £64.50 for enhanced, and £23.70 to £24.45 for standard. Some PIP applicants are able to claim both the daily living and mobility components of the disability payment. If someone were to claim the enhanced rate of both components, they would receive £156.90 a week. People living with one of 21 musculoskeletal conditions could be able to get these weekly payments to help with day to day activities, although eligibility is down to how condition affects a person, not the condition itself. Musculoskeletal conditions are injuries and disorders that affect the human body’s movement or musculoskeletal system such as muscles, tendons, ligaments, nerves, discs and blood vessels. Arthritis is a general term that refers to many of these different conditions. Some common musculoskeletal conditions include osteoarthritis, back pain, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, osteoporosis, gout, polymyalgia rheumatica, lupus and ankylosing spondylitis. PIP is not means tested, so it’s worth applying even if someone is still working or has savings. Painful joints are one of the 19 health conditions that could result in eligibility for PIP which could add up to £627 a month. The DWP can award PIP claimants between £97.80 and £627.60 every four weeks. How to ClaimBritons can call the PIP new claims phone line on 0800 917 2222 They will need to give the following information: Britons can start a claim by post instead, but may take longer to get a decision. Some people may be invited to an assessment with a health professional if more information is needed. They’ll ask about: They might ask someone to do some simple movements to show how they manage some activities.