Royal author Robert Jobson has written ‘William at 40: The Making of a Modern Monarch’ which divulges background information surrounding the decision of the Queen and Prince Charles to strip Prince Andrew of his titles and patronages. The Duke of York was stripped of these honours and the HRH style over the civil case with Virginia Giuffre over allegations of sexual assault that he vehemently denies.  The case concluded in an out of court settlement which was not an admission of guilt by Andrew. Mr Jobson claims in the new book that the decision to strip Andrew of his privileges was a challenge for the monarch and Prince Charles. A source told Jobson: “The decision over the Duke of York was very difficult for the Queen and the Prince of Wales. “They were obviously closer to Andrew than his nephew.  “He could evaluate just how damaging his uncle was to the long-term future of the Monarchy.” He added that William helped the royals by being “able to take the emotion out of the situation”. The book, which has had instalments published in the Mail on Sunday, states that as the case progressed to the point of a potential trial William went “straight” to the Queen. The Duke of Cambridge told the Queen “calmly and clearly that Andrew’s role in the Royal Family had become untenable.” READ MORE: Putin 'paralysed with fear' as 2000 disaster changed approach forever Another source told the author: “There will be no public role or comeback for York, if the Duke of Cambridge has any input on the matter – and let me assure you, he does. “He should be banished, as far as Prince William is concerned.” The Duke of York shocked royal fans last month as he escorted the Queen to her seat at Prince Philip’s thanksgiving service at Westminster Abbey, in a move that frustrated other members of the Firm. Reportedly the last-minute decision for Andrew to accompany the Queen was thought of as “simply unnecessary” and allegedly provoked Prince Harry to make his remark about “protecting” the Queen. DON'T MISS: POLL: Does Brexit mean we're finally in control of our borders? (POLL)Queen makes 'misstep' over Harry and Meghan, claims Jane Moore (INSIGHT)Russia's 'only oil pipeline to EU' in flames - 3 countries face crisis (REVEAL)  William at 40 also reveals that the prince has a temper and “a notably short fuse” that can at times be tricky to manage in private, much like his brother and late mother Princess Diana. The author wrote that the future King “can be a bit of a shouter” and his temper “can blow up at any time” over issues surrounding his family and when he is frustrated. The Palace has made no comment about the claims in the soon to be released biography. 