Plants make a garden, so when considering the planting for your garden think about what it is you want to achieve, what colours you’d like to use, what shapes and how much time you want to spend in the garden, both actively gardening and passively enjoying the garden. I recommend that you sit in the garden and watch how the sun moves across it. I’d also suggest that you pop along to the garden centre and buy a soil test kit. This is inexpensive, very simple to use and will tell you whether you have acidic, neutral or alkaline soils. It’s essential to undertake several soil tests around your garden as you’ll probably find variances from one area to another. Use the colour wheel, where colours next to or nearby a single colour will blend effortlessly, while colours on opposite sides of the wheel will be in complete contrast to each other, or for some will clash terribly. But if you enjoy clashing colours then go with it. Bright colours like red, orange and yellow will enliven you while pastels such as pinks, blues and whites will soothe you. If you want to make a garden look longer use brighter colours nearer the house and cooler shades further away. This will give the illusion of depth. READ MORE: 'Shade-loving' plants to sow in your garden now according to Gardeners' World's Mark Lane  Whenever I put a planting scheme together, I think of seven main principles. Mark's seven principles: By following these seven principles you can start combining plants. It’s great to have different shapes and textures flowing through the garden and don’t be afraid to use taller plants close to the front. Aim for a good mix of mounds and spires. DON'T MISSStart treating your lawns in the next two weeks [EXPERT] Gardening guru's guide to dealing with slugs after pellet ban [INSIGHT] 'Allow it to breathe': Lawn care pro says 'scarify' the garden [TIPS]  Plants such as Verbena bonariensis, Anethum graveolens, Ridolfia segetum, Rudbeckia triloba ‘Prairie Glow’ are great tall plants to have near the front as they’ve a fairly open habit, so you look through them to the rest of the planting. The same goes for ornamental grasses, such as Miscanthus sinensis ‘Morning Light’ and Calamagrostis brachytricha. Look closely at the colour of plants and mix accordingly, for example the purple/red branches of Stachyurus praecox, pick up the purple in Cardamine pratensis or Erysimum ‘Plant World Lemon’. Also, the deep shades of Loropetalum chinense var rubrum ‘Fire Dance’ work brilliantly with Anemone coronaria ‘Bordeaux’ and Fritillaria persica. For texture, ferns are a great choice of plant coming in varied shapes and sizes. Plant some next to the ‘woolly’ leaves of Stachys byzantina ‘Big Ears’, and the filigree leaves of Selinum wallichianum and you’ll want to go out and rub your palms across the different textures and feel them between your fingers. Every plant has an optimum height and spread, so consider this when planting. If the label on the plant reads "40cm spread", space them around 30cm apart. This way they’ll blend into each other beautifully creating a larger-looking plant. It also means that weeds will be kept down to a minimum as the merging plants will block out any light to the likes of common daisy, dandelion and white clover. Remember though that some weeds are great for pollinators. When it comes to the height of a plant you can, of course, cut back some perennials the third week of May, around RHS Chelsea Flower Show, known as the ‘Chelsea chop’ to prolong flowering. Good examples are phlox, aster, achillea and echinacea. The flowers will not be as high as those left uncut, but the variance in height gives a much more naturalistic feel to the garden. Shrubs can be pruned to size, but if it’s a flowering shrub ensure you don’t cut off the flowering branches by mistake. Most borders have a back and a front, but if you’ve a border in the middle of the garden or a large pot then you’ll need to think a little differently. A lot of the time, people will place shrubs and trees in the centre, with a cascading effect to the lower plants at the front, but this can block views through a border and make it feel static and heavy. Play around with the plants and think how the border will look from a seated position, from a standing position, from a lying down position, and if viewed from an upstairs window an aerial position. A shrub might look in the right place from ground level, but when you view it from above you might want to move it closer or further away. The wonderful thing about gardening is that it’s ever-changing. If a plant doesn’t look right in a particular position, then dig it up and replant it elsewhere.