Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has been urged to change his ways and hand Antonio Conte the funds that can help the club compete for the Premier League title. Jermaine Jenas believes his former club are capable of challenging but only if Conte is allowed to bring in the right players. Levy has earned a reputation for being stringent with transfer funds over the past years and was criticised for failing to hand Mauricio Pochettino the funds to strengthen when Spurs were title challengers. And Jenas, working as a pundit for BT Sport, says Levy cannot afford to miss the opportunity again with a coach like Conte. "If they give him what they want, they’ll have the ability to win a league,” he said. “If he doesn’t get it, there’s no chance. For Tottenham fans, there’s nothing that’s happening in the past that will make you think he will.” Spurs have won six of their last seven games in the Premier League to climb into fourth place in the Premier League, with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min starring together along with recent signing Dejan Kulusevski. READ MORE: Tottenham face 'lots' of competitors in Bremer transfer battle The north London outfit have scored 21 goals in their last six matches, highlighting a remarkable turnaround from earlier in the season when they struggled to create chances under Nuno Espirito Santo, who was sacked after only 124 days in charge. Jenas believes that Conte’s hard work on the training ground is paying dividends after improving the squad’s fitness: “Once they got their fitness levels up and able to play his type of football, we started to see the results and now we’re seeing a team who understand their manager,” he added. Conte has shown in the past he can take underachieving teams and turn them into title winners, having won the Premier League with Chelsea the season after they finished 10th. He also guided Inter Milan to their first Scudetto in a decade last season before resigning over transfer disagreements, but laid out his plans for more success with Tottenham. DON'T MISSTottenham 'very hopeful' of beating Man Utd to Johnstone transferTottenham 'scouts watch Lens pair worth £25m' as Conte eyes transfersNewcastle plan 'significant' Eriksen offer to beat Spurs and Brentford “The path in front of us is long,” Conte said in February. “It’s important to understand this … that we want to start to go on this path. "I don’t like [it] if you ask me about the race for the Champions League. My ambition is to win the league, not to go to the Champions League. My ambition is to be competitive, to fight to win.” Spurs fans will be wary of the same scenario happening again after Conte was understood to be on the verge of walking out, before Levy and sporting director Fabio Paratici negotiated last-minute deals to sign Kulusevski and Rodrigo Bentancur from Juventus. Given the success the pair have had since arriving, Levy may feel inclined to back Conte again in the summer transfer window.