The relegation of rich, varied British accents to the history books has been a noticeable trend for some decades. The Government’s decision to lock the country down in response to Covid has boosted this process, a new report has found. New analysis by Ofsted of the impact of lockdown on children and attempts by schools to recover from this produced many worrying findings, including the increasing levels of anxiety among young and even older children who, after having spent almost two years in social isolation, are struggling with the process of making friends. Language development has been stunted greatly and some schools, the report notes, “have noticed that children have limited vocabulary or lack the confidence to speak”. Children missing out on hearing stories, singing and simply having conversations has handed further influencing power to TV, films and social media. Ofsted reports: “One provider commented that children appear to have spent more time on screens and ave started to speak in accents and voices that resemble the material they have watched.” A teacher trainer based in the Midlands told Express.co.uk many pupils “always play using American accents”, having likely spent a lot of time watching American films, series and content by online ‘influencers’ rather than socialising during lockdown. They added: “I noticed that they make a lot of references in their work to things they've watched. So if you asked them to write a sentence, they'd often include a character they've watched or, a lot of the time, YouTubers.” With children receiving technological devices at younger and younger ages, and data suggesting fewer parents reading to their young ones as time goes on, the role of social media in shaping emerging generations is growing, and fast. Polling conducted by YouGov last year showed that half of Britons think parents and carers should prevent children from spending too much time in front of screens. Yet the opportunities for children to spend more time using devices are going up, not down. READ MORE: Rejoin fearmongeriong over Brexit causing cost crisis torn down More than three-quarters of children own a smart phone (as opposed to a regular text-call only phone) by the time they arrive at secondary school (aged 11), the polling suggested, handing them access to hundreds of thousands of apps and endless hours of online video content. The Midlands-based teacher trainer told Express.co.uk “the children are all obsessed with [social media app] TikTok”. They added: “They constantly refer to TikTok videos and rehearsed the daces [they saw on the app].” Just shy of a quarter of children aged just nine also own a smart phone, according to the polling, as well as 44 percent of those aged 10. Ten percent of six year olds also own or have access to a smart phone. At the same age, 85 percent of children say they have access to a tablet at home, and 40 percent have their own, on which they are perhaps more likely to watch films and series (often American) on platforms including Netflix and Prime Video. DON'T MISS: Boris urged to cut the ‘soundbites’ and focus on action [OPINION] Tory civil war erupts as Scottish Conservatives REFUSE to back Boris [REPORT] Prince Andrew legal settlement with Giuffre 'will have been millions' [REVEAL] Many schools have even taken to offering tablets to new-starters in a bid to improve intake. These are, of course, intended for educational use, but are often used for other purposes by tech-savvy children who manage to curve any restrictions set by the school. Schools are also increasingly relying on technology to communicate with parents, rather than lead by example away from the digital sphere and towards reality. Apps, according to Ofsted, “have become the main method of communication between parents and providers”. It added: “Some providers said they were using apps to replace physical records about children that they would previously have given to parents. Apps were used to monitor progress, complete observations and upload images to share with parents. Parents received an abundance of information through digital methods and platforms from providers.” The Ofsted report revealed a host of other lockdown impacts, including increases in the number of children unable to put on their coats or go to the toilet unaccompanied. More children, including older children, are “unsettled” when they are dropped off at school, some providers reported, given the novelty of the occurrence – and anxiety around interacting with other children – following long stretches of lockdowns. This is made all the worse by the finding schools are finding it increasingly difficult to retain high-quality staff, and are being forced to focus on the basics that are not being covered at home, meaning less time on the topics which are usually prioritised.