The genuine refugee crisis this has caused is something Europe has not experienced since the Second World War and millions have been forced to leave their homes. We are delighted that Boris Johnson has given his backing to a new initiative by the Daily Express to provide an online hub for Ukrainian refugees coming to this country. There has been a lot of nonsense spouted in recent weeks about the Prime Minister and his Government being heartless, but in his video produced for the Express website, Mr Johnson proves he cares. That, of course, should never have been in doubt considering he has led the way on ensuring Ukraine gets the financial and military aid it requires and pushing other Western countries into imposing the harsh sanctions regime on Russia. We at the Daily Express feel that in a genuine refugee crisis it is important everybody does their bit to help people most in need. This is why the new online hub will provide a single point for Ukrainians to find help and advice on issues such as health and housing to ensure that their stay here is as comfortable as possible. Many Express readers have given generously to the Ukraine fund and we are proud to join them in trying to do our part in pulling together in this terrible episode. THE REVELATION that Covid infections have gone up to almost 5 million is a reminder that this awful disease has not gone away, nor will it. The good news though is that hospital cases remain relatively low, which is evidence we are learning to live with Covid as we do with flu or the common cold. But it is important that everyone remains sensible about tackling this disease. So those with infections are best off remaining at home and not seeing their vulnerable relatives. Given time and the continued vaccine rollout there is a strong possibility that the worst of the crisis will soon disappear into our past. THE COST of living crisis may be hurting us all in energy bills, inflation and tax rises but it seems one thing Britons do not intend to give up is a holiday abroad. Millions plan to head to Spain, Greece, Turkey and other tourist hotspots – with the emphasis on hot. After getting away over the summer was wrecked by two years of lockdowns and restrictions, people rightly feel they have earned their break and days in the sun.