Tiger Woods was caught on camera limping out of an interview after his "awful" third-round 78 at The Masters. The American icon has been playing through the pain and struggled on Saturday with a six-over-par round which left him well off the lead. Woods came into the event admitting he lives with pain "each and every day" and the effects of so much walking on the course is clearly taking a toll on his body. Woods has done remarkably well to even be competing at Augusta. This is his first competitive golf event since a serious car crash in February 2021 which almost required him to have his leg amputated. The crash left him with open fractures of the tibia and fibula in his right leg, which has had metal rods, plates, pins and screws fitted to it. The 15-time major champion went round the course brilliantly on Thursday despite that and carded a one-under 71 to the delight of the golfing world. However he could only manage a two-over-par 74 in his second round. He was then six over par on Saturday, which represented the worst Masters round of his career after seven bogeys or worse, to stand at seven-over overall. And Woods, a five-time Masters winner, was clearly in pain after shooting 54 holes. He could be seen heavily hobbling out of shot after an interview with Cara Banks. During the interview, the 46-year-old admitted: "Yesterday starting out was more difficult today but today was just constant. It was a lot cooler, the ball wasn't travelling as far, we were getting gusts [of wind]. "It was tough. Tough all around. There are a few good scores out there. If you play well, you can shoot a good score. But what we're talking about out there today, it seems they've put the pins one step more difficult than normal. "They're in the same spots but just one step more difficult. Some of our lines and our reads that we have in our books were just a little bit off, a little bit more difficult. "I am not where I want to be. I need to shoot a low one tomorrow. I would really like to shoot something in the 60s and come out here on a positive note. "Today wasn't a very good day. I didn't really hit the ball that bad but my putting was awful. The four three-putts and a four-putt, that was just awful. I don't think I have had many days, if any days, like that on the greens." He added of leader and world No 1 Scottie Scheffler, who was one-under on Saturday to sit at nine-under overall: "He's doing what he needs to do. He's taking advantage of his length and his strength. He's been on a roll right now for the last few months. "He's just continued it. It's kind of like what Fred [Couples] did in '92 right. He was on a run through the West Coast through Florida and into the Masters and he won Bay Hill by nine that year and then the Masters. It's kind of a similar thing. "You get on these hot streaks for a couple of months and you hope a major falls somewhere in there so you can take advantage of it. He's taking advantage of it this week and doing what he needs to do." Woods had admitted before the Masters of putting up with the pain of his injuries: "It's up to me to endure the pain. But I felt like I could still do this. I don't know how many more years I can do this."