Cristiano Ronaldo is "adding insult to injury" by inviting an Everton supporter to a Manchester United game, claims former Crystal Palace chairman Simon Jordan. Merseyside Police are investigating an incident following Saturday's match between Everton and United where Ronaldo appeared to slap a phone out of a fan's hand. The Portugal superstar apologised for the outburst on social media later in the evening. He said he would "like to invite this supporter to watch a game at Old Trafford as a sign of fair-play and sportsmanship." However, with United struggling on the pitch, Jordan joked that it is not an attractive invite right now. He said on talkSPORT: “That’s just adding insult to injury, because who would want to do that? “That’s a punishment!” United lost 1-0 on Saturday as Everton gained a vital three points in their fight to stay in the Premier League. READ MORE: Antonio Conte using same Romelu Lukaku trick on Dejan Kulusevski with two things banned  Jordan believes Ronaldo should replace the supporter's phone but said calling it an "assault" is one step too far. He added: “He should absolutely apologise. "He should buy the kid a new phone. These are things you should want to do, because, ultimately, you have behaved badly for a moment. “But, to take it to an assault, and take it up the gears and take it into some idea that football players are bringing the game into disrepute, I think it is stretching it a little bit. This is a player who has reacted poorly, who probably did not even focus on what he was doing, probably just pushed it away, and ultimately what has happened is a kid’s phone has been pushed on to the floor. DON'T MISSChelsea's expected XI to launch heroic Real Madrid comeback with Timo Werner snubbed [TEAM NEWS]Arsenal chief Edu left with egg on his face after double Kulusevski mistake [OPINION]Dele Alli struggles blamed on Everton as Neil Warnock makes wild transfer claim [QUOTES]  “There is no excuse where someone as iconic in people’s minds [should do something like this]. This is someone so used to this that he should be able to rise above it. “What was it really? It was a stupid and petulant act, did he mean to do what he did, he was it a lash out without really thinking? Did he know it was a child? “He knocked a kid’s phone out of his hand, it’s unacceptable behaviour and he should be consequenced, reprimanded, I think he should apologise to the kid and replace his property. But when we start elevating to assault… I think that diminishes what assault actually is.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here