Whether they're glamorous at a royal engagement or snapped on their days off looking casual with their loved ones, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie always look stylish. Personal Stylist and Image Coach Melissa Lund spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about who influenced the sisters' style, what they do well when it comes to fashion - and how they could improve. Melissa began by explaining that styles can be broken up into different categories. She said: "We usually place people in the following seven categories: Classic, Dramatic, Sporty, Euro chic, Gamine, Boho and Romantic." As for Beatrice and Eugenie, Melissa would classify the stylish Princesses as "classic with a smidge of dramatic". She elaborated: "A classic dresser will choose understated, elegant pieces such as a fitted blazer, pencil skirt or fit and flare dress. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice & Sienna seen heading to St James's Palace - inside "If she wants to add interest she can add some drama with stand out accessories and jewellery, high heels and some bold colour." Melissa added: "A true dramatic dresser will go for really sharp tailoring, sharp shoulders and super high heels and the look is sophisticated and urbane: every element of her look will be amped up." As for what inspires the choices between Beatrice and Eugenie's outfits, Melissa spotted some "1950s" influence: "It’s all about the waist, which is good for Beatrice and Eugenie." She commended their use of "basic shapes" when it comes to their style. However, when asked if the Princesses could improve, Melissa answered: "They are getting the basic shapes right but need to remember that the devil is in the detail. "They need to keep showing off the waist and the legs but pay attention to neckline and proportions along with hem and sleeve lengths." But because both sisters always look elegant, it is difficult for even the expert to decipher who the most fashionable. However, there is one thing that Melissa can say for certain: "As with most members of the royal family, Beatrice and Eugenie favour style over being super trendy. "They mainly wear fitted skirts and dresses rather than trousers and both love a statement coat." And their best feature? "The princesses have great legs so why not show them off?" Like non-royal sisters who borrow each other's clothes, Beatrice and Eugenie have been spotted throughout the years rocking similar ensembles. Melissa said: "They are often seen together in public wearing similar outfits.