Mr Zelensky informed Polish journalists of the latest horror and said that, despite Putin's forces trying to "cover their tracks", his troops found the grave. The Russian newspaper Pravda reported the President saying: "International institutions sometimes really do act quite slowly and sometimes...people cannot be held accountable due to the lack of evidence, despite the existence of eyewitnesses, despite everyone having seen it [the crime] take place. "But they [Russian troops] also cover the evidence [of their crimes], take the mobile crematoria which Russians brought here and which they are using to burn people, to burn their dead bodies. "Despite everything, they are searching and their searches are yielding results. Imagine, so many civilians were killed that despite the fact that they [the Russians] burned [some of the corpses in mobile crematoria], another mass grave has been found in Kyiv Region with the bodies of 900 civilians, 900 people."  This is not the first time mass graves have been discovered in Ukraine. Last week, US satellite imagery revealed trenches near Mariupol that may contain as many as 9,000 civilians. Vadym Boychenko, the Mayor of Mariupol, branded the Russian actions in the city as “the new Babi Yar” - the site near Kyiv of multiple Nazi massacres in which nearly 34,000 Ukrainian Jews were killed in 1941. Petro Andryushchenko, an adviser to Boychenko, wrote on Facebook that the images amounted to “direct evidence of war crimes and attempts to cover them up”.  Mr Boychenko believes that Russian trucks collect corpses from the streets when the troops are retreating and transport them to mass graves, to hide evidence of what he called “barbaric war crimes”. The discovery in Kyiv comes as Russian shelling has once again increased in the capital. On Thursday, a missile struck a residential high-rise and another building, wounding 10 people. It came during a visit by the UN's Secretary-General and Mr Zelensky said the attack was an attempt "to humiliate" the global body. On Friday, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said he believes Putin could declare that "we are now at war with the world's Nazis and we need to mass mobilise the Russian people".