Lynda Bellingham passed away in 2014 after a battle with cancer that had been going on for more than a year. Carol McGiffin, who shared the screen with Lynda as part of the Loose Women panel, was also diagnosed with cancer while the actress was in the final moments of her life. Speaking to presenter Kate Thornton on her White Wine Question Time podcast, Carol recounted wearing a wig around Lynda to avoid telling her of her cancer diagnosis. Both Kate and Carol had been invited for a brunch to “say their last goodbyes” before their friend passed away. The pair also remembered during the chat last month seeing Lynda smoke despite her long-standing disapproval of smoking. Kate asked: “Didn’t you wear a wig the last time you went we saw Lynda Bellingham?” Carol admitted: “Yes because I wasn’t going to tell her either.” Kate explained: “So Lynda Bellingham had cancer, and it ultimately took her life. “So she’d invited us to her flat to effectively say our goodbyes. We were going for what she called kind of ‘Champagne brunch’. “And I knew that you had cancer but she didn’t know and you didn’t want that to distract from the day.” Carol added: “I mean, I didn’t want to tell her because I thought she’s got enough to worry about. “And when we got there - I don’t know if you remember - she was having such a good time. “This was towards the end, so the last thing I wanted to talk to her about was cancer basically because she was having a drink and being a bit riotous.” Kate interrupted laughing as she added: “She smoked. After years of being a flipping preacher about smoking…” DON'T MISS...Ricky Gervais defies woke claims Chris Rock 'deserved' slap at Oscars [UPDATE]Dianne Buswell 'inspired' by Oti Mabuse's career ventures off Strictly [COMMENT]Naga Munchetty fires back at BBC Breakfast fan's warning over weight [LATEST] Carol interjected: “She sat by the window smoking like, ‘Oh, I’ve got nothing to lose’. “And I absolutely loved her for that.” The Loose Women regular continued: “But in the end on that day, I don’t know, I probably got pissed and I did tell her. “Do you know what she said? I went, 'Look, this hair is not mine’. “She goes, ‘I thought it looked a bit weird! What’s going on with you?’ “And I went, ‘Oh, I’ve only got it as well’. And she said, ‘Oh, not you at all’.” The beloved actress’ tragic death sparked an outpouring of grief among her fans, as well as her Loose Women co-stars. The ITV stars paid tribute to Lynda at the National Television Awards 2015 by wearing black and orange in support of Lynda's charity work with Action Against Cancer.