Coronation Street fans will know Emma Brooker (played by Alexandra Mardell) has been wracked with guilt ever since she and Faye Windass (Ellie Leach) covered up their involvement in Ted’s (Duggie Brown) death. However, when the pensioner’s grandson Jon Spear (Jordan Ford Silver) discovers the truth, will Emma’s father Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) make a huge sacrifice to protect his daughter? Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Emma star Alexandra opened up on her character’s exit from the ITV soap. In upcoming scenes, Emma’s chance of a happy ending is thwarted when Jon finds out the truth about his grandad’s death. Initially, Emma wanted to come clean but Faye convinced her otherwise to protect Craig Tinker’s (Colson Smith) career. But, when Faye and Craig realise Emma has become romantically involved with Jon, the truth subsequently comes out. During a confrontation with the newcomer, Faye blurts out the truth. Revealing Emma’s feelings about the bombshell, the actress said: “It’s a massive shock for Emma because she wanted to tell the truth from the start and she’s only been lying to protect Faye and Craig. Read more: Coronation Street theory: Gary Windass betrays Maria Connor in affair “It’s been breaking her heart and preventing her relationship so when Faye blurts it out [she thinks], ‘You waited all this time and now you’ve come clean.’ “But she's very relieved in the end because that's just what she wanted so at least it wasn't her that betrayed her friends.” However, could this confession lead to Emma and Faye finding themselves in trouble with the police? It’s clear Emma wouldn’t be tempted to lie about her involvement and once the truth is out in the open would be honest with Jon. Before Faye’s bombshell, the newcomer asks Emma to move to Australia with him but the barmaid is torn. When asked if she would be able to keep the truth hidden forever, Alexandra continued: “Oh, no, definitely not. “Especially in the past with all the lies with Curtis, she wanted a completely clean slate and then got tied into even more lies and it's just not Emma at all she’s completely honest. “She would never have been able to keep that in.” The Coronation Street star points out she loves Jon but is divided over leaving Weatherfield because of her family. She said: “In her head, it's a dream and a whirlwind and she likes the idea of it. “But maybe, in reality, knowing that she's got this big secret, and she's got a family that she's got with Steve. “It might not happen like that so it's the idea and the hope of the fairy tale but, in reality, she's thinking, ‘No, this isn't gonna happen.’” DON'T MISSCoronation Street theory: Emma Brooker pregnant as she exits with Jon [INTERVIEW]Coronation Street theory: Romantic reunion for Fiz Stape and Tyrone [THEORY]Coronation Street's Alexandra Mardell is ‘happy’ with Emma exit plot [INSIGHT] “But maybe, in reality, knowing that she's got this big secret, and she's got a family that she's got with Steve. “It might not happen like that so it's the idea and the hope of the fairy tale but, in reality, she's thinking, ‘No, this isn't gonna happen.’” Opening up on her relationship with Steve and the rest of her extended family, the soap star explains how much they all mean to Emma. “They've supported her through some difficult times now and they've had their ups and downs but, she's very family orientated and so it would be a huge decision for us to go.” If Jon takes the information to the police, Emma and Faye would need to consider their actions in regards to their future on the cobbles. Steve welcomed Emma into the family fold and would want to protect her from going to prison especially after missing out on her life growing up. Could the stalwart decide to leave with Emma as she evades prison time? Coronation Street airs on ITV on Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 8pm.