Michael Jackson is known for keeping animals at his Neverland ranch. The singing star, who died in 2009, called the park his home from 1988 until 2005. Actor Ross Kemp has gone in search of the attraction's animals as part of a new ITV documentary, but where is it? Searching For Michael Jackson’s Zoo With Ross Kemp is due to air on ITV tonight (April 27). The eye-opening documentary exposes what the animals went through while they were kept at the pop star's Neverland zoo. The actor investigates what happened to the animals, like Bubbles the chimp, after they left the ranch. He had at least 50 species including giraffes, alligators, snakes and elephants. The new documentary sees Ross attempt to track down those animals that are still alive.  READ MORE: Michael Jackson ‘hit’ monkey Bubbles ‘when he did something wrong’ Neverland is part of a developed property in Santa Barbara County, California. The exact location is 5225 Figueroa Mountain Road, Los Olivos, at the edge of the Los Padres National Forest. The ranch was originally named Zaca Laderas Ranch and it was sold to Michael Jackson in 1988. He renamed it after the fantasy island in the story of Peter Pan. He left the zoo in 2005 and never returned, but continued to own it until his death. In 2020, billionaire Ronald Burkle bought it for $22 million (£16million). As for what happened to the animals, Bubbles the chimp is now in an animal sanctuary in Florida. Tigers Thriller and Sabu lived at the ranch until 2006 when they were moved to Shambala Preserve. Sadly Thriller died in 2012. As for the Asian elephant Gypsy, it has not been revealed where Jackson's pet is. Two of Jackson’s giraffes died after they left Neverland.  DON'T MISS...Boris slaps down TalkTV's Tom in tense cost of living probe [VIDEO] Susanna Reid fumes at GP's workload moaning ‘Can't diagnose ourselves' [DISCUSSION] Paris Jackson pays tribute to Michael Jackson with body modifications [INSIGHT] Princess and Annie Sue, the remaining two, were taken to a wildlife preservation site in South Utah. The exotic birds ended up at Tommy and Freddie Hancock's foundation along with the giraffes. Some of the reptiles went to the infamous GW Zoo in Oklahoma, which was once owned by Tiger King star, Joe Exotic. Mark Biancaniello was a trainer at the ranch and he spoke out about his favourite animals in Kemp's documentary. Recalling a bear called Baloo, he said: "He ended up being about 650lbs, and almost seven feet tall. "He used to drive around in the golf cart with me, we'd go by the theatre, I’d go get him an ice cream cone. "We rode the bumper cars together. I mean, picture this: a big bumper car room, with fog machines going, Michael Jackson’s music blasting, and Baloo is sitting here right next to me in the bumper car." Marcelle Meredith, Executive Director of the NSPCA - South Africa’s equivalent of the RSPCA, also gives insight into the treatment of the animals.  Searching For Michael Jackson's Zoo With Ross Kem airs on ITV tonight (April 27) at 9pm