Antonio Conte is reportedly ready to quit Tottenham to takeover at Paris Saint-Germain with Mauricio Pochettino to be sacked 'imminently'. Just a day after PSG's Ligue 1 title was confirmed, it appears as though Pochettino is heading for the exit door at Parc des Princes.  According to French outlet Le Parisien, the PSG board want Pochettino gone and he's set to be sacked in the very near future. Winning Ligue 1 has been the minimum target for PSG managers in recent years given their dominance in French football. But after signing Lionel Messi last summer, there was added pressure for Pochettino to deliver in the Champions League. They faced a tough last-16 tie against Real Madrid, but held a two-goal lead on aggregate heading into the final 45 minutes of the second leg. However, PSG suffered an embarrassing collapse in the second half as Karim Benzema scored a hat-trick in just 17 minutes to knock the French side out of Europe. The defeat led to heavy criticism for Pochettino and it now appears as though he's set to lose his job as PSG manager. The report also adds that Tottenham boss Conte has 'offered himself' to PSG on a two-year contract. That could raise the potential of Pochettino making a sensational return to Tottenham should Conte switch to Paris. Pochettino's departure from PSG is not done yet, with a financial agreement yet to be finalised. The French champions will reportedly need to fork out around £12.6million to pay off the remainder of Pochettino's contract. Despite Conte's reported interest in the PSG job, Zinedine Zidane is said to be the preferred target. However, Zidane supposedly has his eyes on taking over the French national side once Didier Deschamps steps down.  Speaking just last month, Conte gave a strong indication that he wants to stay at Tottenham and help push the club back into the Champions League spots. "At the moment there is only one truth: I am committed to this club for another year," he said. “The club wanted this situation and I accepted it because it was good to get to know each other. After four months I think the club have understood the way I want to work and I understand the club. "We have three more months until the end of the season to continue to improve our knowledge of each other and then to find the best solution for both. I can tell you that I am enjoying working for this club and I would like to fight for something important for this club. "For sure, it is true that I would like this – to fight for the future, to fight to be competitive, to fight to win and not only to finish fourth in the league, because I repeat, that is not my ambition. My ambition is to be competitive and to fight to win [titles]. I want this and I know my heart, my soul, my mind wants these things. I hope myself and the club match each other in this situation."  