Baking soda is the go-to ingredient for household cleaning and has many uses in the garden too. This neutral powder works wonders on everything from lacklustre tomato plants, to fungal growth in the garden - and it turns out it can even be used to banish persistent weeds. While it seems there is little this simple raising agent can’t do, what is it about baking soda that makes it better than commercial weed killer? Weeds can make any garden look untidy, especially when they are left to run wild between paving slabs and amongst the green of your lawn. While strong weed killers are usually the first point of call for frustrated gardeners, the harsh chemicals can have adverse effects on local wildlife and the wider environment. Baking soda is just one of the many natural alternatives to commercial products, and there are two key reasons why it is so impressive. READ MORE: How to remove an oven door: Viral video shows how to take out glass  In the same way that baking soda is effective on delicate fabric stains, this pantry staple is also incredibly productive on weed-infested garden lawns. The natural alkaline properties of this drying ingredient makes it powerful enough to kill off growing weeds without causing adverse damage to wildlife and nearby plants. Spot-treatment is the best way to use baking soda on lawn weeds as it directs the ingredient onto the affected area, rather than spreading the powder across unaffected patches of grass. Without using any harsh chemicals, this simple substance is able to dry out the plant cells in the weeds until the growth dies off and can be pulled out. Also called sodium bicarbonate, baking soda is so effective at eliminating weeds thanks to its high salt content or ‘salinity’. When exposed to an overload of salt, weeds cannot survive, leaving the plant to become dehydrated and unable to re-grow. Once the foliage has died off above ground, the weed should be easy to remove from its root - making it even harder for the plant to return to your garden. Although an increased level of salt in soil also poses a problem for non-weed plants in the vicinity, the problem is easily corrected with a simple flush of water or heavy rainfall which can wash away the remnants of the baking soda. One of the main benefits of using commercial weed killers is that many varieties are selective herbicides, meaning that they are unable to kill-off grass and other plants when used on a large area. While this is a clear advantage, you are unlikely to find a good multi-use product for under £10 and you’ll have to head in-store to make the purchase. On the cost front, baking soda is a no-brainer when it comes to choosing between the two products, costing as little as 95p for a 500g tub on Amazon. Just one tub of baking soda could last you weeks too, so you’ll have to look no further than your kitchen cupboard for an effective weed-killing solution. Baking soda can be applied at any time of the year to get rid of weeds, and it’s as easy as sprinkling it onto the affected area. Apply the raising agent at the rate of one teaspoon per weed plant, making sure you coat the entire plant. Direct the bulk of the powder onto the stem of the weeds, and sweep into the crevices of patios and driveways. Leave the baking soda to work for around three hours before returning to the weeds and removing them either by hand or with a weeding tool.