Ferrari's Charles Leclerc was spotted with his head in his hands after making a mistake at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix that cost Ferrari a podium and saw his Drivers' Championship lead cut to 27 points by Max Verstappen. While chasing Red Bull's Sergio Perez, Leclerc spun into the wall at the Variante Alta chicane. He recovered to finish P6 after changing his front wing and returning in ninth, but missed out on valuable championship points. Verstappen had entered the race a huge 45 points behind Leclerc, winner of the previous two races, but has now slimmed that advantage considerably after his P1 finish in Italy. And Leclerc could be seen afterwards wrestling the frustrations of his error as he waited to weigh in after the race. Cameras cut to the Ferrari driver with his head in his hands as he stood in a queue to be weighed. The Monegasque admitted he got "too greedy" as he sought to chase down Perez in second. Leclerc told Sky Sports F1: "It is a big shame. I believe the spin shouldn't have happened today. P3 was the best I could do, we didn't have the pace or much more. I was too greedy. "I paid the price for it and lost seven potential points compared to the third place I was before. It is a shame. It's seven points that are valuable at the end of the championship for sure. "This shouldn't happen again. Only time will tell how much of a step Red Bull did but for sure they seemed to be more competitive than the first three races, or similar to Jeddah. "We had the upper hand in Bahrain and Australia and they had the upper hand this weekend and in Jeddah. It's very, very close and will be that way for the rest of the season. That is why every mistake counts. "The consequence of this mistake could've been much bigger, it's only seven points, but it could cost more the next time. I need to be careful." Race winner Verstappen said: "It's always tough to achieve something like that. Yesterday and the day before, we were on it and it was looking like a strong weekend. "Today, you never know with the weather how competitive you're going to be but I think as a team we did everything well and I think this one-two is well deserved." F1 returns for its inaugural race in Miami on May 8, where Leclerc will look to improve his points lead over Verstappen.