Ghislaine Maxwell is currently being held in the Metropolitan Detention Centre (MDC) in Brooklyn, New York. In December, she was found guilty of recruiting and grooming underage girls to be sexually abused by her former partner, the disgraced billionaire financier Jeffrey Epstein. She now awaits sentencing for her conviction last year and a second trial in the months to come. Ghislaine is the youngest daughter of Robert Maxwell, whose mysterious death at sea left behind conspiracy theories, financial scandal and a crumbling empire. It’s been widely speculated that she was Robert’s favourite child. The 190-foot superyacht that her father was last seen alive on was named Lady Ghislaine. Carol Bragoli, former Mirror Group secretary, said that Robert “had a different relationship with Ghislaine” than he had with his other children. She recalled working for the media mogul and hearing a peculiar conversation between him and his daughter. Ms Bragoli told the 2022 BBC Two documentary ‘House of Maxwell’ that reception had rang through to Robert’s office “and said: ‘It’s Ghislaine, Mr Maxwell.’ And he says: ‘Put her on.’ READ MORE: Putin on the backfoot after guerilla attacks “So, the next thing I hear is: ‘Meow!’ “And then he went: ‘Meow, meow!’ And she went: ‘Meow!’ “And then, this went on for, I don’t know, about ten meows, and then suddenly he said: ‘What are you doing?’ “And she said: ‘Nothing’, and I thought: ‘Yeah, that’s about right.” At one point, Ms Bragoli worked in very close quarters with Robert, meaning that she was privy to many of his telephone conversations. She explained: “[Robert] Maxwell wanted someone to work on the annual report and I was told to sit in his office, in a cupboard and it was a cupboard. The doors opened, but had a chair and a computer and I just sat there. “He was at his desk and my back was to him the whole time. “So, obviously, I heard everything, all the phone calls.” She continued: “He had many phone calls, of course, and he never, ever put the phone to his ear. DON'T MISS:Police launch urgent hunt after woman seen ‘assaulting baby' [REVEAL]Germany and Ukraine in furious war or words [REPORT]Disney woke row erupts with threat of boycott [INSIGHT] “It was always on loud speaker, because he just couldn’t be bothered to hold the phone to his ear. So, you heard everything. “And I was just there, he just forgot that I was there.” Ghislaine and her father’s relationship remained close until his sudden disappearance and subsequent death in 1991. When she joined her family at the boat in the Canary Islands, Ghislaine was reportedly “inconsolable”. Ken Lennox, then the Maxwell-owned Daily Mirror’s senior photographer, told the Guardian in 2019: “She was really, really upset. You could tell, this was ‘Daddy’s girl’. “She was inconsolable; she could hardly speak. When she saw her mother, her knees just buckled. “She was really devastated. If you look through the Maxwell files, he would take her to events: Elton John’s birthday, football matches. “She was always there, clinging on to him. She called him ‘my Daddy’ all the time.” Following Robert’s death, news emerged that £460million was missing from his companies’ pensions funds. The family’s reputation was in ruins. With her family’s empire crumbling around her, Ghislaine fled to New York. It was there she met Jeffrey Epstein and within months they were dating. While their romantic relationship was brief, their friendship and alliance endured for years. A former employee of Epstein’s Palm Beach home referred to Ghislaine Maxwell as the “lady of the house”. Juan Patricio Alessi took to the stand during Ghislaine’s trial in December 2021 and said: “I understood she [Ghislaine] was the lady of the house. She told me she was going to be the lady of the house.” Ghislaine was found guilty on five of the six charges against her. She was found not guilty of one charge: enticing a minor to travel to engage in illegal sex acts. She faces up to 65 years in prison.