The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seen arriving at the Invictus Games’ reception last night. Meghan looked ravishing in a white suit, while Harry wore a black suit with a white shirt. The couple arrived the Zuiderpark, in the south of The Hague, with some of the servicemen and women participating in the Games, who were wearing orange shirts to represent the Netherlands. One woman was holding a baby, to whom Meghan gave her coat as the weather turned colder. Body language expert Judi James commented on the Duke and Duchess’ arrival, noting how Harry walked ahead of his wife. READ MORE: Best place to live for pensioners to grow old in... and the worst She told Express.co.uk: “Harry looks so dominant in these shots, walking ahead with one hand nonchalantly slung into his pocket and paying Meghan less attention than usual as he appears as the star of his beloved Invictus Games. “There are moments when Harry looks confident and in control, with his hand over his wife’s in their clasp. “But there are also some photos where he looks drawn and rather stressed, adopting a much more serious facial expression as he chats to people in the crowd and – presumably – listens to their concerns. DON'T MISS: Easter travel chaos latest: Queues form at St. Pancras for Eurostar [UPDATE]Meghan drops Duchess title in Archetypes ‘to rebrand herself' - claim [EXPERT]Shoppers can save £250 a year by swapping 6 branded items [INSIDER] “His body language suggests that he is happy and relieved to be back with his home crowd again,” Judi added. “Under the pressure of the cameras his self-comfort touch ritual involved reaching for and fiddling with his wedding ring, suggesting he still seeks comfort and support from his family.” Harry and Meghan have not been seen in the public eye for weeks, and the couple shocked Britons yesterday as it was reported they had landed in the UK before flying on to the Netherlands. The pair had paid a visit to Harry’s grandmother, the Queen, but in secret – even senior palace officials had not been informed. The Invictus Games is an international sporting event for wounded, injured, and sick servicemen and women, both serving and veterans. It was founded by Prince Harry in 2014. This year, the Games are held in The Hague, in the Netherlands, from April 16 to April 22. Last night, Meghan chose an all-white trouser suit by Valentino for the Invictus Games’ reception. The blazer was an oversized double-breasted twill number, and is currently for sale on the Matches Fashion website for $3,400, or £2,600. Meghan’s trousers match her blazer and were also designed by Valentino. They currently retail for $1,900, or £1,450, on Matches Fashion. To complete her outfit, Meghan wore white stiletto heels and carried an ivory clutch bag with a gold chain strap. The bag was also from Valentino, while her heels were from Aquazzura. As for jewellery, Meghan wore her diamond engagement ring and her gold wedding band. She also donned Princess Diana’s gold Cartier watch.