Emmanuel Macron’s future in Elysee Palace is shrouded by uncertainty as French voters claim the “woke” Left has “abandoned’ them leaving them no choice but to turn to the Far-Right. Retired teachers Elisabeth and Georges are among a growing number of French voters who have turned their back on the far-Left to turn to far-Right.  The couple threw their support behind Left-wing firebrand Jean-Luc Mélenchon in 2017. And just five years later, they will vote for Far-Right leader Marine Le Pen. Georges pinned the blame on Mr Macron for “widening social inequalities” in France as he called for his nation to “get rid” of him.  He told the Daily Telegraph: “We want to get rid of Macron, we can’t stand him. Five years of policies that have favoured the rich, of widening social inequalities in France. More and more poverty.” Elisabeth added: “We don’t like all this ‘cancel culture’ and ‘woke’ stuff there is on the Left now. “I don’t feel like I abandoned the Left; the Left abandoned me.”  READ MORE: Marine Le Pen's border plans branded 'Frexit in disguise' Mr Macron promised to redraw the landscape of French politics when he was elected in 2017, but since then he has struggled to unite its centre-right and staunchly conservative factions. French far-right leader Ms Le Pen, whom Mr Macron easily beat with two thirds of the votes five years ago, has got so close that who will win in a likely run-off on April 24 is now within the margin of error, an opinion poll showed on Monday. Since her resounding 2017 defeat, Ms Le Pen has patiently worked on softening her image, striving to appear as a potential leader rather than a radical anti-system opponent.  DON'T MISS Macron on brink as gap with Le Pen narrows ‘very seriously’ [POLL]Macron dubbed 'coward' as drops Putin aggression [INSIGHT]‘Nobody negotiated with Hitler' Polish PM savages Macron [OPINION] And on Monday she captured 48.5 percent of voter intentions in an opinion poll of a likely runoff against Mr Macron, the highest score she has ever notched. Harris Interactive in a poll for business weekly Challenges said that a victory by Mr Macron - which pollsters considered almost a foregone conclusion in past months - was now within the margin of error.  Challenges said on their website: ”This is the first time that the two finalists of (the presidential election in) 2017 are tested so close.” But Monday's Harris Interactive poll - in line with every other survey over the last month - still shows Mr Macron as the likely winner.This is despite his lead shrinking substantially as he entered the campaign late, apparently distracted by the Ukraine crisis.  He has focused on rather unpopular economic reforms including raising the retirement age, unsettling his camp. In 2017, Mr Macron won the runoff vote against Ms Le Pen with 66 percent.